tr	10	Who knew who would be there ?
tr	10	It even seemed to them that Mary was smiling at them .
tr	9	" I 'll see what I can do .
tr	8	He jumped as a coarse whisper broke his concentration .
tr	9	" Don 't worry , " I replied , " I wont stop you . "
tr	6	" Where do you want it ? "
tr	8	Amanda turned and , leaving him alone by the window , she dashed down the stairs .
tr	7	" Corporal Shaw , " the captain squared his jaw , " I am the one in command , not you .
tr	11	We have devised a plan to keep her soul under our control . "
tr	10	He hoped she 'd figured it out , but she didn 't .
tr	8	We paused at a crossroad and studied another pair of empty hallways .
tr	11	We have done everything we can for her .
tr	8	In between musings , he had fallen asleep and banged his own head on the side .
tr	11	Phillip shouted as he emerged on the north side of the pontoon boat .
tr	11	Salty spray carried on the wind stung her eyes , making them water .
tr	8	" That is what troubles me . "
tr	10	called out a gentleman whilst approaching from a nearby room wearing a stained apron .
tr	8	T the bottom of the fence grew a plant known as a Rosemary Bush .
tr	9	" I am planning on bringing him .
tr	8	Merchants , their wares piled upon rickety carts , filled the road .
tr	7	Chapter 15 The Rebellion Among the muddy trenches , Veron had taken up his old Cassandra flag in the base .
tr	10	" Will he be gone long , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	6	" And this is Miriam , " Theodosia volunteered .
tr	8	And if it was good enough for Einstein , it was good enough for Chris .
tr	7	She wiped them on her already wet tunic .
tr	5	Yes , she thought , things were different today .
tr	10	That will be a difficult thing for you to do , I know .
tr	9	Pass me my glasses will you . "
tr	8	Did I want to leave my current job ?
tr	8	' Did you find something else with this ? '
tr	9	I chased my friends , escaping the madness along the byway .
tr	7	I 'm not that wise , but she always has been and still is . "
tr	9	He discarded that notion ; there had been a nasty tone to the man 's laughter .
tr	6	She is truly a nature 's child .
tr	8	The canoe had left early this morning , according to the signs .
tr	8	We need to do something . "
tr	8	To everyone 's surprise a silhouette sat in the tall leather chair where Every typically took his pipe by the fireplace .
tr	5	" In good time , dear Philip , in good time , " Gus answered .
tr	9	" A woman , an old Quechua woman , came here an hour ago , to pray for me .
tr	10	And likely you and any of your buddies together . "
tr	7	I have plenty of cash .
tr	9	I stiffened a bit when he put his arm around me .
tr	7	said a rider with a large brown moustache and a shaven chin .
tr	7	We could spend the night too , of course .
tr	10	John wriggled out of the crowd and came to stand next to her .
tr	7	I wasn 't falling for it .
tr	10	The leaves were in various of stages of life .
tr	7	As Jake and Spyder started their car , Frank looked at the others and scratched his neck .
tr	9	Cisco said that Alfonso was shocked and turned his attentions away from any woman .
tr	9	A glass wall appeared in front of me as I moved into a vertical position .
tr	9	As he brought his weapon up two bullets hit him in the head and he toppled over George 's legs .
tr	11	Julie regained consciousness to find the last of her clothing gone .
tr	7	After all , I 've hardly aged in the last twenty-five years . '
tr	11	He stepped over the glass that crunched beneath his boots .
tr	9	Friedrich shone his torch over the control box at the side and pulled a lever .
tr	8	Only eight enemy mining specialists had been captured inside the dark tunnels .
tr	10	Oh , please don 't be - " He groaned suddenly , and opened his eyes .
tr	8	My body had no other choice but to follow . "
tr	6	' Well , we 've got his journal . '
tr	9	He probably could have finished it then but why risk .
tr	10	His only concern right now was to get his sister to safety and swiftly .
tr	8	" No , " the big man said as if that settled matters .
tr	8	At least Andy presumed he was dead .
tr	6	He had a deep voice , but the words and tone betrayed his youth .
tr	7	With an impatient movement he pulled the sword from its sheath at his side , and handed it to Adele .
tr	8	" In three seconds we will lose direct communications and go to satellite feed .
tr	6	Several days later , an Audi appeared in the Raleigh newspaper .
tr	10	Whatever happened was up to her .
tr	11	She said I should never speak with you , " Maya says .
tr	10	It seemed to be coming straight for her .
tr	9	Abby said , unable to follow .
tr	7	He leaned over and planted one on me .
tr	8	In all honesty , she didn 't really have a response to his statement .
tr	6	Gabe snags the phone out of my hand .
tr	7	As soon as he did he grabbed Lynn 's arm , jumped away and headed for the door .
tr	9	" Mom did a good job of hiding you .
tr	11	Do you want her to die ? "
tr	11	Helen was coming towards me very fast , wanting probably to end up the boxing game .
tr	9	Do you want more water ? "
tr	6	Alejo had bound her wrists together .
tr	11	Is this what you 've been hiding from me ?
tr	10	He suspected that among other problems plaguing retired pirates , back problems were high on the list .
tr	6	The other people on the food court had noticed the commotion .
tr	6	Magna , the Unbreakable Blade , cleaved beast after beast in half .
tr	9	They left via the kitchens to the stares of shocked and bewildered staff .
tr	8	He opened his eyelids in an attempt to startle him .
tr	7	He himself searches to understand . "
tr	7	Both boys gave me a hug , and then I disappeared into the trees .
tr	5	' In time , my friend , in time , ' Hassan said .
tr	8	Ted reached into his back pocket and pulled out a bandanna , offering it to Melody .
tr	9	Bandits , badasses and boys -- what wasn 't to love ?
tr	8	" Watch over Victoria ... Besides , I had a lot of work for you . "
tr	10	He left no sign that anyone had even been in the Church that night .
tr	7	" What do you make of this ? "
tr	6	He took it , took in all my feelings of hurt and betrayal .
tr	9	Speed was controlled by a gas lever in the right handlebar .
tr	5	" Give it a few more hours . "
tr	6	Some were long and some were short , some were deep and some weren 't .
tr	9	The message said that there was power , minimum temperatures , and oxygen .
tr	8	An alarm sounded shrilly in the night as we sped away .
tr	10	Brand reflected briefly on his friend and prayed he would honor his memory .
tr	8	There had to be something more to convince those first settlers . "
tr	9	The last day of the trip , or the next day after we came .
tr	9	Missy thought about that for a minute and glanced back out the little window toward the road .
tr	5	For all his deception , however , he was transparent .
tr	9	I said , " Engineering mostly , a stint in gunnery for a while . "
tr	10	" You don 't have to worry about her .
tr	8	Back in the living room he said , ' You 've not got your shoes on .
tr	9	He also told me I could trust you . "
tr	11	They have answered your questions many times before in your life in the most inventive ways imaginable .
tr	9	Joshua knew his shock could wear off quickly .
tr	10	I think he 's hurt bad . "
tr	11	" Because you 're the only one who sees the pain I see .
tr	9	Do you want me to go beat the jerk up ?
tr	9	He saw Big Man laying dead and another dying to one side .
tr	5	Surprise and joy filled his face .
tr	7	We had forgotten about you !
tr	8	He glanced up , and she walked swiftly across the hall and took a seat across from him .
tr	7	I said , being very curious .
tr	8	I take a step back from the screen without meaning to .
tr	9	" For your curiosity , yes , I care about him and I think we are much more then friends .
tr	9	If I am to die .
tr	11	Jason was so cold his sides ached from shaking .
tr	6	" You already know Goggles , but this gentleman is Ghost .
tr	5	His skin , hair , and teeth were all the same unpleasant yellow .
tr	8	With my heart located in my neck , I read it : " Damian .
tr	8	But leave it , leave it so I can wonder .
tr	10	You said you wanted to move . "
tr	8	and they will praise you and worship you and then nail you to a cross .
tr	10	He was tense , but heartened by the fact that there was no shooting yet .
tr	8	he remembered , later , teaching her to kiss .
tr	7	You let it go ! "
tr	6	" You were in charge .
tr	10	I gazed at her profile and the elegant lines of her neck while she spoke , her hands twisting fitfully together .
tr	11	We can take it to get to Cochabamba and warn my family . "
tr	11	He would face his last with what courage he could muster .
tr	7	The door refused to budge .
tr	6	Amanda took the memory card and held it up , squinting .
tr	11	He wanted to check that no intruders were present .
tr	8	It swiftly occurred to me that this impromptu visit was merely a formality .
tr	11	Therefore let 's get away from here and discuss what we need to do . "
tr	6	You can 't do this .
tr	8	The clouds began to circle in on each other , and lightning and thunder rocked the world once more .
tr	9	He looked over at me grinned and said , " looks like you doing OK for yourself . "
tr	8	Soon great-grandfather was killed and great-grandmother was left alone with the children .
tr	8	" My reading of the song of the crystal forces me to be elsewhere . "
tr	11	" What a blasted fool I am not to have thought of that before !
tr	5	" You saved my life . "
tr	9	The suddenness of his movements makes the task of reading ahead unachievable .
tr	10	Wait awhile before you come out to play .
tr	8	" Come , Rand ; it was a while ago , but surely you remember Rafe 's pride ? "
tr	11	I think we all need some rest , probably Mike more than anyone .
tr	7	Breedlove 's well-kept bronze , curly mane shimmered in the light , along with her delicate soft magnolia skin .
tr	11	Please don 't look so down , " Navi murmurs , anxious about interrupting Link 's deep thought .
tr	11	do you intend to do ? "
tr	5	" By the way , I got a strange call this morning . "
tr	9	Just try to treat them like human beings .
tr	7	Yours will also accompany mine and someone else will command your armies . "
tr	7	As Preston pulled the silks on , I shoved him up into Missile 's saddle .
tr	7	The face was fuzzy but I saw Dad 's dark hair .
tr	7	The rotors hit the wall of the glass tower .
tr	10	I can 't do my job if I 'm pregnant and as huge as a house !
tr	11	Chapter 7 : Lilly Ann Three nights and three days Lilly Ann sat at Taylor 's bed .
tr	10	" This wouldn 't be such a dog 's breakfast if you 'd done a dry run yesterday . "
tr	9	I mean , really , why get your panties in a bunch ?
tr	8	Within five minutes of her alarm waking her , she was outside the room and ready to search for coffee .
tr	6	Jensen , Taylor , Vaughn block the exits , " the Captain commanded .
tr	8	She could see a stone house on the far side but that was the only other residence on the lake .
tr	11	" Cook was devastated when he realized what his formula did .
tr	5	For an instant Tommy was confused .
tr	10	It 's a miracle his sister didn 't turn Naughty as well . "
tr	9	" Freezer , " Lo says without looking up from his microscope .
tr	9	It was an in-between dock for tankers on long hauls .
tr	9	They would move them to the patch of grass on the other side of the paddock .
tr	6	The sooner we cut our losses and move on the better . '
tr	10	Josh had barely spoken since they 'd left the beach .
tr	11	Unable to help grinning he asked , ' Was that any better ? '
tr	6	Her mama , her sisters and brothers and cousins , her aunts and uncles , exclaimed with wonder and approval .
tr	6	" Oh dear , " Minna says , " You must be a new one . "
tr	5	' There you are , it 's fine . '
tr	6	" Just a little jumpy I guess after ... well , you know . "
tr	6	His mouth tightened and she saw , even felt , the ripple of tension settle over his body .
tr	9	It felt good to relax my feet , the man 's nags pulling us along at a decent clip .
tr	10	You are trained to see past that .
tr	8	You will be hanged for this ! "
tr	8	" Thank you , " she murmured , lips moving against his .
tr	6	" That 's enough , sister , " a voice insists from behind .
tr	10	He knew that one day he would place his loved ones at risk .
tr	7	Billy tore it off his head and handed it back to Tracy .
tr	11	You must have been on Neo Utopia watching , expecting victory , but seeing only failure .
tr	6	The helicopter eventually flew over a large city on the coast just before nightfall .
tr	9	" You 're friend 's sweet .
tr	6	" My mother will adore you .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " I said , " and right this second I don 't care .
tr	5	33 , 28 , 71 , 12 , 56 , 40 , 85 , 64 , 97 .
tr	9	Riki gave her another huge whack and flashed Neil a brave , if somewhat watery grin .
tr	6	" And watch each other 's backs . "
tr	9	Turning , Chris saw the man was still a few paces behind .
tr	8	" If your husband could see his way , " she said .
tr	10	He made one abrupt turn after another , cutting through back alleys and yards .
tr	10	Needing to be right for her .
tr	5	Blue as blue , true as true .
tr	8	' Once infected , the end came within a matter of days .
tr	9	Help her prepare , prepare for what ?
tr	6	It 's all my fault ... She quickly wiped away her tears .
tr	9	He was trustworthy and indeed had been very helpful to Julia .
tr	8	Suddenly , the crab to his left dips forward , its eyes wobbling as it lines up its target .
tr	8	I have never seen the like of it in all my travels .
tr	7	As far as I know , I am the senior ranking officer on this post . "
tr	5	Today ze future goes either one way or ze other .
tr	10	Her hands shook as she lifted it from the sill and carried it back to the chest .
tr	7	She giggled and waved her hand to me , exiting my room .
tr	10	The Archduke 's been away on a hunting expedition for several months now .
tr	10	The first task had been completed , the second was about to be , and the third was ongoing .
tr	10	Sampson fell to the ground , gasping for air , wondering what had happened .
tr	7	" Is he off on this wild chase as well ? "
tr	6	Last week it was Agnes versus Mystic Meg - " " You 're kidding ! "
tr	6	" No , that is all , " said Ethan dismissively .
tr	11	Harrison called out , " It appears that me count be wrong as well .
tr	7	Miriam picked up her pen again and sucked the cap thoughtfully .
tr	10	We start by learning to talk . "
tr	10	If the lad fell , would I abandon him and instead traipse around Europe on the rest of the Tour ?
tr	9	110 " before dropping off .
tr	7	Many aircraft took off daily from Andrews -- fighters , bombers , cargo aircraft and fuel tankers .
tr	10	It doesn 't help you stopping to think .
tr	10	" Now come to the rear and I 'll show you how she glides , Mr. Jones . "
tr	9	He suddenly smiled as he stares upon the young woman .
tr	8	If nothing else , his technical knowledge of how the massive telescope array worked made him indispensable .
tr	11	What happened next left me even more dumbstruck .
tr	10	Landon knelt beside her and she seized the chance to tell him .
tr	8	" Your Majesty , if what Eva says is true , we have evidence .
tr	10	Hanging his head low , he started to walk back towards the trail , heartbroken .
tr	10	" Are we going to your big house over there ? "
tr	8	I have taken care of it . "
tr	11	" Another turning point that almost went the wrong way for us , but yes .
tr	9	" I mean to survive this , and your delicacy 's getting in the way . "
tr	7	A loud horn sounded from behind ; Sven 's agents pressed them hard .
tr	11	Right now he wished he did not have any of those qualities .
tr	9	Nathan suspected it had been futile .
tr	7	Sgt. Brown announced , holding out the tablet .
tr	6	" Been a long day fir everyone , an ' sun 'll be up early tomorrow .
tr	7	There was a big panic , people running about and the like .
tr	6	They were mine , and I was theirs -- this was right , or at least , it would be .
tr	8	Don 't you want to tell me a story ? "
tr	8	Landon drew fewer of the patrons ' eyes , at any rate .
tr	6	Body parts , crawling , writhing , moving about , as though charged with some weird energy .
tr	5	whispered Eda , her voice incredulous .
tr	8	This was all of course my own imagination .
tr	10	Two loud pops then startled them followed by whistling .
tr	8	There were a few moments of complete silence and then it was broken .
tr	9	I remembered the fear in Mom 's eyes when she talked to me at the Eiffel Tower .
tr	10	I 'd need more time to ponder that .
tr	9	Turning quickly , he saw standing next to him was the captain himself .
tr	7	Josie asked , ignoring Jimmy .
tr	11	Joey said he hadn 't recognized him either and we told them that .
tr	7	he murmured weakly through dry , cracked lips .
tr	11	Did they fail a bunch of classes in the end of the spring quarter ?
tr	7	They were at an intersection , hundreds of people shuffled around them .
tr	8	* License Notes : Thank you for downloading this e-book .
tr	7	You 'll need a good school uniform , and the state of your undergarments is ridiculous . "
tr	9	" I 'll go out for food and I 'll bring you back some decent coffee . "
tr	8	That 's all you ever say !
tr	11	I understand we are three hundred and forty eight people in all , with slaves numbering two hundred .
tr	11	But I know you 've got that part handled .
tr	6	She had classic , symmetrical features , high cheekbones , well-balanced nose and chin .
tr	8	His car chimed , jolting him back to the moment .
tr	9	Second , figure out which of the millions of questions to start with .
tr	8	Beside the angel child was a still form wrapped in blue and white silk .
tr	5	" So what 's the third thing then ? "
tr	8	They were still pirates , enemies on the waters .
tr	8	Rafe glanced speculatively behind him in the direction that they had come .
tr	8	He would float on past them and then get out somewhere downstream .
tr	9	At the end of a corridor on the ground floor , we found a staff changing room .
tr	10	Still , I could not shake the feeling that our time was running out .
tr	8	I could stay here for the next two hours , he thought .
tr	6	The malignant light outside highlighted her long dark hair , olive skin , and deep brown eyes .
tr	8	" I had my phone off for a while Rob ... ... .
tr	5	It wasn 't even her birthday .
tr	5	" You mean that ... ? "
tr	7	When he finished , he flew up to the ceiling , opened the ceiling door and was gone .
tr	7	She did not like waiting .
tr	8	" So why do you think most of the Big . .
tr	6	" No pressure or anything , " I said , and despite everything , he gave me a boyish grin .
tr	6	He held it out in an open palm .
tr	8	For the most part she said no more to him than was absolutely necessary .
tr	7	If it 's no inconvenience , we 'll simply retire for the evening . "
tr	9	He leads a cadre of young swordsmen at a fencing school .
tr	10	" Don 't try to feed me your bullshit .
tr	9	" And so you wanted to give your own a little leg up on the food chain ? "
tr	9	I want to know why .
tr	7	She felt Nathan 's resistance , but continued on anyway .
tr	8	It began as a very familiar itch moments before the scantily clad yeoman entered his quarters .
tr	10	" Perhaps it is Finan he dislikes , only he believes him to be Lord Rafe , " suggested Rand .
tr	11	" Are you sure you and Jeff are up to socialising with a six-year-old ? "
tr	10	He was staring as a man shuffled up to us .
tr	7	Halfway through , Reid came up behind me and peered curiously over my shoulder .
tr	8	Did they live in harmony like the rest ? "
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	11	She started to cross the street with Michael in tow .
tr	8	The leading suit of armour raised its weapon , a hefty wooden stick capped with a spiked iron ball .
tr	5	The handgun , a .38 snub nose , loaded , was very much a surprise .
tr	5	" One hand here , one hand there , that 's it .
tr	8	" That 's not enough ... " " At night , which is only what assholes do .
tr	10	That 's why Maggie found all the arrowheads near here .
tr	6	" There is one , " pointed out a bearded young man in the crowd before them .
tr	7	Then the taste of the wine hit her and she grimaced .
tr	9	His masculine features become pronounced for the first time , his hand still reaching out to her .
tr	7	" You can 't go to a doctor .
tr	7	She said , " Three or four times a year . "
tr	9	She must have a museum like yours George , " he said jokingly .
tr	6	' Mr Price , Phyllis and I are Custodians , ' Gran explained .
tr	8	He showed them the shape he saw .
tr	10	Be relieved you 're leaving me .
tr	10	We rose to our feet and shot the four Hunters several feet ahead before they could sense our presence .
tr	11	I don 't see why I put up with him , do you ? "
tr	7	CHAPTER 20 The sun was setting and a spectacular array of orange , yellow and pink filled the sky .
tr	10	He swiftly scanned the intruders , they hadn 't moved as though waiting for instructions .
tr	7	" Yes , but my mother was forced into the marriage by her parents .
tr	10	Unless someone was looking for me , it was dark enough that the average driver wouldn 't notice me .
tr	5	For a moment there was silence .
tr	11	" Doesn 't seem to be stopping you , " observed Stubby .
tr	9	He couldn 't help but gasp at the sight of her magnificent body .
tr	11	The chatting stopped when Elaina brought them each a bowl of soup and a thick slice of bread .
tr	11	There were fish as long as his arm , sleek creatures suspended in the current .
tr	7	" Damn it , I can 't just stand around or she 'll just attack me over and over . "
tr	10	" I believe something is playing with our electronics .
tr	9	Her shouts also increased in volume as the girl screamed louder and louder .
tr	5	" For an English pub it 's not too bad . "
tr	11	That was just enough to send Johnny over the edge .
tr	9	I walked by the trophy room and heard them shouting and laughing at each other .
tr	8	" Something to be determined another day , " he nods , scooping a hand around her waist playfully .
tr	10	So I must find her and remove it from her grasp , before she causes any more damage .
tr	6	His authoritative voice left no room for argument .
tr	10	' Oh , I hate it when you say things like that . '
tr	11	she shouted , oblivious to all the eyes on her , tears streaming down her face .
tr	5	He dropped the towel , basin and razor .
tr	8	I kept stumbling into things .
tr	6	Up the throat , past the gums , look out world , here it comes ! "
tr	8	" I was brought up in a different age ; I guess they call it old school .
tr	8	Some say you should burn . "
tr	8	' The tip of this blade is exactly an inch from your heart , ' I said slowly .
tr	5	" I care , that 's all . "
tr	6	" Seriously , this is annoying , " Laila said with a tremble to her voice .
tr	8	Everyone thinks you are mad !
tr	6	The walking stick was changing flavors now .
tr	9	No troubles left to bother our brave friend !
tr	7	Ducking an expansively waved arm , Hamish successfully set the drinks on the table and received a clout on the ear .
tr	11	' We 'll give ' em a sec to warm up . '
tr	10	His best guess was that Lyudmila and Gennady were two cars behind him .
tr	6	In his voice I notice the rudeness and the irony .
tr	11	" Are you the one who come with Talisman ? "
tr	6	At that same moment , a voice came from behind .
tr	9	They would travel at a fast pace , for about a day , to reach the river .
tr	6	Chapter 19 : Back from the Edge " DAMN IT , SEAN , JUST CALM DOWN for a minute !
tr	10	" I 've gotten involved in something ... something that I should have never touched .
tr	9	There , they set off at a brisk trot riding double on the little black steed .
tr	5	" It 's Alejo ! "
tr	7	There won 't be any glamour , you 'll fit right in . "
tr	11	Then a miracle happened ( for they always happen at the most needed helpful times ) .
tr	9	One man even switched rooms , but I saw him break the glass .
tr	11	Just a thin veil of color that wavered slightly as she moved .
tr	9	She wears a tight blue short sleeve shirt with a zipper running down the center .
tr	10	The train stopped then , and Kurt slipped onboard and out of earshot , leaving the unfortunate Courtier in his wake .
tr	7	Not one has shirked from the responsibility . "
tr	5	" Calm like the forest .
tr	10	Have a pull if you don 't believe me . '
tr	11	She was surprised when her hand began to shake .
tr	7	At first , I couldn 't find him ; the man was gone .
tr	8	He had the skin like his mother , black eyes set deep above the high planes of his cheekbones .
tr	8	" Hey , " Kurt said , fumbling his phone from his pocket .
tr	9	He waited until they lay back , and the fire had died down some .
tr	7	He , delighted by her drunken offer , accepted gladly , wordlessly , and locked lips with his eastern maiden .
tr	7	She squeezed his hand and brought her full attention back to Mike .
tr	9	" Jess , you want to take a swim with me ? "
tr	7	Would you have any spare apples in the pantry ? "
tr	6	" We 're too late , " another voice says .
tr	9	* * * * * " Eva stayed home , did she ? "
tr	7	Miriam unlocked the trunk with a large key , reached inside , and pulled something out .
tr	6	But it is nevertheless true , " Gregor stated , Stephanie 's eyes got wide and Gregor carried on .
tr	8	Of course , right here on the Cape , we 've got the bones of the Somerset . "
tr	6	on the other side an honor guard provided by the 1st Parachute Regiment .
tr	5	" Never mind , the less I know the better . "
tr	10	There would be no trapping her again , he knew .
tr	7	But he held me tight and wrapped something around my leg .
tr	11	" Gabriel is supposed to be God 's messenger , " I say .
tr	7	At the bottom of the box , I found a silver case .
tr	8	' He might prove useful as leverage , ' I muttered .
tr	7	If you hadn 't acted , how many more would now be dead ? "
tr	10	I thought it looked kind of cool . "
tr	6	As in Last Will and Testament , sir , ' the old man added meaningfully .
tr	7	Friday 23th September 1983 By Friday Katherine had done several fun shifts at The Dog and Parrot .
tr	9	What sort of ulterior motive could be attained through such a simple gesture ?
tr	9	If only he had seen it before .
tr	9	He snatched it off the shelf and stuffed the letter in the middle of the book before putting it back .
tr	7	He looked over at the team leader , an engineer from Chimera .
tr	8	He had to do it .
tr	10	Tarleton was pleased that he 'd been accepted .
tr	9	an over-excited Christy shouted before they were even spotted .
tr	8	Chapter IX - Epilogue It was raining .
tr	11	That 's the major reason GM is where it is .
tr	9	He 'd been a decent kid and was working on his Eagle Scout project when the apocalypse happened .
tr	6	" Maybe someday we can talk .
tr	6	And they definitely don 't stay young forever .
tr	8	However , not for lack of trying .
tr	10	None appeared to be over forty , three men and three women .
tr	9	Probably to complain about him .
tr	6	However , their music festivals were a whole other something else .
tr	7	Jennings closed the rear doors to the van , locked everything up and jumped up onto the dock without a word .
tr	7	He didn 't want the ugly world to intrude .
tr	6	I pointed a finger at him .
tr	9	Dad evoked this kind of scary presence when he was in full Spy Games mode .
tr	7	" It 's bloody freaky ... . .
tr	7	Stevens frowned , sat back in his chair , and crossed his arms .
tr	8	Send someone back to confirm it .
tr	11	Prove to them that you 're just as good as they are .
tr	8	Then a snowy white dove flew down and landed next to him on the tree .
tr	9	She accused me of cheating miss !
tr	6	" Old friends from college , " Robert said , awe in his voice .
tr	9	" Truly sorry to hear that .
tr	8	I stood on the bridge for a moment contemplating my actions .
tr	9	Sit down and have a bite to eat .
tr	7	' Reid , have you got the memory stick ? '
tr	7	The only security is getting on the network .
tr	11	But Dr. Crawford had to be eliminated , thanks to you . "
tr	9	I bit my lip and flashed back to the scene in the Eiffel .
tr	10	The closet on the left , the one with the door cracked open , was his .
tr	10	Sweat ran down his face and back and the ground seemed to sway under his feet .
tr	11	The heavy bass music that had been playing in the background increases in volume .
tr	10	' We 'll need an escape route if we get out of there alive . '
tr	8	Only pure shock kept me from mirroring her wet eyes .
tr	7	She couldn 't look at me .
tr	11	She cursed herself for leaving the wipe lying beside the sleeping bag .
tr	11	He is an evil man who will do great harm to all the world . "
tr	6	Or rather , the same government ; there hasn 't really been a change .
tr	10	The embers of the fire were dying as the morning sun rose toward the heavens .
tr	8	" You turned a bad day into a sort of miracle . "
tr	7	Elaina glared at her , hands balled into fists at her sides .
tr	10	Now , instead , the girl was here , in the hands of some very unsafe men , himself included .
tr	6	" But we 're so close - " " We aren 't , " she said sharply .
tr	11	They whistle to control their dogs when out hunting . '
tr	9	A female in the group struck him as being as impossibly beautiful as Katherine .
tr	10	But you and I both know we can 't fight Lance without magic .
tr	6	His head throbbed , and he ached all over .
tr	11	Izzy didn 't wait for the grenade to detonate , and started pounding away with his rifle .
tr	5	" So ... okay , so what happened ? "
tr	8	I never want to leave you , Elaina . "
tr	6	I switched the knife to my right hand .
tr	8	" Glad to hear it .
tr	9	Either my weapons had been stripped from me or my clothes had been .
tr	8	Anna grabbed her by the arm and dragged her into the house as Abby and Alex aided Rick .
tr	6	And around her neck were at least a dozen coral necklaces .
tr	11	I thought I was the only one to see .
tr	8	" Because you hated being near me !
tr	7	Reggie drew in a deep breath and looked over the crowd .
tr	10	Harry gestured with one hand while holding Laura with the other .
tr	7	" Wash those cuts quickly and then get some sleep , " he said .
tr	6	Initial estimates for the death toll are between sixty and seventy . "
tr	9	" Sire , what can you tell us of the place ? "
tr	8	" Now , how do you plan to destroy those tanks ? "
tr	6	Every part of her hurt , from her throbbing head to her raw fingertips to her bruised and aching feet .
tr	10	" I 've got something really big planned for you .
tr	11	" I knew it was going to stop ! "
tr	8	There were less people , sitting on some plastic white chairs .
tr	11	The orders just said the palace was attacked and there is a curfew in effect .
tr	8	Sofia set a wry smile and said , " I-I 'm fine . "
tr	5	He sighed , " OK , OK ! "
tr	8	Brand took a step forward with his own sword , but Hilda looked back at him and glanced at him sternly .
tr	10	We are going to drive back to Perth tonight .
tr	6	The operator backed away and then slowly approached the corner post again .
tr	11	And saw the huge figure come crashing through them .
tr	8	She could feel the strain of the web , building and growing , expanding .
tr	6	The door closed behind them .
tr	5	' I know , ' I said quietly .
tr	7	With a sigh , Claire packed it away and walked back to the bus .
tr	9	exclaimed Ricky looking up at the tree as it disappeared out of sight into the dark canopy above .
tr	6	" You disappoint me , Raphael , " he said , and sheathed the Morgenstern sword .
tr	7	He folded his arms , nodded amiably at the Hunter beside him and assumed a bored air .
tr	7	And the boys ' eyes opened wide in wonder ... They saw Jesus in combat with the Evil One .
tr	7	All the equipment for their escape and survival was packed in waterproof soft leather bags .
tr	5	" I 'm Missy Stark .
tr	8	I was seating at the airport , looking around for a cab .
tr	5	Unexpectedly , but reluctantly , the housekeeper 's children agreed .
tr	6	We landed with a dull thud on cold , bare stone .
tr	8	I looked over my shoulder , alarm twisting through my gut ; the steel arrow was almost out of the ceiling .
tr	9	Plenty of time to fight this old battle later , his expression said .
tr	10	Let me start where it hurts most .
tr	7	Is it any easier to wage a war on shadows ?
tr	11	" I don 't want to be married off to Stephanie . "
tr	8	It made Kendall feel uncomfortable .
tr	9	" You can hear the air going through it .
tr	9	I hesitated for a heartbeat before stepping inside the hole .
tr	8	" Have you any background with a blade ? "
tr	10	" I didn 't say I could solve everything !
tr	7	Dusk closed in and the cousins stopped at a village for the night .
tr	7	No telling what they 'll do . "
tr	8	He seizes every opportunity inside and outside of a match and enjoys punishing his opponents .
tr	9	He turned his back on Neil in mid-sentence and wandered closer to the cliff .
tr	10	He knew how to make stuff : Molotov cocktails , pretty good bombs , electronic bugs for picking up conversations .
tr	10	She remembered watching the stars from those steps , and the feel of his warm lips on hers .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , Hayden , " I say , " I 'm not very good company again today . "
tr	10	I asked , beginning to feel frantic .
tr	11	Kevin looked at her as if he 's about to puke .
tr	9	Did you come to throw stones in me , again ? "
tr	9	The mug of tea she held turned the moist dirt to a film .
tr	11	She glared across the room at me remaining silent ; waiting for the guards to leave .
tr	6	That night , around the campfire , they talked about their favorite foods .
tr	7	The desk clerk eyed them from head to toe , his gaze lingering at the growing puddles .
tr	7	You have more dangerous enemies than Jolie . "
tr	8	' JD , please disarm our guests and then we 'll sit down and discuss their future . '
tr	7	The darkness and the rush of the wind helped mask our approach .
tr	7	" For a variety of reasons , sir , " he answered .
tr	11	Tracy said putting a family sized pizza on the table .
tr	8	" Mom , and Bryan , and everyone else would like to know .
tr	8	He walked into meeting room number three .
tr	5	Of course there 's a way .
tr	8	" Yeah ... Who are you ? "
tr	7	" I don 't feel a thing , " Gunnar said .
tr	9	Doesn 't anyone know what it is ? "
tr	6	Chapter Fifteen At five in the morning , the Prague Institute of Molecular Genetics was dark and deserted .
tr	9	And she told him that her parents told her all of it , too .
tr	8	Foolproof spun toward the low cot where Huerta was napping .
tr	9	Her home was as surprising as was she .
tr	5	" Oh , I don 't know ! "
tr	11	Taylor asked without really knowing where he was headed .
tr	5	and her constant hand and eye movement , the sum total was significant .
tr	8	" So , who of you is the scientist ? "
tr	7	He was looking at their stunned faces .
tr	9	Why did they have to come here ?
tr	6	" Get a move on , girl , " her father , Daniel , called from the house .
tr	9	Another shouted cry came up from the assembly .
tr	10	Open on the table in front of him was his ubiquitous briefcase .
tr	7	At various moments they even jumped up from their seats and smothered their sons with kisses .
tr	6	We lift up into the sky .
tr	11	Sandstone had been eroded to look like goblins .
tr	7	Rafe 's voice had taken on a frosty inflection .
tr	6	The pieces of the puzzle were almost all there .
tr	8	" Many things had changed ... " Chase took hold of her hand .
tr	11	The words washed over her , refusing to enter either ears or brain .
tr	7	Then , striding back into the hallway , the men steered toward the great hall .
tr	7	Yet that had been during the day .
tr	5	" Me , too , " Logan said , and the brothers laughed .
tr	10	And why weren 't they doing anything ?
tr	11	Come and give them what they paid to see ! "
tr	9	Costas was already inside : the Bastian Council member was inspecting the contents of the silver cases .
tr	7	" Gema , will you marry me ? "
tr	9	" Human 's don 't battle for their mates , Vivian . "
tr	8	For the first time , since she came to my door , I watched her .
tr	7	" Oh , I just can 't bear it , " she moaned .
tr	6	But away down west He is not afraid , and there are the Silent Watchers . '
tr	6	" Let 's all sit down , I 've ordered some room service . "
tr	8	" Faith gives us hope and hope brings salvation .
tr	6	" And how many of our brothers reside here , friend ? "
tr	7	He put his hand firmly on my shoulder , and ushered me down the long red carpet .
tr	6	" No , it 's all right , " he forced his eyes up and gave her a benevolent smile .
tr	9	" I can 't Scarborough , ' E 'll have my head ! "
tr	8	They started out past the darkest time of night .
tr	10	He realized he felt happy for once .
tr	8	I blocked and sent a left hook at his face , but he jumped out of the way .
tr	5	" I am not sure . "
tr	6	On the whole , they all followed the commandments and lived worthy and dignified lives .
tr	6	" Are there any other dark red or royal blue dragons in these parts ? "
tr	9	Riki said , from the shelter of Neil 's arm .
tr	11	Slowly he scooted toward the back of the truck easing the blanket with him before he slid to the ground .
tr	7	Lem me see it . "
tr	10	They are due to arrive in one hour . "
tr	7	Wooden beams formed the pointed ceiling , and several slits appeared in the walls around the structure .
tr	8	I drop down , run toward him .
tr	8	He was not surprised when Penny joined him .
tr	11	Just outside of the throne room , he is surprised to find Less awaiting him .
tr	6	Time he put his linen jacket away and bring out his Austin Reed charcoal Donegal 2 in 1 wool jacket .
tr	6	I hate him for this .
tr	9	The triangle beneath Rift 's makeshift glove glows much brighter as he reaches for the ghostly grasp .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " he said , " she 's made the crossing solo several times . "
tr	11	I swear I was going to explode .
tr	6	He placed it down too hard on the table .
tr	9	" Bye Gran , thanks for washing my clothes ! "
tr	8	" No , I 'm sorry , I can 't do that even if I wanted . "
tr	5	" Oh no , not at all , " said Mr. Cat .
tr	5	" Maybe , " the man affectionately pecked the woman .
tr	10	He knew that they were expecting his arrival , but he wanted to be polite .
tr	7	" Lord Erik , Captain of the River Guard , " Harald intoned darkly .
tr	10	Ms. Sinclair , you will be returning with your cargo , the first extremely important cargo needed in space .
tr	10	I also notice that the television remote is not bolted to the table .
tr	5	' No he didn 't , ' Mandy snapped .
tr	6	The last time , I just built up a group by accident .
tr	7	He then checked his suit , and as he expected , the temperature hadn 't changed .
tr	7	" I 'll tell you everything , " Alejo promised hoarsely .
tr	10	Inch by inch , I raised my head until I could peek into the kitchen window past the ruffled curtains .
tr	11	Terry let some time pass before he tried again .
tr	11	I needed to move to do that .
tr	7	He grabbed his canteen , spare ammo , and canteen , then ran back to Webster and did the same .
tr	7	Get your ass in this boat right now ! "
tr	6	Four feet from the final landing , a detonation blasted through the open stairwell above our heads .
tr	9	What was he doing in the forest at night ?
tr	8	The words were muffled by her hands , but Claire was expecting them .
tr	7	Taylor shook his head , still in shock , and stepped closer to the aircraft .
tr	7	Like a man swimming through mighty river rapids , Isaac flailed his arms and nudged his knees higher .
tr	8	You want him ; he 's yours , " I said before ending the connection .
tr	8	He decided to chance a comment .
tr	6	Please go on , " he asked .
tr	9	He , himself have no idea why he did such outrageous conduct .
tr	8	At this stage of the game I 'd much rather be safe than sorry .
tr	5	" Then take them off . "
tr	7	" How do the people working in there eat and sleep ? "
tr	10	I don 't even want to talk about the knife throwing . "
tr	8	It was still a month away but Missy was getting more excited with every passing day .
tr	6	At that instant , the door opened and Mana came in .
tr	6	Bron pointed to the disturbed ground .
tr	9	" I 'm dead cleaned out .
tr	8	Isaac pulled himself back over land and worked his way back up to me .
tr	10	Leaping backward to recover , the boy must rapidly dash away as a surge of arrows screams past him .
tr	7	He unlatched the door to the gun cabinet , reached inside and removed an old British Infield .303 rifle .
tr	11	I hung around with Keith until it started to get dark .
tr	10	My captives did so and stood trembling slightly in the ever present wind .
tr	7	What if I mess up ? "
tr	10	And she had laughed when Amy stood on the condom .
tr	9	Alexa licked her lips but her tongue was dry and coated with white .
tr	9	They set the bags on the second twin bed and said , " You 'll like Angela .
tr	7	An ' a paltry sum it is fer yer kindness .
tr	10	Please remember this is a work of fiction .
tr	10	If Ted had been confused before , now he was completely baffled about what to do .
tr	10	I looked into the eyes of my co-workers , pleading for someone to take my side .
tr	11	" Didn 't you have protocols to prevent something like that from happening ? "
tr	8	And what are you doing here ? "
tr	8	" Charger and Valiant , and what may I call you ?
tr	8	Cautiously , Ted moved forward to the corner of the house .
tr	9	' I have no idea what it 's for . '
tr	5	Site of our last conversation , kiss , fallout , whatever .
tr	7	My parents let my grandma name me and she gave me a native name . "
tr	7	" You 'll see , is right next to us . "
tr	10	Two slave woman that still had enough fat on them said they would stay and this pleased the chief .
tr	8	Luckily , Kaylie was holding the rope loosely ; it nearly pulled her into the water when it suddenly tightened .
tr	6	He suddenly slowed down and his shoulder sagged .
tr	8	They 've taken a lot of blood from me . '
tr	8	After watching for a minute or so he scrambled back down .
tr	6	Beyond the pier , beyond the black sea , an ominous grouping of clouds grew on the horizon .
tr	8	" She 's American , " Christian grinned , crooked teeth visible in the darkness .
tr	7	Carl finished , then kissed his wife goodbye and left for work .
tr	6	And the snow never fully melted until spring .
tr	9	" So , how did they know we were going to use this road ? "
tr	11	Ted said , trying to stay on target .
tr	7	Bruno grunted and lapsed into silence .
tr	11	Jacob had always been a sharp , expensive dresser ; William could not remember ever seeing him casually dressed .
tr	7	" My father is a cruel beast of a man .
tr	9	They 're the only things without dust on them . "
tr	8	Sound OK to you sir ? "
tr	8	An alarm is sounding throughout the ship and the lights flicker .
tr	7	He didn 't include it in those papers . '
tr	11	" I don 't think that 's Bravo company over there . "
tr	10	Merry Christmas darling , " George was standing in the doorway leaning on the frame .
tr	9	Dad had strict orders to not help them out .
tr	11	Again she felt he might be angry with her .
tr	8	" Miriam , that 's enough , " Mana said .
tr	10	The world was full of people suffering , their daily lives full of misery .
tr	7	Soon the starship was flying in a horizontal trajectory through white fluffy clouds .
tr	10	Ricky figured this was a logical extrapolation from the preceding lesson .
tr	11	Miriam recited the poem , finding that the lines rolled easily off her tongue .
tr	6	" Yes ... but you may , " she answered mischievously .
tr	8	" Uh-huh , to orient himself and , well , he put his head on the burner , Johnny . "
tr	7	Maybe Sarah hadn 't seen it yet .
tr	10	Ah , Set , how far I have crawled in my own blood !
tr	8	Tell me the truth , heal me , and then let his brother kill me ?
tr	7	The United Nation was gone , but a new organization formed named simply " The Alliance " .
tr	6	" I am no common woman , " Hilda said .
tr	9	Always take the left fork and pay for what you eat . "
tr	6	" The hell it is , " Lo retorts .
tr	9	Beppe spent the rest of the day teaching Simon how to be a bodyguard .
tr	8	shouted Gary , not taking his eyes off the ridge .
tr	9	" We were at the end of our street and watched our home go up in flames .
tr	7	I slipped into my car , started the engine and pulled the mask from my face .
tr	8	Eventually they would rule us and we would be their slaves , I can 't allow that , " Jason confesses .
tr	9	The only thing he can remember clearly is darkness .
tr	9	Two more arrows , one from behind and yet another from the side , stopped him in his tracks .
tr	5	By the evening , her condition hadn 't changed .
tr	9	The maelstrom wove around us as the valets constructed an impromptu feast and table setting amid the expansive foyer .
tr	6	" No ... maybe a little ? "
tr	7	She stood with mouth open , staring at him , for a minute .
tr	10	Instantly the woman was on her feet to offer an arm .
tr	5	You and some friends , of course , " I finished , lamely .
tr	10	Furnace , the butler , was in the middle of a speech about her guardians .
tr	11	Do you know who is there ? "
tr	7	" Is he coming down ? "
tr	6	" No , " said Ransom ; and then , correcting himself , " I do know . "
tr	6	And remember , you owe me , " Charlie said mysteriously , leaned forward , kissed her cheek and then disappeared .
tr	9	" Well , thanks for letting me know , " said Mark sarcastically .
tr	10	She wanted to keep on dreaming .
tr	6	I 'm not such a kid as all that .
tr	5	Even so , his one good eye was wide and pleading .
tr	11	This time , the coldness that gripped me felt arctic .
tr	9	" It will be a long journey in the snow , " Brand said .
tr	7	He walked away , his helmet slamming into the lockers and I hung my head in disgrace .
tr	10	With a shrug , Claire continued on her way to get dry .
tr	9	After what felt like an hour , Sky smiled and stood up .
tr	5	" Your face ... " " Pretty bad , I guess . "
tr	11	She sounded apologetic , no doubt fully aware that it was all just window dressing .
tr	8	Before Michael could even reply the housekeeper had barged her way into the room .
tr	6	" Because they didn 't want me .
tr	9	He wasn 't sorry to see the added firepower either .
tr	11	I found it hard to argue with that point .
tr	9	A horrific sort of nostalgia grips his form when the skull kid shouts for him in the distance .
tr	8	He pushed past the Prince across the hall and opened another door - revealing Lorna .
tr	7	She reached out a hand picking it up .
tr	6	I might need some last minute tips . "
tr	7	" No ; the earls ' bodyguards only stand around all day and protect their liege . "
tr	7	The blackness splintered like a mirror , a gigantic crack protruded from the distance and split the area in two .
tr	6	But do it now , before I lose my temper and deny you any real choice . "
tr	10	I thought she was being over protective .
tr	7	The subject under heated discussion is the need for a night watch .
tr	11	David ran towards them just in time to see them look up in panic and fear .
tr	7	" I too lived with a quite religious man , " said Sam , nodding her head .
tr	7	Cautiously , she lifted the heavy brace out of its brackets and slid back the bolt .
tr	8	Certain wings were off limits to me .
tr	7	The scenery below was a stunning mixture of lush green farm land , villages and forests .
tr	7	Elaina got to her feet , but crossed her arms over her chest defiantly .
tr	10	Sidney said she had a brother Sammie but he had died when he was five .
tr	8	I tried hunting and target shooting next , but it was still monotonous .
tr	6	" Hey , Kevin , " she called , " come here . "
tr	8	she said , uninterested in the cube , but intently eyeing the grub .
tr	6	" Well , he only created the cavern , but yes , that 's the one . "
tr	7	" Hey Josh , can I put a picture of you on the blog ?
tr	10	He thought of Jen and his dogs and knew he would never see them again .
tr	9	" Those are the only shows that succeed , " said the man .
tr	7	" But , Majesty , the worth of a nation is held in its people .
tr	6	" Margie and Jamie , I told you , " she said with impatience .
tr	8	Only Olmec and I know , and he thinks me helpless and you slain .
tr	9	" Where to next then , Anthony ?
tr	8	He was impossible to read .
tr	8	' About that , ' he began in an obvious tone of distaste .
tr	7	She pulled me into a hug and whispered in my ear .
tr	8	" Yeah , getting your head cut off does that to a person " I added .
tr	11	Jain gasped as her eyes began to tear up .
tr	8	I was already out of the door and lunging for the silver rectangle .
tr	8	Adele 's hand was still pressed against Finan 's brow .
tr	9	" Well , thank you for pointing out the obvious , " Simon said .
tr	10	He started flying her in " S " turns and brought her nose up a degree or two .
tr	11	You just don 't know when to give up do you ? "
tr	11	Then Teddy leaned over the table and triumphantly flung down the Three of Diamonds ' , she all but screamed .
tr	8	The ground beneath their feet rumbles again , still upset by Ganondorf 's earlier attack .
tr	8	" Money and guns , " she said , getting to her feet .
tr	11	" You 're saying I 've got your blood in me ? "
tr	6	" Highly probable , though like the Cursor Legate , their identities are never openly revealed .
tr	7	A sad smile flitted across Solange 's face .
tr	8	Neil reached for another napkin and repeated the process , and after a minute Riki tried it .
tr	10	It was always hard to assume how much .
tr	9	The Lord of Hidden Places told me that his holy place has been defiled ! "
tr	11	He could do this ; he could do something without being clumsy and tripping !
tr	10	Feeling excluded Danny watched Raphael , free of his usual unmovable drum kit join Calvin .
tr	8	Ears still ringing from the blast , I used the cover of the grey clouds and crawled through the open doorway .
tr	8	I had to stop it ?
tr	5	* Epilogue The shop , as usual , was extremely busy .
tr	11	Blue pretended she knew what nonplussed meant .
tr	9	When the fuel truck had left , Taylor opened the engine cowl and started with the preflight inspection of his airplane .
tr	5	" Hey , stop the truck ! "
tr	6	" I am afraid not , my friend , " Phoebe declares sadly .
tr	10	Since Byron also had preparations to finalize , he didn 't have to wait long .
tr	9	They had constructed it back in the middle of the twentieth century .
tr	10	As the shield closed around the stern of the last shuttle , the signal from the Ares was lost .
tr	9	" He has a television show , too , except that he 's quitting , " said the man .
tr	9	Dave and Rob reached the cellar of the stone cottage and struggled to open the trapdoor .
tr	11	Julie had to blink at the reality of him .
tr	11	It hadn 't taken him long to jerk the knots out of my tail and he wound up becoming my mentor .
tr	8	For an hour the disk detailed the efforts of mankind to destroy itself .
tr	11	Now what was I supposed to do ?
tr	9	I would like to rescue him .
tr	7	You have made me the happiest man .
tr	7	With a shrug he said , " Very well , you 're the boss . "
tr	11	" Be sure to tell Cole hello for me .
tr	9	If you know anything at all , good sir , I suggest you tell them .
tr	11	Unfortunately for Logan , the man 's instinct had been to drive a short dagger into my companion 's arm .
tr	9	I ponder all the little snacks scurrying up the trees and weaving through the plants .
tr	10	They were the last two riders to carefully drive away .
tr	6	The estate comprised the Manor House , stables and outhouses as well as one hundred and thirty acres of land .
tr	11	She hoped that was all it had .
tr	5	Chapter 5 A Trap For A Thief Chapter 6 Confession Chapter 7 On The Trail Of A Cart Chapter 8 Captured !
tr	6	Once a year , Marty told me , Carter played a clown in the County Sheriff Charity Circus .
tr	6	I wouldn 't of minded , you understand , I had all the proper training .
tr	9	" Be nice , partner , or I 'll cut the rope and let you and Frank Sinatra float off .
tr	8	We could have gone away to Germany or Canada together .
tr	6	Taking her advice , Rift jogs forward into the vast emptiness .
tr	7	They were bringing Gavin , too ?
tr	6	Ethan smiled and thanked them again with a broad smile .
tr	8	We lied to ourselves to ignore his existence . "
tr	8	Jimmy 's always been a bride 's maid and he 's past due having his own command .
tr	8	Leather cord and clasp look out of place ... too modern Dashes and dots in a pattern on the front .
tr	10	The wound healed but for a long time afterwards Nina wondered what exactly had frightened the dog off ?
tr	8	" They were probably hungry if that 's any consolation . "
tr	8	To display her attributes before other men was not good at all .
tr	10	" Okay , kid , it 's obviously time to cut to the chase .
tr	6	" But it just goes to a recording . "
tr	5	Now , the hall , the workshops , and even the barn were all changed .
tr	10	" Did I just hear a hint of cynicism ?
tr	7	I fought my way towards her new position and then I saw the flashing red and blue outside the main entrance .
tr	9	Claire realised she was on her own .
tr	7	We would not restrain you against your will .
tr	10	He had to quit doing that .
tr	10	" I believe we 'll end up in heaven .
tr	11	This would be hard to explain to the police .
tr	8	Because no other place has incorporated another country 's cooking into their own recipes ' and made them unique .
tr	6	The wonderful , glorious black hat Dad gave me as a gift .
tr	6	Then , the ice melts into elimination into the albino tree forest , on the first level .
tr	8	The noise of a screeching door opening high above their heads made them look up .
tr	7	' That 's the beauty of it .
tr	9	" Finer , perhaps , but a bit small for modesty , don 't you think ? "
tr	5	" Buy a lonely girl a drink ? "
tr	7	Presently she was glaring through a doorway upon a weird scene .
tr	9	Blowing grit from its surface , Tarleton was shocked by what he held .
tr	6	" You , " he gasped , " you , you ... " " I told you . "
tr	9	" Oh , anything is possible , I 'm just saying it 's not probable . "
tr	9	Call and see if they have a vacancy and have one of our chaps stay over .
tr	5	" Let 's go and see , " Miriam whispered .
tr	8	' Get in the van , ' Calvin yelled but the stunned women didn 't move .
tr	7	" They dared not pass through the plain and plunge into the forest beyond .
tr	9	He watched his men from the kitchen window as they fed and watered their horses .
tr	11	We shall do are part by casting spells . "
tr	9	Simultaneously , Hyperion crashed through the rear room of the motel , smashing through the wall into the shapeshifter 's room .
tr	9	The only vivid memory Simon had of his dad was playing together in the water at the beach .
tr	11	The man held the can to his lips and tilted his head back , trying to drain the precious moisture out .
tr	11	Made me sad to ruin it . "
tr	8	His tunic is ruined and he has nothing else to wear .
tr	9	Even the wood intrigued her , its bright gloss testimony to thousands of supplicants ' knees .
tr	10	" I seek the one who seeks the Light , " the Prince gasped out .
tr	9	" There are caves in the sides of the mountains .
tr	9	But Kurt 's verdict needs to be carried out .
tr	7	Connor smiled at the mother and father and laid out his towel and lied down .
tr	7	Her sword disappeared into the man 's chest .
tr	6	Betta 's horrible wailing scream grew higher and higher .
tr	11	She is out of hospital and staying as a guest at the Inspector 's home .
tr	8	The shock of actually killing men was dulled by heart-stopping fear .
tr	10	he pointed to the far wall as he fumbled through his desk for tape and tossed it to her .
tr	6	" Just for a short while , " Mana said .
tr	6	The sound of cabin doors opening cut the tender moment short .
tr	9	Will I ever be able to trust people again ?
tr	8	He kept his back to his friends , so they wouldn 't see he was a bit scared now himself .
tr	6	Ryan died because of me .
tr	11	It was all she remembered it was !
tr	9	You need to get going . "
tr	6	She has made a fair ruling , given the Heavenly Chapters ' ambiguity .
tr	9	A huge spotlight swept back and forth until it stopped on me .
tr	9	Where his head had been was nothing but a shattered pulp , like a watermelon dropped on a concrete sidewalk .
tr	9	Since he could walk , his father had been teaching him and molding him into the perfect soldier .
tr	9	" I know the sea , and -- " " There are other ways of travelling , " Mana said .
tr	7	" More like crazy , in my opinion , " Bax said with a grin on his face .
tr	9	Are you familiar with it ? "
tr	5	The new clothes were a great improvement .
tr	10	They were so focused on their play that they did not even look up .
tr	9	Aria looks at Jason 's desk critically then glances at Jason with a raised eyebrow .
tr	6	My wife experienced the same symptoms lah " , the Inspector said sadly .
tr	10	Andy stood rooted to the spot still fighting his own battle with his bladder .
tr	7	Our opponents ' faces turned red , and the lieutenant took another step back , his placating hands spread outwards .
tr	10	I always knew the Public Representative was tall , but I wasn 't prepared for him to be a giant .
tr	5	Lo takes a long , hollow breath .
tr	9	You 're still going to use that word ? "
tr	11	Johnny brightened as if having found a partner in crime .
tr	11	Other tribes , other nations , would all turn to watch , alert for any flaw .
tr	8	" Planning on staying long ? "
tr	5	" You knew my mother ? "
tr	5	The Tarantula balanced delicately on the back of his hand .
tr	9	" If that is what you wish , Lord Rafe . "
tr	10	" Sounds like this one was raised old ways , Jules .
tr	7	I swung my own weapon about , facing him .
tr	8	Doesn 't he think this is funny ?
tr	10	We don 't need some sort of umbilical cord to forever connect us with Houston .
tr	8	I was subjected to a long and penetrating stare .
tr	11	They pulled up in front of an old farm house , surrounded by trees .
tr	8	Warm light shone out , breaking up from the myriad tiny panes .
tr	8	His coffee mug struck the floor , ejecting its contents in a graceful wave .
tr	11	You 're not big on hospitality are you ?
tr	6	He was a big man and despite his size and reputation was surprisingly gentle .
tr	6	" I 'm not my father , I merely bear his name . "
tr	6	One by one , candles lit up all the way through this new underground passage .
tr	10	I should have made Tobias get out of the front .
tr	10	You don 't want to go in there . "
tr	8	" I suppose you 're right .
tr	10	William stood , not 3 feet away from his friend , whose death he had agonized over for months .
tr	8	" If looks could kill , I 'd be long dead , " she continued .
tr	9	She reached to hit reject but made a sudden decision to connect the call .
tr	10	The metaphor is too simplistic : a physical transformation that embodies the inner evolution .
tr	7	In contrast to the east wing , the west wing was bland .
tr	7	There 's threats of war ? "
tr	8	" They are , very unpleasant , " replied Rafe stiffly .
tr	11	There is no set schedule you have to follow .
tr	8	I never wanted to be a Chosen One , you know , save the Earth . "
tr	7	But it all demanded a constant supply of energy .
tr	10	Turning to her , he saw she too had stood up and was applauding as loudly as the men .
tr	7	That was a dream and nothing more than a dream .
tr	9	" That makes you just as guilty as he is .
tr	8	Then I waited only a few moments before chasing you .
tr	8	" This is not part of the plan , " the young woman murmured to Sofia secretly .
tr	7	" So now my tax dollars are heading to the UN ? "
tr	6	The junior demon literally crumpled : " We ... " He stuttered . "
tr	7	Until this very moment , she had not remembered it , but even if she had , there were no words .
tr	9	We are on our way to help . "
tr	9	She swatted the man 's arm and said something Muhammad couldn 't understand .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	9	When they got bored with that they tossed the crops on the ground and explored the rest of the stable .
tr	10	THAT 'S WHAT I MEANT TO SAY .
tr	9	" I thought you 'd set a date or something .
tr	10	Adele turned eyes that sparkled with excitement toward him .
tr	6	The massively bright snowball in front was as big as ten stars .
tr	7	' The bartender mentioned a name at the canal last night , ' said Reid .
tr	11	I wanted to say so much more as the questions piled up .
tr	6	Oh well , maybe someone will slip and break an arm .
tr	11	He gasped as the blackness came alive with red points of light .
tr	7	Instead , I pushed my plate away , shoved my chair into the table , and left the room .
tr	11	They 'll do whatever Dave tells them to do . "
tr	10	The cold made its own gnawing presence known as their fingers and feet quickly grew numb .
tr	7	With tears pricking her eyes she followed Sky 's lead and placed the candle on the stand .
tr	7	Looping her hand in his arm , she walked next to him , supporting him .
tr	10	My gaze strayed to the blood dripping down Reid 's left arm as we continued running north .
tr	11	Nothing would change the fact that they were bound together ; he might as well accept it .
tr	8	He never gave in to the demanding men and she loved him even more .
tr	10	Matthew said , grimacing in spite of himself .
tr	9	He warned me , he told me not to become worse than my enemies .
tr	7	suggested George giving Jennie a questioning look .
tr	9	" How does it feel to actually be king ? "
tr	7	The Prince fell to his knees , his whole body suddenly numb .
tr	11	As she approached , she could see the rear bumper of a car protruding from it .
tr	9	His curiosity was overpowering his instinct to flee .
tr	6	The lush carpets , the velvet curtains , the marble statues , the myriads of exquisite paintings , the chandeliers !
tr	7	I care about you two and I miss you terribly but things between us are too complicated .
tr	9	Its contests of swordplay and piety act as arbiters between us and help us find our leader .
tr	7	Aware of their hunger now , they urged the horses forward , and they were soon at the bluff .
tr	5	" Good heavens , " an elderly man stammered .
tr	9	" Then there seems little else to decide upon , " stated Rafe , breaking the silence .
tr	8	It worked out perfect -- Oblivion girl plus one .
tr	7	" How long before they don 't even need to ?
tr	10	She broke off happily , " What are you doing here ?
tr	10	She seemed to have forgotten about them .
tr	11	Maybe he wouldn 't have to grow up after all ... Hawaii sounded nice .
tr	10	Blood had soaked into the waistband of his trousers and sweat beaded his pale face .
tr	9	" I wouldn 't sleep tonight if I were you . "
tr	8	It is the most difficult aspect to conceal .
tr	10	" The people like to see criminals get their justice . "
tr	10	' You know how I feel about underground spaces , ' he muttered .
tr	6	Right now they were in a meeting room just off the command deck .
tr	7	Abby checked her locator and started through the forest .
tr	10	Don 't cheat us out of that brain power by worrying it to paralysis .
tr	8	We 've sent blood samples down to the Forensic Science Service in London .
tr	7	Seconds later , we divided into pairs and headed off in different directions .
tr	5	" Yeah , " Austin agreed .
tr	8	' Sure , there 's time , ' Amy said checking her watch but wondering why .
tr	9	' Victim is resident at the address , white female , late seventies .
tr	11	Standing with her hands on her hips , her unimpressed expression seems to ask what the intruder could possibly want .
tr	8	There are twelve more cans of the same coffee in there that you like so much .
tr	9	Unseen they quickly sliced through the Turks ' saddle straps and the latter fell like sacks of potatoes .
tr	8	Cobb and Chris got out of the car and made their way across the dunes and down to the wreck .
tr	6	He visited her so often , but the hurt never left , never numbed .
tr	9	Meyer rose from the other side of the table and walked to the window .
tr	9	I don 't know , but I now know a man that does .
tr	9	Somewhere in the crowd , Ken Goodspeed was suddenly swamped by a pack of protestors .
tr	9	I knew it was starting once again .
tr	9	He won 't take this thing with Harry and Peter lying down you know .
tr	9	He crossed and bent to pick it up .
tr	10	Is there no way we can divert that income without those papers ?
tr	6	The two young men followed the herd and blended in very well .
tr	9	The group made their way down to where the vehicle commanders waited .
tr	10	" We could build out from the middle and put four welding crews to work simultaneously . "
tr	8	It was an undignified way to die .
tr	9	He went out the front gate up to the mighty willow tree in front of Lilly Ann 's house .
tr	9	He spread his arms wide , indicating the empty seats near him .
tr	9	She cannot fight if the same bony figure appeared again .
tr	8	He said he came alone , like . "
tr	11	There is a small tram station where an open travel tram is waiting for them .
tr	6	Relentless torrents of misery pissed from swollen black clouds above the treetops .
tr	10	His lips mouthed words I couldn 't hear but I assumed were prayers .
tr	9	Which , of course made sense , because only he could see the illusion .
tr	10	She 'd returned to the castle in such a weary state , she scarcely remembers finding her bed .
tr	7	The first story I ever wrote was about them .
tr	8	His nostrils flared and his face turned the color of a brilliant sunset .
tr	9	They 've come to bring me back .
tr	6	Friedrich waits a minute , then quickly opens the door , startling Timothy .
tr	10	If you want to see her again you 'll cooperate with me . "
tr	11	" It is possible to make the journey in less than a day , if we ride hard . "
tr	7	But he said : " You 're right .
tr	10	" You are upon occasion useful to me , Bron . "
tr	5	UNS Ares Mars Orbit March 13th , 2028 " Get some kip , Mike .
tr	8	As one , the horses flew through the final movement of their ballet .
tr	10	" Crew functionality is secondary to defense of the ship , " the Warrior AI suddenly decides .
tr	9	" Look what we found in an old fur coat in the attic . "
tr	7	" Well , of course they do , " VIN drunkenly replied accepting the umpteenth beer .
tr	11	" I don 't know what 's going on , but I know I 've made a horrible mistake . "
tr	7	" It happened right after he retired .
tr	7	Sorry to barge in , but he wanted independent confirmation . "
tr	9	He looked at her , holding his arm and breathing shallowly ... ... she was close to death .
tr	5	" Nineteen or twenty , maybe more , I don 't know ! "
tr	7	Those few left with paranormal abilities stayed in show business , fled the country or just disappeared .
tr	8	" What isn 't for sensitive ears , Robert ?
tr	10	The bomb was set to detonate less than forty-eight hours from now .
tr	10	Mai points out , sensing the boy 's anxiousness to engage .
tr	11	He also greeted individuals warmly and talked easily , but to Nathan looked tired .
tr	9	As she skims the surface of the water , an explosive blast of noise follows her .
tr	9	He laughed and turned back to the street to walk home .
tr	9	Immediately the young dragon begins taking pictures and scanning for signals .
tr	5	" Ah , so there is a mercenary soul deep down inside . "
tr	6	Hawk spat , responding , " Well , they 're not weird ways to them .
tr	9	At first , he could not comprehend the papers , or his new title as land owner .
tr	7	What you have seen is part of that charge .
tr	6	Just as much as any father and mother give birth and life to their child . '
tr	9	Your fiction mind is getting the better of you brother dear . "
tr	8	That was before I met Shireen .
tr	9	Malcolm grimaced and I took this to be bad news .
tr	6	To his immediate right , a set of narrow , wedge-shaped steps rose in a vertical spiral to the second floor .
tr	10	Where Cletus had been standing just a second ago , there was now just his hat and axe .
tr	9	He was sure she wasn 't OK .
tr	7	he said , nudging her fiercely .
tr	6	The muffled thudding of his heart , the gurgling of his stomach , the creaking and popping of his joints .
tr	7	To save your life . "
tr	6	And she is ze most wonderful teacher .
tr	10	said Ponder , struggling to keep up .
tr	9	I guess you haven 't forgiven me , " as I choked her with my one good arm .
tr	7	Jonesy looked down at his coffee , and then chose a second pastry .
tr	11	Lilly Ann got on her feet signaling that this picnic had run its course .
tr	11	There were more guards placed at the entrance of the palisade , and more warriors manned the towers .
tr	5	I already started the fire .
tr	10	" I think you 're already a little attracted to her .
tr	8	he said defensively in the face of our stares .
tr	11	At that very moment the Cossacks were getting ready to rescue the hostages from the Turks .
tr	10	Marie was waiting as John arrived home from work .
tr	7	Turning back to Gan , she held a shaft at both ends with her fingertips , rotating it rapidly .
tr	10	" Guys , sooner or later she 's gon na find out , " Stacy said .
tr	11	I needed to get away from all of them .
tr	7	The big man motioned for him to approach , and the Prince did .
tr	6	A bit like hostages or people stranded on a broken bus .
tr	6	Then , at age thirty-six , the yen for excitement caught up with him .
tr	7	He finally realized where he was .
tr	9	They also realized again that something , or someone , was so obviously directing this man .
tr	10	He then settled back into the soft furs that covered his chair .
tr	6	As he did , his eyes wandered to a large oak tree in the distance .
tr	9	" Isn 't it a saint 's own list I have meself ? "
tr	8	He started to laugh , putting the pledged on my forehead .
tr	10	I asked Connie , if she felt up to a trip tomorrow weather permitting ?
tr	8	" The city gate must be closed at night .
tr	6	right in this very pub , drugs , guns , girls , boys ... ... anything .
tr	7	" Don 't worry , " said Hailey , " they 'll do something to help . "
tr	11	Do you know what this means ? "
tr	5	I wipe my nose again .
tr	8	" Let 's eat , guys , " John said , pulling his parents down the street .
tr	8	The most frightening thing I 've ever met is you ! "
tr	9	" Of course there are problems with sending a messenger .
tr	6	You 're probably freaking out right now . "
tr	11	" He was the only person out there who could come up with interesting , unique ideas . "
tr	10	" Yes , Cloak , do you have a question of me ? "
tr	7	There was something clearly quite evil about the crow and it gave out weird cries .
tr	8	Inside were the usual closed sterile rooms , this time five of them .
tr	9	And not likely any better from whoever you stole them from . "
tr	8	Her diminutive figure was interestingly conspicuous among the brawny , battle toughened men all around .
tr	11	It was unheard of for a Guardian to be summoned that soon .
tr	9	I believe he died of terror . "
tr	8	Eat and rest as much as you 'd like .
tr	10	" Ok , what do we have ? "
tr	7	" We had everyone under surveillance ... . .
tr	11	What made you think it would ? '
tr	6	By the time he regained his composure , it was too late .
tr	8	These girls ' clothes are worth more than our entire farm , Lucius !
tr	5	' So , what 's our next move ? '
tr	8	" Look , in that forest in the distance , there they are , " said Ben .
tr	8	Navi teases , her mocking words drowned out by the beating of hooves until now .
tr	9	The Prince coughed to clear his throat , and felt an arm wrap around his shoulders .
tr	9	She didn 't think it worked very well .
tr	7	The three fell silent , and Mark 's gaze alternated between Jon and Kimberly .
tr	8	The other quickly followed , but Phillip made them stand .
tr	11	He is old enough to look after himself , " admonished the mother .
tr	6	Last night , down at the lodge , he just stayed in his room .
tr	8	A young woman wearing a torn lab coat and lying on the deck cries out in terror .
tr	11	You know it 's the right thing to do . "
tr	11	It was going to be his retirement gift to himself and his boys .
tr	7	She slid her small , sticky hand into his proffered one and he squeezed it .
tr	6	" You can do it ! "
tr	10	" Better than being an idiot for free . "
tr	7	The Prince tensed , but the dusted settled and the building remained standing .
tr	8	" It 's okay , you saved me again , " Rift conveys , getting back to his feet .
tr	5	" Yes , that one , put that one on . "
tr	7	" ... and then through the Pass and onto Vale . "
tr	9	It seemed as though Garden Grave had buried one last body .
tr	9	' No Mod Plate ' she squeaked -- the port rudder peddle was trying to give her a tracheotomy .
tr	9	I 'd never seen this side of Malcolm , all business and no play .
tr	5	" You know , " Taylor broke the silence .
tr	5	With a trembling whisper , Matthew said , " I. . .
tr	6	" No , that was an instruction , not an explanation . "
tr	11	There 's something you need to know . "
tr	8	Zeal was many things but reserved was not one of them .
tr	7	The girls all remained steadfastly silent in support .
tr	9	Connor felt tears rush to his eyes .
tr	11	" That is , I 'll hold onto it myself for the moment . "
tr	8	" Your friend could benefit from some manners , but that is hardly my concern .
tr	6	Within moments , their horses carried them directly up to a huge hacienda style house .
tr	9	She knew one thing above all else : the child stirring inside her would be High King .
tr	7	All she wanted was a coffee or maybe a gin and tonic , and some silence .
tr	10	Bob asked realizing what Ryan and his two guys were holding .
tr	8	She needs to be found .
tr	9	It occurred to him he 'd never smelled air so pure .
tr	10	And with that they both disappeared with the aid of the glasses .
tr	5	The reflection of light off the polished crystal of his watch snagged her attention .
tr	8	The one whose little whore your friend is helping even now . "
tr	10	" By the paving , I 'd say that 's a good guess ; it 's the right road .
tr	8	Up front , forcing a passage through particularly thick mixed growth , Falconer gave a surprised grunt and stopped .
tr	7	She came back with coffee and sat down .
tr	7	So just as before , we mix a little water with the dirt and place it under the microscope .
tr	10	She 'd never admit it to a soul , but storms like these made her actually wish for land .
tr	5	" Just like all the other men I 've ever known . "
tr	9	The question needed no answer , so Mark just nodded then looked down .
tr	7	he took her hands in his ... . .
tr	8	Landon looked as though he couldn 't breathe .
tr	7	Roberto stood over the maps and studied them , but Pierre knew him .
tr	8	He tugged the duvet from his face and pulled himself up , supporting himself on the pillows .
tr	10	She shouts , though it is significantly quieter due to the strain .
tr	6	John rolled down his window and stuck his head out .
tr	9	He reached for the glass of warm water on his night stand and swallowed another pain killer .
tr	11	I know I should have just sent him away .
tr	5	Just love those little guys .
tr	8	They 're extinct now in Tasmania , but there 's almost a million left in Australia .
tr	5	" Wait , wait , wait , " I said excitedly .
tr	10	She was sure that one trunk would be more than enough .
tr	7	He must kill them both .
tr	7	Jake , suddenly confident , a softness to his voice , said with a smile .
tr	11	He was looking for information , and Kurt had a bad feeling he had provided it .
tr	5	" How long will the training phase last ? "
tr	6	At last , Phillip turned us further off the road .
tr	10	I could never have wanted her to see this .
tr	6	" Three or four broken ribs , a battered face , and a back that looks like raw meat . "
tr	7	And no one , not even God , Himself , can take it away from me . "
tr	8	" There 's something wrong with their energy .
tr	6	Anyway , I hang with the cool kids .
tr	11	I told you I would take care , did I not ? "
tr	10	It was hard to tell with them .
tr	10	Do what you need to do .
tr	10	" I 'm so going to die of boredom . "
tr	7	In the center of the legal memorabilia was a picture frame -- a plain silver rectangle holding a professional black-and-white portrait .
tr	7	The lady was Queen Elizabeth and the child on her arms was my great grandmother .
tr	6	" Same way as you , I guess , " said Gregor , finding his voice .
tr	7	You 're sweet , 007 , but you never leave the building , " Jenny said .
tr	7	The European explorers had landed in North America more than once .
tr	6	" Not from the prison , " Talbott rebutted and I felt the tension in the room rise immediately .
tr	9	He had not spent much time with the children in several weeks .
tr	9	" The limo will be waiting downstairs for you . "
tr	10	The shop was closed due to the Extravaganza , and the man wearing the apron had broken the lock .
tr	7	I put down Gabe 's PSP and look out the window .
tr	10	" But I guess we best go have a look just the same . "
tr	10	In the twenty short minutes it took to drive to the lodge she imposed her will .
tr	8	Jimmy pouted and resumed eating his fries .
tr	10	Left it there in the dirt at his feet where it had always been .
tr	10	As he began to move music began to play .
tr	11	" I 'm sorry it has come to this .
tr	7	Several of the men 's blackened , bare feet twitched only a few inches away from the food .
tr	6	* * * Avril 's eighteenth birthday was only a few days away .
tr	8	Andy was taken aback by Archie 's attitude .
tr	11	SWEAT hero shouted back : " We will soon find out what is wrong !
tr	9	Once the fear and uncertainty of the threat ended , negative talk started circulating about David 's actions .
tr	6	A heartbeat later , the engine sprang into life with a sharp , high-pitched screech .
tr	7	Could he be chasing a ghost through the mountain passes ?
tr	5	" Yes , I do , " she says slowly .
tr	5	Well , at least this time , it wasn 't entirely her fault .
tr	10	Still , clinging to a toy for all these years has done nothing to help him mature .
tr	7	I don 't feel tired no more . "
tr	8	" My husband is still in there , " Ellen protested as she climbed in .
tr	11	She said holding the urge to strangle him .
tr	6	A haunted , shattered face stared at them across a littered , rough desk .
tr	10	It takes me a second after the beep to gather my bearings .
tr	7	" I 'll help Anna , " said Christy .
tr	7	" Jes a spot a hygiene , is all .
tr	10	" Did he tell you we didn 't report what happened to Ruben ? "
tr	7	A woman was screaming , " Thief ! "
tr	6	It was a small boy , probably no older than about six or seven .
tr	10	Reid was lying stiffly next to the bank of industrial sewing machines .
tr	5	No loaf of bread on the counter .
tr	8	For reminding him of that , Chris was grateful .
tr	10	Adele 's eyes smiled into hers , and Rafe was surprised by a vague idea that her gaze held reassurance .
tr	6	The mattress shifted under his weight .
tr	6	Gabe releases the puppy , and then I forget everything .
tr	10	" Well no ... she wasn 't there so ... " " What ?
tr	10	And the first sight of the Prince - and the knowledge , the certainty , that he could be redeemed .
tr	8	" The engineers were over by the port launch door when I saw them last . "
tr	8	" I 'll help you find him , Brand .
tr	8	" You can 't get a buzz from liquor anymore , Johnny . "
tr	7	" A physically identical briefcase was used in that bombing .
tr	8	The two guards with the giant 's body wheeled it out .
tr	7	He looked away and strained his ears for any sounds from another carriage .
tr	10	If you continue to think while you fight .
tr	10	" Well he should have thought of that before he took the skull .
tr	8	Probably sooner than we think . "
tr	5	" It went out the window .
tr	10	Finan listened as the prowler pulled himself upright and set the stool to rights .
tr	5	So we , the Protestant business community , supported wholeheartedly the Volunteers .
tr	11	She staggered as he helped her upright and fell against him , trembling violently .
tr	7	Chatting and smiling and gently nudging , Sarah got him off the porch and into the cart .
tr	11	I found the cardinal rule of fashion transitioned directly over to bounty hunting : accessorize , accessorize , accessorize .
tr	7	" Ooooo , " Missy said , " I know what those are .
tr	5	Well the farther back you go , the more static , interference and just plain gaps there are .
tr	5	" That 's a good thing . "
tr	7	Maggie introduced her to the two nurses , Ursula and Pia , and the two administrative assistants , Trina and Sylvie .
tr	5	" Indeed we did , " Drew answered pleasantly .
tr	11	Dawn came on the heel of these thoughts , and he realized he had come to no conclusion .
tr	6	Both girls nodded , gave him hugs and kisses , and plodded up the stairs .
tr	5	" What did you just say ? "
tr	8	His brows were furrowed , the lines on his face hardened .
tr	11	As he drifted off , he smiled and thought of what Riki had said to him earlier .
tr	8	" But I don 't quite understand it all , " Alex admitted .
tr	10	I didn 't know why I told him that .
tr	11	The image shifted to churches , packed to overflowing , and meetings being held in fields .
tr	9	Aimee opened her mouth to speak but a gunshot rang out , echoing in the small chamber .
tr	7	Currently they think they do .
tr	8	" We had to be certain . "
tr	9	And with him went his true and loyal friends : the snake and the dog .
tr	9	He laughed ; a deep , rich chuckle and called out to the guests , " Come !
tr	11	Alejo felt the girl 's rapid breathing as he set his jaw and pulled her back tighter against his chest .
tr	5	That 's my friend there !
tr	10	If proven and he could be tied to the Chinese embassy his , life expectancy would be considerably shortened .
tr	7	Alex picked up the sandwich bag and tore the box free .
tr	8	Whoever did that is very , very strong .
tr	8	Sofia chuckled by the way the Pygmies dance and sway their undersized arms .
tr	5	' Here goes , ' murmured the Bastian tech .
tr	7	He took a gulp of his coffee .
tr	9	Are you listening to me ? "
tr	5	' Through a time portal , ' she said , simply .
tr	10	At this rate I was going to die from second hand smoking .
tr	9	Her hair fell to her waist , and was chestnut brown with shimmers of red .
tr	5	" Frank is all right ! "
tr	10	We will take it slow , learn first what the situation is and then I will decide how to proceed .
tr	10	" You are in no position to disobey me . "
tr	5	Then away again , just like Trevor had done the day before .
tr	6	A breathlessness overtook Brand , and sudden joy filled him .
tr	5	Just point the Spear and say the words . "
tr	8	" No , no , it 's very important , " he says without looking up .
tr	10	The tall grasses made it difficult to see any one .
tr	5	The rain is a faint mist .
tr	7	Just a couple for a fella your size could stop your heart . "
tr	7	He rushed to the old train trunk and opened it .
tr	11	" We 're on a military base which is on an island .
tr	7	In my world , Peyton had packed and gone back to the States .
tr	7	Monday morning came , and I woke with a major Spy Games hangover .
tr	8	Kaylie finished putting the broccoli in the pot .
tr	8	You want some of my drink and hot dog ? "
tr	9	Would you displease Him to fulfill an oath to your mother ? "
tr	7	" We are all well , thank you . "
tr	9	" I can 't do that over an unsecured line , sir .
tr	8	She 'd been hunting once before , and it had left her cold .
tr	8	This time the three men in front of him were the Tunisian guards and his friend Andre .
tr	11	The only thing he didn 't have to do was prepare the body itself .
tr	11	Thank you God for letting me be here .
tr	10	Like someone who is burning copper .
tr	10	I tried to call for help , but my voice came out hoarse and raspy .
tr	8	" I 'll go find something for a fire .
tr	8	As Simon and Beppe left the restaurant , Kiara called out to wait a moment .
tr	6	Of course , he had many regrets , the Containment Pens particularly .
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	10	' What do you wan na do with him ? '
tr	7	" I have never done this before , Mr. Clancy .
tr	11	They did have some food , which they shared with me .
tr	9	It was Adele 's turn to look surprised .
tr	9	At sunset , it 'd be my turn to go .
tr	6	Once , twice , three times , each effort widening a spider web pattern on the asphalt .
tr	9	She was holding on tightly to the man 's left hand .
tr	9	" I am ready to go , " said Wounded Eagle .
tr	9	" How do you mean to seek him ? "
tr	7	Even if he still didn 't like Mark .
tr	6	" Don 't ask , " The Author said , " It 'll explain itself later . "
tr	9	Adele bit her lip , feeling a sudden rush of pity for her betrothed .
tr	8	Also , there were rarely any witnesses to the actual episode , just events before and after .
tr	7	" In a nutshell , Mr. Jones , " replied Ryan smiling .
tr	6	" The little man is right , " he said to the others .
tr	9	You 'll have to come closer . "
tr	5	" Orange , " she said finally .
tr	11	The board was splattered with hydraulic fluid and the bench littered with tools and binders .
tr	8	He ticked the questions off one by one on his thin fingers .
tr	9	Some of the spark in Alejo 's hazel eyes faded .
tr	10	" Have you got to get back to work ?
tr	10	Thinking of the naked body in his bed made his own to act in arousal , but that had to wait .
tr	6	' Thing is , I landed in the French Riviera with some savings .
tr	5	" No thanks Sander , she 's not my type . "
tr	8	Callum feigned a grin of surprised delight .
tr	10	Her port side rested on a series of ramps spaced evenly apart .
tr	11	" Archie , is that what I think it is ? "
tr	7	" Yes , sir , I had a Ghost Walker check it out .
tr	6	A stupid meaningless fling , truthfully , but he knew Misty would not like or understand it .
tr	11	" I think that it was difficult for us both at first , " she ventured at last .
tr	9	To Scott 's surprise , she climbed into the bed of the truck and came toward him .
tr	6	Straightening himself , he tore at her clothing .
tr	9	The arousal she sensed in him made her forget everyone else .
tr	9	The Southern California desert air cooled rapidly once the sun slipped behind the Santa Ana Mountains .
tr	8	Before he could turn he heard David fire the shotgun to his left .
tr	7	" When I get a chance , " Martin said , " I 'll show you . "
tr	7	She didn 't dare glance at them .
tr	5	I needed a new disguise .
tr	7	James wildly swung his miniature short sword at me and I barely ducked and ran for my life .
tr	7	I was only fourteen or fifteen , but the pilots were from the Rat Pack era .
tr	5	" You have such a lovely figure . "
tr	7	He got up and walked over to Johnny .
tr	9	Tell people I 'm pregnant .
tr	8	Just seeing his big brown eyes , so seemingly understanding , filled her with a kind of comfort .
tr	11	Here 's what I think we should do .
tr	9	Archie only laughed at the suggestion that they should have them .
tr	9	I don 't want to bring her trouble .
tr	8	And they fed him lentil soup and pita .
tr	5	" Not necessarily easier , " she explained , " just different .
tr	8	Suddenly there were two more muffled shots from the house and lights were coming on all over .
tr	9	Their reason for coming to the Shrine echoed in her mind .
tr	7	" So you see the problem in it . "
tr	9	I was going to kill him .
tr	7	" You 're wearing the same jeans from yesterday . "
tr	7	" What do you want with me ?
tr	7	After a while , I finally got out of the water feeling groggy and heavy like a sponge .
tr	10	Andy got out of the car a little awkwardly , not really knowing what to say .
tr	5	Not just vases and plates , but also chairs , tables , even mirrors ! '
tr	11	Wiping as much as he could off his lenses , Neil began to curse steadily to himself as he inched along .
tr	6	" I 'm Davin , " the little boy said proudly .
tr	8	" You still want to do this ? "
tr	6	" Who are Jack and Joe Jack ? "
tr	10	Make sure you get there okay . "
tr	7	Now , what are your plans for today ? "
tr	6	" Your plan won 't work , " Lance declares confidently .
tr	10	" Don 't make me go back in time and kick your thirteen-year-old butt ! "
tr	10	Could it be that the spirits from last night are catching up to you ? "
tr	10	This snow -- deep even for the uplands -- slowed them down immensely , preventing them from gaining shelter .
tr	11	" Officially I 'm here to learn the new route , although I know it already .
tr	11	That was easier said than done .
tr	10	Connor finally saw what he had been looking for .
tr	8	" That bear roared all night , or at least part of it .
tr	5	" Who 's the ten then ? "
tr	6	" You will be well ? "
tr	5	All the same , your undying affection is still apparent .
tr	7	Neil spoke with enthusiasm , and Riki looked at him , astonished .
tr	11	Are you trying to bewitch me ? "
tr	10	I thought he 'd agreed with me .
tr	9	" Wait here ... sir , " as he walked off .
tr	10	The boss gave us strict orders to look after your sorry asses .
tr	11	" You won 't have time to get up to the Route 68 bridge and then come back down .
tr	7	Alexa swung her legs out of the Cherokee and I helped her stand .
tr	11	She could see stars twinkling , even though the sun had not fully set .
tr	8	Shaken , I stumbled away until I found my table .
tr	8	" Everyone knows what to do ? "
tr	10	" I guess that 's understandable considering the circumstances . "
tr	7	No one felt like talking .
tr	10	" I 'm going to make a tribute to your story .
tr	8	He leapt into its back and hovered down the smoldering ocean of flame .
tr	8	Remembering the " restroom bucket " quickly eliminated his erection and he made his way back up on deck .
tr	9	He threw his arm up and pointed to the ocean in front of them .
tr	7	A wall of bricks and plaster obstructed our path : the cloud of dust was only just settling .
tr	8	Then he began to shrink , transforming into his giant form .
tr	8	But not in these regions , " Ethan pointed at two other areas of the map .
tr	5	" What did you ever do ? "
tr	8	Her years settled on her all at once , forcing her shoulders into a wearied slump .
tr	6	" You see , I can 't even make a paper horsey ! "
tr	9	So you are free now to do my will more than ever ? "
tr	6	The last words came out as a guilty mumble .
tr	6	Kara spotted a short , rounded , African American female nurse , with perfect cornrows all in a line .
tr	11	Many of them worked in the fields bringing in crops or tending to live stock .
tr	8	What did surviving my seventeenth death mean ?
tr	9	I don 't know of many other things you could say that about nowadays , " Ted said .
tr	7	It will not be easy ; we have effectively introduced martial law , well , almost .
tr	10	A voice in the back of the Prince 's head told him not to enter ... but he ignored it .
tr	6	" Please stay seated , that is surely my other guest . "
tr	10	How could they not see two dark shapes moving along the ground in that bright starlight ?
tr	8	He tried to move but seemed pinned in the bed .
tr	7	Simon and Barbara had risen and gone to the piano .
tr	7	I crouched and ran my fingers over the cold metal door .
tr	5	These soldiers , however , appeared detached and unapproachable .
tr	7	Someone had killed the sentry ; they were inside with the ordinance .
tr	9	She could not allow a friend to die .
tr	8	Jess and Tori had nothing in common , yet they were best friends .
tr	8	SWEAT hero , being bored , stopped the car and pulled it over to the road 's nature strip .
tr	8	George , my husband , owns a security business specializing in oil field security .
tr	9	I was in the other room when I heard the sound and the short moan .
tr	8	We didn 't have time to argue .
tr	8	I will prepare a meal for you .
tr	11	And not just like I 'm struggling to recall something .
tr	9	I think that a shade of blue would be better . "
tr	6	The young man removed a flat , golden object from his pocket .
tr	8	Well , I 've had enough of this .
tr	7	Vulcan turned the corner immediately behind him and the two ran hard .
tr	6	Above the city and below the dark steely skies , disembodied white ghosts flew this way and that .
tr	8	" L ... Lars , we just met a month ago . "
tr	8	" Are you signed up ? "
tr	10	Tork was treating me like a prisoner under guard rather than an aid to Minister Drake .
tr	9	I 'll see you all the time and you can call me whenever you want .
tr	6	A tail and one wing sprouted from its back .
tr	8	I carefully twist over to my stomach and squint past the powerful flashlight beam .
tr	10	Rafe gazed into the terrified eyes of his quarry and knew him to be telling the truth .
tr	10	" I don 't think this is a good idea , " protested Megan .
tr	11	It is only now Link realizes the tables have turned .
tr	11	If we let them operate without consequence they just get bolder .
tr	7	Then one day the bubble burst and the crest of the wave fell from under them .
tr	8	Hell , I know it 's all wrong ! "
tr	9	The sun was beginning to set , and the light was fading even further .
tr	8	" Is this egg one of Ethel 's , do you think ?
tr	9	Somehow , because of her frailty he felt obligated to protect her .
tr	11	Out was easier said than done .
tr	10	A short walk that might just as well have taken forever brought them back to Lilly Ann 's house .
tr	10	But I didn 't even care anymore why Malcolm asked me on the date .
tr	8	Nineteen Nigel opened the refrigerator under his desk and grabbed a bottle of mineral water .
tr	8	Another followed and then a series of almost imperceptible shudders .
tr	6	" What if this wasn 't Peyton ? "
tr	10	" Don 't you worry ; I will go with the girl from the reception .
tr	9	He tried to shake this feeling off , but found it almost impossible to overcome .
tr	9	" We cross now and have him lead us to Aimee . "
tr	6	" After my mother ... disappeared , my grandfather took me under his wing .
tr	6	" True , " Jim said , " But we 're not much smarter .
tr	6	Their stream of French washed over me .
tr	8	Before I could utter a reply , the wooden door creaked open .
tr	8	When it all comes down to it even a witch is a human being .
tr	7	The guests have to arrive . "
tr	9	" That 's all you can do , big brother ?
tr	9	we 've done everything we can . "
tr	8	Kurt said , motioning at the pack .
tr	10	As with any flight project , all FAA rules and guidelines had to be strictly adhered to .
tr	9	Alejo made out Gabriel 's pale face at the front of the line .
tr	7	" Come on , " she said , grabbing his arm again .
tr	7	Head down , Amanda wandered back to her car and sat on the hood .
tr	7	" So you 've read the briefing paper from Dr. Francis ? "
tr	11	A single mistake could made you fell down to the jagged , sharp rocks below .
tr	7	" Either way she must be dressed appropriately . "
tr	8	" Yes , but I always knew that I would . "
tr	7	" Unless I am mistaken , this is your twentieth winter ? "
tr	9	I have to keep going .
tr	9	He 'd immediately flown back to Managua and was now awaiting instructions from George .
tr	9	I 'll be there as soon as I can .
tr	9	Do you have time ? "
tr	9	and Long Ben the pirate grimaced in disgust .
tr	5	" I have absolutely no idea . "
tr	8	A bit of help , if you please . "
tr	7	May I ask what your name is ? "
tr	6	" We did it , " Dagger declares happily over the speakers .
tr	11	Isn 't anyone going to say it ? "
tr	6	But - " Jocelyn brought the blade up in a swift , clean , cutting arc .
tr	7	I walk out to the balcony ; let the misting rain cool my skin .
tr	7	The wool blanket covered worn , striped sheets , and she ripped back the covers and fell inside .
tr	8	All his plans , all those years of carefully positioning everything could be ruined .
tr	7	They come back to the car and put the protective clothing into a large air tight container .
tr	8	It was turned into the pillow as if hiding from the brightness .
tr	8	" It means we are home now . "
tr	5	" But yeah , I saw him . "
tr	8	He was no better off than she was .
tr	8	" Steve ... " The people of Texas are great believers in the concept of individual rights .
tr	8	For a moment he closed his eyes , leaning his head back against the chair .
tr	10	Chilling horrors one stacked upon another until I became queasy .
tr	9	I want to go to a city .
tr	10	Seeming to come from within her .
tr	7	she said , burping slightly .
tr	9	He saw Sgt. Dreher floating down the companionway and waved him over as he activated the headset .
tr	7	At one stage , I opened my eyes and saw Anna at my side .
tr	9	Nobody knows you 're here , nobody can hear you down here and really nobody cares .
tr	8	" Let 's go back and regroup .
tr	7	replied the Dr. Stadler , now regaining his composure .
tr	8	She raised the gun and smoothly fired another couple of shots at the target .
tr	7	" How do we talk to these people ?
tr	10	Who 'd tried to protect her .
tr	7	The fields rolled down a hillside to a great big beach with white sand and surf crashing in .
tr	8	I glanced into Anna 's widening eyes and murmured , ' What do you mean ? '
tr	6	I panicked and cops scare me . "
tr	7	" Here , you had best lean on me . "
tr	7	Leah 's hand was suddenly over his mouth , and he looked at her in surprise .
tr	11	The ochre was the color they painted most of these old ships .
tr	7	" Aye , " Jenny nodded , " We have ample supplies of both . "
tr	11	Ted pushed the large double doors apart , holding them so that Melody could slip through .
tr	5	" So the FRU and the Vampire Council actually compare notes ? "
tr	8	The last area still receiving power outside the JP was General Sampson 's West Tennessee Republic to the south .
tr	9	Behind her she heard nothing but static as Jacobs went through the dials .
tr	6	* * * * " Oh , great , " Leo moaned , " a babysitter . "
tr	6	" Through here , then turn right , " Mai announces with an upbeat tone .
tr	8	Once he had died , several months ago , it hadn 't affected Miriam 's life very much .
tr	10	" I signed up as a soldier , not to be a spy behind enemy lines .
tr	11	Reckless was the word his father had been throwing around earlier .
tr	7	Everybody knows everyone in Ireland . "
tr	9	Next to it was a door , which Sarah hoped was to an indoor bathroom .
tr	8	The brothers also appeared to reflect and nodded in unison .
tr	8	I heard him mention Missile .
tr	9	I smiled , while I was eating slowly .
tr	5	After a moment it opens again .
tr	6	Normally , my vision was perfect , my mind was sharp and my body was agile and strong .
tr	6	I bent painfully over , said , " Put your damn hands down , " and was instantly obeyed .
tr	8	He was a belligerent drunk , she realized , and it was all directed at her .
tr	8	" Is this sort of thing common ? "
tr	11	When the study was built , he had shielding added to the walls , which hopefully protected his electronic privacy .
tr	9	I wished it would be quiet .
tr	8	Why the hell didn 't we return immediately to Sanctuary as I ordered ? "
tr	11	Then , as if gravity itself had taken over , their faces were drawn closer and closer to each other .
tr	8	" Why are you always so mean to your big brother , huh ?
tr	9	" I think all that can wait , George .
tr	10	Gavin trotted ahead of him , displaying all the energy and resilience of youth .
tr	7	" Yes , we 've got the ring , " answered Ben 's disembodied voice .
tr	7	Jason rises to his feet , his pistol gripped firmly in his hand .
tr	9	This lord shall have no equal among men and will vanquish them from the lands .
tr	10	As he bent forwards I threw the heel of my hand into his nose .
tr	8	" You drank quite a lot of the whisky , mostly from the bottle , then you started dancing .
tr	7	" I 'm looking for either Scott or Sidney Lyndon .
tr	5	" Well , at least we still have brute strength . "
tr	10	' Hi , ' she said taking hers from the counter without offering him one .
tr	9	It not only sounded like a crow , but also actually identified the caller as a Chickasaw brave .
tr	7	A woman is tipping a large watering can over the window box flowers .
tr	8	He hesitated for a moment , but that might have been the limp . "
tr	9	' Trust me , it 'll be the least of our problems if we meet any . '
tr	6	* * * " I like this one best , " Trace looked his brother over with a critical eye .
tr	10	Tasha seemed to be confused at her comment .
tr	8	she asked looking around the room .
tr	10	' Check what 's going on behind ze images .
tr	7	Gabe looks at me , tugs his shirt back down and smiles in this awkward , sheepish way .
tr	6	Jen took another pull on her pint .
tr	8	She hesitated , then repeated , " Just stay inside . "
tr	8	I told her not to come over .
tr	8	" No , silly , I didn 't know I could either .
tr	6	" He and eleven other monks performed the healing ritual upon the dead man .
tr	9	" It would please me if you would stay .
tr	5	' Mr Love , yes , hello , I recognise your voice . '
tr	9	This was our only chance to finally take him out .
tr	9	I used to believe in honor .
tr	9	" Damian , I know you can hear me .
tr	8	The side door to the building was open as they entered the office .
tr	11	She had a slight smile on her face , her short auburn hair blowing in the wind .
tr	11	Which is why I 'm asking you to stay . "
tr	11	It was usually the lounge they were called to .
tr	7	Even at a distance Nathan could sense the squalor , desperation , and danger .
tr	10	Sparks from the outdoor fire shot into the air almost as if conjured up by him and his words .
tr	10	" That 'll teach you to be a naughty boy Dave , " said the Commander smiling at him .
tr	10	He clapped and congratulated them and Danny knew the song had done the trick .
tr	9	Time became blurred in that situation .
tr	9	It was the final conversation between Helen and Mason from a little over an hour earlier .
tr	7	Neil slumped down against the wall and let his head fall into his crossed arms .
tr	7	We walked in silence to the chimpanzee enclosure and they gave us their usual greeting .
tr	5	" This isn 't a joke . "
tr	8	The light from Phillip 's room was still shining , but now other lamps had been lit .
tr	9	She cast another glance along the line of waiting parents .
tr	6	They sounded rushed and upset .
tr	5	" Oh , Eliot , yes , yes , with all my heart yes ! "
tr	7	" I will not accept an apology under false appearances .
tr	8	After they looked around for a bit they would settle down and become relaxed .
tr	9	Whenever possible , I avoided public transport ; I especially loathed the tram as a mode of transportation .
tr	7	" Nope , nothing a bit of flying and a $ 100 grand a year wouldn 't beat . "
tr	10	It appeared people were going about their business without apparent fear .
tr	9	The weather still comes rolling in from the grey Atlantic and over the Welsh Hills .
tr	8	The man took this in stride and nodded .
tr	9	They didn 't impress me as being very strong people . "
tr	6	" Your brother -- " " So you worked together ? "
tr	9	Zeal was itching for a fight , and I don 't think she cared who with .
tr	9	This way it was impossible for the entire network to be folded up .
tr	7	When he heard the gunshot , he 'd slowed and then stopped .
tr	8	At the top of the ramp , a man rose up to block their way aboard .
tr	8	" VIN here has just been discharged from the military this week .
tr	9	Do you think that ? "
tr	10	She 's trying to screw with us ! "
tr	9	Both of his hands , clasped together in front of him , bore twisting circles of black briars .
tr	10	As the gate slowly cranked open Mal turned to level a stern expression towards Camden .
tr	8	The fire is starting to separate .
tr	9	He was beginning to respect Hilda .
tr	9	Well , I didn 't want to hear that .
tr	6	" Nate , " Bobby said , " I just cut a guy in half with an antique shotgun .
tr	10	Boldness would have to answer for the mistake .
tr	9	" As to my own tale , I 'm sure you 're also curious . "
tr	9	Sometimes he could feel the floor of the stream touch his feet .
tr	6	They stood up and dressed .
tr	6	That sort of thing takes time and is a two-way street .
tr	6	' Yes , well I didn 't actually know my mum had a history then .
tr	8	She grabbed the phone from the table and held it to her ear , shielding her face with her hair .
tr	10	There was nothing more to do than wait .
tr	11	" Mr. Noble , Mr. Jones , it 's a pleasure to have a drink with you .
tr	8	The one with the gun took off his parka and poured three mugs of tea .
tr	8	And then the hyenas came down to pick the bones . "
tr	8	She could see no habitation and , although sheltered , Adele was conscious of the cold seeping through her clothes .
tr	5	" How old is he ?
tr	9	After I mastered it , I put my blue fillet and get back into the room , being in pajamas .
tr	5	" How far out are the fighters ? "
tr	9	She was afraid she might cry .
tr	8	There should be no sign of our struggle . "
tr	11	I 'll call and find out what your teacher thought of your story . "
tr	7	" How many eggs do each of you want ? "
tr	7	After a couple of minutes , my heart came back into my throat .
tr	8	I poured a cup of coffee , black this time .
tr	7	Hell , if you asked me this morning , I would have said the same . "
tr	5	" Okay , maybe not really , but yep , I 'm a geek .
tr	7	As she set the bottle down , a man pushed through the half-open door freezing just inside .
tr	7	When she was found and captured , she never revealed her secret . "
tr	8	There is a monster in this room , but the heroes are moving the wrong way .
tr	5	Well then , rest easy .
tr	8	The first time he saw his mum lying in a hospital bed .
tr	10	He traced the profile of the propeller on various places and was impressed with the smooth flow of the shape .
tr	11	Could it be the family was moving to California ?
tr	7	He let the sickle end slam to the ground and held the opposite end with the chain .
tr	8	" I 'm so glad you asked !
tr	9	" NO ONE IS GOING TO RESCUE YOU ! "
tr	11	" We could have called in a bomb squad to defuse it , " said Victoria .
tr	10	Here Nathan held up three fingers and began counting them off , " First , leadership is lonely .
tr	6	Lucky thing for you , too , boy !
tr	7	It was Melody 's fault after all , but Ted really didn 't care .
tr	10	But they needed horses to escape and they did not have coin to buy them .
tr	11	Three found a place out of the bear 's sight to cross the stream .
tr	7	" Cross my palm with silver my beauties and I will tell you your fortunes . "
tr	11	" There 're all kinds of poky plants in that park across the street .
tr	9	" Why don 't you tell him what you 're really after ?
tr	9	" Almighty God willing , someday perhaps your soul will be as disciplined as your sword arm ! "
tr	8	An attorney had convinced him it was essential for Jacob to make the trip .
tr	11	He listened intently and asked probing questions , laughing knowingly when Chris told him about the CNN interview .
tr	9	He needed to see , to hear , to smell .
tr	10	Mariposa demonstrated by grasping a stinger root with her mouth and pulling backwards .
tr	9	He looked over to Davidoff who nodded .
tr	9	Anderson made a quick decision and said without ceremony , " Lieutenant Myers , I hereby promote you to Captain .
tr	7	" Indeed , my Prince , " the Seeker said , inclining his white head .
tr	6	Reaching the machinery room I replaced the grate in its original position on the main walkway .
tr	9	He moved over and tried to kiss her .
tr	5	Click , drop , boom -- instant smoke screen .
tr	6	So many things could go wrong .
tr	9	He tries to continue but his words stutter from his mouth .
tr	8	The lack of emotion in her voice startled Brand .
tr	9	Scott stuffed the book back in then looked at the rations .
tr	10	Miriam reflected that she could do with some food herself .
tr	10	George stayed on the one knee gathering himself , the feeling slowly coming back to his arm .
tr	5	" No , no , I 'm nowhere near important enough . "
tr	8	He saw Sarah and smiled in greeting .
tr	7	" Put that away , " the driver says .
tr	10	But I would also plan for the scenario that your European pursuer might turn up . "
tr	9	I didn 't want to hang around .
tr	7	" You know what I mean .
tr	10	Me and my husband are thinking to intern him to a hospital . "
tr	8	We passed several minutes enjoying the simple fare in silence .
tr	10	" Lord Rafe would understand perfectly , have no fear or worry that you commit any offence . "
tr	7	She was surrounded by angels .
tr	10	Said a voice , making me jump in the air .
tr	10	He resigned himself to the fact that it wasn 't optional , kissed Penny and hopped out .
tr	11	" My father never allowed me to come to the sea , even though we live so close by .
tr	7	The International Space Station was still far higher and was several thousand miles behind them .
tr	11	No American president would ever bring this plan here if he could act on his own .
tr	8	I forgot to tell you . "
tr	10	I could feel seething anger , unquenchable rage building within me like an ember prodded into flame .
tr	5	A figure brushes my shoulder .
tr	5	Not to mention the whole glowing eyes and flowing tattoo part .
tr	8	As I looked on at my future partner , I couldn 't deny her beauty .
tr	11	I pause , pulling air into my lungs and try to regain my bearings .
tr	7	" The children were weaker than us , had a slower healing process and were susceptible to diseases . "
tr	7	Maybe ten by fifteen inches , and the edges were frayed .
tr	8	Madeleine pulled her granddaughter away and sent her down the corridor with a push .
tr	9	As Connor exited the bar he watched Takeo remain in the same place .
tr	8	I shouted and ran towards them but they were already out the car park and pedalling down the road .
tr	6	The wolf snarled and thrashed about , but then lost its strength .
tr	9	" We need to go to Paris . "
tr	10	Even though John could not wait to try it again .
tr	9	" Do you swear you can keep a secret ?
tr	8	Try to find a sample .
tr	5	" But this one can , " argued the younger female spirit .
tr	5	" Shawn , you and me here today , the weather beautiful , the people beautiful , the day beautiful .
tr	8	" Now put on something to travel in .
tr	10	They 've taken over a large portion of the city and police aren 't even allowing entry into their areas .
tr	6	Most of them wore beautifully tailored dresses and fancy hats on their heads .
tr	9	Little villages disappeared in a flash as we raced by them .
tr	7	" There is no kidnapping , " Mrs. Long said , " There is no crime .
tr	8	She was proud of the perfect words , smooth and convincing .
tr	9	She regained her composure and stared toward the light , shielding her eyes and squinting .
tr	7	The men were deep in conversation .
tr	10	Something that sounded suspiciously like a curse burst from Eda 's lips , and her face flooded with anger .
tr	11	She 's not your plaything to throw into harm 's way ! "
tr	9	she shouted to the Grenadier posted at the entrance to the CP .
tr	9	Hangar # 3 was specifically constructed to house this C-5 .
tr	10	Aside from a startled yell , there was nothing , and I doubted I had hit anything .
tr	6	She 's ... let 's just say , she can 't pass a single test . "
tr	7	" You will know everything presently , " the Wise Old Man answered .
tr	9	The prince was staring to the southwest the way a man looks at water in a desert .
tr	7	We 'll talk later about refunds . "
tr	8	Miriam opened her mouth , shut it , and said , " Please forgive my behavior just now . "
tr	9	Crossing the 50 feet wide Couloir would take all of that fifteen seconds , if you moved fast .
tr	9	Logan read the newspaper while we clamored for news .
tr	7	Bradley pushed the suitcase into his room with his foot and looked down the staircase into the living room .
tr	10	As they neared the yard Scott turned his thoughts on how they could help the coyote .
tr	10	All anyone brings into Fisher are coins .
tr	8	" I was given the motor command sequence to perform . "
tr	6	Stalin passed by them on his way to the door .
tr	7	She 's talking about Finn .
tr	11	After a moment of looking from face to face , he began to speak .
tr	11	" He ... I ... I think he fell , " she said , hoping he wouldn 't kill her .
tr	7	-- He whispered angrily and with her right hand he pushed her down onto the bed .
tr	9	" 15 years indeed " responded Stefano whilst a melancholic tinge flooded his pupils . "
tr	6	" Ghost , this is Aries , " he called over the comm .
tr	6	Peyton was on the move .
tr	7	" But it doesn 't feel like it . "
tr	5	For now she held all the cards ... .
tr	6	The men were extremely careful around them .
tr	8	" If they come at all they 'll come from the river , " he thought .
tr	5	After that Wyoming winter weather , this is heaven . "
tr	10	" Just some seeds from my sandwich stuck in my molars that 's all . "
tr	6	" You see , that 's just it - " " What 's just it ? "
tr	10	Do either of you know the city very well ? "
tr	7	Nathan quickly scanned the bridge for other movement , but saw nothing .
tr	8	The screen in front of Reid flickered .
tr	8	" Thank god I 've found you guys , " Mike said with a smile and a sigh .
tr	10	We will present this at the next council meeting and ... " " No , " said Brazen .
tr	10	He looked at Ricky , " show me where you found the stone . "
tr	11	I will , of course , pay for the carpet to be cleaned . "
tr	7	" We were all angry , how could we not be ? "
tr	8	The dart took him high on the left shoulder .
tr	10	Despite the haze of pain and the blood loss that dulled my senses , I recognised his expert swordsmanship .
tr	9	He asks , glancing to the hero 's blank face with anticipation .
tr	9	he asked in the simplest way he could think of .
tr	10	The dogs nearly knocked him over when he opened the door , Robbie was waiting for him in the study .
tr	6	He felt more than saw the Exiles exchange a glance .
tr	6	This small , insolent girl questioning his orders was annoying the soldier .
tr	11	When she heard the shout , she stood up so fast that the gun dropped to the floorboard of the wagon .
tr	7	Bruno crossed the room with his gun in hand and peered through a gap in the curtains .
tr	10	On either side of its fuselage , just aft of the parasol wing , the Catalina had a large glass bubble .
tr	8	" Kick your shoes off ... . .
tr	10	Beyond it was a maze of underground cellars and tunnels lit by flickering flame torches .
tr	10	He began to crawl toward it , looking warily around him for any sign of his brother .
tr	8	As far as I 'm concerned , you are a stinking liar and a dirty little fat thief .
tr	5	" Maya , take my hand . "
tr	8	" Wait ... no , " Alexa blushed furiously , her cheeks almost matching her hair dye .
tr	10	I knew that , not in vain I was passionate about psychology .
tr	11	I know they are in the lab right now brainstorming . "
tr	8	There was a thunk as Andy 's head hit the table .
tr	7	" I 'll let you in , " the watchman grunted .
tr	9	She noticed her presence and smile , clasping her fingers over her shins .
tr	5	Then to Bronwyn - " Or marry a rich , handsome man ! "
tr	9	No one would ever believe them and they were not sure they cared .
tr	8	However , two colours prevailed over the others : a light pink and a pale blue .
tr	9	He looked up and felt a fire build up inside him .
tr	6	Only her , Holiday , the other camp leader , and the two men , occupied the dining hal .
tr	6	That little smile , her green eyes , the scent of her body , the feel of her around him .
tr	8	Before the conversation could continue , the group got into the car and Bobby was fast with his getaway .
tr	8	It had to be him .
tr	11	To the contrary we can be pretty sure that he is staying in Treviso .
tr	6	" Well ... what is the village like , the grounds ? "
tr	8	Are these two kids giving you any trouble lah ? "
tr	11	They reached the exit hatch that led out of the CIC and into the companionway .
tr	8	It was very difficult to breath ; he must be more winded then he 'd first thought .
tr	11	He waited a few moments for the man to at least taste his dinner before pestering him again .
tr	7	I retorted , " Hell I 'm already an old salt . "
tr	6	Their deaths weren 't bloody , but they were just as painful and horrifying .
tr	9	The card had landed face down and Melody could see nothing .
tr	9	" We are set here , we should connect Maya to Warrior before we get underway .
tr	8	" I will be just fine and ready for duty shortly , commander , " Warrior assures her .
tr	9	Unfortunately , we heal too fast for the effects to take hold so ... Johnny ?
tr	8	" Don 't sign the papers , Duke , " said Santa .
tr	10	He looked out the window and saw that the module had already cleared the cargo hold .
tr	6	Even a vet like him could only go so long .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , sir , " Tripp said , enthusiastically .
tr	11	He looked out into the rain , wondering if any of them would sleep tonight .
tr	10	He hadn 't looked sorry a few minutes ago when he did it .
tr	11	Terri jogged to keep up as Spike strode away .
tr	10	" Sorry fellas we have another change of plans .
tr	11	I always get lost even though I travel so so much .
tr	11	No one knew where to start looking first .
tr	9	" All we know is that a maximum of six colonists survived .
tr	8	Ricky and Lonnie may still be down in the caves . "
tr	10	Cael 's going to get himself killed . "
tr	11	Before he had a chance to turn around , his world went black .
tr	7	We rounded up Sam , and Joyce then headed to the bridge .
tr	7	" He meant this for me . "
tr	9	Andy opened his eyes and found himself lying on the museum floor .
tr	11	What if there was a way to get her back .
tr	8	One here in the US and one in ... " he glanced at his papers .
tr	8	The Book shows the basic form of every creation , every manipulation ever cast .
tr	8	With that Wolf Eyes took one of the squirrels and gathered his war club .
tr	7	With a quick change of clothing , they laid down on their cots and fell quickly asleep .
tr	9	The colonel grimaced at Mike 's screen as a list of parts popped up .
tr	6	The trophy presentation lasted longer than anticipated .
tr	9	We have work to do now .
tr	9	The silver tabby watched me carefully while I made my way towards him .
tr	9	" Pat ... you go hold up Moylan in the toilet , I 'll grab Flaherty .
tr	6	Like any exclusive club , it 's an old boy 's network .
tr	11	No doubt half of that misery is because I know she 's afraid .
tr	6	All 20 of them raced through the cloud of dust and debris , bent over , heads below the crossfire .
tr	5	" We have a serious situation . "
tr	9	Gradual as it may be , his obligation to help her is transforming into a willful adventure .
tr	10	I hit the floor with no chance of blocking my fall .
tr	6	One of the guys pressed something hard and massive bulging from his jacket pocket against my ribs .
tr	11	Death is something all warriors learn to embrace .
tr	10	Silence fell in the narrow corridor that separated our cells .
tr	10	" Do you think she will ? "
tr	7	" Less than ten , Sir . "
tr	8	My life had become a funhouse full of mirrors .
tr	6	Several hours later , Ted turned the radio back on and pushed the transmit button .
tr	7	A significant proportion sat at table 's playing cards , draughts , chess and other games .
tr	10	What you going to do about it ? '
tr	10	Claire prayed for the sand to open before her and swallow her up .
tr	6	The excitement , the anxiety , the look on my face , the sweaty palms , it 's all back .
tr	6	Adele 's voice came with difficulty .
tr	10	The coach was stunned again , " You 're not even arching your back -- can you try that ? "
tr	5	I THOUGHT PEOPLE SAID THERE WERE NO STUPID QUESTIONS .
tr	8	Mrs. Jones , where is actually Damian ? "
tr	6	' Yes , we 're fine , ' I replied .
tr	6	" He wasn 't a friend , " said Jim in that same dull expressionless voice .
tr	7	There is no beginning or end to the wounds .
tr	7	We turned into an even smaller passageway several hundred feet from the canal 's edge .
tr	9	You probably didn 't even know I was out there .
tr	10	She will be extremely worried about whether you got away unscathed .
tr	10	Zombies can be very difficult to kill , but there are no silver bullets for them .
tr	11	" I 'm delighted to meet you at last , Mr Mudd .
tr	10	Thunder did what was asked of him .
tr	10	They have never been here and may not know what to expect .
tr	10	Through this Logos will give you wisdom ; the sight to see . "
tr	9	Edwin was determined to stand his ground .
tr	10	In the left hand he held , by the hair of the head , a once powerful enemy .
tr	11	She expected him to say Business Finance , or Military Strategies in the Second World War .
tr	11	It 's we who are bound to you .
tr	9	" And haven 't you heard that very thing in town ? "
tr	5	Her rust colored designer sleeveless dress complimented her new hair color and skin .
tr	9	" Remember , Cadet Pry , you can never reveal any aspect of a raid to anyone out of the Military .
tr	9	" Your brother will come when I am good and ready .
tr	10	" They were negligent , and they had to have missed something . "
tr	10	She was glad he was with her .
tr	9	Occasionally they would stop to listen or watch a deer or turkey feed .
tr	10	We think - thought - it was in Arizona to assume the Vice President 's identity .
tr	8	The house seemed to echo ... ... hollow in the missing .
tr	10	Sensing his daydreaming state , she decides she 'd better say something else .
tr	7	" Gosh , thanks very much , " he said .
tr	8	I pulled the binoculars from my bag and narrowed in on Jolie as he approached the front door .
tr	5	CHAPTER TWO " William , come in .
tr	11	Conway agreed , leaning back against a tree , enjoying the feeling of shared solitude .
tr	8	She smiled , her body trembling with exhaustion and excitement .
tr	9	The hybrids are always the key in , you know , stuff . "
tr	7	Just so you know , the babysitter is watching my younger sister , Gracie .
tr	8	The second agent walked to the table and sat down across from Carlos , Kendall and Logan .
tr	5	The boy 's energy spikes up again .
tr	11	Do you think I should ? "
tr	10	He let this proceed for a good two minutes before weighing in .
tr	7	The three of you and I can kill him , easily . "
tr	8	" Great goodness , " sighed Finan , weary irritation creeping into his voice .
tr	7	Ben 's eye swelled up badly and he cried for a long time .
tr	5	" You only get one birthday a year , young man . "
tr	6	Rafe listened to the bright sound in amusement .
tr	6	" The Clash , Eddie Cochran , some punk stuff , rock n roll , " Theo replied .
tr	11	He spoke as if he was bored of life itself .
tr	10	As I got closer , I noticed she didn 't look directly at me .
tr	11	Mom used to go on a lot of trips .
tr	10	He 's not the type you can just ' warn off . '
tr	7	" But God created the world for us and the world is physical . "
tr	8	" He asked that you come alone . "
tr	6	" Oh , look , this is ridiculous , " Neil finally said .
tr	8	The air conditioning was broken or something , and it was like 100 degrees outside .
tr	8	" But , " he added , " What makes her do that ? "
tr	10	" Until they find someone else like me , I 'm pretty indispensable , " Mark said .
tr	5	" What 've you got ? "
tr	10	I don 't know what would 've happened . "
tr	6	With shaking fingers , she fumbled a round into the side port .
tr	7	" Oh my God , " thought Dickie , " the bloody photos are still on the wall ! "
tr	9	It was several days before they received the toxicology report from FSS in London .
tr	10	They 'd have to talk but not tonight .
tr	8	A tray lined with a white cloth rested on a low table in front of the sofa .
tr	9	She didn 't mean to offend him .
tr	5	" Here it is again .
tr	10	The guard pressed a red button on his desk and the electronic gate slid along its grooves .
tr	7	They got out of earshot as fast as they could .
tr	8	If they had poured concrete floors it wouldn 't be any smoother .
tr	10	He had just gotten off the phone with a well-placed contact in the director 's office .
tr	9	I realize I am staring and tear my gaze away .
tr	9	You have someone else in the city helping you ? "
tr	9	Kurt cracked his knuckles , studying the backs of his hands .
tr	10	Jealous because he did not save everyone and the people admired Cisco .
tr	10	she asked , already knowing why we were there .
tr	10	There 's no way they took him without a fight .
tr	8	Hey T , has anyone ever died using this machine ? "
tr	8	When Calvin came in he smiled .
tr	10	Hopefully , going to different schools and having different friends would alleviate some of the tension between them .
tr	6	Later that day , in a Memphis church , Kevin David Barnes , twenty-four , married Rebecca Lynn Danbury , twenty-two .
tr	5	" Neil , Jared , Courtney ... she loved you all so very much .
tr	7	' The First Council already knows , ' said a voice in a quiet yet ominous tone .
tr	8	" Rob , the coin is gold -- Spanish , I think -- 250 years old .
tr	8	And Isabelle was Victoria ... ? "
tr	10	Abby screamed at first , but soon joined in the effort to force him from the bed .
tr	9	They planned to stop for a while and rest there .
tr	11	I shouted between gasps , struggling to keep pace with the moving train .
tr	11	Tucker looked down at his feet splayed out in front of him .
tr	10	" No , I 'm sure she won 't be mad . "
tr	10	' Tis a look ya need always be on guard agin . "
tr	9	' It was a bit of a game for Hubert .
tr	5	Dickie 's heart took a lurch .
tr	10	Something that might be able to help them .
tr	9	For all the people above I am grateful and humbled by their support , love , and friendship .
tr	5	And Tyler and Conner , and maybe Lauren , " I tacked on grudgingly .
tr	10	It would be nice to see her again . "
tr	9	On the third go-round , Joe narrowly avoided stepping on Chris 's prostrate form .
tr	10	She started to blush heavily with embarrassment and turned back towards the door .
tr	5	" Jeff , Jeff Greene , " he replied .
tr	8	It was by now completely dark with thick cloud cover , which suited her purpose .
tr	9	The barrels themselves were of a special type of wood to help develop the flavor .
tr	8	On a shelf above there were turbans , Cossack hats , pith helmets , and all kinds of headwear .
tr	10	Let me show you my favorite spot at Sudbury .
tr	11	They must think I 'm going to Florida . "
tr	11	" Cyrus said you needed to see me .
tr	8	Leah asked bluntly when she reached the Prince .
tr	7	A slide-show of expressions passed over his face ; first shock , then realisation , and finally deep shame .
tr	8	" Couldn 't you have found something else to burn ? "
tr	7	The rest of the clan eventually joined them and all listened to the tale .
tr	7	Like fog , a sandstorm encased the ship without warning and sandblasted my body .
tr	7	We have too much to do .
tr	9	He raced out from the cover of the bunker as shouts rang through his helmet speakers .
tr	11	The carriage pulled away and began winding its way through the streets of the capital .
tr	6	" All contestants are now buried , " Becky Bradley 's voice said from a small speaker somewhere near my ear .
tr	5	" She just did divorce your brother , after all .
tr	7	" Alfred shot him through the desk , " said Toby .
tr	8	But couldn 't the girl hide in any of those shadows ?
tr	6	" Why aren 't you with John ? "
tr	7	Josie bit her lower lip for a moment .
tr	9	My heartbeat felt like gunshots going off in my chest .
tr	6	I liked it so much , my back arched , my head tilted further back and I came again .
tr	9	His belt buckle was the size of a manhole cover and shaped like an eagle taking flight .
tr	8	" No thanks , " Kaylie instantly decided , eyes bulging out of her head .
tr	8	" It be neither a theirs , " said a voice from the other end of the bar .
tr	9	And thanks for transferring the poem , to the UC . "
tr	10	I guess you got to go .
tr	9	" My boy will never turn into one of them . "
tr	8	The men looked Arabic to Andy ; dark skinned with black hair wearing traditional clothes .
tr	6	The Princess really loved her ring and never ever took it off .
tr	9	Still , enough morning light broke through to reveal the gaping wound in his right side .
tr	8	' He 's been here for weeks , and she hasn 't guessed .
tr	5	" All right , you all know the plan . "
tr	9	For what seemed like hours , we wandered through this mist .
tr	10	Callie handed her some wet wipes she kept in her back pocket .
tr	9	Her lungs burned , she fought the urge to breathe in .
tr	10	I went over what I expected of my officers .
tr	5	The huge , black , solemn eyes in the sky withered it .
tr	11	It occurred to her that she had stopped taking her anti-anxiety medicine weeks ago .
tr	11	" It does seem to be a course of wisdom . "
tr	7	' Hello Mrs Arnold , thanks for coming , John is waiting for you . '
tr	8	He checked the front and back covers for a name but found nothing .
tr	11	I reckon he must have taken it to that posh brainy school .
tr	7	Nelly spluttered with laughter , and George choked on his bite .
tr	6	" In some areas , yes , though in my experience , too much control could be a bad thing . "
tr	9	George said later , as they sat in the kitchen .
tr	6	Twenty five hundred feet ... ... ... pull the cord .
tr	10	What 's going to be marvelous ?
tr	8	Dickie 's retirement changed everything ... ... ... .
tr	6	Several bumps and a few wild turns later , They finally came to a stop .
tr	8	The idea of breaking in tempted me .
tr	5	The driver shrugged and picked up his whip .
tr	8	He had to move now .
tr	9	The door splintered and its hinges screamed as he barreled through it .
tr	6	In addition , the young man seemed somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
tr	9	Please talk to me -- you 're the only one who does ! "
tr	7	" And don 't mutter , " Mana said .
tr	8	As I watched the commotion in the room , something struck me as odd .
tr	11	Oddly though they got through Tuesday and Wednesday and instead of tiring they toughened up .
tr	11	Reaching striking distance he prepares to simply decapitate her and be done with it .
tr	11	The father seemed to be struck dumb and motionless .
tr	10	He settled for standing there looking stupid .
tr	9	Ryan had been waiting for this one question and replied .
tr	7	He then drew the Gold Cup from its holster and checked the chamber for a loaded round .
tr	7	She hugged her sister , wiped the blood from her lips , and kissed her on the forehead .
tr	9	" Wow , you really think the worst of me now , don 't you ? "
tr	10	No one pressed the subject and Calvin sat back letting the others talk .
tr	8	They moved onto the second half of the massive hangar .
tr	10	" What am I supposed to be looking at ? "
tr	8	While in both states , despite the danger threatening them , they both felt a pleasant sensation .
tr	8	His musings were interrupted by Elaina 's response .
tr	7	Her feet were half a span off the dirt and her head was just below his shoulder .
tr	6	No electric light was available , but there were big , bright candles .
tr	7	I saw some of the slaves today .
tr	9	The first she took with an uppercut , one sword supporting the other , lending strength .
tr	5	From the back seat , Carlos chimed in .
tr	6	The explosion rattled his bones , pounded his brain , stole his breath , and blurred his vision .
tr	10	Zimmerman looked at Shaw and thought about what he had just said .
tr	6	The drums , incidentally , the big ones and small ones , were still set up .
tr	11	Even if something did make him feel , it was never enough to show itself on his face .
tr	8	The immortals at the end of the corridor turned , their eyes widening in shocked surprise .
tr	10	You 're the one who lied in the first place . "
tr	10	Seamus shot the third one in the back as he attempted to flee .
tr	7	" Wow , that means a lot to me , " Jon replies , very appreciative of the gesture .
tr	6	And then she left the desk and pulled out a sophisticated mobile phone .
tr	8	The crunching sound of a piece of broken glass being stepped on caused Ted to freeze , motionless .
tr	6	Over her shoulder , she said , " That 's not my name , and nothing you have . "
tr	9	I have to see to this . "
tr	8	" I don 't feel like a hero , " he says with a huge grin on his face .
tr	11	It was the most useful thing that her dad had left in the secret puzzle box .
tr	9	Luckily , Jessie took a lot of hi-res pictures of each tunnel and intersection .
tr	6	It - " " No , Ernest , " the young man said , shaking his head .
tr	7	By this time , Simon and Neil had finished the sandwiches and were asleep .
tr	7	The photo of Brenner and Downer standing over their grave was taken by me .
tr	7	Inside the fully loaded shuttle , Jonesy , Maggie , and VIN , were ready for their next trip .
tr	5	The Agony and the Itching , or , Thomas Hardy Faces Puberty . "
tr	8	" Ladies and gentlemen , " she began forcefully from the head of the table .
tr	8	I ignored Reid 's knowing grin and looked at Victor .
tr	9	The song plays in my head , pure notes of hunger .
tr	6	She closed her eyes and no longer felt cold or hot .
tr	10	I 'll see that you hang for your treachery ! "
tr	9	The trip went fast too , which was an added bonus .
tr	11	He judged they would be finished within a day .
tr	6	" What do the stars tell you , sea bird ? "
tr	7	" Fantastic , " the girl said , rolling her eyes .
tr	6	I 'm not thinking clearly at all .
tr	6	" Of course mistress , " JD chirped back in a tinny voice from the tiny MAP speaker .
tr	9	His voice was gentle , belying the harshness of the words .
tr	5	" Your Majesty , " said the minister .
tr	9	I wasn 't to see him again until the wedding .
tr	10	Matthew could feel the train beginning to decelerate .
tr	8	I glanced at him , my grip light on the steering wheel of the Audi .
tr	8	Everyone will want to come .
tr	8	Even the Traditions did not matter to him so much as a unified Lodge .
tr	9	" Always a pleasure to help , " I said .
tr	9	It was going to be a beautiful day .
tr	6	Janie had a wish list already : ski jacket , helmet , big man , electricity , a ride home .
tr	10	Well , they do say that the best scientists experiment on themselves . '
tr	10	He reached up to gauge the height of the ceiling .
tr	10	The last few weeks had been filled with discovery for him .
tr	9	The warriors painted their faces with four fingers dipped in paint .
tr	8	She looked at him in surprise and wonder , " But why so quickly ? "
tr	6	After all , in his eyes , I wasn 't his equal , but his property .
tr	7	And all the while their starship flew ever on into the heavenly distance .
tr	10	He had to make her believe .
tr	6	The words yanked me back into the real world .
tr	11	I thought you would have wanted to .
tr	8	What if some accident had befallen them ?
tr	9	" Unfortunately somewhere in the far corners of space , " replied Ryan truthfully .
tr	10	Little Mink dove into the river , swimming across in hot pursuit of his prey .
tr	7	" Whatever , " Jim said , " So why am I here enduring your carcinogenic smoke ? "
tr	6	Laurence Edger Mill , born in Vancouver , Canada , in 6 January 1992 .
tr	7	That was his place of solitude .
tr	9	" I 'll show you later if you like , " Neil offered .
tr	9	Chase tried to stop her but she had already crossed .
tr	6	" Oh , you 'll know , " he said ominously and gestured to something ahead .
tr	6	" But with no heirs , then what would happen if ... ? "
tr	11	Do you know where it is ? "
tr	6	That my ultimate purpose lies somewhere beyond these tumbling walls , sometime beyond this frenzied moment .
tr	7	You must be joking Tasker .
tr	10	I think we should reserve med schools for General Practitioners only .
tr	8	I took a step towards the door in the middle of the glass wall .
tr	9	He takes a while before answering , another thing the real Gabe wouldn 't do .
tr	7	What was it , some kind of site for Confederate spies during the Civil War ?
tr	7	' You are kind of on your own , ' he brought his arm up and scratched at his neck uneasily .
tr	8	Some have found life partners and live among us peacefully , " Aria replies .
tr	10	I 've already seen rocks , cliffs , and ... forest , " Sofia said .
tr	11	And he found that he was tired , and what he wanted to do was to go to sleep .
tr	11	" I get the feeling we 've been set up . "
tr	10	She watched what was going on curiously .
tr	11	But what astonished Chris the most was the hull appeared almost complete .
tr	9	The spots returned and my breath came out in gasps at the fire shooting through my leg .
tr	6	We stop , and Gabe consults his map again .
tr	9	I began to swing back and forth from the rope .
tr	5	How fortunate and happy I am .
tr	6	Finally he stopped , but his face was pale .
tr	10	Brazen knew he was losing control and wasn 't sure how to regain it .
tr	5	" Wind resistance , " he says .
tr	9	" I wonder if there is a yellow school bus outside , " VIN asked , getting no response from Jonesy .
tr	7	A series of unhappy high-pitched sounds ensued from the speakers .
tr	7	The sound of the Transporter 's tires grinding across gravel gradually faded in the distance .
tr	10	Although he was afraid to ask .
tr	11	The waves crashed against the cliffs around them as if the sea were conducting a symphony for her .
tr	9	and transport me stylishly to the Pavilion , this was the ultra-modern shore side facility for members of the club .
tr	9	Jason what are you talking about ? "
tr	7	The frequency of your thoughts directly draws to you the matching frequency content in your life experience . "
tr	9	She is a darn good pilot , far more experienced than I am .
tr	7	In a protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area with lush green grass .
tr	10	All who escape the law of the Empress are known as Exiled , and are hunted throughout the Empire .
tr	11	I like knowing I 'm pleasing you .
tr	6	Just at that moment , Dane and Monti walk in with dinner .
tr	9	Lord Brogan paused , lifting one eyebrow in inquiry .
tr	7	With shaking hands , she ran her fingers down his hock and lifted his front left hoof .
tr	10	The latest image showed that they had been almost entirely depleted .
tr	9	Sofia turned to the princess and asked , " Who locked you up here ? "
tr	5	" Battle maneuver ' The Cutting Edge ' complete .
tr	7	Looking up , he glanced around the room before concluding .
tr	5	" It 's practically invisible . "
tr	7	I pushed harder , almost to the tower .
tr	5	" Thank you , my lady . "
tr	6	' Dancing in the firelight ... ' " The rat stared out at the glowing volcano .
tr	11	I was given to Mother by the King , who is my only father . "
tr	5	The younger man clearly had the upper hand .
tr	8	I am a man and have seen much evil in my time . "
tr	7	Indeed , after a while he heard footsteps , but the door did not open right away .
tr	11	He stopped when a massive black bear appeared near the outer rim of the yard .
tr	8	Everyone in CIC looks at the dragon 's eye and gasps .
tr	5	' Same here , ' said Lacroix coolly .
tr	9	He smiles watching him die slowly .
tr	11	" He 's doing a fairly good job of being inconspicuous , " Iceberg replied .
tr	8	Rift yells , louder than he 'd intended .
tr	8	" Simon , we are indebted to you and your school .
tr	6	She had a polka dot dress on and a name tag reading ' Ruby ' .
tr	10	That shows what a pretty man does to a woman 's mind . "
tr	9	" Che , how 's it goin ' ? "
tr	6	" Technically , yes , " Tori admitted and sat on her bed .
tr	9	She didn 't need to say it .
tr	9	Unless you are not as intelligent as I thought . "
tr	5	" Oh , no , oh , Meredith , I 'm so sorry . "
tr	6	As with most large civil cases , the subplot of sanctions often consumed as much time as the real issues .
tr	7	Everything hurt , even the sound of his own voice .
tr	9	Bright red blood began to seep out around her hands .
tr	11	" Commander , you better not be thinking about taking us to the Sol System .
tr	6	" Can 't take you anywhere twice , Mr. Jones ! "
tr	6	" Yeah , " Josh answered , " I put gas in just today . "
tr	10	" Wouldn 't want that to happen , would we ?
tr	7	The pinpoint accuracy of the punch , delivered with maximum ferocity , knocked the chubby kid out cold .
tr	7	One less angel to worry about .
tr	7	Mana went to the fireplace and drawing back the screen .
tr	6	A grubby face , dirty nails and a matted raggedy beard added to the picture .
tr	11	He also remembered that the president had mentioned Ed carping about lunar mineral rights .
tr	8	" Father , " she said , " it is so good to see you . "
tr	8	Having eaten and warmed itself the pigeon began to show his true colours , becoming increasingly aggressive and impudent .
tr	7	I smiled to her and together we went to the corridor .
tr	8	After a day with so many activities , running and walking , he was really tired .
tr	11	" Well , I guess the only thing left to do is call the sheriff . "
tr	11	It wasn 't very jolly and I had nothing but promises to give him for a gift .
tr	11	They were the first words he 'd spoken since the chocolate .
tr	5	" Yeah the whole half and half thing , they cancel each other out .
tr	9	How , for instance ? "
tr	6	Gabe sets the duffle bags onto the bed .
tr	8	At 6.30 a.m on Friday we 'll leave Croydon airport and fly non-stop to Baghdad .
tr	10	" Are you thinking what I 'm thinking ? "
tr	7	I ran , jumped in the air over the coffee table and landed on the couch .
tr	10	Several soldiers blocked the group and forced them back to the floor as they fired their weapons into the air .
tr	9	" Because when it came to it , I couldn 't kill him .
tr	6	Not a single poster on the wall .
tr	6	" Come on into the living room .
tr	5	And on the arch , by the arbor , the roses are red . "
tr	8	You 're not the only one , she thought as she checked the diagnostics again .
tr	7	He picked another orange out of his bag and continued on .
tr	9	" It 's time for us to go ; I will leave you this notebook .
tr	9	At last , at last he was starting to get somewhere !
tr	8	At least that 's what she told herself .
tr	8	Only the telltale sign of smoke lingering in the motionless airs told the real story of his once proud dwelling .
tr	7	" Thankfully , all your scans are checking out and your verbal responses are typical . "
tr	8	his father interjected , gesturing toward the church .
tr	7	Friends for many years , Link grew up with Ilia after his heroic adventure through time itself .
tr	10	In the instant before she turned her back on him again , Cade saw his face reflected in her eyes .
tr	8	" But you just might find ... you get what you need . "
tr	11	Do you want to walk ? "
tr	8	" You are a sight for sore eyes , " said Victoria .
tr	11	He did not doubt for one moment that he could do the same in this case .
tr	11	" I am ... I mean I was , but I wanted to talk with you . "
tr	10	Through all our trials He kept us healthy when people died around us like flies .
tr	8	That would actually be the best thing all around , " said John .
tr	9	There is no life so brutal as those of folk enslaved .
tr	10	Now Bryony was more confused than she 'd been all morning .
tr	11	Jayne 's smile disappeared as she looked at Katherine before dashing upstairs .
tr	11	I also have some French bread we can have with the soup .
tr	11	Gob smacked but tired and humiliated enough to accept the offer unconditionally , Mike agreed .
tr	8	" Doctors , BP is dropping again , sixty-five over forty-eight .
tr	10	Virgil felt hopeful that he would find someone within the week .
tr	7	But despite their best efforts , the Kindred were pushed backward inch by inch .
tr	8	I had to get out .
tr	7	A faint smile played across the immortal 's face .
tr	9	The past week was coming back , but there was still a large gap from 1962 to then .
tr	7	She peeled off her leotard and literally wrung the sweat out of it .
tr	5	You got ta piss ? "
tr	6	The response held no pride , no shame , no emotion really .
tr	5	I really love that brand . .
tr	7	We hypothesized on it endlessly but came to no conclusion .
tr	6	The Door 's no husband to me , doesn 't warm my heart .
tr	8	I said sincerely , felling my heart dancing inside of me .
tr	8	Apparently , when she ran into a wall in her deep thoughts , she went right through it .
tr	7	Just as we entered the house , I saw Eva collapse into a chair , drained .
tr	5	Half a dozen more rats pushed their way past , screeching .
tr	8	Charlie put Andy against a white painted wall and took his photograph with a huge wooden camera .
tr	11	I think I even smelled whipped cream and a bit of hazelnut .
tr	10	Thirty-four Malcolm plopped onto the bench next to me and casually crossed his legs , his arms extending to the sides .
tr	11	The old man recognized the potted tree had become a sort of animal Coffeehouse .
tr	7	" That was a tight spot out there , but you both handled yourselves well . "
tr	7	" You can 't take on an angel by yourself . "
tr	9	I spotted the Hunter on the other side of the hall , took aim and fired .
tr	8	Lisa steps up and runs her hand over Red 's armor .
tr	11	The women sent Conway poisonous glares before nervously entering the warehouse area .
tr	5	" The red sun and brown plants , " Vin said .
tr	6	" That 's our De Luxe assortment , " said the lady in the chocolate shop .
tr	9	" Are you ready to begin ? "
tr	11	I will hold them here while you try to escape .
tr	8	I swear it by God and my momma 's grave .
tr	10	Fritz sank back into his chair to catch his breath .
tr	6	Jolie does not always make the right decisions .
tr	8	A narrow hallway , dingy and filled with cobwebs , led to a door at the end .
tr	6	I felt uncannily whole , every piece of me was in the right spot .
tr	5	" I 'm coming . "
tr	8	" You 're mad , of course , but we were trying to ... and , I didn 't mean ... .
tr	10	Southern nobility , per se , is determined solely by the amount of money a family owns .
tr	10	I 'm hearing she might become classified . "
tr	7	At the piano , Simon was scowling again , and Barbara 's delicate eyebrows were raised .
tr	8	" Cal , you haven 't seen me at all today , got it ? "
tr	8	Then he was off in the direction of the living room .
tr	11	Finding the small suitcase he was looking for he placed it on the bed and opened it .
tr	8	We have to protect her . "
tr	6	The door closed on him with a final , sombre toll .
tr	10	" Well what do you have ? "
tr	10	The lease was in her mothers ' name and there was a ' no right of succession ' clause in it .
tr	11	Amanda 's eyes bored into him , challenging him to provide some proof to the contrary .
tr	8	Here 's how I see it .
tr	8	As I slipped on the gas mask with my one good arm , his boys surrounded me .
tr	6	The most aggressive kind , " the Black Knight told me with grim finality .
tr	9	" My liege must do as he sees fit . "
tr	9	She titled the girl 's head to meet her gazed .
tr	7	Sure enough , a man wearing healer 's robes answered the door promptly .
tr	9	She rose , leaning on her elbow , all her attention fixated on him .
tr	6	" This is not germane - " " Oh , but it is , " the small man insisted .
tr	8	I combed the lower deck and found nothing but dead rats .
tr	7	" Ready for bed ? "
tr	6	" And you checked on him a few weeks ago ? "
tr	8	He threw Tiago and company one last red-faced smile and headed for the door .
tr	7	" Actually we are in big trouble , " he answered a little mechanically , eyes not meeting hers .
tr	8	" Sure ... because individual creativity is frowned upon and conformity is a way of life . "
tr	10	And heaven knows they have enough room in their manor .
tr	8	You have brought so much new energy into her life and into ours .
tr	11	Avery laughed at his own joke , like he so often did , which annoyed Scarborough immensely .
tr	9	" Everything 's ready but where is our sweet little sisters ? "
tr	11	" ' Tis strange , how far reaching it all has been , how even now its effects are felt . "
tr	9	Usually , the victims kept quiet because a snitch drew even more abuse .
tr	8	asked Lord Brogan , settling himself into a seat by the fire .
tr	8	he muttered after a few minutes ' silence , directing a pointed stare at my lap .
tr	5	Barney and the captain looked his way .
tr	9	" This is the only way to find Aimee .
tr	9	Still , he 's one of the few folks in the Society that I can stand .
tr	7	We 've set it up as per your instructions . '
tr	9	" You 'll keep doing your duty , and I 'll do mine . "
tr	7	The first gained height but was overtaken and knocked lower again .
tr	11	" I thought you 'd have wet your pants by now .
tr	11	Have you , learned one , never needed to be something other than what you are ?
tr	7	The chief and some braves greeted them at the meeting fire ; Waving Willow was there too .
tr	6	As he did , he felt something heavy in his pocket slap against his leg .
tr	6	But now , like in any military operation , the old saying was true .
tr	10	I told them something had happened to you . '
tr	5	Perhaps a distant cousin , the giant anaconda or boa , but , again , the size rules them out .
tr	10	" Please do not try to overpower us again , we do not want to hurt you . "
tr	7	The asshole in charge is rather secretive about its function , though .
tr	10	It seems he 'll be in good hands . "
tr	9	Jonesy was still only half awake and didn 't notice any changes to VIN , apart from the motorbike helmet .
tr	7	Toby led Ahmad and Bob through the lobby to the elevator , followed by Tom and Jerry .
tr	11	A soft sob left her mouth and she stopped talking the emotions very intense in her .
tr	11	I don 't know what happened , I just woke up this morning , realizing I was in bed .
tr	7	On seeing the leopards the whole column of cavalry stopped in surprise .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	11	Alejo 's heart felt heavy as he heard the last statement come out as an unsure hope .
tr	7	Two winding staircases led up to the upper floors , and a long corridor opened before us .
tr	7	" So you weren 't just feeling me up for your own perverted pleasures ? "
tr	7	He smiled , opened his hands and casually said , ' Let 's record . '
tr	7	" I have looked everywhere but I cannot find her . "
tr	7	" See you then Paddy , " replied Jennings and rang off .
tr	8	Harry lived in Gloucester not too far away really ... . .
tr	10	Find all the volumes at Smashwords If you enjoyed this e-book , please leave a review .
tr	5	My two sisters , my two cousins , Mom and Grandma Frida .
tr	9	A pair of hands wrap around his chest as she speaks calmly into his hear .
tr	6	She looked around the hall and pinched her lips together .
tr	6	Lex washed and Ricky dried the dishes and swept the floor .
tr	8	Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in utter amazement for his logic .
tr	5	" Specifically , The old Mayor , Chief Tracey and Mr. Caliente . "
tr	5	Get off that horse . "
tr	9	Neil asked , refusing to follow .
tr	11	We hope you 've seen some of them .
tr	11	Unsure what he should do , Rift moves forward slowly , utilizing his dark clothing to fade into the shadows .
tr	7	" Maybe Ricky and Lonnie did get out first and they took the canoe back . "
tr	9	She said , " You are the daughter of my heart . "
tr	11	Bax seemed not to notice Matthew clinging to him .
tr	5	Next to the door , is a red button , the emergency closing .
tr	8	Simon clenched his fist , trapping Steve 's clothing .
tr	11	I thought you went to get a drink . "
tr	7	" We 'd better hide it , " Tori said and hid it under her bed .
tr	9	He 'd rather be doing quadratic equations or having a cavity filled .
tr	11	I think he wants you to call him . "
tr	11	" Do ... do you want to go back ? "
tr	10	" Besides , I bet we 've passed the palace by now . "
tr	5	Golden , bright , almost glowing wooden floors , with white , yellow and cream walls .
tr	9	He tried to open the window , but the catch would not move .
tr	7	" I merely travel across them , " answered Rafe .
tr	7	Ever since kindergarten , Chris and Jeremy sat next to each other in almost every class .
tr	9	She listened intently for any sound of her boy and his flock .
tr	9	I knew I was in trouble .
tr	10	He reached the handle and held it with his left hand while activating the outer door with his right .
tr	5	The teacher , Mister Sinclair , was the classic , clichéd English man .
tr	6	" It doesn 't even hurt now ! "
tr	5	" Bingo , Yahtzee and Connect Four .
tr	6	I put my hand on her shoulder in a friendly manner .
tr	9	I want to touch the blue glow around him .
tr	9	I would not like her to wake up and find me gone , she would worry . "
tr	5	For three weeks I follow this pattern : Laugh , cry , laugh , cry .
tr	9	The Cat ran for the next yard forgetting about the helpless Lizard .
tr	11	" What do you think I 'd do to your girl ? "
tr	11	She faced them with her mouth gaping in rage , unsure of which way to go .
tr	11	Remember what happened when he went for that building site inspector 's job ? "
tr	10	We know there 's another way out , isn 't there ?
tr	7	" He was gone for four weeks .
tr	7	" I wonder where the bear went . "
tr	11	Yes , he was pretty cool , it 's just ... " " Just what ? "
tr	11	Hopefully they will split their force and we will both have an easier time of avoiding them . "
tr	7	But then he stiffened and pulled away , the honesty in his eyes fading .
tr	10	Under her guidelines Topsy wouldn 't even be allowed to sweep the hangar deck .
tr	10	" Kind of , " he said , lacing his fingers to boost her up .
tr	9	Turning to face the ninja once again , Rift is far from pleased by this turn of events .
tr	9	He could tell them , but what would be the gain of such an action ?
tr	7	His face was smiling , Sarah with eyes wide open smiled back ... sort of .
tr	9	" You or your ships jump in , it will be considered a hostile act of war . "
tr	9	She is the sweetest woman you can ever imagine .
tr	10	We 're pretty sure we still have a slightly positive air pressure , too . "
tr	9	Anderson shook his head , " Graves County consolidation was before my time , I went to Wingo High . "
tr	8	' Why did I give him a sample of my blood ?
tr	8	' The virus is no longer detectable in your blood stream or your swabs .
tr	7	She waited , then waited some more .
tr	7	" Is there anything else you can recall of him ? "
tr	7	I slept really well last night , the best for a long time . "
tr	7	' You should try and get some sleep , ' said Anna softly .
tr	6	They 're children , and they need a strong hand !
tr	8	He flinched without making a sound .
tr	11	She 'd have to learn his plan , of course .
tr	8	He was loyal to the king , and Martin even came to him for advice sometimes .
tr	6	" No more eggs left , sorry , " she said .
tr	8	A guard shut that door , as well , leaving them in a windowless box .
tr	10	He was in a hurry to get home .
tr	6	He smelled of the ocean , clean and fresh .
tr	8	" I 'm down to only one carton .
tr	8	But I don 't date anyone based on a kiss .
tr	8	The shaking in Chris 's legs subsided , but his heart still raced .
tr	8	" It is only part of the larger cycle , " the first man reminded him .
tr	9	He made to rush forward , but I grabbed his arm , spinning him around .
tr	9	No one would come this way unless there was no other path .
tr	8	Trotting along , we came suddenly into a swirling cloud of mist .
tr	11	He found his coffee was ready and filled his favorite mug to the rim .
tr	11	" Do you think he 's an agent ? "
tr	5	" What are you talking about ? "
tr	8	As a member of a warrior house , Hilda would not be tortured even as a murderess and thief .
tr	5	Eight pieces : legs , arms , torso , chest , neck .
tr	5	I killed a puppy yesterday . "
tr	7	At Mr. Clancy 's suggestion they moved to the main fireplace and took their seats .
tr	5	" You are conceited , Mr Pirate . "
tr	6	Pain , overwhelming pain and agony so great it almost brought me to my knees .
tr	8	Outlined starkly against the back wall of the apartment block was an elaborate , spiral iron fire escape .
tr	9	she pointed to the cheese , cream of mushroom soup , ham chunks , and spices .
tr	10	" Time to keep moving , boys . "
tr	9	I didn 't know if you were dead or alive .
tr	8	I don 't remember to knock .
tr	10	" No , " Mal roared , launching himself into motion to intercept her .
tr	6	" They 're ours , " Tuck said , then corrected himself .
tr	11	They know someone had to aid me .
tr	10	said Ben continuing to be riled .
tr	5	" Well , his son and somebody else just drove away .
tr	9	She bared her few rotten teeth and growled at them as they walked by .
tr	7	During the showing they laughed , cried and at times were simply astonished .
tr	7	I close my eyes and inhale the fabric 's scent .
tr	5	And in the winter , no one is out here at all . "
tr	7	Although their prestige was dying , a simple nobility hung about the entire place .
tr	9	" I believe we 've more than established your abilities . "
tr	5	But I agree , they are a brutal and unpleasant people . '
tr	6	" Our mother - " " Your mother , " he said , " hated me .
tr	9	Someone who cares about him .
tr	8	I took a clean glass and pouring water in it , giving then to her .
tr	7	Their wives eyed them suspiciously , fearing the worst .
tr	10	I had just locked myself onto the zip line when a violent blast shook the walls around me .
tr	8	I leaned close , whispering into his undamaged ear .
tr	8	You 'll be hearing from me . "
tr	10	He could feel the energy of the new life still growing and he knew it wasn 't over yet .
tr	9	Speak up , boy , what do you want ? "
tr	11	A quick survey confirmed something Claire didn 't want to acknowledge .
tr	9	" Or , they could suck you up like you eat that black fish egg crap ! "
tr	10	I think he enjoyed irritating me .
tr	10	I believe he 's in Vienna tonight , ' I said in a low voice .
tr	7	" We will take the longer route , Bron . "
tr	8	The world around her was beautiful and she was an integral part of it .
tr	9	" You will take care of Miriam 's punishments from now on . "
tr	10	She even smiled a little once she was dangling her feet in the water .
tr	9	I hadn 't noticed initially , but the corridor was also on a slight incline taking us ever deeper underground .
tr	10	" What 's our plan for moving on from here ? "
tr	10	Or if they decided to kill me ?
tr	10	' I 'm afraid I don 't know , ' I replied truthfully .
tr	8	I settled back in my seat and carried on waiting .
tr	5	Hawk smiled , confiding , " And so you did .
tr	8	And procuring an invitation for you three would be a trifle .
tr	8	I rounded the crest of a hill and peered down eye to eye with a deer .
tr	6	" The best place for the little man is back at the hotel . "
tr	11	Blight trailed from each of them , smoke that blanked out the sun .
tr	7	" Push an amp of atropine .
tr	7	He looked at Logan and me .
tr	8	Her open palm drifts away from his extending grasp , eternally reaching for her helping hand .
tr	8	The two dirty men looked at each other , then at Cletus ' axe , then at Pete 's hoe .
tr	6	He moved behind me and rubbed my shoulders .
tr	6	In a bowl , I combined some ketchup , horseradish sauce , garlic powder , lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce .
tr	8	He looks to Aria and says , " they were hiding on Calliope . "
tr	7	Each hit the rocks across the gap and scrambled up onto a small plateau .
tr	7	What do these papers here show , in any case ?
tr	11	They were interlocked with each other and even seemed to commune with the heavens themselves .
tr	7	The chief sat down and the people stood up again , and those holding Matthew freed his tongue again .
tr	8	Joe might have been an asshole , but he wasn 't stupid .
tr	11	Brrr , Neil thought , suppressing that thought as unbearably cowardly .
tr	7	I have a sister and she works in Dublin . "
tr	6	For some reason , at that moment , both of their gazes fell on the bed .
tr	10	I think we have an opportunity here but we have to take a much broader view .
tr	6	She felt like a fake .
tr	8	His parents would be returning home later in the evening .
tr	8	You want me to beat him up ? "
tr	9	Given the overwhelming amount of evidence , he will , of course , be found guilty and executed for his crime .
tr	9	I wished I could have stopped .
tr	10	Lina started running despite being blind .
tr	10	She was in her saddle and riding up to the front of the caravan within seconds .
tr	7	She reached down and scratched the bear 's ear .
tr	10	I guess you always were the mysterious one in the family . "
tr	10	But money was getting tight and she couldn 't afford to be frivolous .
tr	5	" How do you mean ? "
tr	9	A victory that would be short lived indeed if his brother arrived with no warning .
tr	7	There 's an unfriendly right outside the room . '
tr	7	" Fine , " Ilia states flatly , starting toward the door .
tr	5	" Not the same thing , Neil , and you know it . "
tr	5	" My turn , " the shapeshifter said .
tr	7	David looked at the cows , then back at the dog .
tr	5	" But it didn 't , " he said .
tr	11	Listen to those bones snap -- not even a lion could make that much noise killing a horse . "
tr	11	In fact , Mal was surprised to find the staff so compliant , even welcoming .
tr	6	" Maybe not , this one 's pretty new , " Ted answered .
tr	11	As the ship came around to bear on the new target , it began to roll slightly to starboard .
tr	8	The dust of their passage was a suggestive smear against an otherwise flawless landscape .
tr	7	Or worse , he could lock me in a freezer .
tr	10	" It 's not right , that 's what it is . "
tr	8	" It 's not locked , " he said before darting inside .
tr	6	In fact , he somewhat resembled the male characters in the older New Yorker cartoons , round and balding and bland .
tr	7	Through the darkness , Sarah found Chris 's hand , and it was good .
tr	11	" I must find out - " his words were cut off as she popped the soup into his mouth .
tr	8	He sits up , still won 't look at me .
tr	6	Believe me , this is better . "
tr	8	" OK , Georgie , that 's a chance we 'll just have to take .
tr	6	" So , what , she makes all the decisions and stuff ? "
tr	5	" No , he was way too tall , not short .
tr	8	If they encountered anything in the gorge , they would be well-protected .
tr	10	Toby sat his cheeseburger down and took a long pull on the straw leading into his chocolate milkshake .
tr	7	Sk ' lar looked away for a moment , then back at her and smiled .
tr	10	I 'm sure you two must be starving . "
tr	8	He took another look and wearily nodded , " It 's the right one . "
tr	7	If they touched her ... he clenched his fists .
tr	6	At its end , he saw a grizzly bear and a raccoon hurrying across a wide brown prairie .
tr	6	The Battalion Commander looked momentarily uncertain , but the Sergeant Major spoke up .
tr	9	His unruly golden hair , cut square at his shoulders , was confined by a band of crimson satin .
tr	6	For a whole past week , the numbers of the creatures have been increased exceedingly .
tr	5	" Ain 't you just every man 's darlin ' now , Jacky ? "
tr	9	as she moved to comply .
tr	5	He then had an idea .
tr	7	" The Horus ... it can 't get me ... through this mind meld ... can it ? "
tr	11	These girls have been up for over 24 hours and you 're in no condition to do anything ! "
tr	10	" Great , now we don 't have to waste any more lighter fluid . "
tr	11	Maybe they were trying to communicate with him , but that was pointless .
tr	8	Another bridge could be days up or down river .
tr	5	" For a small while , " Agnes told them gently .
tr	8	The old man makes tea hurriedly , clattering the cups but saying nothing the whole while .
tr	6	" There 's always that risk , most people just don 't know it .
tr	11	Yet he knew he could not risk his men in so fool hardy a gesture .
tr	6	Sadie and the puppies wandered over and Avril 's face lit up .
tr	9	The hubbub died down some after that first week , and life on the Rump started going back to normal .
tr	9	" You don 't know anymore than I do , " the first voice accuses .
tr	8	As the riders approached the burrows , she dropped into a crouch to await her prey .
tr	10	Sometimes she forgot how smart Ruth was and that she 'd also studied the Arts .
tr	10	" Do you have any leather gloves in the truck ? "
tr	9	Hugh Orr once again assisted me by editing my amateurish photography into fantastic cover art .
tr	7	I saved his life and offered my services on the same day .
tr	5	He wore his t-shirt and his Marky Mark boxer shorts .
tr	9	" It was our only lead and it turned out to be a trap .
tr	6	" He came to you for help ? "
tr	8	Rift 's steady stride slows to a stop as something catches his eye .
tr	9	It was a quarter after six and everything was progressing smoothly .
tr	7	We give each other a quick hug and Derrick , Dane , and I leave the lab .
tr	10	Chase run a hand on the strands of hair that fell over his face .
tr	9	' I think you should leave , ' he said coldly .
tr	10	It was less painful than he had imagined it .
tr	7	Scanning devices at transport terminals being the most obvious , but what about a hostile capture and search ?
tr	7	Cursing under his breath , Neil followed her .
tr	9	Their hands met and he folded hers into his warm grasp , bringing it to his lips .
tr	5	" Authorizing Rick , I guess so .
tr	10	" Am I supposed to know what that is ?
tr	7	Sampson pointed at the envelope now in Anderson 's hand .
tr	8	" Patience , it 'll come in good time , " I answered .
tr	6	He opened his eyes , sat up slowly and groaned .
tr	7	Don 't say anything spiteful about the ballet teacher , for goodness sake .
tr	5	In addition , among all this Julian almost made her cry .
tr	9	I mean ... We 've become close , haven 't we ?
tr	10	Suddenly , he recalled why Kennedy 's small force of SAS troopers were assigned to this assault .
tr	10	Christ a truckload the whole base had only been receiving two loads a month .
tr	7	Her drowsy eyes looked into his and in their depths he could see genuine admiration .
tr	10	He turned hearing screaming behind him as a dark figure closed in .
tr	11	" Do you think he 's aware ? "
tr	6	" Eating an authentic Irish breakfast , are you ? "
tr	7	Simon was bored with the puzzle .
tr	7	When he remained silent , Robert said in a low , menacing , tone , " Alex ? "
tr	5	" There , now you see , " she said .
tr	6	" Happy birthday , Miss Dawson , " Al said with a quiet smile .
tr	9	Nothing he could really put his finger on , mind you .
tr	11	Think about what to do about Colin .
tr	9	" And all this is just to win this little space race into orbit ? "
tr	7	Then Shambles stopped moving , stopped kicking , and died an honest death .
tr	9	" Not even a ' glad to see you 're alive ' ? "
tr	10	Her range was further than I had with Avril .
tr	6	" Where did you get these ? "
tr	6	You ever think of that ?
tr	8	" He was going to a dark place , " the girl said .
tr	8	He brushed soft kisses over her face , his heart too big for his chest .
tr	6	A thick hood covered the stranger 's head and face .
tr	10	' Victor and I have both personally researched the extensive genealogy of the noble families of our two immortal societies .
tr	11	He seemed to be ignoring both of us .
tr	6	" Hearing no further discussion , I put this matter up for vote .
tr	8	She reached her left hand out and felt up and down the bark of the tree .
tr	10	Her body seemed to float inches above the bed , and she felt a desperate need for the sugar .
tr	9	A whole month in space ; VIN wondered what that would be like ?
tr	11	Candice lay quietly for a few minutes considering if the gentleman outside was a threat .
tr	10	I try to keep my expression stern , but I can 't .
tr	11	He wanted to spit the stuff out , but he had no energy to sit up or move .
tr	10	He didn 't know what was happening - this couldn 't be .
tr	8	I peered into one after some middle school kids turned the corner .
tr	10	Not without wanting to throttle Emma .
tr	10	As we neared it , I shuddered as I saw the top of the fence .
tr	7	' I tell ya , Boom Crash Boy , this one 's going on my Billy Random Reckless list .
tr	6	" I know , I know , it isn 't fair , but those are the facts . "
tr	6	Friday 4th May 1984 Calvin picked up the phone first thing Friday .
tr	9	I hated missing Thanksgiving this year and now not being with you for Christmas .
tr	7	Taylor was afraid of the answer .
tr	11	After she sank and for the next hundred years or so , a few attempts were made to raise her .
tr	9	" That was pretty damned brave , using yourself as bait , " he said with a grin .
tr	10	Mr. Clancy would have to fend for himself , for the moment .
tr	5	The bride , or bridegroom , or the ' in-laws ' ?
tr	10	I think I liked being defective .
tr	6	" Well , it would work , " Mike said .
tr	6	" You miss Night Walker , don 't you , Wolf Eyes ? "
tr	10	Besides , he 's been licking it so it 's rather clean . "
tr	8	The Wise Men followed the star and came to Christ 's birthplace .
tr	10	It was filled with tapestries and fine fabrics hung from the bed posts .
tr	7	Without a word , I jumped on to the chair and pulled myself up and through the vent .
tr	9	A massive , decrepit temple stands where the old tree was only moments ago .
tr	8	The key slowly turned in the lock and the door opened .
tr	6	" A unit of heavy cavalry just cut us off from the main group .
tr	9	Tell you what ; I 'll go catch one and hold it down .
tr	5	Badges , friendships , ghost stories , bonfires , pigeons ... " Pigeons ? "
tr	9	" You like to play tricks , " said Jacob .
tr	6	Her face was a terrified mask , and something dark , like a scratch , marked her neck .
tr	9	Assuming I even managed to get her with child that quickly .
tr	10	I noticed you couldn 't open the door from the inside .
tr	6	Anyway try it out and see . "
tr	8	She is beautiful when angry .
tr	9	" Not at all -- we were just talking about how clever I am . "
tr	7	Marcus waved his hand dismissively and turned back to the TV .
tr	6	" They may be lurking there , too .
tr	6	" Or better yet maybe for the same reason you hid my dad in there . "
tr	11	Alex watched as she rolled across her opponent 's back , leaving one blade buried .
tr	8	I was in ' B ' troop in the ' Regiment ' . "
tr	9	It felt good to be active .
tr	9	which was kind of redundant if you think about it .
tr	10	They finally landed on the rooftop , where four more armed guards waited .
tr	10	" It 's a wonder we 're all still alive and kicking , " he thought .
tr	10	" Nothing to be afraid of huh ?
tr	8	I breathed heavily , forcing blood through my limbs , driving my body onwards .
tr	7	But before you say no , at least let me at least spell out the entire offer . "
tr	11	She was not sure what to think of this nice lady .
tr	5	A few moments later , a tall and comely man entered the room .
tr	9	What followed seemed like a performance I 'd memorized long ago .
tr	8	" Oh , crap , I totally get the whole ' Burning Ring of Fire ' thing now ! "
tr	9	The display was of the administrative receptionist 's area from 007 's perspective .
tr	7	Pushing the door to the smallest dressing room Calvin said , ' In their own dressing room .
tr	10	I showed him my teeth the way a wolf shows them to an easy prey .
tr	6	Blasted poor bastards with radiation .
tr	9	Danny fished in his pocket for 5p and went in search of a payphone .
tr	6	" No -- I ... I mean , I don 't know . "
tr	6	" Every barrel , every sack , every bit in our stores and in the Sea Folk ships .
tr	10	Was desperate to keep her safe .
tr	6	" And he 's my father , " I say .
tr	9	I wondered what was happening , and suspicions were forming .
tr	8	They worked through the deep woods as quiet as their movement would allow .
tr	10	This bit about the red scarf is merely the bushel that proves the camel 's bad back .
tr	11	" So what are you trying to say , Lukas ? "
tr	7	Espionage is a crime after all .
tr	10	" Besides , the roofs would be hard to clamber over .
tr	11	You are the most remarkable young man I 've seen in a long time .
tr	6	" Just stick to the plan , please .
tr	11	I wouldn 't want you dying of infection on me . "
tr	7	Then he clenched his jaw , sure , and climbed to his feet , staring at the workbench .
tr	6	I had black socks on and I even had black boxers on .
tr	7	A dark emanation flowed out of it : malice , anger , bitterness .
tr	8	Your cage , ye who scorn my father .
tr	10	" I am sorry if I have overstepped my place . "
tr	9	There were a lot of assumptions at work .
tr	9	Angelina was due to have her baby .
tr	11	Because she was going to destroy him .
tr	7	Many years ago , when Ibrahim was just a young child , his father moved from Kozhikode to Ernakulam .
tr	6	My gaze shifted to the man with the dreadlocks .
tr	10	She fished out the clip and quickly unfolded it before setting it in her lap .
tr	11	' And we 'd appreciate it if you didn 't leave town for the foreseeable future . '
tr	5	" Yeah , I know ; pretty cool right ? "
tr	8	" Quiet for a minute Prince ... " started the man before tapering off .
tr	9	Mana would probably never be found or rescued , and Miriam and Simon might have their heads chopped off .
tr	6	Competing with one another in friendly rivalry was one thing .
tr	9	" She said that it would always be useful . "
tr	7	Anna nodded , her expression brightening slightly .
tr	6	He did his mime thing , and with every exaggerated motion , he moved in .
tr	10	She could see things a human eye could not perceived .
tr	10	Pausing to catch her breath , and collect her strength , Zoe resumed .
tr	7	" The poison 's taking hold , " she said with conviction .
tr	7	' Do you have an appointment ? '
tr	8	I agreed and also gave many of the crew access to assault rifles .
tr	10	" I was torturing my father , before you interrupted me , " Maya states simply .
tr	9	He didn 't know she was dead .
tr	6	But , as the saying went , the third try brings either gold or death .
tr	7	But she brought out the best in him .
tr	8	If I can see that , then surely you can see that .
tr	10	A muffled curse left my lips when I hit the wall of the cabin with my back .
tr	9	He woke screaming , as he had once done every night .
tr	9	God willing , Faithful Soldier , you will deactivate the security scrambler on the wall before you .
tr	6	But thanks to Derek and Paul , we have an air supply .
tr	8	They combed the streets looking for the ' X ' .
tr	8	Whenever he healed somebody , their pain will be passed on him . "
tr	7	Sidney looked back at Scott and held up her hand , spreading her fingers .
tr	10	I saw everyone had tears in their eyes .
tr	8	" We already have people inside the Priests palace looking .
tr	7	Celine , the eighth member of her Iron Maidens , had died here .
tr	10	She thought he would make her happy .
tr	6	" Yes , they should pay , " someone murmured , and another , " Why not ? "
tr	10	And the Deputy left to do as instructed .
tr	7	He smiled as he approached .
tr	11	" Whoa , " she called out to the pony which dutifully came to a standstill .
tr	7	" No , no , I don 't want to , " I push myself up .
tr	8	As bumpy and uneven as it had been up to now , it felt now that Dan was limping .
tr	10	' Just tell me where to drop it and get the kettle on . '
tr	6	" Of course he does , " Roland said , " we all do ; listen ! "
tr	11	When he set her back down she managed to stammer in surprise , " What 's gotten into you ? "
tr	9	Not in this book , and not in anything that his parents had ever taught him about it .
tr	5	' Well best you stop , ' Katherine said .
tr	11	Jace looked back as he ran and shot two of them in the chest .
tr	6	" " Coons die , dogs die , all things livin ' got a time and a place .
tr	8	" So , we put one on the entrance , one on the chandelier ... " Sarah said .
tr	11	" An officer commissioned it and then changed his mind so I never finished gilding it .
tr	8	Mana added a spot of milk to her cup and sipped her tea .
tr	10	NET , and the world , stand to reap substantial gain for years to come .
tr	8	These weren 't the childish screams and dry sobs of a tantrum .
tr	7	gasped Anna , her eyes widening in incomprehension .
tr	8	Chapter I where I will be ?
tr	6	Now , to Hawk 's thinking these actions were too little too late .
tr	5	No offense or anything , but this place brings back way too many unpleasant memories . "
tr	10	as she scrambles to catch up .
tr	7	Midtown East Manhattan , New York February 22nd , 2026 " It sounds crazy . "
tr	8	Those have to be human ships !
tr	9	" How the years have gotten away from me , " she sighs , remembering her early childhood .
tr	10	Katherine asked thinking she 'd misheard .
tr	9	He had no idea what else to say .
tr	6	" Well , at least she 's awake now , and that 's all that matters . "
tr	6	" Oh , yes -- yes , what she said .
tr	8	On the news they said it was an explosion .
tr	9	It was the only logical conclusion I could reach .
tr	10	I know I can rely on you . "
tr	10	We 're dead if anyone finds us in this castle .
tr	9	That 's too much energy to share a slope with .
tr	11	" I need water , Betta , " he said , hearing his voice resemble more of a croak .
tr	10	As far as guarding against an approach on the other lake , Nathan decided against it completely .
tr	9	Simon nodded and turned to face the assembly .
tr	6	One bite after the other , the questions made their way back to me .
tr	5	" And it 's not the only lie .
tr	11	Drew took a sip of wine and a date while he tried to organize his thoughts .
tr	9	he asked while slapping the orders down on the table .
tr	6	She said with much conviction .
tr	7	As the vehicle sat and idled , he gave the area a piercing look .
tr	10	If they go into the Darkling Wood , they will become part of the evil in the woods .
tr	7	He left his horse , crossed the yard hurriedly , pushed back the hide curtain , and stepped into the hut .
tr	10	Because I choose to be here .
tr	11	" Then I 'll just have to explain it to them , won 't I ? "
tr	8	Their directions took them to a large almost new motel in the northeast quadrant of the city .
tr	9	" You 're a hard person to find young man . "
tr	11	That was all she could say to me ?
tr	10	There are things you must do first .
tr	8	Jess turned to the crowd now , gesturing to Mickey .
tr	7	An hour later , as darkness was falling , Shock returned to his unit 's patrol base .
tr	8	" I wanted you to see this . "
tr	9	Took a couple pieces of shrapnel in the arm .
tr	11	Let them know you 're safe . "
tr	11	They separated and circled each other , both of them moving to their right .
tr	6	" Why are you doing this ? "
tr	6	Sadly , he passed away six days before his fourth birth celebration .
tr	10	Yes , his father wanted him to succeed like Rafe - or even surpass him .
tr	7	Nevertheless , simply being here gave him some semblance of peace .
tr	8	" The popular legend has remained three , yes , but in fact there have always been four .
tr	6	Do the Fox brothers have aunts and uncles and grandparents ?
tr	9	She flicks her wrist , sending out just the slightest tinge of energy .
tr	6	" Are you okay Paul , " I asked exhausted , but relieved .
tr	6	The girl , Riki , folded her arms and rolled her eyes upwards .
tr	10	The real king was dead , and no one would believe a word we said .
tr	8	It tipped sideways , throwing her stomach to the ground .
tr	5	A terrible business , a terrible business , ' she was saying .
tr	6	The metal of the lockers twisted and folded , bending beneath their weights with a tortured screech .
tr	11	Another wrongdoing is being unhappy with anything this world has or any of its rules .
tr	7	" I 'll just wait you inside , " the boy said and took his leave .
tr	8	These are the facts as I know them . "
tr	7	If I had a knife I would of whittled my way out .
tr	7	His Watcher 's eyebrows rose , but he said nothing , as usual .
tr	9	Each five pounds was packaged in the now familiar " Café de Chiapas " green and yellow bag .
tr	7	A minute or so later , he returned with the mop handle and tossed it down to Jeff .
tr	10	I heard her lock the door behind her .
tr	9	If we fail , we can go back and try something else , " said Rick .
tr	6	" All right , chica , listen up , we got some info on your opponent .
tr	9	" Tell me Ron , can you clone the accelerometer networked devices William is designing ?
tr	6	" Shh , it 's just me , " a tiny voice said next to my ear .
tr	10	They were pushed roughly inside the cells next to us .
tr	7	" He told me what happened .
tr	10	I think he was checking on Clarence .
tr	8	" Thank you , " Byron whispered as he pulled back a short while later .
tr	8	" I ... I 've got some documents as well , " he stammered meekly .
tr	7	Once the papers arrived , she completed the application and returned them to the Academy .
tr	6	" I always wanted a sister , " Elizabeth said with a sad smile .
tr	10	" Do you have a recent photograph of her ? "
tr	11	Let me have her , let me hurt her .
tr	8	" It all began at the end of the last millennium .
tr	9	After a long pause she whispered , " I have no one else I can trust . "
tr	7	" Oh , I don 't know ... you know ... you kinda pick things up . "
tr	8	When they finally arrived at the van , Rick sprawled across the back seat while the girls loaded everything .
tr	11	' I guess she seems more grown up , ' Danny said .
tr	7	He strode towards the wall and hammered his fists into it like a boxer to his bag .
tr	5	" What 's that ? "
tr	8	Something about Malcolm being alive and at work , and me never eating cookies again .
tr	8	" Been working on it for a long time ? "
tr	6	Many of these age old vampires still lived in the old ways , their morals and views still kept .
tr	7	It 's time for your bath . "
tr	7	He only enjoyed them for a while and then threw them to his men .
tr	10	I held a deeply rooted fear of these devices , and this spectacle was not helping to alleviate those fears .
tr	7	Ignoring the insult , Hank plowed ahead with , " He 's bigger than an average man , well put together .
tr	11	She replied in as strong a voice as she was able to summon .
tr	9	Commencement Turtle Bay Manhattan , New York January 27th , 2026 Frank looked up as Ellen walked into his office .
tr	10	" Didn 't the prince fall and have his eyes poked out by a bramble bush ? "
tr	6	An hour later , feeling somewhat restored physically and emotionally , he still couldn 't stand their kindness .
tr	10	Do you have such traditions with your family ? "
tr	8	For years I wondered who it could possibly be .
tr	10	He was dressed all in drab , worn clothing , dyed various shades of brown and grey .
tr	8	Hell things are so messed up between the Navy and us right now nobody would ever know the difference .
tr	10	I held on for dear life and hoped the person couldn 't see my hands .
tr	8	" Trust me , " Mai chuckles , immediately following with , " Left ! "
tr	7	She shivered and turned her eyes back to the darkened ceiling , breathing deeply .
tr	8	" Sergeant Major Givens told me what happened out there .
tr	8	I flipped it around , a gigantic smile on my face .
tr	11	There , on the screen , was the reason he had stayed at his post for so long .
tr	6	" So , T , where would we find these crystals ? "
tr	7	Either that or he was delirious from his sickness .
tr	9	The surroundings started to return back to their normal colours .
tr	7	Simon anticipating the move swung with an uppercut motion his right fist .
tr	11	I heard Fuchs ' lies and his order to take you to the dungeon .
tr	8	Pointing at the sparse light , dipping into the desert beyond the canyon to the west .
tr	9	He seemed to be very nervous and fumbled about .
tr	10	He whispered , " Do I look like I could dance ? "
tr	10	He stood up and as he did the welcome mat shot upwards .
tr	8	" Still , you have to be patient .
tr	7	" I don 't know , don 't you have a Zombie resting home or something ? "
tr	11	How am I meant to get to work ?
tr	11	There are few places in all the lands I have not been .
tr	5	So blond and tan and , wow , he had some big baby blues .
tr	11	" Man , I didn 't think I could hold that much longer , " Jimmy said .
tr	9	She waited , unsure what to do .
tr	6	Ivan checked his Breitling yet again : almost three PM in the east .
tr	10	Maya screams to Aria , her voice filled with pain and panic .
tr	8	There was a disconnected ET tube taped to her mouth .
tr	8	To Simon 's surprise , it was not just Signor Beppe and himself at the funeral .
tr	10	William tentatively tasted the slurry and determined he could survive this meal .
tr	9	He was in talks to acquire a giraffe , but negotiations were in their early stages .
tr	9	A few hours after the sun had passed its zenith Taylor returned to the house .
tr	9	You 're on thin ice , talking about hockey like that . "
tr	6	It 's not a fire , there 's a bomb threat .
tr	11	Watching the light go out in each man 's eyes seemed to slowly tear at the foundation of his being .
tr	9	I 'll enjoy watching you apologize . "
tr	9	Great goodness but scruples were vile things to live with !
tr	9	" Why ... " " Because your son broke two boys ' feet to start this little war .
tr	11	The final changes were being made so soon they both could wear them permanently .
tr	9	" What possible reason could he have for killing you ? "
tr	7	I huff to the bathroom and slam the door .
tr	8	What happened next was worse .
tr	7	" Because the goodness in your soul was transferred into him . "
tr	5	" What will we do ? "
tr	6	" Pretty cool , isn 't it ? "
tr	5	After a few seconds , the images changed , and the scene shifted .
tr	10	Everyone clapped and cheered when Fritz had finished his story .
tr	6	They back tracked around the side and circled the lodge .
tr	10	We 've had Rupert here for how long now ? "
tr	10	Therefore , in the end it had come down to another battle between the Coast Guard and the drug lords .
tr	7	" But Roberto , I can defend myself , " she insisted .
tr	11	Ryan was listening hard to what Jonesy was saying .
tr	7	I want to help ! "
tr	7	All eyes were already on the door when it opened .
tr	7	" We 're real sorry about all this , sir .
tr	9	I didn 't know that , ' I said quietly , feeling another ripple of remorse flutter across my conscience .
tr	11	" You 're full of new emotions aren 't you ? "
tr	11	The dishes seemed to be appetizing and delicious with bread , cheese and all kinds of desserts .
tr	8	Suddenly , from the location of the first vehicle , they spotted Boris walking calmly in their direction .
tr	11	I want her to know I 'm okay .
tr	7	" What you whispering about Trooper ? "
tr	5	" My turn , " Gabe sighs .
tr	7	She has met him before .
tr	8	Turning to the state police captain , he asked , " Can we end this charade , please ?
tr	9	' Are we good to go ? '
tr	8	I was only admitted today and already the vultures are hovering in the sky ! "
tr	7	They can 't bring all the dead back ; they can 't bring back all the plants and animals .
tr	9	I clenched my fists to avoid any idiotic move , but it was with difficulty .
tr	9	That is why you 're here , isn 't it ?
tr	5	And in an instant they improvised an ingenious plan .
tr	7	" Just wait here one minute , " she cautioned .
tr	6	" Hey Nina , " said Sarah with a dying voice , waving her hand .
tr	8	" I have to dig around a bit .
tr	9	Although he was as guilty as sin , I had looked on the proceedings with some worry .
tr	6	They went through drawers , cupboards , books , everything . "
tr	7	The saddled one , calmer after its journey through the river , was caught and put with them .
tr	10	The complex was positioned near the summit of a peak and was surrounded by thick oak and pine forests .
tr	9	" I don 't know , " said the watcher , " I didn 't see anyone arrive .
tr	9	" Sometimes , " Harald said , " but Umbra was brought by my dear wife .
tr	5	Grandma Frida , Mom , Bern , Mad Rogan , and I remained .
tr	7	" Later , " I told her , holding open the door .
tr	10	What to do with you . "
tr	5	But perhaps your father and brothers could , though . "
tr	5	A good male friend , but still , only a male friend .
tr	9	Even he knew it would sound crazy .
tr	9	' You 're good to go , ' said a voice after several seconds .
tr	8	The well in the center of town is now a massive crater .
tr	10	Dropping into a lower gear she pushed hard , determined not to be humiliated .
tr	11	Darya 's mother and father were very worried that their younger daughter had been captured by the Turks .
tr	6	CHAPTER 10 The soft trill of an incoming text message pulled Reed from a doze .
tr	7	She drew a huge A , nearly a foot tall , on a nearby rock .
tr	9	The next team that came through did better , until they shoved the money roll into my satchel .
tr	6	You did the right thing in the moment .
tr	7	Our conversation drifted towards happier thoughts from there , and we lost ourselves in each other .
tr	10	Sit here and wonder what lies over that horizon .
tr	9	Immediately , it began to rain in earnest .
tr	10	" Young man , next time I will not be so forgiving ! "
tr	9	A derby hat sat on top of his grey head , and he had a long wizard 's beard .
tr	7	The town has known neither order nor wealth for many months .
tr	7	He was counting on it .
tr	6	" You 're not quite there , sport , " the man answered , " this is four . "
tr	8	Where are we going , and what was it before the Invasion ?
tr	7	" Another goblet of wine , Lord Rafe ? "
tr	10	Michael and Ben had no idea what to do and even began to shake in fear .
tr	8	Some of the patrons look up at the gunships with relief .
tr	8	The cook prepared a warm stew that the men gobbled up .
tr	8	The more players there were on a field , the more injuries that there would be .
tr	8	A statue , dressed in pants , looking so life-like .
tr	7	A heavy pause descended before Kurt finally spoke .
tr	11	I would appreciate it if you would just cut to the chase ! "
tr	6	Alejo 's plans hadn 't included this possibility .
tr	10	It was sure to happen at some point .
tr	11	I halted our journey and slid out my knife as Alita asked why we had stopped .
tr	7	As a descendant of the Wise Ones your magic abilities should not be wasted . "
tr	8	All my breath shot out my mouth , leaving me gasping .
tr	11	I also noticed she studied some individuals more than others as if sizing them up .
tr	7	To the left of the sitting area are an untidy desk and a lifeless terminal emitter .
tr	11	It 's time to go to work . "
tr	11	It was here that the girls had literally grown up before the nuns ' very eyes .
tr	7	Mixed with the silence , the scene was ethereal .
tr	10	" Jessica , what 's wrong with her ? "
tr	6	A man wearing dark green coveralls stepped out of the door onto a deck .
tr	8	The tapes ran in her head when she rode alone .
tr	9	Cade looked up and rested one hand on the hilt of the black sword at his waist .
tr	8	If they looked hard enough , they 'd probably find pieces ; but there was no time for that now .
tr	10	" Well , it certainly looks like you 've got me over a barrel .
tr	8	" She doesn 't know of your return , " came the reply .
tr	11	Let your brain make the calculations it has done all your life .
tr	9	He punched in ' Phase one complete , ' and sent the message .
tr	9	He had to kill his friend , a woman .
tr	10	She dried off , dressed , and emerged with her hair wrapped in a towel .
tr	10	She waited for him to notice her or make a move .
tr	9	Cam was probably just playing another joke on her she figured and left it alone .
tr	8	laughed Logan , clasping me on the shoulder .
tr	9	I thought I 'd feel brave .
tr	5	On the floor , Miriam shifted and murmured .
tr	5	" Oh , no , " Riki promised .
tr	7	" What are you two on about ?
tr	9	They were all in a state of decline .
tr	11	He 'd just brush it off and tell her not to worry about it .
tr	10	The move caused him to fall backwards onto a steel beam that cracked one of his ribs .
tr	7	" Screaming like a fool , and running like a lunatic ?
tr	6	The soup still smelled enticing .
tr	5	" I don 't know . "
tr	9	" They think some of our people are still alive ! "
tr	9	Joe lunged forward , wrapping his hands around Ted 's throat .
tr	10	" Aside from being what you are ? "
tr	10	After that you 'll have to act on your own initiative .
tr	10	The man touched his son 's shoulder and motioned for him to move back a few steps and give her space .
tr	7	Yet again the wind struck the building , the most prolonged thrust yet .
tr	8	' We 're not having this discussion again , ' he said gruffly .
tr	9	This book is available in paperback and online in digital e-book format .
tr	11	He tried to edge closer to the vision of the girl .
tr	8	Have you spoken with Simon ? "
tr	11	Whatever he had been about to say , the moment had passed .
tr	10	Thank you for letting me know . '
tr	8	" Wow , that 's a whole lot of nothing , " he yells up the aisle to me .
tr	9	How am I going to occupy her here ?
tr	5	I 'm ... , ' this time Danny looked away .
tr	8	" Before the sun rise up in the morrow , " Sofia suggests .
tr	7	Roberto looked at him , annoyed , his face blank .
tr	8	" Did Diana know about angels before you were born ? "
tr	6	When the music ended , his traitorous eyes followed her graceful walk to the third pew on the right side .
tr	9	Two years earlier , before the government had installed the pop-up , that might have worked , but not now .
tr	8	We could no longer compete and American manufacturing in the traditional form was a thing of the past .
tr	9	" Count out loud to twenty and try not to make this boring . "
tr	8	' They 're stalling for time , ' he said gruffly .
tr	8	With a shiver of fear , Claire wondered if the girl was entirely sane or sober .
tr	11	" I grew up on a farm similar to this in England .
tr	10	He waved at the tractor operator who waved back .
tr	10	I hold my hands out in front of me and stare at the new dark slits running through my palms .
tr	8	John 's in London on business .
tr	8	I will go out into the night , and I will run .
tr	7	A big hand laid itself on her shoulder , and she was gently pulled back .
tr	9	It 's the only reasoning he has ever needed .
tr	8	Jack 's face shone with sincerity but Alex 's barely audible snigger suggested the innocence was feigned .
tr	11	" I wonder what they said when they got back here ? "
tr	11	' I 'm wearing ze same outfit I did in ze video . '
tr	7	He stooped and stared deeply into the burning embers .
tr	10	Thank you for reading A Spy Like Me .
tr	5	Connor 's tears and red face were suddenly attentive .
tr	8	The cloth fell on the floor and a dark stain formed , unnoticed .
tr	10	The other reverberated like thunder as it too was shut heavily , and then footsteps running on gravel sounded outside .
tr	7	The two friends quickly washed up and headed back to their lockers .
tr	7	Remember our talks and the affection we feel for each other .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	6	" My God , these people have a confusing social structure . "
tr	6	" Congratulations on your promotion lieutenant , " Warrior states over the speakers .
tr	10	We weren 't able to get rid of Raymond .
tr	8	I am an expert seamstress , as all mothers should be .
tr	8	Today , I had to ask directions to find this place .
tr	7	I ordered a coffee and I looked in my phone .
tr	9	Steal the first car , bikes , horses , or whatever you come across .
tr	8	" Well , look out there where I direct you ! "
tr	11	Horace felt his world come crashing down around him .
tr	9	he said affectionately , pulling his driver out of the bag , " we 're on the bloody golf course ! "
tr	8	" So , is the wedding to proceed ? "
tr	6	Melody maintained her composure and squeezed off a few more careful shots .
tr	8	They looked like they were grinning .
tr	6	Not once in the last months had I heard .
tr	7	You can believe that , lady . "
tr	8	" Some small island off the coast of the Nanaimo harbour .
tr	8	I 'm not sure anyone else really can .
tr	6	" What 's in your bag ? "
tr	9	To escape threatening panic , she studied that which was solid and identifiable .
tr	10	After some further discussion on what lay ahead , both brothers fell asleep .
tr	10	It took every bit of self-control he possessed to smile .
tr	11	It would probably be as dangerous for him as it would be for Joe .
tr	7	Beside him , a window threw bright light across the garden , illuminating shrunken shrubs and leafless trees .
tr	9	Beneath that sense was a boiling , sickly corruption , like the white fluid secreted from a dying plant .
tr	10	" There are large numbers of the black creatures coming up from the wastelands .
tr	7	In spite of his wishes , the Prince felt a surge of pride at the praise .
tr	6	Mana , can 't I skip math for today ?
tr	9	" It was me that killed that man !
tr	11	Chapter Twenty Andy had got himself into trouble before , but nothing like this .
tr	9	Why were we never told about any of this ? "
tr	7	" Ben is a supremely capable man , " said Jacob .
tr	8	It 's playing havoc with our ... " And she cut off her communications , looked over and smiled at Maggie .
tr	9	' Wow , ' Danny said his face brightening but suddenly crumpling with concern .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes could feel his hot breath on his knee that last time .
tr	8	" Then we have reached the last leg of our journey ? "
tr	10	Jin stared trying to make it out .
tr	10	" So , we 're just going to spy on them ? "
tr	10	I thought we were safe in Chicago .
tr	10	He was almost to the woman when he felt a hand brush his elbow .
tr	8	" When we arrived back on the island , Pedro was already gone .
tr	6	" I 'm not a child , " her voice had that familiar , abrasive edge to it .
tr	9	He was too stunned even to call out .
tr	7	' Help me bring the computer over . '
tr	11	" May I ask what sort of trouble you are expecting , Captain ? "
tr	11	This would be longer than what he said , but he was here now .
tr	11	He sat the tray on top of the third drum then went to bed .
tr	11	But I would enjoin the Convention to stay on topic .
tr	9	" Do you mean ... They wanted to kill us ? "
tr	10	I will not show you where your boundaries lie , Little Man .
tr	7	" Did you get a good look at the truck ? "
tr	8	His lengthy selection of new dueling pistols had been the cause of our tardiness .
tr	7	Down the street , Annie 's Variety had closed just before noon .
tr	8	He felt her lips part beneath his , and he accepted her invitation , kissing her deeper .
tr	9	Jason walks to the end of the catwalk and looks down over the rail .
tr	7	Tony relaxed completely and slipped out of his grasp .
tr	6	" So long as the weather holds , less than two weeks should see us there . "
tr	8	They 'd be sore in the morning .
tr	10	Lilly 's waiting , but I cannot bring myself to take my own life .
tr	7	" Let ' em have it , Death Dealers ! "
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	9	he replied and in front of me out of the water rose the head of Bob Simpson .
tr	8	Illegal , bare fisted fighting was gaining in popularity and not just in London .
tr	8	By the time they cut their way to Cade , there were none left alive .
tr	9	Earth remained difficult for her , but she was getting markedly better with Air and Fire .
tr	7	Do what you think is best . '
tr	8	Liza covered her ears and dashed down the hall , heading for the operations center .
tr	11	I wished Eva a pleasant sleep before turning to the library .
tr	6	Friendly , gossipy even , but at the same time , you feel real concern and caring . "
tr	11	Part of it is incomplete , and I would very much appreciate your help in filling in the blanks .
tr	10	" Do you have any documentary proof of your claims ? "
tr	6	The glass cut her skin , but at that time , it wasn 't important .
tr	11	" This is the only thing I have from my mother .
tr	6	A .32 automatic hid under a cloth napkin on the table beside her .
tr	10	Edwin grinned as he realised what Stubby meant .
tr	5	That last moment ... watching your city 's , your home 's last breath .
tr	8	Jacob took another drink and continued , " Alfred made all the arrangements .
tr	9	It 's the one part of me that 's always clean . "
tr	7	The IV bag was hanging from the old coat rack next to my bed , completely empty .
tr	8	" Ooh , and if I 'm right , then you take off an article of clothing . "
tr	7	He could be killed , or worse yet , sent through time once again .
tr	8	The village people made a circle around the sides of the plaza .
tr	10	By the time he 'd battled his way to the fountain , he was not in a mood to go around .
tr	6	She 's thought everything out .
tr	10	Even the horses were relaxed , shuffling along with lowered ears and easy gait .
tr	6	Like a slow motion replay , he lifted a foot and set it down gingerly .
tr	9	You and he are the unfinished business that binds me here . "
tr	6	There was no one there .
tr	5	Slowly , a little at a time , Craig raised his head .
tr	7	Their direction of movement was parallel to her own , but in the opposite direction .
tr	8	In fact they 'll be there by the time you get home .
tr	7	Brad , the payload specialist was watching with an amused grin .
tr	10	Connor was beginning to take her seriously , but still doubted the theory .
tr	9	Just before it slammed shut behind her , she saw the marks on the dark wood .
tr	8	Hunt slapped Taylor on the back almost knocking him over and laughed .
tr	9	Claire stared at the earnest face in front of her and laughed so hard her ribs hurt .
tr	7	We entered the apartment and for some reason the sight of my two fellow salesmen tickled my funny bone .
tr	10	His stomach turned and he felt the need to relieve himself .
tr	11	Chris marveled at the fact she stayed completely level all the way .
tr	7	She pressed her forehead against his , his closeness affecting her .
tr	11	I had to know if Malcolm was okay .
tr	6	I turn away from him , toward the highway .
tr	10	Those men were tired , they were hungry and they were forming a huge line already to use the head .
tr	10	It was time for Ted to put his plan into action .
tr	8	I was about to die .
tr	11	" Injecting ourselves may be the only way to get out of here . "
tr	8	Castle Town will be better than ever .
tr	11	With Pedro was a big , dark man who matched Pedro in size and height , but looked older .
tr	7	Men were hanging in their hammocks , snoring .
tr	6	" Yup , " Tori said and handed her a file .
tr	9	Miniature speakers assaulted the occupant with whatever soundtrack Masque deemed appropriate .
tr	11	We need to stop drifting around and make some plans . "
tr	6	" How did I get here ?
tr	6	To a similar point , where were Sergeant Bartholomew and the others ?
tr	11	I reached the path that led to the road and the beach .
tr	7	" So how you making out up there Dave ? "
tr	9	I suggest we do that , " I said pointedly .
tr	8	He 'd shaved off his beard and was deeply tanned from the Brunei sun .
tr	6	The man faced him , the energy weapon loosely held in his hand by his side .
tr	11	" Now , do you need anything while we 're here ?
tr	7	When his corrupt form finally grew still , Anon grabbed the child 's hand and gently guided him into the Rift .
tr	7	It was too late , the floor beneath his feet vanished and yet he did not fall .
tr	8	I 'm new to the planet , don 't have any money and I need a ride .
tr	10	I thought you were out of the country for awhile . "
tr	9	Besides ... I am not so eager to leave my court . "
tr	10	" I need to make my extra credit seem real .
tr	7	Rachel Summers taught sixth grade history at Lincoln High , Tallahassee , Florida .
tr	6	The needle goes in , hits bone .
tr	11	I 'm afraid the funding issue will require our involvement in some criminal activity . '
tr	6	' I have a suggestion , ' said Reid .
tr	9	I , " he began to stutter , " I don 't know how it happened myself . "
tr	11	Cisco built us a hut to shelter us from the continuous rains .
tr	6	Police whistles carry a long , long way , even in these dark , twisty passages . "
tr	9	" No , I don 't think that 's necessary .
tr	8	" Yeah , in my time most men are circumcised -- the foreskin is removed soon after birth . "
tr	9	I wanted to stay at the farm .
tr	10	The mood tensed in their home as her father paced the passageways of the castle , anxious and nervous .
tr	6	" You are right there , sir , " replied Noble standing up .
tr	10	The first censor servers had gone online without as much as a footnote in the news media .
tr	7	They each put on the parachutes and climbed into their assigned seats .
tr	9	Not so much as a fork was left unattended or unpacked .
tr	8	It appears they will accept . "
tr	5	" Now turn round and enjoy the view . "
tr	7	" Thank you , Admiral Drake , " Dagger replies happily with a deep bellowing voice .
tr	5	" Speak plainly , Rand , I am tired . "
tr	7	He went on without pause however .
tr	8	she exclaimed , poking her head back into the main room .
tr	6	" I 'm a freak , " I yell .
tr	8	" So what did you find so quickly ? "
tr	9	She leaned closer to smooth back his hair , and almost destroyed his ability to comprehend her words .
tr	8	Somewhere in the back of his mind , he knew it wouldn 't work .
tr	11	Susan decided she liked this even less than Creepy Distracted Stare At The Monitors Jacobs .
tr	10	" OK see you then , " he said sounding happy , " and don 't wear those red shoes ! "
tr	9	" That 's what I 'm sayin - " Atticus said before I cut him off .
tr	7	He was a club , and the city of Vale little more than an overripe fruit .
tr	11	The mood is somber and few words are spoken between anyone .
tr	11	' That 's the part we are to play . '
tr	6	" Hey , this is a good place right here , " Avery tapped .
tr	6	" I know , it 's just ... " " I 'm a Vampire . "
tr	10	Maggie paused as if unsure what else to say .
tr	8	A needle came down and perforated the rubber top of the container .
tr	5	Elegant hotels , tea shops , and clean native retailers lined the main roads .
tr	8	With the increased power fueling his limbs Zero set them into motion and moved at nearly blinding speed .
tr	8	Things I can 't even begin to describe .
tr	11	You have to try to eject it .
tr	10	Could what she was saying be true ?
tr	7	Then , following quickly , " And they 're all dressed in black .
tr	8	You know it upsets her . "
tr	7	I knew what it was .
tr	5	" And how long does Vampire blood work . "
tr	6	Look , Vivian , you can see the stinking tower right there ! "
tr	7	The aura pulsing from the statuette almost formed a tangible wall of force .
tr	8	The small man said , " A penny for your thoughts .
tr	10	And if I cannot come , I will remember to pray for your friend at church . "
tr	8	He leaned forward , almost standing out of the throne .
tr	5	His sudden thundering outburst quelled her own response , though .
tr	9	I followed through routines taught to me by my Father years ago .
tr	10	" Do you think that I haven 't been over this a thousand times ?
tr	7	" It 's Mason , " she announced to Jack as she answered .
tr	11	That meant she had nothing to lose .
tr	7	He would never leave the door unlocked , much less open !
tr	7	The dinner of steak and venison , delicious at the time , sat heavy in her stomach .
tr	9	" Marjorie , if I may call you that , " said David .
tr	9	" I should not have bothered you with the matter , now you are worried over it . "
tr	9	she asked groggily , as she followed Alejo out the door into the hallway .
tr	5	Fighting for old world Kings over old world countries for old world reasons .
tr	8	He keep on pulling her up .
tr	8	NASA called to congratulate him .
tr	10	" Zeal , I don 't want to fight with you .
tr	8	" God , I 'm a long way from Hereford , " he thought .
tr	9	They had to get there quick .
tr	7	She stared at Nick a long while , unsure , and Nick simply stared back at her with his black eyes .
tr	11	It changes everything I thought I knew . "
tr	8	Which is why we need your help . "
tr	7	After dinner , Joey was reading the paper and he looked up at us all .
tr	10	I 've a feeling you 'll be fine anyway . '
tr	10	He got a job there moved to Australia .
tr	11	She stood a long moment in silence , posed like a bronze statue on the rock .
tr	8	" Dr. Benjamin A Pickerington , that is not acceptable , " 007 declared in disgust .
tr	11	I took a look through the mail , but decided it could wait until tomorrow .
tr	6	" But we do our best , " Richard said with a smile .
tr	10	He scanned through the contents , reading the executive summaries at the top of each document .
tr	7	I ... ' ' Thank you , ' Amy said to the conductor dryly .
tr	6	It was much more than that .
tr	11	He went to bed to reread what he 'd written .
tr	11	Anna finished eating first and went back to her room to get dressed and put on some makeup .
tr	8	The Prince looked at the trail leading down the mountain , and turned his horse to go .
tr	11	I made my way to the underground bunker that housed the lab and crossed the floor to the glass rooms .
tr	6	And how is Grandfather Noah , my mad , foolish grandfather Noah , our prophet and savior ?
tr	5	Not just his laugh , but her own , too ; any laugh , really .
tr	5	Allen , and his brother , Toby , were the only exceptions .
tr	11	The lid closes , and I turn to find Gabe giving me a sympathetic expression .
tr	9	We had to keep going .
tr	6	Was the whole world coming apart , or just her ?
tr	9	More things to add to the already confusing puzzle in her mind and heart .
tr	11	Just help me rescue her if it 's at all possible , and help me to find my friends .
tr	8	It had its advantages ; State troopers didn 't venture down there , it was too dangerous .
tr	7	" King Ine is unaware of it , my lord , " answered Finan .
tr	7	He pulled forward a few yards , and then killed the ignition .
tr	9	The pun would have been funny at any other time , but our very pressing danger was anything but humorous .
tr	11	I guess he managed to convince her .
tr	10	The lounge was mostly empty except for a few couples having a break from shopping .
tr	10	Are we going to remember ? "
tr	7	" Once his Majesty returns to his own kingdom , what will you do for a chief advisor ? "
tr	6	His face was deathly white , his lips and chest and stomach covered with blood .
tr	7	Can you send me a picture of the coin ?
tr	8	" You can 't carry me with that hurt leg , Rick . "
tr	10	I cannot bear to be without him .
tr	11	" There appears to be a firefight underway a couple hundred meters to our west .
tr	11	" That would be because you 're American , and all , " she said .
tr	9	Ben joyfully shouted : " We 'll organise it , we 'll definitely organise it ! "
tr	6	Someone groaned again , but not the prisoner .
tr	11	Standing in open view in front of windows didn 't seem very wise given the circumstances .
tr	9	While the rest split up and cause as much confusion as possible within the walls of the Citadel .
tr	7	He looked at Sarah and smiled .
tr	11	" There is no need to apologise to me , only to Adele .
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	8	I had managed to hide .
tr	6	I sensed a huge lecture in my near future .
tr	6	" Somehow , " Gretchen said , " I never thought of April as the rugged , outdoors type . "
tr	9	Sighing for an extended moment , the Queen hesitates before she summons another arrow and fires .
tr	8	Aria asks , wincing in pain .
tr	7	Neil , bursting with impatience , formed desperate , mental orders : Move on .
tr	6	" The Firstborn coming down here himself , Watcher ? "
tr	8	" Pretty soon you will be swimming in it ! "
tr	9	Eventually , they 'd return and go back up the ladder to Jolie 's kitchen .
tr	8	When the boys had finished their tale everyone present was as overjoyed as children .
tr	8	Now I was getting really vexed .
tr	5	" You see , there was an attempt already . "
tr	10	He said intending to psych Dewi .
tr	9	We need to head back , " Kendall said .
tr	11	The Spider created horrendous hissing sounds as she rubbed her two front legs together .
tr	10	I thought I ought to explain .
tr	8	She saw its feet stretch forward and its sharp toes reach for her , closer so fast she stopped breathing .
tr	9	The whip cracks against his back like a blade , cutting deeply into his flesh as he groans in pain .
tr	11	Nathan turned back , his mask gone , fury pouring out of his eyes , " Hang him !
tr	8	" How would it take over the Vice President 's identity ? "
tr	8	" Hunger is your body 's warning signal you 're running low on sugar .
tr	6	" Well , I 'm not Little Red Riding Hood anymore , now , am I ? "
tr	10	" I think it will look great , " Ted replied .
tr	9	He felt the danger of their plan hum in his blood .
tr	5	" No but I took a space survival class .
tr	5	' Yeah , sir , very jolly , ' said Albert .
tr	11	It continued screaming and chomping and foaming at the mouth with its arms and legs flailing .
tr	8	" What do you mean , " Chris asked , not understanding .
tr	10	She thought that from the next year there won 't be any secrets , any clues .
tr	9	said Natalie firing one question after another .
tr	11	Well , there must be loads of promising bands who 'd snap you up . '
tr	6	" Oh , Nicholas , Nicholas , " she said aloud and she , too , started down the stairs .
tr	10	She never finished the question , but found herself lifted from the ground and silenced .
tr	5	In this moment , the door opened and there she stood .
tr	7	" Are you feeling ok now , Abby ? "
tr	11	" You know I did not choose to return .
tr	7	She leaned on the horn and shot the errant driver a vicious glare .
tr	8	However , she was a female in his sole protection and undertaking an arduous journey .
tr	7	His face was still stern but a muscle rippled in his jaw .
tr	10	Let 's ask their advice , " Ben added , " they promised to help us .
tr	6	I can 't fix it . "
tr	9	The attackers were met with volleys of arrows from the walls and the towers .
tr	8	A small orange crab waved a claw at Riki , and a bright blue one nipped at Neil 's finger .
tr	10	With everyone to keep me company .
tr	11	Walking atop the damp cobblestones , the boy sees several graves have been unearthed recently , their tombstones still blank .
tr	11	Mac texted , How is the only person in Passage with an Imp doing tonight ?
tr	8	" He won 't have to , " Chris said softly .
tr	6	A few moments more , and he gripped the crucible firmly in the tongs .
tr	6	" I checked it three times , " replied Catherine , " but it was very complicated . "
tr	8	He thumbed the phone on and watched it gather a signal .
tr	9	Missed what might have been .
tr	10	Victoria 's deceased father had left her a fortune after selling his consulting firm ; money was not an issue .
tr	5	Ah , but you are pretty . "
tr	9	" We should be okay to leave . "
tr	9	This is the biggest thing we 've ever undertaken .
tr	8	" Yes Sidney , " he said gently as a tender smile touched his lips .
tr	11	Every time his skin brushed against hers she felt on fire .
tr	6	Sometimes their eyes were curious and piercing , sometimes they were simply blank .
tr	8	Then he slid his hand down the shaft into the water and grabbed hold of his prey .
tr	6	Closing his eyes , he mumbled a quick blessing to himself .
tr	10	Have you not heard of the Extermination of the Blue Bloods ? "
tr	8	" We got ta go , " she said .
tr	9	" Everybody else thought I 'm too weird , " Tori said .
tr	9	With no windows , I had no idea what was happening .
tr	10	I 'm sorry if I scared you or tricked you .
tr	10	Elaina shot a glance at Cade , who appeared unmoved .
tr	7	He put his finger under my chin and lifted my head up .
tr	9	The ambush was set and triggered , when Proud Cougar gave his war cry .
tr	8	he retorted , looking at her journal .
tr	9	My skin crawled like a zillion ants were marching over my body .
tr	8	Are you feeling alright ? "
tr	9	He was surprised that his CO remembered the exchange .
tr	9	I believe Alfred really didn 't know , but he certainly didn 't trust these guys . "
tr	7	Each man around the fire was a principal figure in the tribe .
tr	6	The owners of the units all have their own keys and things . "
tr	8	" As it seems , " he said softly , " so am I. " He smiled .
tr	7	If I need you , you 'll know . "
tr	10	I think it may be historically inaccurate , but was sure impressive . "
tr	7	Thank you for asking ! "
tr	8	A half-hearted soldier does not rejoice at your victories ; he only serves himself . "
tr	5	Otherwise , all the other parameters have stabilised . '
tr	10	She dragged her eyes back to the structure in front of her .
tr	9	Tori said and sprayed some deodorant around herself and the smelly locker room .
tr	11	Whether she admitted it or not , she knew Gan was being put at risk unfairly .
tr	9	" Sign here , " the driver said , handing him a small electronic device and a plastic stylus .
tr	5	" William , I - " " Time 's up ! "
tr	5	" Yes , our children , as many and as soon as you want . "
tr	9	They 're trying to rattle you .
tr	5	" Oh , " I say .
tr	8	Now I knew for sure that somehow this was all connected .
tr	9	" I didn 't know you put ham in it . "
tr	11	' You think we should gig , right where we stand ? '
tr	10	" In exchange for not delivering additional resources to clone ? "
tr	9	Maya tries to gather her will but realizes nothing is happening .
tr	7	" I 'm looking forward to this Christmas .
tr	7	He gripped the gun in both hands and fired twice in rapid succession .
tr	8	He slammed his left fist into Mikhail Bloor , dropping the rotund documentarian to the floor .
tr	6	Like the others , Brendan had drunk too much and was still asleep .
tr	5	Every half an hour , on the half hour , she awoke the same way each time .
tr	10	At the end , he only pulled the saw toward himself , insuring that the bone would not splinter .
tr	9	Had to make it count .
tr	11	She thought she could feel hot breath near her cheek .
tr	9	" Did you really think that I would not know also ? "
tr	8	Ghost ducked behind a small knoll to change magazines .
tr	5	" You nearly gave me a heart attack . "
tr	11	It was now late afternoon , and he had just finished rounding up his llamas and putting them in the barn .
tr	8	She pointed through the trees , but the rain had reduced visibility to almost zero .
tr	8	Jimmy 's skin began to turn gray .
tr	8	Surprising , searing fear flooded into his mind as Cade dove forward .
tr	7	Aimee dropped everything and rushed at me .
tr	8	I thought mother was an only child . '
tr	11	" But I 'm beginning to think you do .
tr	9	" Like seeing me in a dress , Paul ? "
tr	6	" Yes , but these other etchings are something I have not seen before .
tr	7	It was hidden here ... " Lifting the canvas , Claw knitted his brow .
tr	7	Then the forward speed numbers lit up ; 8,300 knots showed on the dial .
tr	7	Then they heard movement to their right and the RPD opened up again .
tr	10	I wish we had more of those crackers .
tr	6	Noah hadn 't made it .
tr	5	" What is your name ? "
tr	7	He wisely remained quiet and walked off to his own tent .
tr	9	" We must begin the discussion with the importance of the mission .
tr	9	" It is an unfortunate truth , but secrets must be kept for the greater good . "
tr	11	" Gather a squad to start tracking it . "
tr	9	Even once you 'd trained it you still kept bells on the thing in case it lost itself .
tr	8	It appeared they were afraid .
tr	6	" That 's basically my whole tea , " pointed out Edwin .
tr	6	It seemed homey , the walls decorated with personal mementos and quaint paintings .
tr	11	It stunk that she couldn 't know about his work , and especially about the assignment Gabriel was on today .
tr	9	I 'll keep working at it .
tr	7	" Haven 't you caused enough trouble ? "
tr	11	She realized that the decision to go , herself , was a good one .
tr	7	" Yes ... you can say that . "
tr	7	You have to know . "
tr	7	David Powell 's words were hardly more than a rough , hasty shriek , but they carried easily through the chamber .
tr	8	You already have all of this without getting married right here and now . "
tr	8	He in turn was enthralled by Mr. Clancy 's tales .
tr	7	She kissed me on the cheek , turned and disappeared inside the house .
tr	11	A collective gasp freezes each of them in place when the destruction comes into view .
tr	7	" Well , death and life , pain and pleasure are all ruled at the molecular level .
tr	7	Finally she spoke , " I am sorry for the delay that I caused . "
tr	10	The Prince peered closely and saw the blade was sharp - not a practice sword at all .
tr	10	" I don 't know if that 's stupid Andre . "
tr	7	The man knelt , crossed himself and said a prayer in his own language .
tr	7	Reid grabbed him seconds later and helped him to the ground .
tr	10	I pressed harder against his shirt to stop the bleeding .
tr	8	" No , no ; ' tis just a trick of the light . "
tr	7	It meant instant death for her , Kurt , and everyone within ten miles or more .
tr	6	What was he doing here ?
tr	9	Connor tilted his head and shrugged his shoulder as Maria went back to trying on clothes .
tr	10	I knew he hadn 't forgotten about us .
tr	7	She had always been afraid of big horses .
tr	6	" And as long as you endure , the people of Morgan Creek endure , for their lifetimes , anyway . "
tr	8	" The gun works only when it wants to ? "
tr	10	I could have bested those two with cold steel but she did so with mere words .
tr	11	He was already flying very low , so it was a simple matter of pulling into a hover .
tr	11	Let him think he 's safe .
tr	9	" Send for Edie May and tell her that someone is hurt .
tr	10	" Red Ortho wanted to make me her master , " he answered sullenly .
tr	9	Surprisingly , his luck held , and the man began collecting even larger winnings .
tr	10	" We 're not freakin ' going to make it . "
tr	8	Tiny chairs surrounded an equally tiny glass table the size of a checkerboard .
tr	9	Someone else pulled on his hair , forcing Gabriel 's face towards the sky .
tr	7	My nearly overwhelming concern for her well-being surpassed that of my own .
tr	11	She was hiding , hoping to get away as soon as possible .
tr	6	" But you 're still going , right ? "
tr	6	However , that night on his errand , Silas heard a faint voice in his head .
tr	7	* * * The boys huddle outside the car , their heads ducked together in whispered argument .
tr	9	They 'll regret that , " he subtly proclaims , rising to his feet and dusting himself off .
tr	10	' I 'm disappointed you 've not had more press interest .
tr	7	VIN watched the thruster point toward the wall again , but not at such an angle .
tr	7	The Prince tensed as if expecting a blow , and the move did not go unnoticed .
tr	9	" Do you live here , Jennifer , in this house ? "
tr	7	But the band looked calm , Raphael and Danny repeating his rock riff over and over .
tr	7	He wrapped a forearm under her chin and gripped that fist with his other hand , lifting and squeezing .
tr	9	He didn 't need to forgive me .
tr	9	If she was honest with herself , she found herself thinking about Finn far too often .
tr	10	' Our friends will have to find another way up , ' he said finally .
tr	9	She was idly paring her nails with one of her daggers .
tr	10	You 're Officers , trained at Sandhurst with bright careers ahead of you . '
tr	8	And in the end I managed to say : " Bye Damian . "
tr	7	Through the bedroom window there was no blush of daylight .
tr	9	There were so many questions starting to fill his mind .
tr	7	How deep the fight went inside her .
tr	11	" Sire , there 's no possible way you 'll get anywhere near the palace .
tr	11	A look of such wonder that I melted at the sight of her .
tr	10	She blinked , realizing it was her purple backpack .
tr	7	This house was totally dark inside ; they had not built a fire there .
tr	10	by the way this really is a gun in my pocket not my dick . "
tr	8	The living room led to an open but tiny kitchen with room for a table for four .
tr	9	Wherever it was leading me .
tr	7	We 're lucky , in spring and early summer this forest is downright homey .
tr	10	' I want Teddy to become my full time Director of Aviation . '
tr	6	The needle plunges into my spine .
tr	11	There 're too many places to hide ! "
tr	8	Marching toward his foe with bad intentions , Ganondorf throws a heavy punch , expecting the hero to dodge .
tr	5	" See , there , " he mumbled , his tone suddenly distant again .
tr	10	Outside they debated against using taxis as the Astoria lay a mere stroll away .
tr	8	While passing by the teacher , he snatched Bradley 's notebook from her hands and threw it out of the window .
tr	6	" In the bedroom George ... through there , " she nodded towards a closed teak door .
tr	5	Between them , on the table , was a medium format camera .
tr	6	A stocky wolf in human form stood an arm 's distance away with his back to him .
tr	7	The Prince chewed slowly on the gum and eyed Tommy suspiciously .
tr	5	But occasionally , on a full moon , the light shines just right ... . "
tr	9	How come it was so neat and tidy ?
tr	9	Well , that would be a welcome relief to a pile of snow .
tr	7	A glow surrounded Hagan 's body , and soon enough the burn marks on his skin slowly disappeared .
tr	5	Now , well actually now you still look tired . "
tr	11	She wanted him to know that she cared more .
tr	6	" The pipes of madness , " he said .
tr	8	" The new evil is not coming to this land , it is already here .
tr	11	I couldn 't tell if she had gotten nervous or excited .
tr	9	" We would be grateful for the help , " Cade said , taking Elaina 's hand and leading her over .
tr	8	The Pastor nodded , resigned to the logic , and the group continued toward the door .
tr	8	" The fleet captain should be a general officer from the Chinese military . "
tr	11	He spoke carefully , the technical terms helping him to control himself .
tr	10	" I thought you had to pee .
tr	6	" George and Harry stood side by side at the urinal .
tr	8	" For nine and a half out of eleven years , " answered VIN .
tr	6	A moment later , a balding man with a white apron stepped out through the doorway .
tr	9	This was going to be good .
tr	5	You are welcome , any time . "
tr	7	Staring at the ceiling , she reviewed the scene in the drawing room .
tr	7	" If it 's broken , I can set it .
tr	8	He quickly passed the word for everyone to withdraw inside .
tr	6	" That 's right , it 's too dangerous .
tr	11	Conway sat , staring at the screen , not caring that the others were leaving .
tr	6	The green man pulled his other glove off , flourished his hands , spread his arms and bowed .
tr	6	" Especially since Kaza and his bandits passed through our village with those children .
tr	8	I promise she is safe .
tr	7	Rage ignited his blood , and suddenly the strong guards could barely contain him .
tr	11	I had no choice but to run through the tunnels and hope I didn 't get lost .
tr	5	" ' Tis a mere three months , laddie .
tr	8	" Why would I want to murder the man flying me ?
tr	7	Every day he shook his head about Northern modesty while she giggled .
tr	6	The patient 's body convulsed from the current coursing through her .
tr	11	He clamped his jaw shut and swallowed hard , trying not to breathe .
tr	10	Truth she put up a fight for so small a girl !
tr	10	The other small wolf got it and ran off to eat his meal in private .
tr	8	She has one very important fault -- she is kind and trusting . "
tr	9	" What are you trying to do here kid ? "
tr	9	Dickie got that sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach .
tr	8	This requires extremely well-trained and experienced handlers to run such operations .
tr	9	" We have to get back there , right now .
tr	8	Within the hour the massacre was done and the beehive was overcome by the Killer Bees .
tr	9	Josh jumped up and went to leave the room .
tr	11	said Toby , " This is exactly what you put inside me and I know how to use it .
tr	6	But given a full year and a death threat , not one of them could produce a Jumping Sword .
tr	6	I sure didn 't know ... and at this point I really didn 't care .
tr	9	The Searcher charged across the field , his heart pounding in his temples .
tr	8	Not more than a few days , probably just a day , him being American and so clever and all . "
tr	7	The effort brought a moan of pain to his lips .
tr	6	She drew herself up imperiously , and all the blood and dirt no longer mattered .
tr	7	" Looks like rust , " said Frank , his face close to the soil .
tr	9	But the sisters didn 't say another word all the way to their table but just laughed inwardly .
tr	8	Hot blood sprayed across Huerta 's face as the blade did its work .
tr	7	The closest things to it were the maps of the city and Syndicate strongholds lining the walls .
tr	7	I pushed , turned , pressed , begged , pleaded , and insulted the tiny blemish on the tower .
tr	10	They were going to live in space .
tr	9	Maggie 's first chance to return home arrived , and she happily phoned home .
tr	10	Do you feel like yourself ? "
tr	11	" What do you need to keep an eye on us for ? "
tr	5	" Once a King , always a King , but once a Knight is enough . "
tr	6	More annoying laughter , but without a word , Matthew walked away with his adopted sister .
tr	10	" She can subdue a sub in a couple of seconds or sniff out all kinds of contraband . "
tr	10	The Prince had to work moisture back into his throat before speaking .
tr	10	I couldn 't tell if he was smiling or grinding his teeth .
tr	10	My muscles tightened up those few moments we slept in the brush .
tr	9	' Actually , I don 't think I was her first . '
tr	6	Under Helga 's critical eye , she couldn 't even get outside much at all .
tr	9	He only had a few seconds to make his decision and then he thought about Maria .
tr	11	Writing was my hobby as early as when I was seven years old .
tr	11	" No , thanks , I think if I sit down I will fall asleep .
tr	9	I have seen it , the fulfillment of the prophesies .
tr	10	It didn 't take long for the subway to abruptly brake and come to a stop .
tr	6	Lilly Ann gently put her index finger across his lips .
tr	6	The three men , all her age or maybe slightly older , kept a steady pace away from the craft .
tr	10	That was where he 'd seen it before .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	7	Seth thought about his answer a moment , but there was no need .
tr	11	Everybody was so excited that she gave a detailed report the day you left . "
tr	9	What in the world were they supposed to talk about ?
tr	7	Even from outside , the clatter of plates and glasses and the boisterous chatter of the diners could be heard .
tr	7	But if it were me and I had a Cloak in my lobby ... ? "
tr	6	" Yeah , so what happened to her ? "
tr	5	Now you know the big family secret . "
tr	6	He casually brushed ash off his bare chest .
tr	8	One after another the now shiny and cleaned engine parts disappeared under the back hatch of the van .
tr	6	I mean , at the party you helped , you drove me home and now there 's this . "
tr	10	Ahead , the room widens onto a platform , and is illuminated by a large hole in the ceiling .
tr	6	Come , sit down , my friend . "
tr	8	Ricky and Lex laughed and turned their backs on Tommy shaking their heads .
tr	11	' Sorry that it 's taking more than just tidying your room . '
tr	7	By the time he looked back for the large one , he was gone .
tr	5	However , a few snoring beggars littered the platform .
tr	8	" No such things as coincidences , " thought David , " thinking like that gets you killed . "
tr	10	Are we ready to close ? "
tr	10	This was the main reason he agreed to the weekly radio broadcasts in the first place .
tr	9	Always wanting to be popular and well-liked , never wanting to bear bad news . "
tr	6	Even in May , the winter snow made the road impassable without clearing .
tr	8	" It 's kind of night , " John said , standing up and absently patting his pony .
tr	6	With both hands he holds his pistol up and points ahead .
tr	10	I felt stupid for not doing it sooner , but nobody listened to AM anymore .
tr	5	" A younger , stupider , me just never saw it . "
tr	11	They 'll say they won 't hurt you , but it 's a lie .
tr	7	Anyway enough of all that guided tour stuff ... ... .
tr	8	A small tripod with a telescopic spotter 's scope sat on the floor in front of him .
tr	7	One had already fallen for his egalitarian ideas .
tr	9	Neil grinned to himself as he overheard the words ' dreamboat ' and ' gorgeous ' .
tr	8	This time I got to see Captain Osiris up close .
tr	7	I paused at the top and studied the scene below .
tr	9	he said , his back to the room as he gazed at the fading light .
tr	10	I 'm kind of starting from scratch .
tr	6	but that was eight wet seasons ago .
tr	6	The silhouette 's eye opens and focuses upon his naked flesh .
tr	8	She indicated an ivory table , and after an exchange of glances , the adventurers seated themselves .
tr	7	" Dip your hands in it , " Simon murmured .
tr	9	She stood on two wooden blocks nailed into the boards , leaning back against the tilted surface .
tr	7	They stood in a perfect line , not saying a word , their faces unreadable .
tr	10	he said , spinning to face her .
tr	8	Behind him he could hear the sounds of pursuit .
tr	10	' I just passed Calvin on the phone presumably gabbing to Raphael .
tr	8	I held him pinned there .
tr	11	" I know what we need to do next . "
tr	8	The halted platoon would then bring up the rear as the new reserve .
tr	7	" Now that sounds like a great idea and I can make a mean ham and cheese omelet . "
tr	9	Jim slid the baton back into his belt and walked out closing the door on his troubled friend .
tr	11	We have to try to save the others . "
tr	9	It was to protect motorcycle riders from themselves .
tr	8	Dizzy and tired he closed his eyes tight and tried to relax .
tr	9	Then I was needed in Jakarta for the final work , to finish off the deal .
tr	8	No one in the WTR would have committed such a cowardly and heinous act . "
tr	7	He groaned again , and I ran to his side .
tr	9	What , are you afraid I might attack ? "
tr	10	Who 's going to take us ? "
tr	8	You employed Steve as a land surveyor for a few years before his Pyramid scheme took off . "
tr	9	We stopped what we 're doing and ran after him .
tr	11	He seemed to read with alarm and then re-read the dispatch , his eyes jumping all over the page .
tr	5	" Maybe I am , and maybe I 'm not . "
tr	11	She was so delicate that he always had to be very careful .
tr	9	' Won 't the man object to us just waltzing into his place ? '
tr	9	There was no breeze , the sun was only just rising in the east , and everything was back to normal .
tr	8	He opened his mouth to respond , but then shut it .
tr	9	She asks , sounding just a little more intrusive than curious .
tr	5	" That 's a perfect idea ! "
tr	5	The night desert was quiet and still .
tr	8	Okay , that conversation never happened , but no one had to know .
tr	7	It certainly looks like a suicide but ... ... .
tr	8	All the guys knew the story by now : sapphire eyes , and Gabriel was instantly in love .
tr	7	" Finan , what happened ? "
tr	6	Inside the apartment the lights were on , all the lamps , everything turned up to full brightness .
tr	7	This time his anger was aimed at himself .
tr	11	Everyone grouped around and held their breath as I turned the lock and pulled the heavy door open .
tr	9	" Well , how was I supposed to know ?
tr	9	I bet you couldn 't learn it , though . "
tr	10	" I 'm getting a shuttle to Christchurch in about half an hour .
tr	8	By the dragon , Keen and his agents were leaning in close , watching it closely .
tr	10	Silence fell across the grassy opening as the little spotted heads popped up to listen .
tr	5	" Uh , well , see , Bubba , it 's not so simple . "
tr	6	" You insufferable -- " " Don 't waste your breath .
tr	8	" Let us not pretend that you know not what I mean . "
tr	5	" Does the café have a back door ? "
tr	9	Professor Cobb still came every day , rolling up his sleeves , taking charge , and digging in with the students .
tr	8	" The most important thing , " she lectured , " is that I feel good ! "
tr	8	Adele continued to regard him steadily .
tr	11	After a while the guard returned and they were escorted to a huge room filled with people .
tr	11	We 'd just exited one that had a large " E , " the eastern wing .
tr	10	She picked herself up off the floor , brushing crumbs off her pants in a daze .
tr	7	He feigned shock and realization , " Wow !
tr	9	Lea started to chase after Julie .
tr	7	The other two wore local dress and also looked like women .
tr	8	Let us not think , or talk , of it anymore . "
tr	7	Shock crossed Malcolm 's face and he paled .
tr	10	" I 'm going to get us out of here , now . "
tr	8	He ended the call , his eyes never leaving my face .
tr	6	Alejo evened his breathing and willed his weak arm still .
tr	5	" She needs volume NOW .
tr	11	My dad , before he died , used to think I was special .
tr	6	They just kissed and he stroked her arms , face or hair .
tr	11	He looked at Mark and nodded , motioning him to answer in the affirmative .
tr	7	The bundle in the trunk shifts whenever the car turns .
tr	9	All the lines on their faces come from the smiles they wear .
tr	11	" Maybe you 'll want to keep that in this treasure box .
tr	10	Skipping and jumping and swinging from trees was not quite enough to quench his thirst for lofty heights .
tr	9	The womb lacked many things , but it was a place of perfect psychological and physical safety .
tr	5	" As a waiter , I notice these things . "
tr	11	Ethan started to say something but Sampson turned away and continued walking , calling back over his shoulder .
tr	8	Other purchases included blue and white paint , black clothing dye , bleach and a sizable rectangle of black fabric .
tr	10	" That fudge seems to work .
tr	8	His wife Judy was killed in a hit and run while jogging one morning .
tr	8	Her eyes pleaded with him to ease her fears away .
tr	8	" Your path has never been of thoughtless strength , but of courage .
tr	11	I hope it 's like riding a bicycle . "
tr	8	The sun shone down intensely , not a cloud in the sky .
tr	6	The sub-zero climate on the mountain top was very dehydrating .
tr	10	Shall I keep one of them alive ?
tr	7	Dangling from the belt were an empty pistol holster and a leather sheath containing a long slender dagger .
tr	11	David and Jennie were sitting in the Dragon enjoying a pint after a day of paperwork .
tr	8	" That 's enough , " he said , his voice cutting through the fray .
tr	9	Do you have any questions ? "
tr	9	I 'm trained to withstand interrogation .
tr	5	" Yes , yes well ... " " Have you gotten that out yet ? "
tr	11	Tell me where we 're going to go .
tr	6	" Did you find it after the accident ? "
tr	11	Well , the only purpose I know of is to keep from selling the land !
tr	7	And others of her kind may come at her cries .
tr	8	When she had her house clean , she went to Three Baskets ' and cleaned her house .
tr	9	That was part of the Rump 's charm , he supposed .
tr	11	One day the dog didn 't bark in exactly the way she was ordered .
tr	8	Collectively regaining their footing , the children decide to resume their retreat .
tr	8	We would often go for long walks and discuss his past .
tr	8	I have to shower and grab some breakfast .
tr	7	Minutes later the fog slowly lifted , and the carnage could be seen .
tr	6	He seemed a nice fellow though , so I offered my hand .
tr	5	' I know , I heard you the first time . '
tr	7	" I like dreaming , Doctor Everett , " Warrior states , her tone ominous .
tr	5	The prince 's heavy jaws set stubbornly .
tr	7	They wore their backpacks with their familiar long guns attached .
tr	8	He looked at his brother officers , seeing solemn agreement on their faces .
tr	8	Benton reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper .
tr	7	" Good lord , never thought Id see the day , look come over here and drop that silly gown . "
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	8	During the soundcheck Danny casually said , ' Just noticed , we 've all got black instruments . '
tr	7	Sitting on his bed , he examined it closely .
tr	8	It was hard to focus .
tr	6	" It was not your fault , " the voice repeated , harder and firmer .
tr	5	Maybe -- " " Maybe , hell ! "
tr	8	Darts of Air disappeared as if they had never been .
tr	9	" According to your med scans , you are as powerful if not more powerful than I am .
tr	8	" Scattering the Winds , that 's what it 's called . "
tr	10	She is the one who has corrupted Simon .
tr	8	Having little choice he placed the boy down on the sand and sat next to him facing the beach .
tr	10	youthful and hard but it was Wendy that caught him aback .
tr	8	For a while , they stood there , the thumping of his heart in her ears .
tr	8	Gunnar awoke in the middle of the night .
tr	6	Whatever you want , you can get it .
tr	6	The refrigerator was huge , bottles of all different labels and sizes filled it from head to toe .
tr	8	All politicians do stuff like that , " she said .
tr	8	Before he could recover and attack again , Gan was upright , ready .
tr	10	He 'll claim you 're an imposter , and they 'd believe him .
tr	11	There 's no way he could have survived his seventeenth death ! '
tr	10	Our flight from takeoff to landing on the asteroid is expected to require approximately twelve days .
tr	10	He is far too fatigued to consider the phantom 's words , and besides , Mai is probably right .
tr	8	No trace of any vial holding a magic , glowing cure .
tr	9	Who trips on purpose ? )
tr	11	Are they going to arrest him ? "
tr	9	" She aids her chosen , " Navi explains , fearless in the face of a god .
tr	9	The wife had heard a rumor that there were mountain lions around .
tr	11	Aria asks with surprise , wondering about the strangeness in Warrior 's voice .
tr	7	' And they 're brothers as well , ' he said , grinning weakly .
tr	6	" At least six horses with riders . "
tr	8	It 's the perfect time for such things , and you know how His Majesty gets .
tr	10	To see if I was ok ? "
tr	8	They thought it was unbeatable .
tr	6	Patience was his only friend just now .
tr	6	It wasn 't what God wanted .
tr	9	All his personal stuff was still in the house including his personal laptop and his mobile phone .
tr	5	A wise move , I would say . "
tr	8	not to die for his country but to make the other bastard die for his .
tr	8	Lucas complimented her for both following company policy and keeping the evidence intact , such as it was .
tr	5	He made good time . "
tr	10	He was not sure what to say next or even if he should move .
tr	5	Riki 's house lacked the guards , though .
tr	9	He blamed the wave on karma and we continued to have a good laugh .
tr	9	' Nine years passed and they managed to stay concealed .
tr	10	" Do you think we can ? "
tr	5	" Yeah , umm Mark -- Mark Barnes . "
tr	11	As nobody initially saw her faint , I am worried that it might have been a fit .
tr	9	He was starting to become frightened .
tr	6	The younger Lyndon looked off into the underbrush .
tr	8	They paused halfway up the stairs , and he whispered in her ear , nuzzling her neck .
tr	9	" Actually Minister , I wanted to talk to you about Zeal . "
tr	7	" We should have done more . "
tr	6	In that time , Douglas Ashton and his mother Monique had not changed their habits one iota .
tr	10	Heather you need to leave .
tr	10	Without much delay , we threw Kurt and the other prisoner into a large cupboard in a corner of the kitchen .
tr	5	" He 's dying ? "
tr	6	He made a rough , slimy noise in his throat and spat on the floor .
tr	6	He drank and set it down carefully on a fragile saucer .
tr	8	Connie invited them out to the Glen for the weekend .
tr	7	You would have liked each other .
tr	8	As it rose above the rooftops , it cast long shadows across the landscape .
tr	5	Shadows from the trees sweep over us in bands .
tr	7	He pulled Maggie 's left arm and she dropped down beside him in the cattails .
tr	10	" Victoria went to the office that afternoon and told the staff she had not seen me .
tr	8	It hung down about twenty feet ; a cage was suspended in midair by the huge chain .
tr	9	Keen took aim and began firing his pistol at the dragon .
tr	10	" Something you have been missing for many a year , old friend .
tr	8	I gripped the straps of my backpack and studied the house .
tr	5	My feet found a stance .
tr	7	He was watching her now with curiosity .
tr	11	I was incredibly fond of that feature , and it had only started to grow in fully in recent months .
tr	11	The average person didn 't know that secret security sensors scanned their card wherever they went .
tr	5	" Ano ne , " ( Umm ) he began .
tr	8	Leah was fighting next to him , and even in the midst of the bloodshed she was breathtaking .
tr	11	Or as I 'd like you to believe . "
tr	8	The rifle inadvertently fired and Connor quickly knocked the man off the yacht and into the water .
tr	6	" Please answer the question , " the agent said .
tr	7	' Do they know this ? '
tr	6	The dates , our equipment , the town 's own secret phrases . )
tr	7	Men were following behind him .
tr	10	Henry , my father , isn 't strong enough to keep Karen under control .
tr	5	In the next mirror my head and body were short and fat .
tr	10	You have no idea what I did and why I did it !
tr	8	Five minutes later , the men had broken the entire crate away , revealing a battered metal box within .
tr	11	Of course , this is all on computer printouts , and you will make sure we are correct .
tr	8	The man took a drag of his cigarette and sized Noah up .
tr	6	" Uh , no ... it 's not really a ... a rank like that . "
tr	8	Closing the drawer , Mason turned and performed one more quick survey of the room .
tr	10	I promise I won 't come above ground with you . '
tr	8	" You said you had some news ? "
tr	8	She stood up to look out the window again .
tr	8	Dresden makes a disappointed face and strides confident toward the chamber .
tr	7	" My wedding present to you , " Maria said .
tr	10	Sarah turned over in bed and put her hand out to touch her husband 's shoulder .
tr	7	He said , " Are you under power or sail sir ? "
tr	5	" Have you checked the ten commandments out lately ? "
tr	9	Obviously something has been going on over there but he didn 't elaborate . "
tr	8	As we spoke of him , the German shepherd wandered into the light .
tr	6	" Good , " Taylor agreed , " come on , let 's have a look around . "
tr	8	" Had to look natural , didn 't it ?
tr	6	" Paul , " I said , but the black wolf , our wolf pack leader , was gone .
tr	8	" Do you have -- " " Yeah .
tr	6	Since the kiss that morning , Neal hadn 't renewed his attentions .
tr	11	The portal leading into the Sacred Realm has vanished , the three combatants standing about the empty pedestal of time .
tr	9	He thought about her violent death and the injustice of it all .
tr	8	Please stand by and transport will be there in a few minutes . "
tr	8	She must have a week 's supply left in her suitcase .
tr	9	The road carried the small car up and out of the desert , into the beginnings of Arizona 's coniferous forests .
tr	8	He had Red Talon to himself now , and he worked his magic .
tr	9	She flicked the turn signal and changed lanes to catch the next exit .
tr	11	Is she going to hate me ? "
tr	8	Let 's go , " he yelled out to me with deep impatience in his voice .
tr	10	Forbidden stops the design , or building , of what is not wanted .
tr	6	He crossed the street and turned the corner .
tr	7	" I 'm sure of it .
tr	9	The girl stood up , rolling up the map and tucking it under her arm .
tr	6	Suddenly , with no warning whatsoever , a stranger was upright and walking .
tr	11	Charles sat down at the small table , taking a deep breath before reaching for the phone .
tr	8	Her eyes met his , large , wondering , and soft .
tr	9	A feign into an uppercut , and the sting of electricity is becoming too much to bear .
tr	5	" Then hurry , he has the lead .
tr	7	I go here all the time in Cochabamba .
tr	7	Some of the money fell out of their pockets , but was still floating nearby .
tr	7	He tucked his body in close and squeezed with all his might .
tr	9	" You told me that there was a fire , " the boy said .
tr	6	" You are here , my lady , the camp is not fifty yards away . "
tr	7	What changed everyone 's mind ? "
tr	10	I suppose I understand him feeling guilty , with the uncertainty and all .
tr	9	He leaned over in a huddle with the girls and started giving instructions .
tr	7	" You were always a lucky lad , but that is unbelievable luck , " said William .
tr	8	' I 'm going to New York , ' I murmured .
tr	7	She did not take her eyes from the heads .
tr	6	" He 's awake , " said Jimmy .
tr	7	Miriam stumped upstairs beside Mana 's graceful stride .
tr	9	I knew the team could complete this work .
tr	11	Nathan realized with a start that they were near the outskirts of his home town .
tr	9	He led them down the narrow corridor to the command center where he and Llama had found the map .
tr	10	From their positions they seemed to have fought to the death .
tr	7	Then he turned , a lamp in hand , and strode off down the narrow corridor .
tr	6	France 's surrender crushed him ; he was never the same afterwards . "
tr	8	That really irritated Jimmy , now wearing sneakers , khaki pants and an untucked , gray , short-sleeve shirt .
tr	6	They walked back to the car .
tr	5	' Well that certainly changed the mood round here .
tr	5	" Why , Lora , you big hussy , " Tara teased .
tr	7	The wolf stared hard , his eyes piercing .
tr	8	He remained still , not pulling away , fixed to that spot .
tr	5	" Sly foxes , " he called them .
tr	9	She pulled a handkerchief from the bodice of her dress , wetting it in the water and wiping her face .
tr	9	He had to keep moving .
tr	9	The General had just reminded him of the importance of the original mission .
tr	7	She looked at the Bastian tech and gestured towards the keyboards .
tr	8	I used to be idealistic , like you .
tr	11	A fellow soldier would be able to get closer , " Alex said .
tr	7	Both are marked urgent . "
tr	9	While I 'd finished up my work for Spy Games , Jolie 's minions had destroyed my entry .
tr	9	He pointed out a door in the left corner of the cabin .
tr	9	Incredibly , the station then returned to regular broadcasting before going off the air for good .
tr	6	" Uh ... Hi , Elizabeth , " said Glock , with a guilty face , scratching his head .
tr	7	The Barrier Forest would still be several leagues distant .
tr	9	Should he return to the safety of his warm bed and wait for the orderlies to return ?
tr	10	she remarked trying to be smart .
tr	8	" Couldn 't this have waited until after breakfast ? "
tr	6	It is ' yes ' , now or it is ' no ' , forever . "
tr	6	" Then why didn 't she - " Clary began , and broke off , suddenly horrified .
tr	5	Or even with Alex or Christy ? "
tr	9	I frowned as I stared at the black chopper landing on the lawn .
tr	6	" Well , I 'm -- " " Good , " Akira interrupted .
tr	8	Any attempt to make land might expose them as combatants and draw fire from either side .
tr	9	I crawled along the side of the house until I got to the kitchen window .
tr	9	It was dark and no one was there to save her .
tr	8	I hope it 's a school night .
tr	11	Care to share the story how the two of you met ? "
tr	11	I turned to avoid running right into him .
tr	7	Furnace put the port on the table and took the tray instead .
tr	11	Rand 's eyes travelled to where Adele was disappearing into the tent .
tr	9	Zero 's sensors exploded with the sudden surge of multiple moving targets all rushing at him .
tr	11	I struggled to hold back the words churning in my mind .
tr	11	She had not even realised that she had become emotionally involved .
tr	7	" I hate wasting time .
tr	7	A quick search on the internet threw up several possibilities and Claire was soon booked up .
tr	8	At least you didn 't get me out of bed this time , " a smile in her voice .
tr	10	" Pedro , I want you to meet my husband , Roberto de Ville , " she announced with pride .
tr	6	A second man joined him quickly , and then many more .
tr	6	" Go , sweetheart , now , " I urged , she nodded and shot off .
tr	8	During this period grandmother prayed for everyone , she was old and very wise .
tr	6	And a section of the wall slid open , stone grinding against stone in the quiet room .
tr	6	His eyes , hollow and lifeless , glimmered with glee in the blue glow .
tr	9	" Trust me , he 'll feel it a lot longer than you , " Mark said .
tr	10	Then they were ordered to do the same again , and again .
tr	10	" And if you should defeat me , you are free to take your woman and leave this place . "
tr	8	As the burning in his throat died out , he realized he had a massive headache .
tr	9	It meant he was in trouble .
tr	9	It 's going to be fine . "
tr	9	What have you gotten yourself mixed up in this time ? "
tr	8	The bodyguard hesitated a bit and looked around this way and that .
tr	10	" That means someone was following you and changed its location when you weren 't looking .
tr	8	I couldn 't speak for the others , but I was simply wrung out , physically and emotionally .
tr	11	" I guess it has to be done . "
tr	5	* * * * * Adam 's eyes snapped open suddenly .
tr	8	questioned Robbie in his broad Glasgow accent , " two on watch ... . .
tr	5	Last year they let off some firecrackers .
tr	7	I 'm not afraid , she told herself , only hungry .
tr	7	An approaching wave of flame is easily sidestepped as Link charges back into the fray .
tr	7	Oh , for heaven 's sake , Miriam thought .
tr	5	" No , Bo Peep , I don 't , " I bit out .
tr	8	The fact that she was a caster didn 't matter .
tr	8	As soon as they straightened up the loud farts began again .
tr	5	" To your health , gentle folk . "
tr	9	Castle gave no warning before he was knocking down our gates .
tr	10	I glared at him , trying to hide my reaction .
tr	6	" Oh , yes , I do that ... for movies and TV .
tr	8	They eventually came to rest on a rise in the snow , about thirty feet from the bottom .
tr	7	But what if I missed ?
tr	8	At last , someone else that will be calling me by my Christian name .
tr	6	" You are late , " Nia replied in slight accusing tone .
tr	7	I glanced around at the sound , but paused instantly .
tr	10	She wouldn 't be able to play the fool there .
tr	6	" Oh , Errand , " she laughed , " you 're an absolutely delightful boy . "
tr	9	VIN needed to transfer three canisters into the space station .
tr	7	Atticus slide the knife down Merit Badges arm and made a small prick .
tr	8	Tyler reaches down and lifts a black metal blade , with a sharp silver edge , from the ground .
tr	9	Sofia called as they draw near the clearing .
tr	6	We can leave now . "
tr	9	I beat feet to the other side of the car and cover my ears .
tr	8	What 's wrong with him ? "
tr	9	Noah was running up the hill panting , with a hundred screaming Quechua kids close on his heels .
tr	6	Oh , there were phone calls and emails back and forth , but it wasn 't the same .
tr	6	I returned the nod , threw my ceremonial robe off , and raised my staff .
tr	6	But he kept reading , as usual .
tr	6	' That 's correct , ' I answered truthfully .
tr	10	The highway was designed to keep traffic going .
tr	5	Wisdom and concern swam in the amber depths of his eyes .
tr	10	Ed was a director , used to ordering people around .
tr	9	Instead their physical and spiritual being will be torn between times and they will cease to exist .
tr	7	" It could instill respect , " argued Karo , a younger councilor in his thirties .
tr	10	" You didn 't even tell me you found it , Rick , " she scolded him .
tr	7	" Say something , you stupid cow , " he snarled .
tr	10	He was playing something unrecognizable for the times , but sweet and hypnotizing nonetheless .
tr	10	Llama looked up the small hill and saw Sergeant Wingnut standing there , awaiting his signal .
tr	7	They kissed each other again and again , each one more intense than the last , then , " Ow ! "
tr	9	Why hadn 't Sandra asked me that question ?
tr	8	I stare at the stranger 's shoes between my tears .
tr	11	Then how come I couldn 't do it too ?
tr	5	His brother Lonnie was little .
tr	7	Right now it 's like a steam bath out there and the smells and such carry for miles . "
tr	7	A return to England is sounding better and better all the while . "
tr	11	I 'm not going to take my time killing you .
tr	6	Her voice more gentle , she said , " But in the end you lost . "
tr	10	Raj hadn 't told him what to wear .
tr	6	" Um ... Dad ... about that party last night , you know , the big one on the beach ?
tr	9	Inside the fortress was an enormous courtyard where horses were tethered and large wagons tied .
tr	8	What do you want done with them ? "
tr	9	While Chris had been thinking those things , his mind drifted .
tr	10	" Fuel for the return flight is in permanent tanks in the compartment dividing walls . "
tr	6	" Lesson for the day .
tr	6	" He punched me , " Cricket shrieked , his voice high-pitched and frightened .
tr	8	My head was screaming ' stop talking ' , but my ever-growing vehemence refused to quit .
tr	11	So why would he have turned to Rafe for help ?
tr	11	I wasted absolutely no time at all in refocusing my single-minded quest for the way out of these woods .
tr	9	And suddenly he knew he 'd missed her .
tr	10	A child throwing a tantrum with the pillars could well kill him , and then who could save Landon ?
tr	10	The man started to retort with a smart reply and then looked down at the military identification card and paused .
tr	8	" Very good , " he congratulated Camden without dropping his serious demeanor .
tr	11	I don 't wear much makeup , so doing that one-handed is easy .
tr	10	" With all do respect , Commander , all I can do at the moment is fly .
tr	10	He was getting older now and starting to feel it .
tr	11	Then he turned off the flashlight and they both strained to see any glimmer of light that there might be .
tr	5	I giggle , nodding , accept the offered new necktie cell .
tr	8	He was moving about somewhat and had probably been there for sometime .
tr	10	Feeling glad to leave the shed , I stepped out into the night air .
tr	7	And from it emerge a mass of land , forming a bridge leading to the other brink .
tr	8	Now here he couldn 't seem to leave .
tr	10	Extra tanks will be installed on the cargo bay walls behind the cockpit .
tr	7	" Okay , " he shifted uneasily , " but only if I kin sit by th ' window . "
tr	9	The person who I am travelling with is a retired investigator who I 've hired .
tr	11	" I 'm small enough to reach the switch unnoticed , " said Stubby .
tr	8	" Maybe we should go back and move the stove , " Ricky said .
tr	9	Yep ... it 's all she needed .
tr	8	Deepa did not answer and simply stared into Simon 's eyes .
tr	11	His hopes sank when he took in the scene in front of him .
tr	7	Bending on one knee slightly , I dropped my left shoulder a little and raised my right arm up .
tr	9	She willed herself to be calm and to think .
tr	5	" Hi Mac , " said William .
tr	6	Father saved us that day without wavering .
tr	9	" Cutlass and Banshee will be assigned to the palace and the surrounding area .
tr	9	Other than a whimpering whine Scott heard nothing from the animal .
tr	7	she gasped again , less fear and more irritation lacing her voice now .
tr	11	I guess we can do whatever we want . "
tr	11	Vivian and I are Vampires but we 're not the creatures you read about in myth .
tr	9	Ebisu is also the only deity among the seven to originate in Japan .
tr	6	But there was something else out there today , waiting .
tr	6	I looked out the window and gasped .
tr	10	Tori shook her head a little and tried to focus on the board .
tr	9	I understand the UFO is in full order . "
tr	8	We spurred our horses on faster , racing towards the cattle .
tr	11	She would spend an hour just sitting holding her hand and then leave after talking with her caregiver .
tr	7	" I 'll bring back milk and eggs , " he promised .
tr	10	Why the other children are driven to harass him at every turn .
tr	8	All the people in the room were focused on their jobs ; following any orders given with quick precision .
tr	5	By the way , good job not getting shot last night . "
tr	5	A soft click like a latch unhooking .
tr	9	The bodyguard wiped his bloodied mouth with the back of his hand and moved his lower jaw sideways gingerly .
tr	9	Its arms absorbed most of the energy of its charge .
tr	5	" Yes my Queen , of course , we will not falter ! "
tr	7	" I don 't quite know yet , " said Anderson quietly .
tr	10	The bursts lasted only heartbeats , but it was enough to do the job .
tr	8	I wanted to hear it .
tr	9	" He wishes I were more like Rafe .
tr	6	The butler 's voice rang out , harsh and angry .
tr	6	" Back at it , then , " the officer rasps with disgust .
tr	6	" May I ask you a personal question ? "
tr	7	Abby said quickly , realizing her bloomer .
tr	11	" You are a person of interest in the destruction of Northgate . "
tr	9	On the street with a spring in his step Danny talked about 10,000 Faces .
tr	8	" So when the Vampires became pregnant their own bodies viewed the unborn child as an unwanted virus . "
tr	6	She still performed with him now and again , on special nights , like New Years Eve .
tr	7	I read over it again , but I didn 't believe it .
tr	8	His tradecraft screamed at him to get out now .
tr	6	" Trust me , " he said , " these guys are wide awake right now . "
tr	9	' Doorman said he arrived two days ago .
tr	5	" Eda , Finn is Lord Rafe ! "
tr	8	Until he grabbed my arm and yanked me back into the room .
tr	9	She could not believe what she had done .
tr	9	Ricky was patting the tailgate at the back of the truck .
tr	11	They sat in silence for a few minutes as the cars in front of them disembarked .
tr	10	I believe that will settle our account in full . "
tr	9	As it landed I rolled over on top of it and then was thrown away . "
tr	11	Her face lit like a firework then fell dark as she remembered his behaviour the day before .
tr	9	From his vantage he could hear and see all the activity in the mouth of the cave .
tr	10	He was going to get himself burned .
tr	10	" Take me to where you last saw him , " he said .
tr	9	I drink a little , and felt how the blood was rushing .
tr	11	Why not tell her you needed time away to think ? "
tr	7	All but the Indian had scarves tied around their heads and necks .
tr	9	" Does Chase told you all those things that he 'd been hiding all those years ?
tr	10	He made his circuits short and his software glitch whenever he was around .
tr	10	Several large cargo boxes had been stuffed full of electronic and paper files .
tr	8	He thought I was weak .
tr	8	2nd Street ran along the edge of town , through a small industrial area of old mill buildings .
tr	8	His team needed him to kill this girl .
tr	6	Finally Folly spoke , his smile vanishing from his lips , saying , ' Do not do this rash thing .
tr	9	He has an evil spirit that controls him .
tr	5	The hovel , like most , was only a single chamber .
tr	8	And once barge service started and transport became a regular thing , everything would get back to normal .
tr	8	He tried to appease Roberto .
tr	11	I guess people need to feel safe .
tr	11	' We 're not to be disturbed under any circumstances .
tr	7	Jason looks down at the helpless dancer and whispers , " Aria , hang on . "
tr	10	" Well let me hear all about it ! "
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	8	Do you really care ? "
tr	11	" I don 't know when I 've felt more relaxed !
tr	8	I could practically feel the men chasing us .
tr	7	" Are you kidding me ?
tr	9	You pitiful vermin call yourself warriors ? "
tr	6	We 'll find fresh fruit and vegetables . "
tr	5	" But one more move and I cut him . "
tr	10	Why had she decided to betray her in this way ?
tr	8	For the first time since the ordeal began she turned , pressed herself into him , and cried .
tr	7	She typed a message to him and nearly instantly got a reply .
tr	5	He writes about betrayal , about loneliness , about longing , about insecurity , about sex .
tr	6	That morning 's conversation with her father still echoed in her mind .
tr	7	Yet , he could have sworn ... A faint whispering sound pulled his attention from the crystals .
tr	11	" He just wants people to think he 's you . "
tr	10	Faro of course was angry with her for openly choosing me over him and he shunned her for a few days .
tr	7	" I know you are .
tr	9	" You never told him how Grand found out about me . "
tr	5	" Repair the veins and arteries ?
tr	9	Maybe he rests after he ices his victim , hangs around .
tr	8	He could see a tinge of light .
tr	8	Jason asks , with surprising calm .
tr	6	" First I 'll cook , then we 'll eat . "
tr	7	He walked across to the opposite wall , stood before a large silver plate , and closed his eyes .
tr	9	Hell , there 's even a legend about me up in the Port of Valour .
tr	11	I thought about the stories she had told me and how things just didn 't happen like that anymore .
tr	7	Josie and Jimmy stood quietly , side by side , watching Mark .
tr	7	Just then they heard a cry from above and they looked to the sky .
tr	5	" It is a beautiful scar . "
tr	10	" I don 't know if that 's a good idea , " he said .
tr	7	The four soldiers walked forward , wary and en masse .
tr	8	Father and son had steered wide of the noise and the crowd .
tr	7	With a now open and clear exit , Nate and Cady disappeared from the room and sprinted down the hall .
tr	9	" Lace and Natasha ; you will be assigned to the port .
tr	8	They sneak up on a man , and sometimes let go with a terrible roar . "
tr	8	If she were dead all webs would end , and Landon would be free .
tr	6	At least as much as a troubled juvenile delinquent and a straight-laced boy genius could be friends .
tr	8	Hooking on , he looked up to see the cargo bay door opening .
tr	5	" Oh , my dear , " Milne laughed again .
tr	9	It had seats for two people in an enclosed cab and a small dump bed in the back .
tr	10	" Expensive stuff , what they going to do , start a bloody war ?
tr	6	Still further down in the pack , Melody found Ted 's " home-made goodies . "
tr	8	Destro instinctively looked to the Baroness and saw Nirvana running toward her while firing at something overhead .
tr	9	" No ... no ... touchy , " he continued -- -- and again .
tr	8	" Here , " came her voice from an enormous coil of rope .
tr	8	" Are you alright Connor ? "
tr	10	" I can 't even talk to a girl without you acting like this . "
tr	8	I closed the door behind him with a sense of relief .
tr	9	They had been in a bus accident , and she didn 't know where Noah was .
tr	6	Rafe paused and resumed his pacing .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " Campbell said .
tr	7	' Yes , ' I replied in a carefully neutral tone .
tr	8	I simply had to see him .
tr	8	The angel was quick , moving like a blur .
tr	7	Those words danced in my head and in my heart , lifting my spirits .
tr	6	" I love you , my Rosa . "
tr	7	" You too , mon ami , " she took a deep breath and started walking .
tr	9	She can hear sparking and the acrid smell of burning circuitry .
tr	8	Ricky asked bobbing up and down with his arms at his side .
tr	9	Do you have any food ? "
tr	10	" He seemed to take a big part in their attack on us .
tr	10	It was so good not to be spied on !
tr	10	She wished she 'd spent more time at the range herself .
tr	8	If they had gotten this far Scott wondered how much further they could get .
tr	11	Do I seem familiar to you ? "
tr	7	She looked straight at Lonnie and added , " Like some people . "
tr	6	" Thirty plus enemy , roughly fifteen meters aft of my position . "
tr	5	" Em ... Sure it is , " Matthew carefully agreed .
tr	7	* * * Amanda waved to Paul as the two negotiators headed down the freeway with a Stryker Company for transport .
tr	10	" You just need to do what I say ! "
tr	6	Esmeralda , Robert and Mr. Comstock took seats on the couch opposite Mr. Chandrasekhar .
tr	6	On my second step , a sudden , deep crack snapped open beneath my rearmost foot .
tr	7	Besides , I 've told you before .
tr	8	" It 's about executing a mission .
tr	7	007 , now please repeat your surveillance program instructions for the afternoon . "
tr	7	She smiled and went back to her sandwich .
tr	7	You 'll get us all killed !
tr	8	I have a very pleasant errand for you , " he said pausing for dramatic effect .
tr	8	She isn 't afraid for herself , she 's afraid for me .
tr	11	What her punishment would be depended on the outcome but for the present , I was content to watch her sweat .
tr	8	She scanned the vacant courtyard between the barn and the house .
tr	7	" Exactly , " Lisa replies with a nervous smile and a slight laugh .
tr	6	The second he smiled , you smiled back and left . "
tr	11	' You gave us all quite a shock when you started breathing again , ' he said bluntly .
tr	6	" Hex Hall ... Look , it wasn 't my favorite place , but it wasn 't a bad place .
tr	6	She stutters , " Jason , why ... " " Pay attention .
tr	6	" Howdy Steve , " he nodded to the man at the other desk .
tr	7	He ran and caught it on the fly and then tossed it back to me .
tr	9	So as it is with the mountain , it is with this war , " I replied .
tr	10	The darkness didn 't bother me , but I was a little apprehensive about gaining access to the city .
tr	7	Frantic , she ripped a red satin table cloth from a nearby table and tied it around her naked body .
tr	8	She thought as she watched his retreating back .
tr	8	" You 're doing this for my own good .
tr	6	But then a huge black cloud appeared and enveloped the whole ship .
tr	11	I was tired of being pitched to .
tr	10	For once in her life , she left more than was there when she arrived .
tr	8	Just throw an edge guard on it and let 's get going . "
tr	7	' Don 't know ' I replied .
tr	6	Look , someone is at the garden gate ! "
tr	11	I think he knew what was coming .
tr	5	True spirits , I even love his soul .
tr	7	" And the sail price for the girl and the rest ? "
tr	9	They did try to surge me .
tr	9	It will use a lot less fuel too if it runs better . "
tr	10	Let us know where you are .
tr	7	The windows in the small room were covered by rickety bamboo blinds .
tr	11	And even though the cousins didn 't understand the language he was speaking they began listening very attentively .
tr	11	If Tork wanted me to go with him , then that 's what I would do .
tr	5	Up here it 's all reception suites , canteens and cleaning cupboards .
tr	11	Did they not find what we left behind ? "
tr	10	It will be interesting to tame her .
tr	10	White Wolves : A species of Great Wolves with snow-white coats , blue eyes , and viciously territorial tendencies .
tr	10	We may send everything else later , but we 'll see how he behaves tomorrow first . "
tr	6	And just one other thing dad , we do not want any special treatment .
tr	10	The snake hissed menacingly and reared up ready to strike .
tr	9	There were at least fifteen of them , dressed in black suits and armed with guns and swords .
tr	6	Behind them , an empty passage led into the facility .
tr	8	I think I heard something . "
tr	11	" Just someone I was going to stay with in Denver .
tr	7	" Just enough power to get them there , " I concluded .
tr	8	No sooner had she entered the farmyard than she was attacked by their vicious dog .
tr	10	" He seems to be looking back towards our way .
tr	9	I 've seen you practice with your axe often -- and win duels , at that .
tr	10	If you do not know the rage in their hearts over this atrocity , you will soon see its effects . "
tr	6	A multitude of tiny lights slowly swirled in a large sphere formation above it .
tr	11	Jane , where 're we going to go ?
tr	10	They both became very thirsty and needed to get out of the hot sun .
tr	9	I thought you didn 't trust them . "
tr	8	" We don 't have a month , doctor , " Jason replies angrily .
tr	10	" I tend to get what I want . "
tr	9	It was simple for them to get into position , with the bandits drinking and shouting .
tr	9	Cade tore his eyes from the smooth curve of her ankles to look up at her face .
tr	9	I was told it was wonderful !
tr	9	Working up the nerve , he steps off the ledge , plummeting to the ground below without a word .
tr	10	And please take a moment to explore my other offerings .
tr	8	" My people just had their noses bloodied by these guys and would like a little payback .
tr	9	" He reminds me a lot of you , the same courage and persistence .
tr	5	" Please , Finn , stop ! "
tr	8	Link smiled , raising his voice to its normal level .
tr	11	To disturb that stillness would place everything in peril .
tr	6	Silence came and their little conversation had ended but the rain never stops .
tr	7	Once the car had stopped , the inspector turned in his seat and faced Simon .
tr	5	And her hair , sometimes it gets loose .
tr	8	When you don 't get fresh fruit and stuff your bones start to go bad . "
tr	9	Once she saw his naive earnestness , she smiled inwardly , letting him go on .
tr	10	" From the way they moved , it looked like they were balanced by tails . "
tr	6	The rifleman was either a terrible shot , or Bax wasn 't the target .
tr	8	Feeling sickened by the waste , I eluded the man 's swing and slashed the legs of the passing mount .
tr	10	It was another Mia who returned to the apartment .
tr	5	Today , the year 1413 , the God question still remains unanswered . "
tr	10	He wasn 't worried about being given away .
tr	9	" I thought that you 'll not show up . "
tr	10	That 's when the brat took advantage of MY situation .
tr	7	Alejo 's mind seemed full of sludge .
tr	11	It was the second time I had heard my grandmother 's voice .
tr	8	He looked up at her with his mouth hanging open .
tr	9	Josie 's lips trembled and she tried to hold back tears .
tr	10	Send two men each from the front and rear to pick up the Americans .
tr	6	Jacob tried the carriage door ; of course it was locked .
tr	7	Eben looked back over his shoulder and saw the furious beast leap over the ridge and run after him .
tr	7	All he said was , " We 'll see . "
tr	5	So , you choose again .
tr	7	Then she began to snore .
tr	7	The inertia of the wave 's arc stripped stone from the roads , water from the collapsed canals .
tr	9	From the depths of her sleep Natalie murmured : " He is torturing me , he 's torturing me .
tr	7	" You mean a place to travel ? "
tr	8	Now I know where he 's injured .
tr	10	Let us hope it lasts .
tr	9	" Well , that was good for us Mark , " said Kenichi .
tr	8	So he waited until she was done .
tr	8	" He 's settled in for the night .
tr	9	You always bring him up at every opportunity , just when we 're having a nice chat . "
tr	10	Local government officials arrived by the dozens and were impressed by what they saw .
tr	9	He slowly lowered the Glock and clutched at the wound beneath his left clavicle with a painful wince .
tr	10	Now everyone sit down so we get started . "
tr	8	Wayland smiles up at his captain as his eyes admire her fit female form .
tr	11	The teens sat around the campfire , quietly eating , no one wanting to discuss their discovery .
tr	6	The City of the Angels This time the starship took them in an ever increasing upward trajectory .
tr	10	" I haven 't seen Abby in like a year , I thought maybe you broke up , " Kaylie said .
tr	5	19 , 20 , 21 and finally 22 .
tr	6	Apparently all the hours of practice were paying off !
tr	7	Her gaze darted to him , then away , never meeting his stare .
tr	5	" What 's your name ? "
tr	8	The footsteps crunched through the snow right behind him , only two steps .
tr	10	I breathe in , close my eyes and jump , letting instinct take my body .
tr	10	No one has been asked into his home for thirty years . "
tr	7	She was definitely being spied on .
tr	5	' Ah , yes , ' said the old man . '
tr	5	" Hello , Toby , " said Victoria .
tr	10	She told us about it , but she was the only one who saw him . "
tr	9	" Toby , can you show us what you 're seeing ? "
tr	7	Her limbs were slender and athletic , her body already burgeoning into a young woman 's elegant curves .
tr	9	There was no way Claus could escape .
tr	7	" What is your name , anyway ? "
tr	8	They rambled ahead feeling their way forward , touching most every tree and limb , often stumbling awkwardly .
tr	9	you 'll see a game trail ... . .
tr	7	The woods were dangerous tonight , tonight and every night .
tr	11	Elise wanted to lead & she could .
tr	11	A joyous giggle that came from somewhere deep inside him .
tr	11	She looks back over her shoulder at the big handsome young officer lying on her bed .
tr	11	He used to take everything for granted and it usually was OK .
tr	7	We stood as I answered .
tr	6	he turned to Lilly Ann .
tr	8	In his head he creates a short list of the various options he has to end her life .
tr	9	I 'm going to find Birdie . "
tr	7	The Prince felt sweat break out all over his body , but his speed never flagged .
tr	6	And keeping my mind on my mission .
tr	11	" Well you look very nice I must say , nice legs , we going somewhere special ? "
tr	9	It was dog eat dog .
tr	11	The three studied everything the map had to offer .
tr	6	" Middle-aged white man , died of ... a massive coronary , " I said , my eyes closed .
tr	10	It was clear they wanted a confession , but I had nothing to say .
tr	6	He was always gentle and kind to me .
tr	6	His eyes find mine and alight with interest .
tr	11	These actions were taken in response to the involvement of these persons in the attack this morning .
tr	7	They made a rough circle around me and approached cautiously .
tr	8	He couldn 't be caught with it now !
tr	10	Maybe together we can do something together , although I don 't know what . "
tr	10	" I 'm listening , " I said , broken but dreading what was coming next .
tr	7	I didn 't say anything , just handed Sam the glasses .
tr	10	Yes , he had a one-year contract to fulfill with Decatur Heath .
tr	6	Maybe we should call it a night . "
tr	6	" Don 't struggle , " she said in a low tone .
tr	8	Suddenly , the walls reacted to the visitors ' life force and a security all clear rang out .
tr	7	He was conserving his energy , but his breathing sounded controlled and even .
tr	10	He was like Robin Hood , always saving the ones in need and giving money to the poor .
tr	5	For a moment , I doubted my own eyes .
tr	9	She knew how to use it .
tr	9	With my bad arm there was no way to pull myself up .
tr	6	After so much death , after a demonic intervention , I couldn 't appear otherwise .
tr	7	" You 'll be hungry , " she said .
tr	7	He clenched his eyes as if holding his head together and thrust arms forward whist staggering backwards .
tr	8	" Yes I have , " Taylor answered , " and to be quite frank , I don 't get it .
tr	10	... do I call you Prime Minister now ?
tr	8	As all the men got up , they were given the jar and they danced .
tr	9	He 'd climbed up the previous night and had been up there for over six hours now .
tr	7	Upon hearing the news , Logan 's frame froze .
tr	6	A light , glowing fire set ablaze on the ground before them .
tr	5	" About twenty paces behind us , in the Council room , is Benedict .
tr	8	" Do the Trojans make you nervous ? "
tr	5	We ain 't exactly fools down here , young lady . "
tr	11	Jes be glad they ain 't kidnapped ya . "
tr	10	Connor looked and could see a small pathway leading out of the field .
tr	7	' Seriously , you guys need to move .
tr	10	It was very different than talking with Marja .
tr	6	Anderson also saw a stocky man playing chess with a lean dark-haired teenager .
tr	7	She stood there and watched , faceless and nameless in her own shadow .
tr	6	Unfortunately , that level of reliance made the family 's death a greater tragedy .
tr	7	They were still burning from the salt water .
tr	10	It 'll be hard to surprise them . '
tr	8	To her Atticus led an exciting life like the kind she had read in her books as a young girl .
tr	9	I tested each wooden step before putting my entire weight on them .
tr	7	" What are you doing in here ? "
tr	7	" Mister Johnson got more excited and twisted in his chair and his wife reached over to him .
tr	11	I remember leaving because it was a tad depressing .
tr	10	" Quickly , cur , before I choke it from your deceitful throat ! "
tr	7	He remembered back to his lord 's youth .
tr	9	I will see you at the breakfast table shortly , your Majesty . "
tr	10	Frank was intent on watching the activity on the station .
tr	6	" You tell him , " Lisa says with a grin .
tr	6	" Then , lodgings of course , " spoke Logan .
tr	11	Jennie went outside to talk them before they entered the house .
tr	6	Was the angry fool venturing his bare hands against her ?
tr	9	Mr. Stark joined them and was coughing a little bit but smiling .
tr	6	they feel like a bloody BB gun ... .
tr	11	They looked like little black squishy balls , which they put on a cracker .
tr	9	You might want to do the same . "
tr	9	I expect that you won 't forget that .
tr	5	" Not exactly police , Sensual Intelligence Brigade , " said Clarity .
tr	10	Isn 't that just like a grown-up , Neil thought , and his fingers curled into his palms .
tr	6	They are not your friends , " the seriousness in his words took me by surprise .
tr	8	A team was setting up a modular decontamination shower around the door to the large lab .
tr	9	" There was a barrier that protects the castle . "
tr	7	" Sorry about that , " he said , but the apology didn 't sound particularly sincere .
tr	11	She knew it was wrong for her to be angry .
tr	8	Nothing jumped out at him as a good candidate for a weapon .
tr	9	Even his company and platoon commanders had each other to talk to .
tr	7	As he returned , he focused the beam of his light down into the water .
tr	9	You know what to do , right ? "
tr	11	Or at least Henrietta thought it would be .
tr	11	Besides , it 's been a while since we 've seen this much action , ' he said with a shrug .
tr	8	the young man snapped , as if the Prince was intentionally stalling .
tr	6	" In a sense , yes , but not like - " " Oh , now I understand .
tr	7	Kaza set the girl gently on her feet and she looked both embarrassed and quite pleased all at once .
tr	10	It was difficult to keep from smiling .
tr	10	Let her do what she wishes .
tr	9	Even though my eyes are closed , I can still see the glow of their energies pulsing beneath my lids .
tr	7	He left her at the door and drove back to his billet .
tr	10	Truth be told , ye already been far kinder than we deserve .
tr	6	In my right hand , a smaller and heavier flintlock appeared , instead of my regular twin duo .
tr	8	And who in their right mind would give away their secret to financial success ?
tr	7	Jeremy hadn 't been a close friend , but Ted knew him pretty well .
tr	7	" Oh , that would be very helpful , " Dagger states happily .
tr	10	VIN 's legs would not be allowed , so he was given one of Suzi 's sterile wheelchairs .
tr	7	He spoke in French , and I nodded .
tr	10	" I 'm sure someone will find you soon . "
tr	5	At the clap , the animals balked and stampeded .
tr	7	Barney peered over the table at his now prone son .
tr	7	The air was cooler down here but smelled stale .
tr	9	' And how do you intend to kill him ? '
tr	11	The stripes moved across his face , and Neil wondered idly how long he had been unconscious on the white beach .
tr	8	" That was before I heard the horses . "
tr	8	' She had a sharp tongue on her , ' Victor retorted with a heavy frown .
tr	11	He asked , " What do you reckon is going on . "
tr	7	Behind it , I caught a faint glimpse of a dark hooded figure with a long thin silver black trident .
tr	8	Gabe pauses to steady his voice .
tr	8	' I wonder what he needed it for ? '
tr	10	Don 't make me keep reminding you . "
tr	9	The captives were terrorized to the point of mental submission .
tr	7	But , I 'll take your word for it , for right now anyway . "
tr	8	We couldn 't hope to win .
tr	8	Durham and Carlisle are both halls of residence , so they 're only available in the summer . "
tr	5	" Yes , Captain , what 's your condition ? "
tr	7	Pike raised his hand and got a nod from Flaherty .
tr	9	Missy thought that her great-grandfather looked paler but he acted the same as before .
tr	6	" I don 't have an aura . "
tr	9	He was sure the Tux was overkill .
tr	11	' Do you know why it 's a secret ? '
tr	9	He turned down towards the canal , his favorite part of the run .
tr	11	The latter wasn 't going to be of much use at the moment , but the first might prove useful .
tr	7	In over a year , no zombie had made it past the fence .
tr	5	For an old lady , she was rather stunning and pretty .
tr	7	The hangman walked over to Hilda and doubtlessly did the very same thing .
tr	10	" This is the first time I 've seen them . "
tr	8	Neil felt his mouth twitching up again , and she burst into her loud laugh .
tr	9	My name is Damian Jones / " " Pleasure and how you are called ? "
tr	9	" How 'd ya know I was lyin ' ? "
tr	7	I could feel the cold sea breeze float across my skin .
tr	10	Taylor was alarmed and amused at the same time of his mate 's out of character antics .
tr	10	She felt ever so much more like Fire than Air or Water and wanted to finish on a good note .
tr	5	" But - " Frustrated , he barked , " No !
tr	8	" Have you heard from Peter recently ? "
tr	11	They 've never asked me again about what happened with the Devil riders . "
tr	9	' Not while there 's a chance that we could still use you . '
tr	11	For some reason the man wasn 't worried about being tracked through his Imp interactions .
tr	10	Though Chris couldn 't see most of it , he knew what was happening .
tr	11	The third one came and smacks me , hitting me very close to the temple , to arcade , breaking it .
tr	5	" My parents kind of ... uh ... disowned me . "
tr	9	He was immediately assaulted with accusing eyes .
tr	9	The knife slashed his throat like the sting of a thousand wasps and his eyes rolled back into his head .
tr	9	What had he done to offend the Empress ?
tr	6	The crowds of people passed us by .
tr	8	He fell silent for another few moments as he read over the ledger yet again .
tr	8	" I also killed my possessed General that day and I never saw either of them again .
tr	10	Was she really supposed to be feeling anything other than awful ?
tr	9	Ethan recommended seizing the huge army depot at Milan and the Marine and Navy airbase at Meridian .
tr	11	Defence armaments were placed equidistant to defend the city from any incursions .
tr	11	If he had no fear of killing her , were there others ?
tr	10	" What guns , if any , are you familiar with ? "
tr	9	The last team reached the yellow and black target symbols on the module and grasped the handholds welded to its bulkheads .
tr	11	She asked , " How long before the people start moving toward the burning place ? "
tr	11	" That 's amazing that out of all the houses in Italy Simon found yours ! "
tr	10	I have to get all of you out of here as soon as possible .
tr	8	So yeah , he thought , he would be quite an easy target to spot .
tr	7	" That is a lot of guns . "
tr	8	proclaimed Scarborough loudly , " I can 't believe it , but the spell is finally broken ! "
tr	5	Just a little payback for the tranquilizer dart . "
tr	11	This was harder than the worst pitch Carl had ever thrown her way .
tr	8	At once terrifying , saddening , and maddening , I 'd been caught up in the moment .
tr	6	' Found this upstairs , ' he said , with a grin .
tr	11	A dim glow surfaces upon turning a corner , a torch , freshly lit but barely burning .
tr	7	" After it got dark , I crawled back into a totally black cave .
tr	6	Yet , here no flowers or trees broke the landscape , nor did people bustle about .
tr	5	" Hello , Inspector , gentlemen , the crime scene guys are almost done .
tr	9	" You mean it 's raining up there right now ?
tr	6	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Olivia and Kiera made a beeline toward the downstairs restroom .
tr	10	Anastasia heard the sound of hurried footsteps , several men coming her way .
tr	8	Other than that , just filled with guilt . "
tr	7	Lilly Ann watched him with great satisfaction , only occasionally offering a helping hand .
tr	6	That news felt on me like a lightning bolt .
tr	5	" Oh hi , Mr. Wyndham , " she said a little too loudly .
tr	8	He made a strong leap and caught hold of the vine .
tr	8	" If they 're still serving it 'll be number two dress .
tr	9	Sirens blared in the distance when I came out of the house .
tr	9	We 'd ditched our cellphones and went to the nearest clothing outlet to get new threads .
tr	8	There was one single moment of perfect , unbroken silence as the two adversaries stared each other down .
tr	7	Then he drew his sword out of its scabbard : a small weapon .
tr	11	He used his other hand to pinch the bottom hinges of her mouth until her jaws propped open .
tr	8	Joe came at him like a runaway freight train and now Ted 's only instinct was to run .
tr	8	This was just after Hubert made the major breakthrough .
tr	11	I experienced my own resistance when I asked Eva to stay behind .
tr	11	" To your house ? "
tr	9	An emulator like her is sought after .
tr	10	" You mean I only look scared part of the time , right ? "
tr	6	Tony Wei sat in his club in Kensington .
tr	9	' We have to move fast , ' Victor finally said with a sombre expression .
tr	8	" You 'll be okay , " Leah said to him , " I 'll take care of you . "
tr	5	" Wahoo , " he shouted , and then belched .
tr	9	He walked in front of the boys at a uniform distance and even crossed the road when they did .
tr	5	I even got my own love island . "
tr	7	Looking up at his assistant , Dr. Morgan replied , " Good question , lad .
tr	7	' Isn 't Monday your day off ? '
tr	6	He took out a small first aid kit and rummaged through it while .
tr	10	He barked out something else that sounded like an order .
tr	7	He hesitated then decided on the truth .
tr	9	stated the pilot showing a hint of a smile .
tr	6	He called Captain Carter and his three remaining platoon leaders to him .
tr	8	While the men checked and rechecked their tack and guns and studied the weather , Sarah closed her eyes and prayed .
tr	8	Rocky crags replaced them , and I hugged my jacket tighter about me , clapping my hands .
tr	7	Jacob took a long sip of wine before speaking .
tr	5	" You are the best !
tr	8	" We only waited to say goodbye . "
tr	6	The old man wore a long black overcoat , a black suit , a white shirt , and a black tie .
tr	5	" Doesn 't it bother you though ? "
tr	7	Why was I , an innocent victim , locked up in some makeshift holding cell ?
tr	7	More striking than the noise , the clay wall sealing the front end portrayed a snarling face .
tr	9	Josie reached over and took the one-hundred out of Kendall 's hand .
tr	9	Candice called out with excitement as she jumped up and hugged her son .
tr	7	He dropped the hermit and strode away without a backwards glance .
tr	6	One hop , one board , another hop , another board ... and one more hop and then she gets it !
tr	9	Overflowing like honey they rose into a low cloud around him in response to him sitting on the lid .
tr	8	Finn could smell the boy 's fear and he smiled to himself .
tr	8	David took out his pocket knife and sliced open one of the cardboard boxes .
tr	8	" Anyhow , there 's more to it than people dying .
tr	10	" But I think it 's some sort of trap . "
tr	11	Breedlove wanted to punch the man clean in the face .
tr	8	Seconds later , we were over the top of the wall .
tr	5	" I know , Skate , " I said over and over again .
tr	7	I peeled off some nice jeans and a dark blue tee-shirt .
tr	10	She loved the feeling of being in motion .
tr	10	" Correct , General , I believe you had just achieved major when we met , " replied Bob .
tr	10	She was startled by the vastness of the ant army busily hoisting Bee bodies .
tr	7	Go back to sleep . "
tr	10	They 'd never dream of refusing me of anything !
tr	6	Outside , the bright clothing of the populace blinded Brand .
tr	10	I heard about a teaching opening here in Tunisia , and I applied and got it .
tr	9	Now , if I could start at once , please . "
tr	6	" She was a witch , " he explained , his voice still sharp and cold .
tr	11	It sounded as if it came from over the next rise in the trail .
tr	11	Simon let the old man think in peace for a moment .
tr	7	" Is she running away ? "
tr	10	He was a little lost lamb grazing in a meadow filled with wild flowers .
tr	8	" And maybe Francesca happens to take the same class .
tr	11	Seeing the place where the man left a bruise on her soft skin , he touched it .
tr	8	She let go of the collar and placed both hands on the orange .
tr	8	Seemingly lounged against a tree idly and enjoying a piece of fudge chocolate half the size of her head .
tr	7	" OK , but don 't touch anything ... anything !
tr	5	They kept up the baby steps .
tr	10	He appeared to have a great deal of patience with the doctor .
tr	10	I did not mean to stare like that .
tr	9	Am I supposed to say ' over ' or something ?
tr	10	But she would have had to go anyway .
tr	7	Her bright blonde hair cascaded down her back and over her shoulders , a few braids intermingled with the loose strands .
tr	10	He spit out his gum and started counting his steps out loud , running a little , half jogging .
tr	9	My eyes were trained on the boy , my date , in front of me .
tr	8	They 've followed us through two cities now , " I said around the plum .
tr	5	" Quickly , Captain , bite off my ropes ! "
tr	9	I looked away and allowed my hair to cover my face .
tr	8	Sometimes it can be a dangerous thing , the truth , " the professor leaned back on his stool .
tr	8	William and Ben nodded their heads in agreement , avoiding prolonged eye contact with Alfred .
tr	6	" One , two , three ... " " ... Team ! "
tr	5	Finan looked the soldier over again .
tr	9	" I-I need to tell you something , " he starts , sitting down and crossing his legs in his lap .
tr	7	The poor animals knew no better and plodded along despite our plight .
tr	6	" The Idol of the Great Mother , " Brand said .
tr	10	Goodness knows what would have happened then eh ? "
tr	8	She clearly just wanted to get naked .
tr	10	" You needed to make sure about what ? "
tr	10	The snake had worked in the hall and knew many of the finer points of its security system .
tr	7	The fiery glow leaping from the hole painted his face and bared teeth red .
tr	5	Gabe 's aura rears up .
tr	9	" I was going to be a star . "
tr	5	" Worry not , young lady , " Gaston more forcefully asserted .
tr	9	He suddenly felt a huge sense of relief as the elevator descended to the main floor .
tr	11	He grabbed the steel bars covering the opening and pulled .
tr	11	" I thought we needed to celebrate Kiwi style . "
tr	8	That 's all any of us are . "
tr	11	Mac had no reason to assume the worst of him .
tr	10	The force generated by their two bodies colliding with their bikes caused the dirt beneath them to dislodge .
tr	8	they both had a score to settle .
tr	8	I gaze through the tinted windows of a squat building three streets down .
tr	11	It was simply that it was not his secret to confide .
tr	11	Then he asked if I had discussed any business with her since the negotiations the week before .
tr	7	She took the seat opposite mine and leaned across the narrow coffee table .
tr	6	The image of a coffin quickly sprang to mind , something burnished and bronze with white satin lining .
tr	10	He looked down to see Abbey holding him .
tr	8	Beau climbed up out of his commander 's seat and opened the hatch .
tr	6	The dwarfs didn " t care about the law , about him , about the world up above .
tr	9	It was Billy 's doing .
tr	10	After I report to Jensen , I 'll need to make an appearance with the General . "
tr	6	" Room 's soundproofed , " he said to himself .
tr	7	" If my data is correct , and my conclusions , then the next round might turn to my favor .
tr	9	" Three or four ships should do the trick , " McCutcheon mused as he looked absently at the main monitor .
tr	9	The good ones were remembered and were asked for by the younger people .
tr	10	That 's all there is to it . "
tr	9	It 'll have to do , he decided .
tr	9	How can he keep doing this to me ?
tr	9	Chris turned to look at her .
tr	5	' But which person is the deluded one ? '
tr	6	She holds up her tiny little hand and gives me a wave back .
tr	5	The boy , Fabius , and the girl , Marcia .
tr	6	The nurse said , and again some tears came out .
tr	8	" Third burn coming up , " said Jonesy .
tr	10	She caught them through trickery and by tempting them with baby crickets .
tr	9	Melissa and Niko took turns driving .
tr	10	He was stunned by the events of a few months ago .
tr	6	The Doctor knew the routine well , they had played it often enough .
tr	7	Donovan looked back at her and smiled .
tr	9	Suicide would be going in without a plan , ' said Victor with a faint smile .
tr	7	" Perhaps you might tell me of it ? "
tr	10	Then in the afternoons the rains would drench us completely so that the nights were miserable .
tr	11	Soon my body registered that it wasn 't just morning , but morning at a beach city .
tr	5	Chapter Twelve On Death and Dying The morgue is quiet and cold .
tr	6	" Never mind , " Taylor sighed , " do you have any tools here ? "
tr	10	Mostly they were old army buddies , many obviously taken in the jungle .
tr	7	It was a decent place , quiet and well lit .
tr	6	" Look , my feet aren 't the problem here , " said Evil Harry .
tr	9	In the first place , what she 'd thought were metal dye pots were actually waterproof baskets .
tr	5	For a moment , no one spoke .
tr	8	" Mom , wait till you see the lodge .
tr	7	Why had they not come forward , not attacked ?
tr	11	' We 've been sent from London to record at Ze Production Annex . '
tr	8	' Okay , we 'll wrap it up there for today , ' Austin eventually said .
tr	6	" Anyway , by the next summer , my daughter married a young man from a fine , solid family .
tr	6	You 're not singing til later , right ? "
tr	11	He peered at me , and it took every ounce of my composure to not leap from the train 's window .
tr	10	I know that they 'll be waiting , but now I have a friend .
tr	8	I pulled the blade out of Thorne 's ribcage and watched him fall to his knees .
tr	10	Nurse Edwards called as she ran down the corridor toward the elevator .
tr	10	They don 't have shit to make up for .
tr	10	They had been on the run for days and it would be more difficult as their journey progressed .
tr	6	I mean , he has a whole other fucking family ... " His voice cracks and he clears his throat .
tr	10	" Why are you coming from this direction if you were on patrol ? "
tr	8	He 's resting in the next room , ' she added .
tr	8	Meanwhile back on the front lines , I was having a bit of my own fun .
tr	10	Though she admit , she was the one that had waken the sleeping monster .
tr	9	He saw totally decrepit , brightly painted buses belching smoke and fumes cheek by jowl with Hummers and BMWs .
tr	11	The JP would be scared of further attempts and expend resources to protect against it .
tr	11	A trickle of blood leaked from its mouth , mixing in with the moonshine vodka staining it pink .
tr	5	" I really don 't , " Tori said .
tr	7	With a moderate climate and good soils , western Oregon became the center of population for the large state .
tr	11	On the bunk beneath him where the old woman had been lying sat an enormous old crow .
tr	7	" I 'll be back by nightfall .
tr	8	" As far as I could see , they were ten total .
tr	8	The effort in doing so was extreme and left him panting .
tr	10	If someone thinks you 're dead , you 're out of the picture .
tr	5	" So your eyes are really grey ? "
tr	6	And the Angel thought to himself : " What great kids . "
tr	7	She should know , he was her friend and he was very , very protective about her .
tr	8	They hadn 't heard another voice for weeks .
tr	9	" Why not stay since you 're here ? "
tr	6	" As though an army had marched over me .
tr	6	A hush descended in the tent .
tr	9	A low chuckle left Anna 's lips as she stared down at her hands .
tr	8	" NaN is not a place ; it doesn 't exist as a location .
tr	8	The thing that immediately jumped out was the growing danger and possible impact from a celestial object .
tr	6	" Right you three , " one of them said to the foreign men .
tr	11	How long had she said it had been ?
tr	11	Reggie felt touched in spite of himself , nodding at the bottle and Brazen poured him a small glass in response .
tr	8	We must act according to plan .
tr	10	" We 've got to find Maddy and the Tome . "
tr	6	Mana threw her head back and opened her mouth .
tr	7	" Only there for the day !
tr	9	If anything happened to them then come election time he wouldn 't even make Chief of parking tickets .
tr	5	A split second later something hit the rifle .
tr	6	Finally he got a job ... ... .
tr	7	The name made a horrible chill slide down Miriam 's spine .
tr	9	Ted headed down the steps and swung onto the sidewalk in the direction of food .
tr	8	Toby was fitting into normal social settings better each day as he gained confidence .
tr	7	Hanging there in the cold , the winds howled .
tr	10	" I 'm fine , " the boy quickly asserts , attempting to regain his composure .
tr	11	" This is another two sets of horse tracks which are only a few hours old .
tr	8	" And why have you never run away , woman ?
tr	9	The Prince did so quickly as the other two came within earshot .
tr	7	" To be honest , I didn 't think of it . "
tr	9	" He 's over here studying Spanish , and I told him you guys were nice .
tr	6	The warrior reached for the larger woman with his left hand .
tr	7	We have destroyed our first Gordo 's , and now we will destroy this one ! "
tr	7	" Yes , " said Lucifer , " It is rather , " he paused and shivered , " chilly . "
tr	6	He was immaculate , creased , shined , ready for inspection .
tr	8	Houses , that were too rundown or damaged were systematically burnt and cleaned up .
tr	9	Leah let out a laugh like the peal of a bell , bright and golden like the day .
tr	6	His lips were cracked and dry , his throat parched .
tr	10	We all recognized the rightness of that choice , but the American loved to chide us just the same .
tr	8	After they returned to camp Scott went straight to the office and began his investigation .
tr	11	The sunlight hitting his pale skin made him look like some kind of albino midget .
tr	9	We were going to make it .
tr	7	The sergeant snapped to attention , " Right away , Sir . "
tr	8	" Well , hurry up and buy us some boat tickets , time is wasting ! "
tr	9	They could control their forces without ever leaving their camps .
tr	6	" What 's the plan boss , " asked Jim loudly breaking the spell .
tr	10	Calling an attendant , I prepared a bath and readied myself for the day , whatever time it was .
tr	7	" Fasten your seatbelts , my dear , there are some serious trials awaiting us . "
tr	7	He reached out briefly through the Raven Talisman , but felt nothing special about this Exile .
tr	7	The old man was quiet for some time .
tr	9	Tell Samuel what 's best ! "
tr	9	Without them , the crops would surely wilt , and that would spell the end of Danton .
tr	8	In my frail and weak state I easily saw things differently than what they were .
tr	5	" Yes , yes this is all well known .
tr	7	When the other two weren 't looking , the leader stabbed one and shot the other .
tr	8	Much to his surprise , the structure remains visible even without the assistance of his hand .
tr	9	It seemed that not even spilt blood would quell the affair .
tr	9	' Thankfully , they couldn 't get past the security on the safe .
tr	11	I huddled close to Malcolm , trying to shrink from sight .
tr	6	" Do your worst my man , " Jack said , " He 's a snooty jerk . "
tr	7	Missy flopped on the bed and let out a big sigh .
tr	6	' Nonsense , we have our maps , ' everyone laughed at his alarm .
tr	6	Taylor deeply breathed in the intoxicating fragrance .
tr	7	Shaking his head , Chris walked to the window and opened it .
tr	7	Concentrate on wind , solar , switch grass , algae , wave machines , cow manure , anything .
tr	7	During his senior year of college , he got the call from Noni .
tr	7	' Why , we being tailed again ? '
tr	6	He had thought this out .
tr	8	Instantly , the woman was at his side , and she put one hand on his arm .
tr	9	Most people will notice one of the king 's coaches .
tr	8	Finally satisfied , he stepped around the barrier and put the item in the figure 's hand .
tr	11	" The notion almost could be considered an underhanded attempt to stack the odds by some .
tr	10	The kitchen lights were dazzling above him , the windows dark with the coming night .
tr	8	As if responding to his thoughts again , John said , " I 'm resting today .
tr	6	" Listen , stupid gnome breath , the rope is too tight ! "
tr	7	He downed the last of his coffee before standing .
tr	7	I turned the knob and stared down into the never-ending darkness .
tr	6	' Creatures of the dark , even now , track me here to this place .
tr	6	" You got me , kid , " Mark finally said .
tr	8	Alejo slammed a fist into the trunk of the banana plant , swearing loudly .
tr	9	" He tried to rape me , " she finished .
tr	10	Fight for all that is good ! '
tr	11	They did not stop until they reached the plaza of the village .
tr	9	This world has been good to us , and we to it .
tr	10	One glance at his energy field , and I know that I can beat him .
tr	6	She said , " Mine as well , you look so wonderfully military . "
tr	5	Asleep a person , male or female , was truly defenseless .
tr	11	Do you want me to demonstrate ? "
tr	5	Her sculpted back and flawless skin amped up my already pitched desire .
tr	6	After the police left , we walked to the clearing in the woods .
tr	10	Rose continued to seem oblivious to them .
tr	8	I 'll go up this way and open the trap door ladder from the attic . "
tr	7	Her skin tight T-shirt made every man keenly aware of her shapely figure .
tr	10	However much he might have with otherwise , there was no option but to continue through it .
tr	9	We 'll do the best we can .
tr	5	Mind and heart racing , Kali eased off the sofa .
tr	9	The cop was still going through the contents of the bags .
tr	6	' A tearful reunion , you brought home the prodigal daughter , and we all lived happily ever after . '
tr	8	Helen was on the verge of panic .
tr	6	With a knowing grimace , both of the guards proceed over to her .
tr	9	" We will do as you say , " Lord Harald said .
tr	6	" The elves release their magic , show their societies to the world , and there 's human panic and genocide .
tr	6	" So , are you , like , a mad scientist , or something ? "
tr	7	Sergeant Pena responded , " Ah , that is indeed a very good question , private .
tr	8	I 've heard him lecture a few times .
tr	8	It was secure from the outside with an ample supply of guns and ammunition .
tr	10	He had every intention of lashing out in every way .
tr	9	I glanced at Zeal out of the corner of my eye , but her attention was focused on Commander Tork .
tr	8	He wouldn 't have enough space for a running start this time .
tr	8	Knowing the long-term implications for his country , Fish had watched all of this unfold from the sidelines .
tr	11	Adele smiled faintly , relaxing a little as she gazed dreamily into the fire .
tr	9	' How do you wan na play this ? '
tr	8	A branch snapped and the leaves rustled , followed by a muffled , " Shhhh ! "
tr	9	None of them looked interested in giving the audience a damn thing .
tr	6	Our fortune held , and our opponents missed our departure .
tr	8	" Not really , " Ricky was lost and Lex looked lost as well .
tr	11	We refused to pause , causing some to throw themselves out of our way .
tr	8	Navi declares , darting into the room .
tr	8	And , quite frankly , with that shitty attitude of yours , I wouldn 't blame him . '
tr	7	" But then again , you aren 't one of us .
tr	9	The Snake turned into that entrance unaware Sylvia was gaining .
tr	8	She took a large sip of chocolate and began to cough .
tr	11	She glanced over her shoulder at the wall that separated us from the outer lab .
tr	6	For a woman , this presents no particular problem ; she either has it or she hasn 't .
tr	10	Mrs. Oakley asked Dan to explain what happened .
tr	10	Ryan looked unhappy leaving Capitol Hill , but inside he was satisfied with two years of bartering .
tr	8	Tork was at one of the evacuation sites .
tr	10	" I don 't mind paying for orbital ships , " he drawled .
tr	5	" I as in imbecile , " he told the cat .
tr	6	Releasing Neil suddenly , he strode to the gate .
tr	11	Rebecca had been elected to represent her district in Colorado .
tr	7	The doors of the van slammed open and we spilled out onto the asphalt .
tr	9	He didn 't seem to notice her .
tr	7	You folks have the gift of foresight ?
tr	9	She blinks several times before suddenly jumping up onto her feet .
tr	5	" Oh , that is serious ! "
tr	7	He was now at a point called the Notch Couloir .
tr	9	Little Man made one more charge , and the war club met his skull as he came in .
tr	11	Elaina jumped and Cade spun , black sword out to face the wall of trees to the left .
tr	6	Which reminds me , how about some artwork ?
tr	8	After that he had followed a path of self destruction with fast cars , motorcycles , airplanes and parties .
tr	11	During one night of clarity he told me he welcomed the fact that I found love .
tr	9	I 'd wasted too much time already but I thought I still had enough .
tr	8	" Did anyone ever tell you that you are a ham ? "
tr	7	Leo crosses the stage , steps up to the podium , head high , showing no fear .
tr	5	And you , Ryland , are not my father . "
tr	8	As the women took the deer , they informed Wolf Eyes and Red Talon of the new arrival .
tr	6	Amy opened the bag and pulled out a Quality Street Easter egg .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , we are , " she said loud and clear .
tr	6	" Chihuahua , " Black Cat said , " Your tail was never a member .
tr	5	" Major Isaacson , Vietnam veteran , but that 's not all sir .
tr	10	By 6 p.m. everybody was dressed up and waiting for the car on the parking lot .
tr	6	We moved the children all together , fed them , mopped their brows .
tr	6	Course where the hell would it be going ? "
tr	10	The younger boys protested that they could swim just fine and didn 't need them .
tr	10	It was a carefully laid trap for your mom first and then you .
tr	9	I had heard this question before , in the minds of others .
tr	11	Raj and Dan exchanged nervous glances while trying to look confident .
tr	10	" The castle will be opened to anyone in need of food or shelter .
tr	7	Digging his toe into the sidewalk , he spins back around , and continues on his path .
tr	8	Blow your nose - and again , " she added , after Miriam gave a feeble sniff .
tr	7	" Sorry sir , but it can 't be helped .
tr	7	After they left Tori took out her phone and dialed her dad 's number .
tr	6	was all Taylor could get out .
tr	9	Do we have an accord ? "
tr	6	Around that , on the ground , a dozen or more beer cans and soft drink bottles were scattered .
tr	6	" It 's definitely her , " he whispered and left .
tr	10	There was duct tape over her mouth and her hands were tied in front of her .
tr	11	It was a dream that he was close enough to touch .
tr	6	Then he said , " seven , " waited a minute and then got up .
tr	10	" Look , I 'm going to level with you .
tr	6	' Strange birds , with four legs as well as wings , ' she said .
tr	8	Her destiny has always been to rule .
tr	7	In the distance , a large yawning cave , known as the Gateway Cavern , dominated the landscape .
tr	7	Purely coincidental was the consensus of opinion .
tr	8	In the elemental blaze of the barbarian 's eyes she read an intent deadly as her own .
tr	5	For a second the silence was deafening .
tr	5	Rafe 's eyes never left Rand .
tr	10	I saw Chris wanting to say something .
tr	6	A few steps ahead , the police had constructed a makeshift roadblock .
tr	10	The bleeding guy yelled and after that he with his friends ran out .
tr	8	" Of the Earth or was it done in your own interests ?
tr	6	He bandaged her leg again , she stood up , and put the pants on .
tr	7	Next to the grounding peace of the garden , the serene tranquility of her library served as her favorite sanctuary .
tr	7	" Maybe the next turn will get nasty , " Anna joked .
tr	9	Looking for Noah 's body among the twisted vines and jungle thorns .
tr	11	Toby stood , holding his finger to his lips , motioning to be quiet .
tr	11	Ted crossed the parking lot in seconds and turned onto the sidewalk that led further downtown .
tr	7	For a moment they stared stupidly at each other , and then rushed off down the corridor .
tr	6	In between , he once more gave consideration to his former acolyte , the current Inquisitor .
tr	8	They formed a large circle around Mark and Josie 's table .
tr	6	Within no time at all , we had reached the barn .
tr	6	A moment later , Melody emerged from the kitchen door with her rucksack .
tr	9	Is that your neighbor who baked them ? "
tr	10	Glancing at Melody again , he thought she might have looked even more disgusted than before .
tr	8	How else would she dream of me but in nightmares ?
tr	9	From his erratic movements , I had little doubt that he would indeed kill Phillip .
tr	9	This C-5 was the ugliest chicken she had ever seen .
tr	7	" The pirates are leaving Sunday night , " he said .
tr	8	I know ; I spent nine years at Fort Bragg and got a law degree out of it .
tr	7	So you choose that , no harm done .
tr	8	He picked up a cup and saucer and took a sip of tea .
tr	10	I heard he took you riding this morning .
tr	10	" Thank you , " she blushes , enjoying the brief silence that follows .
tr	6	Chapter 13 We graze along the highway .
tr	8	The other six , including Paulo in his black sweater , walked together into the trees and disappeared .
tr	11	" It wouldn 't make any sense to open it up to everyone .
tr	10	Simon handed her into her seat as if she were made of glass .
tr	10	Mrs. Jones is sitting on her front porch waiting for us .
tr	9	" I would have extended my greetings but he was skulking betwixt the tents ! "
tr	6	With no witnesses and no evidence , the state 's case had collapsed .
tr	9	Claire nodded and turned to retrieve the device .
tr	10	He let out another burst of carbon dioxide as they walked , Frank chuckling quietly .
tr	7	Damn it , you 're the leader of the Faith !
tr	10	He remembered the paper they had found yesterday .
tr	6	" Ah , so the Old One 's are big time fish eaters , " concluded Lex .
tr	9	The apartment was empty of everything but the furniture .
tr	8	His eyes held a hint of desperation and he grabbed my arms with newfound strength .
tr	9	Do I really want our first night to be in some grotty hotel by the motorway ?
tr	9	Dishes are piled in the sink and reeking of dried spaghetti sauce and salad dressing .
tr	8	He was still alive , but it was dark , except for a few faint emergency lights .
tr	9	He downed his coffee as he got to his feet .
tr	10	When it is on the back of the Red Crab , strong storms shake the isles of the West . "
tr	11	I hoped they crap themselves when they see my menacing persona .
tr	11	" The advantage of getting old is that the skin gets tougher " joked Beppe " Seriously ! "
tr	6	A moment later the door creaked open again and a young and beautiful face appeared .
tr	10	Failing to captivate him in any way , Rift is far more entranced by his brief glimpse of Mai .
tr	10	He walked over to the group of prisoners in the corner .
tr	10	" I 'm just going to lie here for a while . "
tr	9	Feels like having my old boss in the house , with him in his suit and tie .
tr	9	The Link was as thin and weak as the sound of a single violin from a high tower .
tr	7	" I know , Adele , I know . "
tr	9	" We do some research , " he said as the computer started its usual log on routine .
tr	7	" Missus , " he said , breathlessly , " they 'll 've taken the boy . "
tr	5	His breath is even again .
tr	6	Facing the audience all but the first song 's initial chords left Calvin 's memory .
tr	9	Mercifully , his mind shut down as he collapsed to the floor .
tr	6	" Run diagnostics , " she said automatically without thinking .
tr	9	' The kind of news that requires several stiff drinks ? '
tr	7	" Claire , I -- " " Hello , ladies , are you hungry ? "
tr	7	" I enjoy a nice song , I suppose , " she replied .
tr	10	Toby knew that Jake was watching him disintegrate .
tr	11	' I suppose I had better let it go ' she said .
tr	7	Reeling from the endless blows , the hero is finally knocked off his feet by a devastating cross kick .
tr	11	She needed to turn him from this slothful , negligent teen into a powerful and determined Commander of the Empire .
tr	8	" Does that crab look familiar ? "
tr	9	Jacob convinced Frank the golden eggs did not exist , or at least could not be practically harvested yet .
tr	7	Taylor asked , " Looks like a. . . "
tr	6	' Bye now , Morrigan , ' Bye , Mona , ' Bye , Granny . "
tr	5	And , the market changes , fluctuates .
tr	11	I saw you climb over and I was yelling , but I guess you couldn 't hear me . "
tr	10	Losing a beloved husband to illness , then being left to fight the relatives .
tr	5	" The whole thing is a sham ! "
tr	9	Someone who could make a difference .
tr	11	" Don 't call me Corp you moron , what time of the morning do you call this ? "
tr	10	Look I have to go . '
tr	10	" Keep in mind that we will only have eight operational pairs by mid-summer .
tr	8	This sort of half-baked mysticism sits at the basis of their whole world view and belief system .
tr	10	You will do what I say , train her , and be the man she loves . "
tr	8	" You were dreaming , and it must have been terrible . "
tr	9	He was the captain and he ran the ship as he saw fit .
tr	10	But he didn 't even know where they were , or where they were headed .
tr	7	The door finally slammed shut with an audible groan .
tr	8	" How do you know all of this ? "
tr	9	The translator 's helmet had been left on proximity mode and everyone in the room could hear the conversation .
tr	6	He smiled wider , worked his way up her foot , over her ankle .
tr	6	My legs gave way , and I stumbled backward .
tr	9	he will try to work them in . "
tr	10	He has abilities we don 't even know about .
tr	11	I chalked it up to the roll of the dice ; we had been the winners in the game for survival .
tr	5	Click ... Click ... Click ... Four hundred and ninety-eight seconds ... Four hundred and ninety-nine seconds ... Five hundred .
tr	7	" Don 't worry about these details now .
tr	8	The atmosphere was heavy and the conversation limped along until it died .
tr	10	How 's it going to be paid for ?
tr	6	" Anyway , people are angry , and rightfully so .
tr	9	That thing is happening when I lose all my thoughts .
tr	7	He whispered , giving me chills .
tr	8	Mana was as good as rescued !
tr	7	He was witness to her worst moment .
tr	9	Close your eyes and remember exactly what happened last night . "
tr	8	Seven of the panels on the first cube were slightly different .
tr	7	The tables , walls , and even the ceiling in this place were made of wood .
tr	8	He should have never trusted me .
tr	7	He froze in his tracks and twisted around .
tr	5	By all accounts , it affords a good defensive position . "
tr	7	" Oh , Jesus , Mack , I can find him , I will find him .
tr	9	I was across the hall in room sixty-seven -- math was never my strong suit .
tr	10	Edan called , unable to reach him .
tr	11	I felt hope beginning to grow in me .
tr	7	With one low pitch howl , it alerted the rest of the pack .
tr	8	Rand wrenched himself from Finan 's hold and sat back down in his seat .
tr	11	" Anything special we need to do , or say , or anything ? "
tr	6	Chapter Five Chemistry After class , Scarlett and Kat walked back towards their dorms .
tr	9	I lay low and covered my head with my arms as debris riddled the stairwell .
tr	11	Would she agree to stay with him until she would die ?
tr	9	I promise I will be brief .
tr	7	The creature lunged at my face , but my hand came up automatically , knife ready .
tr	7	He then turned her around and nudged her gently toward her home .
tr	9	" We can 't wait to be found .
tr	8	He drove past the densely packed houses and saw a few folks out on front porches .
tr	6	From a different call box he dialed a number in Belfast .
tr	8	Then he sat up looking , but still in a half daze .
tr	8	They were married within a month ; and then she became pregnant with Simon .
tr	6	" I told you ; I want peace . "
tr	8	He 'd taken off the maroon beret and left it on the coffee table .
tr	10	It was strange to feel the powerful beast so tame and gentle beneath her .
tr	9	" I 'm sure he 's fine . "
tr	11	Maybe I should stop trying to pick a fight .
tr	8	" Don 't let him take any chances , " Hailey said .
tr	10	She knew what she had to do .
tr	10	" And don 't give me that he needs help , stuff , either , " he added .
tr	8	" Anybody see where that rocket came from ? "
tr	6	We call it Mount Rocky .
tr	6	But down below the life of the city flowed through the streets like a tide .
tr	10	The truth was that a part of me was denying and the other one accepting .
tr	8	Instead , he saw Sergeant Shock lying about fifteen feet to his left .
tr	8	As he awakened he felt the fever raging in his wound .
tr	6	a bald-headed man asked with a grin .
tr	9	She struggled against him and he slapped her , and her eyes spat fire as he held her .
tr	7	I disconnected the cell and handed it back to Bruno .
tr	10	She was sure it would become clear later .
tr	9	She stomped over to the counter and whacked Jessica on the back of the head .
tr	6	" He does that sometimes , " the German said with a wry glance at his pet .
tr	11	I want to freshen up my nest , with my pups being so helpless . "
tr	10	My lumpy purse is under my hip , its strap still twisted around my arm .
tr	7	Curiously glancing about the room , Rift marches over and claims yet another key .
tr	5	Apart from the weather , the ride over was quiet enough .
tr	9	It was so motionless that his heart stopped for a moment .
tr	7	" Forty nine , forty eight ... " " My moment of triumph is near . "
tr	10	No , no bloody fear , Neil swore as he got up and made for the stairs .
tr	10	" You think we should move within your boundaries ? "
tr	6	The high jump and the 200 are at the same time . "
tr	6	" But here 's the important bit , " Miriam said .
tr	7	I took a seat on a sofa , and she smiled at me .
tr	6	His dreams were dark and terrible , his deepest fears and griefs come to life .
tr	6	" Oh , erm , right , well , it 's okay , don 't you worry . "
tr	6	The female staff bathroom had two shower cubicles , a sink , and a toilet with a broken cover .
tr	6	" Thank you , Sir Jeremy , " Catherine accepted the items from the tall knight .
tr	11	" Perhaps it would be best if I started from the beginning . "
tr	10	Good luck , I 'm sure you 'll be fine . "
tr	6	TVA responsibility included Kentucky Dam and the Land Between the Lakes Park .
tr	6	Both sides of the room displayed more jars , cans , books , and jewelry .
tr	9	He took a seat on the edge of Helen 's desk .
tr	8	" The business of the Brothers is none of your concern , leashed one .
tr	9	Alex carried over a steaming plate of chicken , mashed potatoes , green beans , a roll , and drink .
tr	9	The Roman calendar started before Jesus was born and the Mayans had no idea who he was . "
tr	9	The shock that coursed through the room was almost palpable .
tr	6	" Those inexperienced in such matters can suffer memory loss and confusion . "
tr	9	He hadn 't been actually clean in weeks , and shaving was out of the question .
tr	8	And move some dirt we did .
tr	8	He said tossing me a knife .
tr	6	The genuineness of their shared misery strikes me .
tr	5	Alejo pressed his lips together .
tr	6	His dad set up lawn chairs in a circle around the fire .
tr	6	Back above ground , near the cave 's upper entrance , Janie sprawled on wet grass under the starry sky .
tr	11	Anderson paused and gazed each of them in the eye allowed his heart rate to slow .
tr	10	The net had thickened the natural air , slowing everything in its range to dream-like motion , easy targets .
tr	10	The Prince looked up from examining the castle in the pass and into the frowning face of the girl .
tr	6	Angelina still loves him , you know . "
tr	9	Helen didn 't have access to Fish 's location from her computer .
tr	9	" How do you know the earth loves money ? "
tr	9	He hadn 't survived so long by being an easy target .
tr	7	I forced my gaze away from the image and looked up the email .
tr	8	Her white hair and strong face contrasted bitterly with the softness of Serena standing only a few feet away .
tr	11	Impossible to know for certain , but nevertheless , growing apart will doom them to failure in the trials ahead .
tr	10	The hunting party went by and had not detected the two hidden in the canes .
tr	8	The door was unlocked and several of the crew seized him , unlocked his shackles and dragged him up on deck .
tr	9	The second sea lion growled in outrage , a daring invitation to fight for their scrumptious human prize .
tr	10	He saw Huerta lower his head to reply .
tr	6	Markets , like banks , no longer performed their traditional function .
tr	9	The center featured a large mound in its own starkly cleared round .
tr	6	My feet skidded momentarily , then one popped off its placement .
tr	5	" My dad said that ? "
tr	7	It will serve us all well , but this conflict between us serves nobody .
tr	11	I remember you dove into the waters to rescue me .
tr	11	I hoped what he said was true .
tr	7	They found my car and the keys up in Barnet in the Tube Parking .
tr	9	He knew it was coming , but the action still almost made his stomach empty its contents .
tr	9	" You 'll just have to stay close , then . "
tr	5	As a human , she wasn 't so ineffective , after all .
tr	9	It made Rand feel like a fiend .
tr	8	Rafe found himself grinning , and held out a hand toward her .
tr	10	He mutters beginning to walk again .
tr	5	" Never mind , " said Eris , sounding disappointed .
tr	8	This is all very new to me , this style . "
tr	8	She sat there in front of him , looking coy .
tr	5	" Where 's the flash drive then ? "
tr	6	For a moment they stared at one another in silence .
tr	11	And trust me , this is the last thing I want to do . "
tr	7	He looks back at me , winks .
tr	9	We stopped talking then and ran to catch the train .
tr	5	In his other hand he held a battered yellow paperback book .
tr	6	He walked fifty yards further and then back ... .
tr	7	" Who spoke of fear ? "
tr	7	Nothing that we cannot repair . "
tr	11	Your investors don 't have to see any of it . "
tr	10	Now he paused for just a second at the far end of the bus .
tr	7	Walking softly , he carefully made his way down the hall and into the meeting room .
tr	8	She could be , like , the key .
tr	10	I wanted to offer him water at least but another sailor stopped me .
tr	11	She needed to remain in command of her thoughts and emotions .
tr	6	" I saw her , " said the nightingale , " and I saw the cloak too .
tr	7	" That 's what I thought !
tr	10	Turning thoughts over he asked himself how he really felt about Richard 's offer .
tr	9	Andy went straight to the toilets when he got back to school .
tr	11	, was a feeling that something was wrong .
tr	7	Then he turned to Michael and Ben with the following words : " My sons !
tr	7	They paid me cash every week but the big one was gone most days . "
tr	6	She felt the liquid from his eyes , nose and mouth soak through her blouse to her skin .
tr	9	She recoiled in shock , staring at it in dismay .
tr	9	Regardless , he knew what he wanted , despite what she had said .
tr	10	It is his choice , but I will encourage him to join you .
tr	6	St. Denis , Jean-Baptiste and the soldiers set out back upriver to the tribal village with torch lights .
tr	7	But then , without retrieving his sword , he turned awkwardly and swung at her .
tr	10	was the title of the article , and it was everything he 'd hoped .
tr	11	" Chuck , you wan na get out of the way , buddy ? "
tr	8	Science has advanced man 's understanding of himself and the natural world .
tr	11	" Proving to the counsel they can 't handle their duties ? "
tr	8	he cried , grabbing me in a hearty embrace .
tr	10	She closes her eyes tightly , breathing through the pain for a moment .
tr	8	Two cops sat in the front , the mesh cage separating me from them .
tr	6	" There you have it , " the Big Boss smiled down at the man with the fat glasses .
tr	10	Jonesy relaxed once his father had gone to bed .
tr	9	He had a plan and he had no time to waste .
tr	10	The man deftly paddled forward until he was alongside Claire 's red kayak .
tr	7	Water streamed into my mouth and dripped into my ears .
tr	8	I guess I deserved it .
tr	9	" I think you have the wrong man ; I just build cruise ships . "
tr	5	" That was not his aim . "
tr	9	An occasional stork would glide from one side of the river to the other .
tr	10	I 'm sure something happened to her .
tr	9	He was leaning over a doll 's baby carriage and pushing down on something .
tr	6	Adolf 's staff car passed through the gate with its two flanking guard houses .
tr	5	At my door , I stopped and peered down the empty hallway .
tr	7	I will go and finish my war club -- then start the preparation .
tr	8	" Loads but the quickest way to put it would be , stop him at all costs . "
tr	8	Her words do the damage to Link 's mind her fists have already done to his body .
tr	11	You are not in a position to know why .
tr	10	Butch wiggled , demanding to get down .
tr	10	She decided to stop asking questions .
tr	8	Before ' Beta ' continued , he stood silently for a moment assessing the teenager .
tr	6	" In my experience , your majesty , men and women often have difficulty with that .
tr	5	" No , Mr. Kirke , " Susan 's mother responded angrily .
tr	5	" With most metals , Pushing and Pulling have opposite effects .
tr	7	She asks squinting her eyes .
tr	8	All the color drained from Maria 's face at the implication of that statement .
tr	6	" It 's bad , " he said .
tr	10	" Lukas thinks he may stay beyond the first two years .
tr	8	It had been difficult enough , her legs buckled beneath her when she took a step .
tr	9	' We 're in a safe house outside Prague , ' said Anna .
tr	8	I could just make out the edge of the forest .
tr	5	This privately owned beach was serene and beautiful and isolated .
tr	8	An enormous swath of rippling steel interposed itself between the Prince and the ax .
tr	8	He felt a pang of sadness at the loss of his friend .
tr	7	" What happened to them ?
tr	10	Once we 're on the southern side of the Alps the land falls away towards Italy .
tr	6	A vein pulsed in his neck .
tr	9	" While we aren 't nearly as bad as the Bourbons , we still drain the work force with our idleness .
tr	10	The space he 'd gone into was so tight he could not turn around .
tr	9	" And this better not be some kind of sick joke ! "
tr	8	This whole exercise was just to buy Melody some time . "
tr	6	" This is criminal psychologist Slink Watkins , " he turned to him .
tr	5	In any divorce , no one side is the only cause , right ?
tr	6	I wake up , ' answered Billy , rather bluntly , finishing the story all too abruptly .
tr	11	I 'm really not sure how we will get through this .
tr	6	He bent closer and explained his solution .
tr	6	" Four Two , roger , am at trauma center with front desk staff , over . "
tr	6	Her lips burned with thirst .
tr	5	Then the housing bubble burst and middle class families lost more money .
tr	11	Anderson did not have to look at the orders , he already knew what they said .
tr	9	And the current President embroiled in some kind of scandal involving a mistress .
tr	7	His eyes closed and he slipped into unconsciousness again .
tr	9	I thought she was nearly beaten .
tr	7	' Not all of them .
tr	11	He was shocked at how gravity pulled so much , and his body felt heavy .
tr	7	He hated school but I loved it , I loved the learning about new things , the mental challenges . "
tr	10	The big one is making his move to cut me off .
tr	10	By the time she arrived it would be pitch black and there were no street lights .
tr	7	It was a short climb to the roof .
tr	11	Freshly painted red lipstick with a yellow hydrangea pinned in her hair blended well with her light brown eyes .
tr	11	" What 're you supposed to be ?
tr	11	Her golden hair in a braid wrapped around her head like a crown , grey eyes glinting when she smiled .
tr	9	As soon as we get onto the highway , Gabe continues his story without prompting .
tr	10	" Right , " said Jon , obviously not afraid to rise to the challenge .
tr	5	" But the real beauty is the sensor inputs .
tr	10	Jones wants to teach them they 've got souls so he can save them .
tr	8	They will never need to return .
tr	6	" Here , I saved it from your breakfast . "
tr	7	" I used to be .
tr	7	Reid unlocked the estate and threw the keys at me .
tr	8	I tried to protest , but Logan waved me off .
tr	7	We didn 't have another option , though , so the lamp went with us .
tr	6	Abruptly , the raw emotions were gone and Jennifer 's typical unreadable yet intense expression returned .
tr	9	Do you have custody ? "
tr	7	There was no movement of any kind .
tr	6	" Then Lady Adele is without protection . "
tr	9	Several times he 'd heaved his bulk upright , looming dark against the night .
tr	9	He prayed to the Great Spirit for the forgiveness of the act he was about to commit .
tr	9	He started the Viper and smiled at the rumble of the massive V-12 engine .
tr	10	Look how she always holds her pendant when she moves .
tr	8	Publicity is not what Toby needs right now . "
tr	8	" That roller idea was simple but effective - kind of like my brother-in-law . "
tr	10	Ainsworth bustled ahead of his companion , apparently forgetting his friend 's troubles in light of his own hunger .
tr	10	The conflicting emotions whirled inside me , pulling me one way and then another every few seconds .
tr	10	And now this absolutely ridiculous favour he 's asked of me .
tr	10	I want to believe he grieves , but I can 't understand his way . "
tr	8	Couldn 't have went smoother .
tr	6	I dip my hand into the bowl .
tr	6	One shoe fell with a thud on the floor .
tr	5	Not excerpts , not interpretations , not commentaries : just the original stuff .
tr	8	Who would have guessed that ? '
tr	6	" I am not a demon , " the Great Mother said .
tr	10	His power was not enough to fight them back and hold them .
tr	10	The Prince just barely stopped himself from letting out a gasp of relief .
tr	8	But the Cossacks in the fortress were already taking care of the escapees .
tr	8	I need to get home . "
tr	8	It might fade with time but , with a little scratching , would easily come to the surface .
tr	7	Seeing Jorge 's smile sparkling in the low patio light below sent a delightful frisson up her spine .
tr	10	' Jane knows what is going on , I had to tell her .
tr	9	He heard a few dark chuckles over the net .
tr	8	It was a land now scorched beyond recognition , burned and trampled .
tr	5	After five endlessly long rings , Shirl Remington 's answering machine clicked on .
tr	9	He sat across from Nathan and laced his fingers in front of him .
tr	8	Or maybe she could hold it in her mouth but then she 'd sneeze again .
tr	8	I pamper them too much , he thought , then smiled ; he wouldn 't have it any other way .
tr	7	" Is there a town somewhere nearby ? "
tr	10	That sick feeling I 'd gotten my facts wrong sat in my gut .
tr	8	He transferred a rather substantial amount of money to your bank a fortnight ago .
tr	8	He steels himself , taking a deep breath , his eyes narrow and his lips curl into a deep frightening scowl .
tr	8	He really stretched out the word " that " when he said it .
tr	10	His vision had cleared and he saw Pete hit the ground behind him .
tr	11	If you should find this , you should destroy it immediately -- " Then something seemed to have occurred to him .
tr	10	" Suppose you had got hurt ? "
tr	8	The words , sharp and metallic , tore through the peace of the lake .
tr	7	It was late , the night sky clear and full of stars .
tr	6	In a small voice , she added : " At first my father didn , t try very hard .
tr	9	About how to be Death .
tr	6	" Well , " Ferguson said , " The legends never really did say .
tr	8	Eight steps later and the little girl stopped in front of him .
tr	6	She held a cup in a large , fine linen handkerchief .
tr	7	Once the new SIM was ready , the clerk snapped it from its plastic frame and handed it over .
tr	10	These candidates are kidnapped , and then subjected to the same interrogation as the military candidates .
tr	10	Billy laughed and smiled as he looked at Connor .
tr	8	Something is going to happen . "
tr	8	He motioned to the young girl to turn around ... .
tr	8	In a matter of seconds , they had lost another form of shelter .
tr	6	And then , in the end , the city and its people had simply ignored her .
tr	9	I want to talk with you about something . "
tr	6	There , just below that ledge is a small cave .
tr	7	The Angel landed the starship in a park next to the scientist 's house .
tr	9	" Are you done complaining ? "
tr	7	The skin on his face , though of similar texture , was looser , thinner , and slower to respond .
tr	7	He slapped the arm of his chair .
tr	8	We 've got his family as well as his civilian acquaintances covered . "
tr	7	All of his scars are crystalized in my mind .
tr	8	" And has he vested you with authority ? "
tr	6	Stuck me in a freezer .
tr	5	But I hardly have any cuts .
tr	9	But the rain would have hampered the assassin climbing the wall too . "
tr	11	She 'll be able to help you along the way .
tr	8	" Sierra Bravo I , deviation ; two degrees off course , " reported ground control .
tr	6	" Oh , call me John .
tr	8	And whatever they were , he didn 't have an answer so he just shrugged .
tr	6	" Let 's go in , " Joey said and tugged my shirt .
tr	7	He dug in his heels and yanked his friend with all his might .
tr	7	" The forum is now in session , " announced a male council member .
tr	7	In a fit of rage and quick thinking , I brought my pistol up and cocked it .
tr	8	They had wooden beds with feather mattresses , chamber pots , desks , and small , unadorned closets .
tr	6	First , it was Susan B. Anthony , then Sacagawea .
tr	9	Occasionally , small rocks would roll down the cliffs around us and clatter onto the highway .
tr	7	How could I not have recognized it ?
tr	10	She knew at once she must go closer to the pool edge .
tr	8	This tunnel was as wide as ten feet in some places , narrow as three feet in others .
tr	10	But a pang came along with it , because those people who died had been on the bus with her .
tr	6	" Ah , m ' lady , " the captain reached out with two white gloved hands .
tr	10	He had no intention of groping his way down those stone steps .
tr	8	Shut up and let me handle this . "
tr	5	" Enough , " a voice stated , and the agony stopped .
tr	8	" You 're out of time , Ahmad , " said Ben taking another stride forward .
tr	7	Standing in the cold morning air she pushed some wisps of hair back from her face .
tr	6	" Given the sender , it most certainly is , " came his solemn answer .
tr	6	The clerk paled , and licked his lips nervously , but didn 't leave .
tr	11	She cast his a questioning glance , then obeyed with a shrug of her massive shoulders .
tr	8	He would just close his eyes for a minute , he told himself .
tr	10	" They do , and the Chinese are probably going to be our biggest rivals .
tr	8	The Headmaster took out a whistle like the Headmistress ' and blew two long blasts and one short one .
tr	8	" Alex found it , I 'm sending a more complete and hi-res video of it . "
tr	9	I was on a roll , and there was no stopping me .
tr	8	" True , but there were fights between us too , " he said .
tr	8	Our school backs up to a humongous woods and that woods borders a marshland and another state forest .
tr	10	As Kevin had been living there for the last 10 years , he was considered a local .
tr	7	" I have never seen her act in such a polite manner !
tr	11	Mac moved slowly , taking in Toby and all the details of her surroundings , including the lighting .
tr	10	His face was grim , completely different from the usual genial expression that resided there .
tr	8	I found I enjoyed her company more and more .
tr	7	Without lifting her eyes , she pulled out the necklace and handed it to him .
tr	10	I was mad for being stuck here .
tr	8	Stay strong and stay true to each other .
tr	7	Amanda pulled the phone away from her ear and stared at the screen in shock .
tr	7	" Yeah , and at least it didn 't hurt anybody . "
tr	9	Joe found himself frozen in place .
tr	7	" They 're big boys , they can find their way back home on their own . "
tr	7	Turns out the girl was really a dude , and he didn 't know it . "
tr	7	Is there any other reason you were in such a hurry ? "
tr	8	Those I had knocked down got back up , slowly but seemingly unaffected .
tr	5	" No , for the time being , I 'm kind of stuck .
tr	11	Not by much , but just enough to buy us a little breathing room .
tr	8	" Didn 't you want to kill me not so long ago ? "
tr	8	He looked over at Mark , awash with excitement .
tr	7	The few men he knew were not among this group .
tr	9	You got to keep moving .
tr	10	My engineers will be happy to have another toy .
tr	8	" Didn 't think I 'd see you again , " Mido shrugs , watching the boy pass .
tr	10	" Is this something to do with the Tome ? "
tr	6	" No talking , my golden queen , " he ordered and I bit my lip .
tr	11	I 'm used to riding on the downs , these trees make me claustrophobic . "
tr	9	I sprinted down it and up the small set of stairs .
tr	6	' I could , ' she said , ' given the same reasons . '
tr	7	The stronger he got , the more anxious Betta seemed to become .
tr	7	A corded forearm blocked his way , and another man 's shadow fell over him .
tr	6	Medical equipment , cabinets , and tables were in abundance .
tr	5	Nevertheless , your brother , he kept his shit together .
tr	11	" You said you 'd trade one of your milk cows ? "
tr	8	A fourth sun appeared shining like a huge diamond .
tr	11	" I don 't think it would be that way , Mom .
tr	8	" Still , she did seem much more mature , didn 't she ?
tr	11	Was he supposed to say that it was alright ?
tr	9	I hope I 've been successful .
tr	7	Blood streamed from her shoulder and Roberto gasped softly .
tr	9	The boys did exactly as ' dad ' had told them .
tr	9	Sarah put the dishes in the sink and punched down the dough for the bread she was planning for lunch .
tr	9	And if that didn 't work , she would kill herself before she was chained .
tr	6	" Ren , " the woman acknowledged me without a smile , but also without any other expression .
tr	7	" Hit her again and you 'll be grounded . "
tr	6	Good pub , great beer and good food , and my family will still be there . "
tr	10	" Yes we can , because , uh , because you could use her in your research .
tr	7	But , an hour later Calvin had used his entire lunch hour in the pub .
tr	10	Mike still kept in touch , as she was a good friend of Miyako 's .
tr	10	" Are you sure they would not include you ? "
tr	6	But the driver and the shooter still haven 't been found .
tr	6	In 1822 Stephen Austin arrived in southeast Texas with his hand-picked families .
tr	11	" I think a silent prayer from all of us is in order .
tr	9	" We needed to see the damage to the dam ourselves .
tr	10	Underneath the jewels , her smudged toes wiggled back at her , adorned with a myriad of henna flowers .
tr	5	" How 's it looking ? "
tr	5	The shirt is too large .
tr	7	How could Faro do this to me ?
tr	8	Come , sit down , have breakfast with us . "
tr	6	I thought -- " She checked , then was almost apologetic .
tr	9	He listened to her leave before getting on with his work .
tr	9	I scanned the mass of people until I found the mime to my left .
tr	9	Chapter Two ~ Arthur Cobb was feeding his cat when the call came in .
tr	5	" Oh , sorry , " Joe B. backed away a step .
tr	5	Deep gouges down his arms .
tr	7	Despite their moderate success , she was getting thinner and thinner all the time .
tr	7	" Oh , and I got us some grub . "
tr	7	Just then Simon 's stomach gave out a grumble , and they both started laughing .
tr	10	She had almost the full day left in which to explore .
tr	5	" Does the name is Sunrise Air sound familiar ? "
tr	11	He quickly took the patient 's pulse and determined it to be weaker than normal .
tr	9	And he would never forgive himself if she got hurt .
tr	9	A man in a lab coat is suspended in mid air , spinning and screaming in agony .
tr	5	" Angel - " " Don 't ' angel ' me .
tr	7	With a slow , careful gait he walked over to the window ledge and set the toad down on the sill .
tr	7	Thank you so much for this , John Taylor .
tr	6	" Very touching , but it is time . "
tr	9	Probably he closed itself and Alex came to hunt .
tr	9	Each one knew his job and they wouldn 't be coming together until the Friday .
tr	11	John was fully aware of what was going on .
tr	11	Do you know what it is ? "
tr	8	I 've never got on with Viv ; we 're so different in every way .
tr	9	It was a market economy down there -- and in space , too -- after all .
tr	11	Lining up another portal , he has a compelling thought , lowering his hand to consider the prospect .
tr	10	Finally he said something , " Once I find out who did this , I 'll have him peeled ! "
tr	8	Why are we putting young men behind bars and then deleting them from society ?
tr	10	Just a month or three before I head back to Ireland to find a job .
tr	11	I didn 't want to drop Sally in it .
tr	10	I am sorry to have burdened you .
tr	8	Call me later or something , will you ?
tr	6	" Stop being such a wimp , " I hissed at my reflection in the review mirror .
tr	10	But all the same , I brushed some of the worst off with my hands .
tr	6	Nick , on the other hand , stood , took her hand , and kissed it .
tr	10	How did you know it was me behind the beef shortage ?
tr	9	Another did see him though , and drawing a pistol , fired at Nathan from about ten feet away .
tr	9	Nothing was going to harm his friend .
tr	9	Come , let me help you to stand .
tr	8	" Included in the cost of admission . "
tr	8	It was amazing to Alfred that this system worked at all .
tr	8	" If it 's all right with you , sir , of course . "
tr	6	Similarly attired , they waited anxiously on the other side .
tr	6	A Summons for the Queen " Lina , " Thomas called her to the mangy sofa .
tr	7	We flashed his photo all over the place , including Belfast , but nobody recognized him .
tr	9	I watched the following scene as if from afar .
tr	7	Could it still be difficult for her ?
tr	11	I assume drinking once a week weakens these foreigners ' alcohol intake .
tr	7	A hundred yards further , Chuck pointed at a small mailbox and single lane road to the right .
tr	6	Or was she an unsuspecting pawn simply following directions ?
tr	9	" Yes , " she responded with a grin , " and it looks like it 's working . "
tr	11	He had a lot of cleaning up to do .
tr	11	We have been blessed with a number of things that others around us do not have .
tr	6	" A little stiff in the limbs , mind you , however my empty stomach feels quite normal . "
tr	6	A few miles later , two large fire trucks , a pumper truck , and an ambulance raced toward us .
tr	11	Seth said nothing beat writing for TV .
tr	8	If this was correct , Jacob had been in the building all afternoon ... Jacob could not be alive .
tr	10	He passed the order to the platoon leaders to have their machine gunners take out the mortars first .
tr	7	Clutching my flimsy sword , I lunged , countering his charge .
tr	8	Aria screams , the blade sinking deeply and slicing out her back .
tr	8	" You and your buddy leave now before I change my mind . "
tr	11	' How will we know which ones they are ? '
tr	9	The hollow point bullet tore away a large chunk from the side of the zombie 's neck .
tr	11	And I had no idea how to say in French , " Help !
tr	8	he shouted as he pulled his hat and driving goggles off .
tr	7	What 's happening Eva ? "
tr	8	Roberto stepped gracefully to the side and landed another blow to Falcon 's face .
tr	8	The sun caught the edge of a cloud , casting her face with shadow .
tr	10	So I allowed my horse to do all the direction taking and walked on .
tr	9	Think you might faint ? "
tr	8	We can 't leave Mercedes to die . "
tr	7	It 's hunger , but not like a hunger I 've ever known before .
tr	7	At the far end of the corridor , perhaps fifty yards away , was another door .
tr	8	" You have always worn it this way , even after you knew . "
tr	5	Half a century the feud has endured .
tr	9	When she stood up , she had the impression that someone was watching her .
tr	10	' I know you will and that 's all I can ask .
tr	9	Get to see inside her .
tr	9	I don 't even want to finish dinner .
tr	7	We , the righteous , act as the Lord 's hands .
tr	10	" So that 's different , " he chuckles , more fascinated than confused by the feeling .
tr	7	Beside the stairs for the next floor , was in the left side and a brown dirty carpet on the floor .
tr	10	" Sure , but we 're on the wrong side of the world for a war .
tr	8	Jonesy as usual closed his eyes , sat back in the pilot seat and listened to the four engines screaming outside .
tr	9	On the other hand , it 's not right for me to keep you .
tr	11	" There 's a well-marked path from there that 's pretty easy to climb . "
tr	10	He looked like he was responding to incoming messages .
tr	5	" Well , for one thing , they 're the wrong sex . "
tr	5	Mrs. Bracken , thin and stiff , gave the tall and graceful Tess a long , appraising look .
tr	10	" I would have found you no matter where you were . "
tr	8	he insisted , waving his hand at her .
tr	9	" No , that 's not it , " Lilly Ann huffed and lowered her dress much to Taylor 's dismay .
tr	10	Fortunately for your father , freelancing work did make him a lot of money . "
tr	11	You know that style of bear is to kill enemy . "
tr	7	The Prince took in her appearance just as quickly , and suddenly all of the pieces fit together .
tr	11	Josie , meanwhile , had backed away from the shapeshifter , her back pressed against the elevator doors .
tr	7	The only light in the reception area came from an end table , and the office appeared deserted .
tr	11	I got a table close to theirs out on the porch and heard , like , everything they said . "
tr	11	But there had to be more to tell .
tr	8	Elimination was the only option , elimination on a grand scale .
tr	10	The driving fist stopped a split second before connecting with Steve 's temple .
tr	6	' Just another couple of hours , ' Katherine said without smiling .
tr	5	" My pleasure , Captain , " Jeff acknowledged .
tr	7	' Well , for a couple of years he didn 't go back , did he . '
tr	8	" I can feel them , " he answered a bit surprised , " they are warm and soft . "
tr	11	He had rebuilt and repaired this motor more often than he cared to remember .
tr	10	When I told him the whole story of the prophecy , he just nodded .
tr	5	" Oh yes , Witch Doctor , they most certainly are !
tr	7	Each one apparently took away a piece of our soul .
tr	9	Now she was merely winded , as if she had run a league .
tr	9	His head was bowed for a moment of silent contemplation and prayer .
tr	8	" I would 've gone with them .
tr	10	" Gema and Wendy will be along soon I expect , they 'll be in their own car . "
tr	7	King Ine did not look best pleased and sat in irritated silence for a moment .
tr	10	" Alfred had Toby 's birth engineered by the genetics group at NET .
tr	8	It 's Illusion , a trick of Water and Fire and Air .
tr	9	" Help me do what ?
tr	11	Matthew tried to hear what they were saying .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " the short sergeant said .
tr	11	" Do I have to say it ? "
tr	10	' Beta ' paused once more allowing Simon to register the last comments .
tr	10	The Prince nodded toward the door back to the staircase , his message clear - draw them off .
tr	9	" There is nothing to forgive you for .
tr	10	' Our friend was reluctant , but I convinced him to give us a name at least . '
tr	9	What are you going to do then ?
tr	6	" Please don 't shoot , " an unarmed man lifts his arms up .
tr	10	She was a woman who hated and fought injustice and , above all , held grudges .
tr	9	" Ten feet again , and we have about ten feet to go . "
tr	6	A cheap version of the drug , particularly unpredictable and often contaminated , was readily available in many Polish cities .
tr	5	A split second later , he popped back out .
tr	8	" We should be pushing forward in a minute or so . "
tr	9	I 'm glad it 's dark .
tr	7	The eight combat divers shouldered their bags and jogged single file from their squad room to the armory .
tr	6	" It 's alright Eliza , " Rosie knelt down , and pushed back my hair .
tr	9	I slowly faced him while the tray balanced precariously on my arm .
tr	7	Jessica gasped , " Look out , Missy ! "
tr	6	Right now , though , the morning sun provided quite enough light , even in this darkened room .
tr	6	The volunteers are in pairs and groups .
tr	6	" What is the most important thing ? "
tr	6	She immediately looked up to the electronic timer .
tr	10	Only the memories of the many , many mortals he had consumed helped him keep his sanity .
tr	11	We needed to focus on the problem at hand .
tr	10	The words had made her feel sick , but it was too late to turn back .
tr	7	I nodded and headed swiftly down the hall .
tr	6	" God damned boots is ruined , " he said to no one in particular .
tr	8	She saw something glistened and gasped .
tr	11	He wouldn 't have come here if it hadn 't been necessary .
tr	8	Sometime later , shortly before his mam 's death in March , a neighbour lent him an electric guitar .
tr	9	He questions trying to stand .
tr	7	When his fingers brushed the stone , the facing crumbled away .
tr	6	Nothing that would help me .
tr	7	Kai backed away and fitted an arrow to his string .
tr	11	Was the birds ' donated money to White Eagle used to buy glue ?
tr	7	She gestured at her mouth , and he made his way to her with food and water .
tr	11	And they knew it was time to go .
tr	6	" Oh , " said Michel , with a dumbfounded look , lowering his gun .
tr	6	Two orders of chicken strips and three chicken sandwiches .
tr	10	I didn 't forbid you to do that , " she said happy , taking a drink from my vodka .
tr	7	Brenner and Downer were part of a fire team .
tr	5	" Dad , listen , " began Joshua .
tr	8	The hotel 's windows were all leaded with small diamond panes surrounding stained glass coats of arms .
tr	11	Do you know what rules I 'm breaking ?
tr	11	You could at least try to be more subtle about it . "
tr	5	The orderly , the first car driver , and the second car driver ?
tr	9	Or what was to come .
tr	10	" The Ramos accept the challenge " a huge Wolf in their family declared .
tr	6	With a withered look he said , ' A little space please ? '
tr	5	" No reason why not , " he responded cheerfully .
tr	10	" We need to get out from under their thumb , gentlemen .
tr	8	He is keeping something from her , and she doesn 't like it .
tr	8	" You want me to go down there ? "
tr	10	One hit punches through his hull where Warrior had torn the scales away at his neck .
tr	7	He collapsed on the surface and just lay there , exhaustion in his features .
tr	11	It 's like the one we had in field school . "
tr	6	Like in the dream , the woman under the light only stared at me .
tr	9	He rubbed the tip of his cold nose and looked up at the top of the trees .
tr	5	Despite the chaos , in a strange way those were happy days .
tr	8	You could almost hear his heart pounding out of his chest .
tr	10	The shore was so far away he couldn 't see it .
tr	7	Tomas Godard appeared next to Anna and laid a hand on her shoulder .
tr	8	Alejo , don 't you know how much I loved you ?
tr	8	" Your friend here was not allowed access to the museum , so we couldn 't get our clue . "
tr	11	Dane retreated and the girls past Johnny who held the door .
tr	11	I know you are tired but just a little longer and then you can rest . "
tr	11	Suddenly they stopped as Nina put up her hand to halt .
tr	8	I will take as many as I can .
tr	7	" Yeah , but it 's high school and I 'm just a freshman , " Anna spat back .
tr	5	" What was her name ? "
tr	7	Then , around the dawn of the millennium , things really kicked into high gear .
tr	7	" Are you still wearing that stupid tray ? "
tr	6	The scent of clear air wafting in from the darkness mocked our cowardice .
tr	10	She turned his face back to her , cuddling into him with a leg over him .
tr	8	It has been many years since our last meeting .
tr	9	He picked up the remote control on his desk and switched on the television on the rolling car behind him .
tr	9	The rain swept in , drenching him to the skin as his window descended .
tr	6	" He does his own hair , " Alex told her .
tr	11	Bags got stuffed with washing and his horrible orange quilt got straightened .
tr	11	He looked around and realized that he had done more than nod off .
tr	6	In my mind and to my body , the act of feeding and sexual intimacy were inextricably entwined .
tr	5	" All the creative power , all the design work , even the labor , he performed himself .
tr	6	Ben 's gaze shifted back and forth between Paul and Adam , anxiously .
tr	6	" You have not as yet answered my question , sir .
tr	9	do we have any biscuits ? "
tr	9	A little thick but on the green ... ... ... .
tr	6	And the two launched into a big argument about " aloof " and " aloft . "
tr	11	He had not even balked when Eda had been at her most irritable .
tr	8	" Yes , I 'm Kim , Mr. Stark , and this is my daughter , your great-granddaughter , Missy . "
tr	7	After the ceremony , she accepted a celebratory dinner with her instructor and a few other pilots .
tr	8	Gabriel put his hands on both hips , and stretched a little , leaning to one side .
tr	5	Nearly two weeks later , just after full dark , they boarded the ships .
tr	9	Her hands clenched into iron hammers as she started for him .
tr	9	" Captain I 'm sorry but I couldn 't tip my hand not even to you .
tr	6	Chapter 29 Outside Jackson , Mississippi General Ed Gale waited by the switch yard just outside Jackson , Mississippi .
tr	10	A computer on a black desk , in the corner , and a little mess in , the cloths being everywhere .
tr	9	Luckily for Ryan they were in their final stages of production , and could be fitted onto the shuttles instead .
tr	9	" It 's okay , " Malcolm said , " I think we 're out of danger . "
tr	10	She recognized it as complementary to her earlier feeling of commitment .
tr	7	Shots rang out from somewhere close .
tr	8	" Didn 't you used to be a maths teacher ? "
tr	8	All their features were dark save Harald 's blonde wife .
tr	9	The opportunity could not have been better for Connor to leverage back against Billy .
tr	7	His reply was immediate , but her tinkling again laugh filled the garden .
tr	6	She held her hand up , towards the locals .
tr	7	Sofia turn around and found the hooded , young man few pace from her .
tr	7	Abby taped a thick wad of gauze to the puncture holes .
tr	7	Lack of food , sanitation , and disease are only compounding the potential dangers . "
tr	6	When the white light finally faded , a muscular but handsome man was before him .
tr	7	" I set up pit locations for excavation just like in your book , Doctor Light .
tr	8	Ignoring the howls of protest from his muscles , Rylan matched his pace .
tr	8	Neil stood for a few minutes , his thoughts whirling .
tr	6	" His grandfather , " Destro corrected , still pacing the room .
tr	7	They began to paddle again , faster , and headed toward the lodge .
tr	9	A second white coat approached out of the corner of his eye and had a shiny silver thing around her neck .
tr	10	said Anatole in the silence that followed .
tr	8	" It 's all he knows . "
tr	9	" Which is why I 'm in it . "
tr	9	He told Wolf Eyes that he would make the black tea .
tr	8	He dove onto the grass and grabbed Mr. Hoover around the ankles .
tr	9	Look how fun it is here and look at all this lovely food .
tr	5	" No , just that my blood has different properties . "
tr	11	" Make sure it is the end of the story .
tr	7	A few moments in their company and you would have them at sword point .
tr	9	" ' Tis a private matter that Lord Rafe wishes to attend to himself . "
tr	11	With luck , this hunt would be more successful than the one going on in the court .
tr	7	" They retreat at daylight , " Brand said .
tr	10	Sampson let the words hang in the air , and when Anderson still did not respond , continued on .
tr	7	So , Joey dragged my little butt outside into the cool fall air and threw footballs at my head .
tr	7	Stalin continued , whispering , sweat trickling down his temple .
tr	8	' Are you any good with this stuff ? '
tr	9	I was starting to question our paranoia .
tr	9	My dad kept Mr. Hoover quarantined over in his house .
tr	11	' But I suppose you ought to come clean .
tr	6	" Here man , " said Gardener , handing Jamie a pair of soft , leather work gloves .
tr	9	Do you have ID ? "
tr	9	The barstool was the only thing that remained solid .
tr	9	" Shall we get started , gentlemen ? "
tr	9	She knows static over the communications channel is a very bad sign .
tr	6	Malcolm sat next to me .
tr	6	" Well , I miss my dad , " Lena replied .
tr	9	" But you were wise to run away .
tr	11	And I proved to him that life on Earth could not have originated from molecules .
tr	8	The speaker shook his hand and then dashed off the other end of the stage .
tr	9	They called me here and this is the reception I get ?
tr	9	Now where can a Lizard get some food without being bothered ?
tr	5	" Most certainly you have , " Mr. Clancy answered .
tr	11	My mouth dried up , my heart hammered hard , and I screamed and ran back the way I 'd come .
tr	10	She said , " You men are all alike sexist pigs a heart . "
tr	8	Let 's just make sure things go as planned today . "
tr	7	A deep growly voice , one that I recognized .
tr	8	Hearing Trae use her full name , Lena stopped and stared at her brother for a moment .
tr	8	The turns and spinning gave instruction as to distances and directions a Bee would need to go .
tr	7	Michael gave the dog a big hug and Ben gently stroked the huge serpent 's wise old head .
tr	8	Reid 's Glock echoed the shots from my gun on the opposite side of the car .
tr	10	" She had no reason to tell the truth , and she was hardly looking out for our best interests . "
tr	10	The sun in the East started to paint the sky with red and orange brush strokes .
tr	6	The stifling cabin would not become her coffin .
tr	8	" But I 'm not praying to anyone , I just close my eyes and focus on one thing . "
tr	8	Depends what you want too .
tr	9	Frankie dropped down first then Nancy until it was Gray , Malcolm , and me .
tr	11	Call if she wants anything when she wakes . "
tr	9	" We live past the last cabin , through the woods , and in back of the stables .
tr	7	He slipped off the goggles and picked up the heavy rifle by his side .
tr	7	Where is that boy of mine ? "
tr	11	The only things that mattered to them were the make believe things in their mind .
tr	9	For an instant she reeled on buckling knees , and then fell in a sodden heap on the floor .
tr	10	He wished it would snow this winter , it always seems quieter and more peaceful under a blanket of snow .
tr	10	As hard as it is here , it 's a lot harder when 50 % of your workforce is gone !
tr	6	Unfortunately , certain complications brought you here , but this is not a gulag .
tr	7	For once in my life I 'm not acting .
tr	8	That little dress or shirt she had on was awfully tattered and dirty . "
tr	6	" Witness descriptions were pretty clear , " Sgt. Brown replied .
tr	11	" Do you have to be so crude ? "
tr	8	We are using a lot more runway .
tr	8	The sun shone in through the window on her smooth black hair .
tr	9	The laughter was too loud , the conversation too casual and , just before they left , too confident .
tr	9	But wandering through the tall grass along the road , I put those thoughts from my mind .
tr	6	Gripping the handle , she pulled open the door and entered the cool , quiet interior .
tr	9	" You keep saying she is .
tr	7	' All the way to the bottom , ' replied Friedrich .
tr	8	" Oh , yeah , that 's probably the right thing to do . "
tr	8	He said , " I know this place , " replied Gema thoughtfully .
tr	8	He took the needle from her hand and then pointed for them to leave .
tr	9	He leaned back on his chair , and I heard the squeak of springs as they resisted his weight .
tr	8	The character in the story was not terribly important , but I asked her to elaborate .
tr	5	Lo blinks and blinks again .
tr	7	He lit a cigarette and reminisced of life back home , of hot sausage and cold beer .
tr	10	He didn 't set out to change this man 's life .
tr	11	He looked sharply at Soul who grinned at him cleverly .
tr	8	Although it was only ten thirty in the morning , the pub was open for business .
tr	9	Wanted to speak with you .
tr	5	' You stupid , arrogant , stuck-up , heartless vampire Prince ! '
tr	11	I thought to myself as I ran towards the side of the bridge .
tr	5	" Don 't you remember your family or home anymore ? "
tr	9	Their voices went silent as four pairs of eyes studied the hillside , waiting .
tr	9	Eda caught his arm as he turned from her .
tr	6	" It 's not the gas source , though , " Lynn said .
tr	6	" No tonic , sir , and no price , " said the boy to their mutual surprise .
tr	6	After a second 's hesitation , Miriam leaned forward and grabbed the handkerchief .
tr	7	" Oh , bless you , missus , " the woman said .
tr	9	That was the only scenario that made sense .
tr	9	He laced our hands and pressed his face into the crook of my neck .
tr	8	He checked his display ; the CP would now drop in this little valley .
tr	9	Connor quickly crawled to the light and could make out the layout of the room .
tr	10	I find it difficult to lie , and lying to the military was a risky game .
tr	7	" My orders came from your Mother , little Prince . "
tr	9	A fur covered bed dominated the room , and a fire warmed the chill winter air .
tr	9	The fire would serve as adequate distraction for his escape .
tr	7	Practically forced Jacob to go . "
tr	8	The small canine expanded rapidly to the size of a horse .
tr	11	It was much later that another immortal imparted to me the theory behind the seventeen deaths .
tr	9	Claire longed to stop and take in scene .
tr	6	" Oh , thank you , " said Galen , " I made it myself . "
tr	7	One thing 's for sure ... nothing 's ever scared him . "
tr	8	" I sent you a video ; didn 't you get it ? "
tr	9	Bethany giggled , " Did you see everyone 's reaction at that Jerry 's Restaurant place ? "
tr	10	Scott looked back over his shoulder and realized the cliff had turned and this way would be quite easy .
tr	5	His plain white uniform and jacket sported a blood transportation company logo .
tr	10	The lifeless form of the Watchman slumped to the ground and began to crumble into dust .
tr	8	The issued Steyr rifle was invented by an Austrian company and built in Australia .
tr	9	' I like you pretty good , let 's see how it goes ' , or something along those lines .
tr	11	Betrayal would be to turn his back on his Mother , and on the other Children .
tr	10	" How are we ever going to turn them into a trust worthy crew ? '
tr	8	I loosen the fabric and rub the soft fleece between my fingers .
tr	7	A storm is brewing , atmospheric conditions are perfect , I cannot waste this opportunity .
tr	9	You must come with me back to my home , I can help her there . "
tr	10	Some dreams it must be having !
tr	6	The water 's way too rough ... these are four foot waves . "
tr	10	But when she opened her mouth to speak it wasn 't words that came out .
tr	10	The anger in her something that had changed her .
tr	10	As he pondered the problem , his only conclusion was to use part of all three reasons .
tr	10	I was beginning to find him quite amusing .
tr	7	I might have a way , but it is not very reliable .
tr	8	Was anyone in the barn during the night ? "
tr	6	When the stars align , for that brief moment , a portal opens between our realms .
tr	8	Joseph made a wordless growl at the back of his throat .
tr	6	He had a beautiful , calming voice : strong and steady .
tr	5	" Six to six , the first vote , " Dennis said .
tr	7	She got it from the crew , especially her brothers , all the time .
tr	11	It is time for food to be taken to your kin .
tr	9	And we can reclaim what 's yours .
tr	5	Finally , he puts his hat back on .
tr	7	I nodded towards Simon and his captive .
tr	6	" So our suspicions are correct , " the man hissed quietly .
tr	8	' She 's tall , slim , with long blonde hair .
tr	6	" And Nicolas , Sebastian , Logan , and I , " he emphasized , " are still single .
tr	8	I crouched , leapt upwards and caught the lowest rung of the ladder with my right hand .
tr	8	She did not mind so she waited .
tr	9	If that is true , he must return to the Kingdom of Snow . "
tr	8	" It is a very generous offer if I must say .
tr	8	Rocks broke through the surface like fish bursting from a lake .
tr	5	" Would it have helped ? "
tr	9	He was apparently satisfied with her agreement , and indicated that she could dress .
tr	6	" You are a fortunate dog ! "
tr	11	Waving Willow would not leave the hole so Wounded Eagle stayed with her , while she mourned .
tr	11	And I 'm afraid that the same thing will happen with you . "
tr	11	Let her know I 'm okay .
tr	7	" But we 're not ... " A loud rumbling noise interrupted Maddy 's reply .
tr	10	Please contact me if I can be of further assistance .
tr	8	" We got pretty far along with the access road on this side , " said Jake , proudly .
tr	11	It 's also one of the most exciting things to ever happen in the field of maritime archeology .
tr	9	A typhoon of emotion overwhelmed her as Mark walked into the room .
tr	8	Someone must have told her he would not be around the Fortress much longer .
tr	8	Then with a sharp intake of breath he performed his snare drum fill and began playing .
tr	9	I 'm at the primary school , Ruth asked me to collect Sky but she isn 't here .
tr	9	I was only trying to protect you . "
tr	5	" Time , that Greek god you mentioned the other day . "
tr	8	He speaks with the rhythm of his motion .
tr	11	" Are you going to be at the bar tonight ? "
tr	10	The guard set a fast pace , and Neil had to scramble to keep up with him .
tr	7	" You 're doing it without butter ? "
tr	7	' I could turn it up but then ze guitar would be too loud . '
tr	9	It will be a long time before we see peace again .
tr	10	" Yeah but just be careful what you show him , " Tim said looking up from the screen .
tr	7	" I 'm serious , " she sighs , blushing slightly .
tr	6	It can 't , but maybe he can , said a little voice in my head .
tr	8	" We 're watching them real-time from here , " he added , almost as an afterthought .
tr	8	She took a deep breath , steeling herself for battle .
tr	8	Twenty-four While Gray rambled on about the business , I hid behind my latte .
tr	7	Rand had taken her silence as rejection .
tr	6	It was , and still is , the best hyper sport motorbike ever made by Suzuki .
tr	8	" Are you looking for Devon ? "
tr	9	Come back when you 've walked your fill . "
tr	5	" Yes , commander , and - " " Remove your weapons !
tr	10	I reminded him of Fiona , that 's all .
tr	9	The makeshift sundial of the basement windows was telling him that it was now midmorning .
tr	7	She looked back at the waiting aircraft and its guards .
tr	5	More than that , however , the forest was different .
tr	11	That was all I needed to hear .
tr	8	The rudder returned to the starting position and Jeff swam over and slid the handle into the hinge space .
tr	10	They 'll think we 're in the lab the whole time . "
tr	7	He blushed and moved back even more , it was looking suspicious and arousing my curiosity even more .
tr	8	As always anything where cash was king .
tr	9	Thank motherfucking God for that .
tr	9	Sofia closed her eyes and sent a herald over the Wizards of the Hidden Valley .
tr	9	He looked down and shouted back , " I can reach the chain !
tr	9	As such , he had chosen , at last , to come home .
tr	9	he asked , feeling a headache coming on .
tr	8	" Hey , if you need help just say so .
tr	8	The reports warned of shouting , angry cries , and chanting .
tr	7	Perhaps , among the magi of the south , but maybe not even among them . "
tr	7	Dr. Cook was growing old , and Thane was getting impatient .
tr	10	' Do you think she helped ? '
tr	7	" Very interesting , " the shapeshifter said , looking Josie up and down .
tr	8	He leaned forward , gasping for air .
tr	6	CHAPTER 48 Abbey descended the stairs , her things packed in the gym bag on her shoulder .
tr	7	As the crowd escalated their chant , Billy finally appeared from behind his security team .
tr	9	I not able to move .
tr	7	She plopped herself down and crossed her arms , speaking into them a spiteful , " I hate you . "
tr	11	I hope they can find a cure for this thing .
tr	5	" No , " was the clipped response .
tr	11	Their clocks had changed with computer-controlled lighting , turning lights on and off to replicate day and night .
tr	7	I see something in him .
tr	10	" Yeah , he did say that , didn 't he ? "
tr	10	It 's pretty much like the rest of central Borneo except more hilly , " said Mudd smiling at the memory .
tr	11	You have got to learn not to shout . "
tr	7	Lying so close to the ground , the stench was almost unbearable .
tr	8	Nathan abruptly broke the silence , " Who is Gabriel ? "
tr	9	That quote was more apt and fitting now , and Reggie decided on a whim to use it .
tr	9	Tori went to the second floor to look for Daniel at his locker .
tr	11	added Simon in an attempt to defend Signor Beppe .
tr	6	" I like her , " Pierre said with a wide-open grin .
tr	5	" Brown duffle bag . "
tr	7	Though she listened closely , she still couldn 't place him .
tr	9	' And send one registered post to ourselves for copyright purposes . '
tr	7	" You 're right , something has happened to him . "
tr	8	He looked up , halting his lurching walk around their campsite .
tr	8	" Oh shit , the guy drove me nuts , talk about full of his own importance .
tr	10	I would like to spend a short time with my sons . '
tr	10	A look of utter terror crossed the charlatan 's eyes before it was replaced by inconsolable loathing .
tr	5	" I didn 't , Leah did . "
tr	11	Despite the radiance that bathed the clearing , it was too dark to fathom the colour of his eyes .
tr	11	I hear a sound from the bed , but when I turn Gabe 's got his eyes closed .
tr	10	They might even know you 're at this ball .
tr	9	We did have a disagreement a few days later on our way to the fort .
tr	10	It was too much to handle for Errol .
tr	9	An eerie sound began to creep upon the air , trickling over her skin like sweat .
tr	6	" What is it , Abby ? "
tr	10	You need to be ready for that ! "
tr	8	Lacroix opened his mouth to reply .
tr	9	" Are we free of our crimes ? "
tr	11	" Well , it 's always good to have you boys back .
tr	11	The snorting of horses as they made a charge struck him with a feeling of ice cold dread .
tr	5	Not a vampire , a werewolf , a ghost or a witch .
tr	6	Adele 's eyes widened and she looked away .
tr	5	Now he is a major and training troops back home . "
tr	10	" Sure , but I think you 're forgetting one thing . "
tr	5	" Oh , certainly , by all means , " Powys said .
tr	8	Upon arrival at the Butterworth base , Simon found Inspector Lau waiting for him .
tr	6	The Creek restaurant , by the Brandywine Creek river , advertised a " fabulous view over the river . "
tr	8	They then sealed them all up against inclement weather and successfully passed that part of their training .
tr	8	" Did your house survive the attack ?
tr	7	Frustrated she climbed to the roof and peered out over the ledge .
tr	10	Eda shook her head trying to clear her thoughts .
tr	6	" They 're definitely following -- the only other person just turned off the road .
tr	8	John 's commanders ' Paul , Mal and Derek made their views known and were also totally behind their leader .
tr	10	Brand was surprised at how obedient Midnight was , but Hilda had ridden with the horse peoples and knew their tricks .
tr	7	Well , he never actually gave a real order or made his own decree , but the effect was the same .
tr	10	Her steps quickened as she reached inside her bag and removed a short grey flask .
tr	6	Tall , with long arms , the man 's saber sliced through the air beside me .
tr	8	Logan asked around a mouthful of energy bar .
tr	9	My mother tells me I have his laugh , so maybe that 's it .
tr	7	" Sweet heavens , " mumbled one , dropping to one knee .
tr	9	" I thought you didn 't like her . "
tr	8	I have been faithful to you .
tr	11	I see you 've brought us vampires .
tr	10	The prize money was the same amount he spent every week on his program .
tr	11	Using its power to do what ?
tr	9	" Suppose a dragon comes out of the woods ? "
tr	7	I came back in my room , took my shoes off and jumped directly in bed , felt it comfortable .
tr	9	A minute later Simon found himself attentively listening to the plan .
tr	5	" Or at least avoid going home , " Luke mutters , grumpily .
tr	5	But this time , the opposite wall was a dark shaggy mass .
tr	9	Of course , this couldn 't spin on out of control for ever .
tr	10	I couldn 't easily forget that I was in my underwear and bra .
tr	9	" Are you sure it 's him ? "
tr	10	" I suppose I can leave your exact location out of my reports .
tr	10	I was sure you might have a contact . "
tr	10	Boston used to make those things by the ... boatload . "
tr	6	Inside the motel room , Atlas suddenly came to the same conclusion .
tr	5	" Then whose fault is it ?
tr	10	" I know - no promises , " she said , repeating the line he so often uttered .
tr	9	Three globes stood on top of the bookcase -- one showing the features of this world .
tr	6	His eyes are wet , turned a warm honey in the sunlight .
tr	8	he asked looking at Marco .
tr	9	It 's the only way to save us . "
tr	10	There was no urge to fill the emptiness with conversation .
tr	10	It was only big enough for one to hide behind .
tr	9	' The man is barely a hundred years older than you , ' he said .
tr	5	His energy flickers , and I start .
tr	9	" No , that 's not what I 'm saying at all .
tr	8	" I haven 't seen anyone other than you and now Joe , in forever . "
tr	8	That 's not funny when it 's possible .
tr	6	Her dreams no longer involved Hobbs suits and holidays to the Maldives .
tr	5	" And it was not successful ? "
tr	11	I should have you placed in a dungeon with rats .
tr	9	It was followed by an indistinct growl of some wild animal .
tr	9	She had done this pretty often , and every man she had told reacted in a different way .
tr	10	Franz thought she had gone insane .
tr	8	" Since when is there a pre-holiday Kwanzaa thing ? "
tr	10	The dimwitted monster grunted as the dervish barreled into it and knocked the mighty thing off its clawed feet .
tr	11	Quickly he devised a cover story until he could make sense of his dilemma .
tr	8	They paused at the sight of us at the table .
tr	9	She laid silence and added , " Iris ... you love her ? "
tr	9	He 'd noticed the livery of the guards , and he knew who this was .
tr	9	That is , until I get my hands on him . "
tr	8	Voices and music echoed faintly in the background behind him .
tr	8	That 's around forty degrees in Fahrenheit , " he added , enjoying the looks on both colleagues .
tr	6	The red and black colors of her paisley tank stood out against her pale skin .
tr	8	Mike couldn 't remember saying anything .
tr	9	The scenes of his life were on playback , some repeating themselves over and over .
tr	10	Tommy was hesitant to enter the darkening woods , but since he had no better option he continued on .
tr	6	" We both just want the truth , " said the Pastor .
tr	6	Then he saw her shape and only then , he saw her face .
tr	7	With every swing of the blade , his breathing grew more erratic .
tr	8	I couldn 't imagine what she meant .
tr	7	I said , astounded by this latest disclosure .
tr	6	Doesn 't Word automatically save a backup in some weird place , like under the administrator directory or somewhere ? "
tr	11	When Claire looked up , she got the impression he was glad for the intervention .
tr	10	He watched as her eyes flashed away from her nails and looked up at him in mild surprise .
tr	9	The others were on the golf course and at various functions with Gema .
tr	7	I must admit , I was more afraid on board your ship than on the Contra O Vento . "
tr	6	I 'd be happy too . "
tr	11	He did not know what to think of it .
tr	9	When she had gotten herself comfortable , she opened the journal to the first place marker .
tr	8	I thought that were tourists .
tr	11	I believe we 're all set for tomorrow , " I replied .
tr	5	Did your crazy grandfather lock her up too ? "
tr	8	When the skins start to bubble , split along their length with a fork .
tr	6	" No silly , sometime next week , " the sarcasm dripping from her voice .
tr	5	" Your father William saved my life once .
tr	7	" Flying is for our feathered friends , " added her equally exciting father .
tr	6	" Oh , come on , " Neil said .
tr	6	" Well ... your parents and mines are friends .
tr	11	Katherine 's face beamed as he eagerly stepped over rocks towards the water .
tr	5	" Let go , " Katie whimpered and Sophie released her grasp .
tr	7	' Let me get something straight , ' he said with a frown .
tr	6	These were hardly cheering thoughts .
tr	9	we 've no choice but to take a chance now .
tr	9	" You 're not actually supposed to say that .
tr	9	Riki stopped and put one hand on Neil 's arm .
tr	5	" Yes , I am , " said the visitor .
tr	5	" Sewing kit , " she smiled .
tr	11	I can 't wait until the hunter finally puts an arrow in your neck . "
tr	5	" At the exact same moment the winter solstice takes place . "
tr	9	" We will make for the higher ground to the right .
tr	9	She was untying the strings holding the litter to the other horses .
tr	6	" I didn 't know my father .
tr	10	They were surprised to find it empty .
tr	10	Frank saw someone running around the house toward him .
tr	10	It was , like you were ... " " Normal ? "
tr	6	This was not an option under the current circumstances .
tr	8	" I don 't give a damn about her wrists . "
tr	9	Thousands of miles to the west the wind and rain lashed at the bridge windows of the ' Gypsy Too . '
tr	9	Both boys lay quietly in their beds consumed by their own thoughts .
tr	9	Trout are smart though , big trout are old and old trout are even smarter .
tr	11	She certainly isn 't alive this day , but I need a specific date to answer that to your satisfaction . "
tr	10	Spike would have to know about this .
tr	6	The glowing , colored lights of the tree reflected impressively off the red , silver and gold wrapping paper .
tr	6	Then , my mama tossed us into the street , like stray dogs . "
tr	11	I can take no more of the man 's unctuous voice and , praise God , I don 't have to .
tr	11	Does that mean you 're dangerous too ? "
tr	9	Sometimes people are still there and will give us shelter or trade for supplies . "
tr	9	Everything 's going to work out . "
tr	11	It 'll be nice to see five blue ribbons today , " Rick said while chomping on a hot dog .
tr	11	Oh my gosh , I was starting to sound like old Mrs. Buckley , the fourth grade teacher .
tr	8	In return they and their families could enter the JP and settle in the park area .
tr	7	The whitewashed stone walls , utilitarian carpet and faded furniture were not exactly the height of luxury .
tr	6	" I have seen your daughters . "
tr	11	He wanted to stop but knew at once he couldn 't and so gave in .
tr	8	They both glanced at Mike , Mark and Kaori with a wounded expression , saying nothing and looking forlorn .
tr	7	I went down to engineering and returned in five minutes .
tr	10	He was now content to listen to stories .
tr	6	Jolie lifted his arms in exasperation .
tr	10	Beautiful enough to drive women insane .
tr	6	The sea , ships and all things maritime were in their blood .
tr	8	Insane in a fiendishly clever sort of way .
tr	8	Subject has received minor wounds but nothing of concern " replied one of the analysts .
tr	8	" Verifying the identity of these bodies took until yesterday .
tr	8	I don 't trust the normal channels any more , especially with something this important . "
tr	9	Serena recalls what happened with Ervin .
tr	8	He moves to the end of the bed .
tr	8	He was born with a clubfoot , and he only had five good toes .
tr	11	Lucas shook his head to think that not a week into her marriage she was already being unfaithful .
tr	11	I must have revenge and I must have the treasure to rebuild with ! "
tr	9	The scent of rot , earth , and the juices of the grave filled Kai 's nostrils .
tr	6	An eastbound Gulfstream V crossed the French coastline on its way to Nice .
tr	9	" It 's going to be very dangerous .
tr	9	He turned up at the hospital acting as a specialist .
tr	9	He pulled up short as he took in the scene around him .
tr	11	The deputy replied : " Under no circumstances are you to go near him . "
tr	5	" No , the streetlights , the streetlights are out . "
tr	9	The four took a passageway that left the river .
tr	11	Though he never said anything , Iris could see how worried he was .
tr	5	Sadly , he never made it out alive .
tr	11	He carefully shuffled the few feet until they all stood in front of the computer desk .
tr	6	Hyperion had recovered , and rolled off the car .
tr	7	Helen squeezed her eyes shut .
tr	7	The only building segregated from the rest was a large building a half mile away .
tr	9	But I will have to watch her .
tr	6	" I had a quick shower , and ... I made you a hot drink as well .
tr	10	" You know , maybe it 's not worth us going into that horrible city ?
tr	9	I studied the room we had entered .
tr	7	In a short space of time , the fish stock in the pots began to boil and Tsubasa took the lead .
tr	10	True , there was injustice ; there were things to be improved .
tr	6	The lady with the blue scarf passed us .
tr	7	" You were keeping secrets from ME ? "
tr	6	Those , my dear girl , are rain clouds . "
tr	5	For the first time , Claire found the sound soothing .
tr	8	We passed very few people now , our pace having left the afternoon crowds behind .
tr	11	" She 's one more person who 's not what they seem . "
tr	10	Sal said , unable to conceal his surprise .
tr	9	The smell of death threatened to engulf him here , fifteen years later .
tr	7	If to China , same thing ... ... he wouldn 't live too long .
tr	9	The woman were trapped and there was no way to run .
tr	11	" How is this connected to the phone call you just took , Kimberly ? "
tr	9	" His grandfather was the only one who had the code .
tr	8	With closed eyes and deep breathes Connor slowed his heart rate and suppressed the flow of adrenaline through his body .
tr	9	The force was great , shaking the foundations of this fabric .
tr	10	It 's better than sleeping out in the open . "
tr	11	She shakes her head trying her best not to think about the situation either .
tr	9	He smiled encouragingly and yelled , " You 'll be Ok . "
tr	6	He traced his thumb across my lips .
tr	9	Wilbur had no trepidation getting his hands dirty and neither did Taylor .
tr	11	And this thing seemed to enjoy listening to my silly blathering !
tr	10	That was a point that resonated with Lynn .
tr	5	" It 's not fair . "
tr	11	Abruptly the figure stopped struggling and sagged against the tree , breathing as deeply as Rand 's grip allowed .
tr	7	The modified hollow points in Claus ' own .45 were likewise filled with coal .
tr	9	She said , " You 've made it this far , I 'll let you decide . "
tr	6	" And , " she added , " if the fires still come , it will not be the end . "
tr	7	" Get me inside , I will do the rest , " Jason states confidently .
tr	6	" Is that satisfactory , Rick ? "
tr	8	" You 're taking this a little too well . "
tr	6	" Doctor Dresden , " a deep but smooth mechanical voice utters .
tr	8	We negotiated the metal steps silently and paused next to an old sash window on the second landing .
tr	11	That did seem to make sense .
tr	10	Her face drained of colour and Claire wondered if she was going to faint .
tr	6	Old heart wounds , old painful memories , and old anger rose with him to the killing edge .
tr	7	They said one more thing and my life would be over . "
tr	11	It was an understated gesture in the face of the dissolving reality around them .
tr	10	I took in a ragged breath as my body heaved , tears running , nose sniffling .
tr	9	Jacobs simply sat staring at the screen without moving .
tr	6	She looked so happy and comfortable playing mommy today .
tr	8	" They won 't recognize the four of us together . "
tr	10	They 'll stay out of Bolivia for a while , I assume . "
tr	5	No earthquakes , no wildfires , landslides , hurricanes , tornadoes , tsunami losses or flooding .
tr	8	For Pete , it was like hitting a rock .
tr	6	The answers follow all by themselves . "
tr	10	" I 'm not sure they 'll fit but I think they 'll be close . "
tr	5	BMW , Mercedes Benz , BMW , Jaguar , Mercedes Benz , Land Rover .
tr	9	" I got the recorder but Mr. Taylor 's parachute was on fire so he couldn 't jump .
tr	9	Keira asked as she and Mike came up for air .
tr	11	" I think you might finally be good enough for me , " she said nonchalantly .
tr	9	" Yes , it was , but I think that you did the right thing .
tr	5	The tears ran down her face .
tr	11	Free to stop as she pleased , Elaina took contrary delight in halting for a leisurely lunch by a creek .
tr	9	" Does Dad know how to shoot it ? "
tr	5	an officer and a gentleman , an enigma indeed !
tr	8	Sarah answered with " Umm , " but moments later , pointed to something off in the distance .
tr	6	After a moment , the pressure on her legs lifted .
tr	8	It rose upward , out to his arm , splintered just above his body .
tr	10	He winked at Kaylie , who returned the wink .
tr	5	Then , rather unexpectedly , came the voices .
tr	8	To show so much of herself was a first .
tr	7	Satisfied no one could see in , he returned to the computer .
tr	10	Since her conversations with Mason and Jack , she had been at a loss for what to do .
tr	9	We could all learn from Prince Lance 's example of sacrifice . "
tr	11	I ought to cut both of your thumbs off and stuff ' em up your ass ! "
tr	9	interjected Signor Beppe before she could finish the sentence .
tr	5	" Or cold beer , " added Harold .
tr	10	At first I think he might be a college professor or a lost parent , but no .
tr	6	The stern and menacing look from the last three days had vanished .
tr	11	" Ok , but just to let you know , reds not my color .
tr	7	" Let 's go , Scott , " she added in a huff , and stormed out .
tr	9	I had no idea what was inside .
tr	7	" No one but us . "
tr	7	The American pulled out another one and tossed it to me .
tr	6	She put her mug down and stared out the window .
tr	10	I have a good idea where she will be , " Roberto whispered to Pierre .
tr	7	Advanced Quantum Physics for Everyday Household Use , and Einstein 's Theory of Relativity Explained in Third Dynasty Mongolian . "
tr	6	" Uh , no , I got on the computer . "
tr	10	He said , " If I had a team it would be a piece of cake .
tr	9	" Are those people still messing about with my house ? "
tr	10	Wednesday afternoon the van carrying them pulled up , they spilled out stretching and looking at the ship .
tr	11	She wouldn 't be able to do anything about that .
tr	7	As she scanned the clearing , Elaina felt her mood improve .
tr	7	You cannot give up on it . "
tr	11	He reacted very quickly to the information he received concerning my Julio and Rick here . "
tr	11	It appeared he 'd forgotten to breathe .
tr	5	" I knew right away .
tr	6	" That 's good news , " said Sunday , her eyes glistened .
tr	6	I know you like these .
tr	9	I know I don 't like Spinach ... ?
tr	8	" Ignition , " ordered the pilot and Maggie did as commanded .
tr	9	Gathering her will she soaks it into her chest until she can hold no more .
tr	8	He paused for a moment as more men came up .
tr	8	Blood dripped from the edges of my blades .
tr	9	Chamber music with its lively tune were played at the small podium on the forefront .
tr	11	The only difference is , I haven 't used eight of mine . "
tr	8	Connie was sitting up in bed holding the 22 .
tr	9	You go ahead and try to break that up . "
tr	7	But it just keeps growing back . "
tr	9	They ran to the creek where they dived headfirst into the water .
tr	7	She borrowed a sweater of mine last week .
tr	9	Well , who among us hasn 't had such thoughts , he chuckled .
tr	8	With my hand cupped around my ear , I turned toward the voices .
tr	10	It was a frightening thing to even consider , even for his simple mind .
tr	7	Gabe rolls over and wipes his face on his shirt .
tr	11	I certainly hope not , because it 's not for sale and never will be .
tr	5	" Look really close . "
tr	8	" Try to have a softer touch .
tr	5	" Sleep well , Robinson , " Jeff replied sleepily .
tr	6	" I 'm not sad , " I said , my voice all high and pitchy .
tr	7	Glancing around , he picked it up again , heaved it onto his shoulder , and disappeared inside .
tr	8	Meeks nodded and walked over to the door where he knocked three times .
tr	10	Raymond didn 't dare make a move unless Mac told him to .
tr	6	Burning fire crawled up my neck , searing my ears , my face , my scalp .
tr	10	I think of the Glen in the same way , it 's a place where I 'll always feel safe .
tr	6	" You are never in the mood .
tr	9	The incidents inflamed the Muslim world , and passions flared on all sides of the Mediterranean .
tr	10	Karen didn 't realize Ricky was even paying attention .
tr	7	" What about you , Claire , how long have you been in New Zealand ? "
tr	8	" I haven 't taken a dip since last summer , but he 's right .
tr	5	But this woman , this human , wasn 't a supernatural being .
tr	8	It was Tomas Godard who replied .
tr	7	The black guards were the minions of this caster , chasing the Creator .
tr	10	That will be my reward for success , whether I 'm beaten or not , Mr. Ward . "
tr	6	Jack and Joe Jack looked at each other incredulously .
tr	6	" It 's still fields , " one of them ventured , after a polite interval .
tr	5	He is also my friend . "
tr	6	" Here take this , " said Vijay and gave him a hundred rupee note from his pocket .
tr	5	In the back corner , Deanna , a Reaper , still glowed blindingly bright .
tr	9	" ' Tis just as well Rafe is not here , " came a languid voice from behind him .
tr	8	What do you think that means ?
tr	10	The long streaks of pink and purple in the sky from the ensuing sunrise lengthened .
tr	10	No one said what everyone knew , what Mac already knew .
tr	7	Ironically he was commanding his army against the Roman Empire .
tr	9	Meanwhile , Sophia was getting everything ready for the trip to the seaside .
tr	9	I should have realized that before now .
tr	6	At the last moment , in a graceful , fluid motion , Beth calmly stepped back and off to one side .
tr	10	There was no reason to keep her here , he figured .
tr	6	The first bites at her seeping leg sockets were an aggravation .
tr	8	I flay and cauterize and lose track of time .
tr	6	' Yeah , yeah , ' I croak nervously , ' but ... your face !
tr	10	' So that 's how we define doing well , yes ? '
tr	9	Mom always told us that he was a good man , very brave , and funny .
tr	7	They now entered into a great room , and the sound of the flowing water was deafening .
tr	5	But sleep wouldn 't come .
tr	10	He paused to strap black swim fins and a mask onto a large waterproof bag before he stood .
tr	7	He straightened himself , collecting his saber once more .
tr	9	The water leapt through the air , drenching me in the foul liquid and blinding me for a moment .
tr	8	" What 's everyone else think ? "
tr	9	Neela was a fighter , that was certain .
tr	9	" Don 't ask me to do this . "
tr	10	Cautiously , she stood up , keeping the knife between the boy and herself .
tr	9	" I 'll slip out of these knots in two seconds . "
tr	8	Their howls reached to the skies , even over the shriek of the north wind .
tr	11	Sarah looked closer and could see John 's red shirt in front of the flock .
tr	7	I am alone , I am accused , and I will die .
tr	8	' Do you need back-up ? '
tr	9	She want to run home but she hesitated .
tr	7	Sarah stood up and went to the front door again .
tr	10	He drew out another flaming rose and throw it towards Snow .
tr	7	He lay at full length , his arms stretched out above his head to their fullest extent .
tr	10	Said to email direct to you .
tr	11	She forced his arm so that he had to turn around .
tr	7	Nathan had never seen his patient and calm wife in such a state .
tr	6	Further away , a second dog began to howl , loud and persistent .
tr	6	Suddenly , to his horror , he felt a knife in his hand .
tr	10	She spoke with Andre in Russian and didn 't seem to trust Andre .
tr	6	She clasped her hands in her lap .
tr	5	" Oh , " Lena said simply .
tr	11	" It seems to me that we have met before , you and I , " he remarked at length .
tr	8	The boat had arrived safely and was now moored down on the Solent .
tr	5	Only the feel of his hands , his mouth , his cock .
tr	8	My friend was not in the best of moods .
tr	6	" But we have arrived , " he said and opened the door .
tr	9	Populations consumed whatever was available then collapsed or moved .
tr	7	According to him , she sank and disappeared , maybe less than a hundred years ago .
tr	9	Her dress was the colour of primroses , soft and pretty , ridiculous in the depths of winter .
tr	8	Both are so pretty , don 't you think ? "
tr	8	History is doomed to repeat .
tr	11	His brother had been a CIA operative ; he had been ever since he got out of college .
tr	10	Nigel was silent for a moment , staring down at the memory card in his hand .
tr	11	She came to Canada to perform with an eccentric travelling circus act when she met Angus .
tr	9	The day was hot and overcast , which suited his mood exactly .
tr	7	I wonder where the stables are . "
tr	9	I see that you are regaining your strength .
tr	7	His face looked blank for a second then he stepped towards Andy .
tr	7	My group is made up of Muslims .
tr	6	" Shadows and light , " whispered the Prince , astonished .
tr	7	He began sprinted with all his strength towards the tank .
tr	6	" Too much karaoke ... we missed the last train , " she said with a cheeky giggle .
tr	8	" Her previous syncing was very crude and painful by the looks of it .
tr	10	She listened to the endless ringing as she waited for the phone to connect .
tr	7	" Okay , I 'll let them know . "
tr	10	One winter , when Sidney was twelve , she had shyly asked the sheriff if she could wear his hat .
tr	7	Instead , he unlocked the door and pushed me into the bakery .
tr	5	" But now you are all wet , Mr. Greene .
tr	8	I shove my hands under my body , because this will somehow help .
tr	6	" Ask me my name , Adele , " he demanded .
tr	9	If it didn 't work for you , who does it work for ?
tr	10	This is what 's amazing about this country .
tr	6	But by his own words , his time in this world is almost at an end .
tr	6	Facing Peyton , I drew in a deep breath .
tr	9	The soldier next to him held tightly to the collar of a military dog .
tr	8	As soon as they had mounted , they galloped through the streets at a breakneck pace .
tr	6	* * * " He 's a little controlling , " Merrill almost coughed into his hand .
tr	10	" Good eye , " Kevin responded , " it 's the closest thing we have to a mountain around here .
tr	5	" At home and well . "
tr	8	He decided to test it .
tr	11	" Wouldn 't it be better to have more men with you ? "
tr	8	Sarah worked the knots out of the small of her back with her fingers .
tr	8	Then there were the true-life stories of the elder braves themselves .
tr	5	" Those men , " the man went on .
tr	8	" I brought a notepad too , you know , write down stuff , " Daniel said .
tr	8	Just forget I said anything .
tr	8	" So what do we do now ? "
tr	11	Harriet was sure she 'd heard wrong .
tr	10	Candice led the way to the kitchen where she announced the arrival of their guest .
tr	8	" But it 's rush-hour traffic , there 's just too many cars on the freeway . "
tr	9	He said maybe my sight 'll come back .
tr	11	It would be madness to do anything else . "
tr	7	" You are kidding me , right ? "
tr	7	" He was at the funeral , " said George .
tr	11	You must give him time to make contact with his sources .
tr	11	Near the back wall Amy felt Danny seemed to eyeball the whole room .
tr	8	Josie appeared at the broken window leading out of the hotel .
tr	10	the woman screamed as he pulled her up by her hair , threw her over his shoulder , and walked out .
tr	7	" Shit , Cal , you haven 't even been here a month and you got yourself a whole network ? "
tr	8	There was no lethal web of power , no barrier .
tr	11	You have things to do before I leave .
tr	9	Mirai offered her hand , pulling Seven back to his feet without any effort .
tr	9	Although they had come for the nectar they sensed the other activity within the pyramid .
tr	9	" That will be yours from now on , Brand , " Hilda said .
tr	11	She looked at the two guards who were unsteady as well .
tr	7	As of today , she 's the newest member of our team . "
tr	9	If the shit hits the fan later we can always plead ignorance and fall back onto our ' consultant ' understanding .
tr	9	Close behind her came Jude 's father yelling out for Jude to run .
tr	10	he asked as he finished laying out the blanket .
tr	11	The sailors looked at each other in amazement : " What happened back there ? "
tr	6	The lather of the slightly perfumed shaving soap was rich and smooth and gave his skin a glowing appearance .
tr	6	" Me old bones are so tired , Ant , " he whined in a phoney Cockney accent .
tr	10	She lowered her head , " Sorry , I am glad you care .
tr	7	" Are you thirsty , Lady Adele ? "
tr	9	' You 're going to torture him ? '
tr	10	Nathan had expected a lot of questions and some ranting , but Anderson was cool and supportive .
tr	6	' In that respect at least , you resemble your mother . '
tr	10	It wouldn 't be long before it got to the ships .
tr	11	He decided to head to the top of the northward pass .
tr	9	Never one to miss an opportunity for a witty remark , Camden was quick to answer .
tr	10	asked Sarah , feeling very daft for not knowing .
tr	7	I dove in after him , hit the floor , rolled and rose to my feet .
tr	10	The emitter timer sounds at almost the same instant his calculations are complete .
tr	9	A tormented scream echo 's throughout the swamp as Rift falls to his knees in pain .
tr	10	He unwrapped a stick and rolled it into a ball before putting it into his mouth .
tr	8	Amy melted into his embrace , molding herself to him .
tr	6	With short , jerky movements he rubbed a cloth over his knife .
tr	9	He kissed her before he jumped out of bed .
tr	9	Hopefully attract a lady friend , but appear devilishly indifferent to all inquires , at least at first . "
tr	8	His wife stood behind him , her small features flitting unhappily between smile and frown .
tr	9	Harris told you it was an earthquake and not a bomb .
tr	9	She had to warn Amanda off before she drove into the gathering shit storm .
tr	6	Colin saw Kyle again , this time carrying a box and shouting over his shoulder , " How much more ? "
tr	10	They raced with power the likes of which Mirai had never completely understood .
tr	11	Because that 's what felt like just happened .
tr	7	The grass parted behind us , and we wheeled about .
tr	6	God is there , with Alejo .
tr	8	" You could have come back to us . "
tr	7	Missy just nodded and kept her feelings to herself .
tr	10	She flicked through the leaflets , smiling at the names of the various tour options .
tr	8	While working , he 'd been running the scene over and over in his mind .
tr	7	Further explosions rocked the foundations of the building .
tr	7	Pulling through the gates she stopped the car , the gates quietly closing behind them automatically .
tr	7	I reached for the mike , Connie shouted , " GEORGE DON 'T . "
tr	9	As abruptly as it began , Elaina 's presence in his head cut off .
tr	5	" Sorry , sergeant , didn " t catch that last bit ! "
tr	8	All I wanted was to study your genetic material . '
tr	7	" They agree with you , " Alejo scowled at the little gray phone .
tr	5	" She is ready , sir ! "
tr	10	He was standing in the open , an easy target for anyone on the roof .
tr	11	You 've made me question everything in my life .
tr	7	Combat installations such as troop barracks , armored vehicle parks and aircraft landing zones were considered priority targets .
tr	9	Speed Mach 19.5 , altitude 300,000 feet , computer says we are flying straight and level . "
tr	6	" What do you want , Rand ?
tr	8	" Was he mad at Aimee too ? "
tr	6	By the way , only my mother calls me ' Sarah ' . "
tr	7	I will wait for you , love you . "
tr	9	Get me a sleigh and a case of Freak Out Energy Drink . "
tr	7	The pay was poor and the wine was sour , and I don 't like black men .
tr	9	" But please , just tell me where I am . "
tr	9	" If you want I can take you to see my work ? "
tr	11	I 'll keep it running while I show you . "
tr	8	You have to be kidding .
tr	11	' These look like they 'd get turned away from McDonalds . '
tr	10	If Fuchs captures you , he will torture and rend your body until you give him our location here .
tr	11	That evening they decided to go to a local restaurant for a relaxing dinner .
tr	11	Of course , Sarah wasn 't sure how much was true and how much was him simply staying in character .
tr	7	She had nearly forgotten about his existence .
tr	11	His mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
tr	8	Puzzled , Miriam replied , " At midnight , every night .
tr	10	Picking a warship near the rear of the group , Dagger sweeps around it 's aft .
tr	10	Her greatest protection , she realized as she approached them , was their arrogance .
tr	9	" You do not think Lord Rafe will mind ? "
tr	7	Lacroix stormed out of the passage beyond and marched up to the Austrian officer .
tr	10	His plan was taking the course he had laid .
tr	8	Brand said as they ran in .
tr	5	" Yes , but I don 't , " came his quick response .
tr	9	" I will tell you when the time is right .
tr	8	and VIN watched as his side thruster point downwards again .
tr	6	" He rules with his brothers ? "
tr	10	I couldn 't help thinking how friendly Missile was .
tr	7	Afterwards she looked at her remaining change and decided on another Greater London number .
tr	10	You are ten times more controlled than I was at your age .
tr	7	Mason took another sip of his tea .
tr	11	But if a man must live in the war camps of women , he can expect such things . "
tr	5	The Cottage , the Coin , the Pen , and the Shapes III .
tr	10	Not only were there large pallets of 5.56 rifle ammunition , there was 7.62 and .50 caliber machine gun ammunition .
tr	10	He doesn 't sound like a man backed into a corner .
tr	8	Memories of their time on the observatory platform shouldered their way into her mind .
tr	11	Woodpecker decided to visit Birds Colony Headquarters , just to show he was back .
tr	10	" I think I left it in my desk in the study , " he replied .
tr	8	" Nah , just make them all meet at the same place . "
tr	11	Everything looked abandoned , here , and there were boats sunk or in various stages of decay .
tr	8	The longer he sat in the sun , the worse his chances got .
tr	5	" And Elian Stump and Grandfather Time , sir ? "
tr	6	" Please select a combat maneuver , " Warrior requests impatiently .
tr	11	Alejo typed , " Don 't you want to talk on the phone ?
tr	9	" How can you tell whether there were riders or not ? "
tr	11	It had been a rare gift to have awakened first .
tr	10	She sensed him wanting to tell another story .
tr	10	It was only a small bag of rotten fish skin that he had hidden on his person .
tr	10	Sir , the patrol may have been caught in the blast , " the officer reports fearfully .
tr	9	It had to fit into something .
tr	9	' I can 't wait to hear it .
tr	11	" What if I don 't want to listen ? "
tr	7	He pulled into the clearing and rolled to the waiting operating wagon .
tr	10	" 007 detected a low-level radio signal communicating on a secure connection within the briefcase .
tr	9	He fought the urge to scout his surroundings .
tr	7	Her sleepy voice was pleasantly husky , and her eye lashes fluttered sleepily over large eyes .
tr	11	The earth appeared , a view he recognized as an infrared picture from a satellite .
tr	9	It rang out like a bell , echoing , reverberating to her very core .
tr	9	I thought about Dad 's plans to include a well-known businessman after the Louvre disaster .
tr	8	You are not coming to shopping but you 're going out with a psychopath ?
tr	8	The others moved off to adjust the perimeter , as instructed .
tr	6	~ C.S. Lewis , A Grief Observed ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Anne stared at the ringing phone .
tr	6	asked Rafe 's sleepy voice .
tr	11	Until they were allowed to return home .
tr	7	" We don 't play , we work , " she said , her hand muffling her speech .
tr	10	I wished I could wait with them .
tr	6	In the process she learned many secrets , some very interesting , and some not very nice .
tr	9	Jake continued to stare at Celeste .
tr	8	Having done his good deed for the day , Andy turned and went back through the gate .
tr	8	Then he said , " You and Janet aren 't great outdoors folks , but you 're bright people .
tr	6	" All right , good idea , I 'll do that , right now . "
tr	8	For this reason he would not leave , but had to fight .
tr	5	Finally , the lone hunter came down the vine .
tr	7	Reid 's eyes narrowed and his gaze shifted from Bruno to me .
tr	10	The Thursday before Labor Day weekend , Chris finished his chores early so he could go out and enjoy the day .
tr	10	" Let me tell you how it is Mrs. Mason .
tr	9	She had placed the pistol in her mouth and pulled the trigger .
tr	6	... ... 50 ... ... ... ... 51 , and ever so slowly 52,000 feet .
tr	6	For him , with all the different noises , smells , and creatures , it was probably overwhelming .
tr	6	" And man , those sheep are dirty . "
tr	11	" Want to come riding with us ?
tr	7	She said it with a laugh , but I held up my hand .
tr	10	It was the chest that contained Lord Rafe 's letters .
tr	10	" Miss Miriam is in her own bedchamber , down the hall from her father 's room . "
tr	6	" Why the long face , Farmer ? "
tr	5	In six quick bites he ate the remaining pastries .
tr	9	" It 's a doorway -- another bit left over from the old times . "
tr	6	In the center remained the large tent of her father 's , with her little tent beside it .
tr	6	Mia never mentioned her friends , and she barely mentioned her family .
tr	7	Georgi took all the money in the house and left , never looking back .
tr	8	The Bastian noble scowled in the face of our stares .
tr	9	The mist whirled into shapes and lines , thickening to almost perfect whiteness .
tr	9	It took a moment for a light to dawn inside Chris 's head .
tr	10	Hank hoped that this was one of those occasions .
tr	5	A tornado , a volcano , a tsunami , and a hurricane took up the cover .
tr	9	I know it is wrong but I cannot help myself .
tr	9	She looked for the spirits of her forebears but she couldn 't see them .
tr	7	" So it 's love , " Sydney said into my head and I flinched at her voice .
tr	8	" And I thought you have some manners . "
tr	10	I 'm glad that you came with me . "
tr	9	Cut out of the newspaper with scissors , it spanned two pages .
tr	11	He noticed for the first time that he was dressed in hospital scrubs and not his normal clothes .
tr	8	She did not hear anything else around her .
tr	9	There is little that escapes his eyes and his thoughts .
tr	8	His face is taunt with rage , and that 's how I win .
tr	9	Where everyone wants to go .
tr	11	" I think that 's going a bit far , " said Jane .
tr	11	Seconds dragged by as they peered into each other 's souls .
tr	10	" Alright kid , hand it over , " Navi insists , seeing where the confrontation is going .
tr	9	Twenty feet away , she saw that Kurt was having his own issues .
tr	6	The Captain warned me today for the final time .
tr	6	" Bob , you 're right , " he agreed .
tr	10	" You need someone , an organization actually , in charge of investigating such incidents and claims .
tr	7	Mr. Jones will be the chief shuttle pilot , and Ms. Sinclair his copilot for the first test .
tr	8	" It 's a playground for hackers , " said Toby , spreading his hands and shaking his head .
tr	10	We were hoping that you had sent another hunting party out . "
tr	7	However , under the malign influence of the pole star , the watcher falls asleep .
tr	9	The guide book had waxed lyrical about the beauty of the Queen Charlotte Sound .
tr	7	# # # About the Author M.M. Brownlow is an elementary school teacher .
tr	7	The candles flickered giving the whole scene a macabre look .
tr	7	They still stained the tops of arched windows and doors with sooty fingers .
tr	8	" Um , well ... " " Oh , " she said , almost embarrassed , " you and Abby ? "
tr	7	The properties of this focused energy are defined by its vibration or frequency .
tr	11	His only hope was that there was distance enough between him and them .
tr	10	" I might not be able to protect you .
tr	8	Dr. Ortega came in while you were sleeping .
tr	9	She had to keep moving .
tr	11	Now I took you on , knowing there would be risks .
tr	9	I suppose you might as well come in . "
tr	7	Nathan expected shouting and confusion and maybe fighting ... but nothing .
tr	8	She appeared to be fine .
tr	7	Tate smiled , nodding understanding .
tr	8	Highlanders rushed to take up covered positions as the engines grew louder .
tr	8	" You better knock it off before I get really mad ! "
tr	5	Then very softly , with a radiant smile , he said , " Amen . "
tr	11	It was all I was capable of offering .
tr	6	She flinched in pain , sniffing .
tr	10	He spouted , outraged as he climbed into bed .
tr	7	You and your friend may wine , dine and sleep at my pleasure . '
tr	10	' That still doesn 't change the fact that you 're a jackass , ' said Reid .
tr	7	Her hands slowly lifted to each side and she inclined her head .
tr	9	And be careful , everyone , we don 't want to go over that cliff . "
tr	10	Bobcat had to be involved in that .
tr	8	When he did , he saw the two coins sitting there and picked them up .
tr	8	Adele was his bride and her life was also in the balance , therefore he must trust her .
tr	11	That was like praying for rain in a tunnel .
tr	10	Of course he had known it was me the whole time -- - what a disaster .
tr	5	" You are not a pirate ? "
tr	6	" Finally , we found it , " he breathes with a smile .
tr	8	This will soothe the pain inside of me .
tr	7	Turning back to his pump , he swiped his credit card and stabbed the nozzle into his tank .
tr	11	Nathan found the sight was making him physically nauseous , and he had to turn away .
tr	7	Then he amazingly heard a clear voice out of the din .
tr	7	Lance swings his tail about , but Warrior leaps up and out of the way .
tr	7	He turned to Mike , raised his eyebrows and stared him in the eyes .
tr	5	" Well , well , yes , of course , you 're welcome . "
tr	7	Yes , Lumina was perfect -- - minus the whole hardcore religion thing .
tr	7	" It 's the 2nd of April 2056 . "
tr	10	We 'd lost our share , but it was the British that suffered the most .
tr	7	" What set the dumb animals off , anyway ? "
tr	9	Every other passenger was carrying several bags of luggage and wearing casual clothes .
tr	9	" What you wanted to talk about , Laurence ? "
tr	6	Even after almost a year , the title still sounded so foreign and so natural at the same time .
tr	6	His eyes turned back to its usual shade , striking and cold .
tr	6	" And you met the page too , I suppose ? "
tr	9	He felt clumsy , having exposed his feelings to his Mouse friend .
tr	8	" I 'll talk to Anderson , " said Nathan .
tr	9	Simon stated , still sounding more confident than he felt .
tr	8	Ten lashes because he answered a few questions !
tr	11	You 'll have to turn ' em around .
tr	9	Mia kept laying there without moving .
tr	6	Suddenly an umbrella and a huge jacket covers my body , Blake carries me to the car .
tr	7	A smaller , shimmering reptilian head , the edges of the wall fitted close round its neck like a collar .
tr	11	* " We only asked about George Mudd , " said David laughing as they drove back to Hereford .
tr	9	He stepped away from the screen to watch with the engineer .
tr	8	That had to be the answer .
tr	6	Two separate worlds ; the Undine of The Deep and the Wolves of The Dry .
tr	5	Brand gave his lute a few test strums .
tr	8	The exit finally appeared in a flood of daylight at the other end .
tr	6	However , that bit about the giant , enchanted ninja wombat was totally made up .
tr	10	He made sure one more time that the fuel selector was in its correct position and pressed the start button .
tr	8	" Their current vector presumes a braking evolution on our part , " the young officer continued .
tr	7	Go up , calm down , rest and we will talk tomorrow . "
tr	10	Don 't do anything you may regret . "
tr	7	A few weeks after the inauguration , a Bird seeker from Woodpecker 's old country came to visit .
tr	6	She 's slow , but seems reliable .
tr	10	Her body stung , but it felt good to be clean again .
tr	8	The two new companions waited at the bottom of the wood pile .
tr	10	That would hurt but I reckoned she 'd soon get over it .
tr	5	" But , in that case , of what use are your recordings ? "
tr	5	Of course my hair was darker way back then . "
tr	11	She froze , staring out the window as the danger became apparent .
tr	8	Even though she hit him a couple times , he didn 't slow down and he didn 't turn around .
tr	11	" That I went behind her back and made it look like I was on the date for other reasons .
tr	7	At least five of Jim 's men were already wounded .
tr	6	" Do southern gods often find their way here ? "
tr	8	To do anything else would look foolish .
tr	5	Ivy Pierce , Ryder Sutton and his lovely girlfriend Kenna Lee , " Chase offered politely .
tr	10	He wanted to inflict as much damage as he could , either mentally or physically .
tr	9	I , for one , could see where the man 's story headed .
tr	5	" After you , my ... Iseo , " he said .
tr	6	There are only ten pirates .
tr	8	Willie has outdone himself organizing this party . "
tr	10	The pedestrian door 's lock was nothing that couldn 't be picked .
tr	10	And now I show up , a Muslim , a criminal , who has ruined their lives .
tr	5	The next item answered that question .
tr	7	The door opened on a naked girl , no older , maybe even younger than the redhead .
tr	7	Gabriel and Stalin were pulling Alejo onto a gray wool blanket .
tr	10	That 's when the audience began cheering , " GO !
tr	9	She regarded him with a baleful stare , as though cursing him for his rudeness .
tr	9	His skin was cut in dozens of places from broken glass .
tr	8	Their first raid and he had made a bollocks of it .
tr	5	' Where 's the central command room ? '
tr	8	You remember the one called Night Walker ?
tr	6	Roberto , you cannot flog this woman !
tr	6	Jessica rolled her eyes , " Oh , please !
tr	10	Herb was regular Navy and wore the uniform , which was a definite asset .
tr	6	" Yes , " she said , " I am not your orthodox female . "
tr	10	The women chatted getting to know each other .
tr	8	One by one each person crumbled up his or her empty newspaper cone and tossed it into the bonfire .
tr	8	The breeze stirred Miriam 's curls , but not one hair on the governess ' head was out of place .
tr	9	I 'm studying the medicine , same as my mom .
tr	7	When cake was already cool , they left the living room , but left the music playing .
tr	6	The man still did not notice him .
tr	9	Without taking time to recover it proceeded to attack alongside the others .
tr	6	David and Jennie listened to the recording for the tenth time .
tr	8	I abandoned any chance of anonymity and sprinted .
tr	7	However , during one of these episodes , she uttered the words ' Consul ' and ' Traitor . '
tr	8	A deputation from the University , led by Dr. Waldron and Professor Bamford went to see the Coroner .
tr	10	She wanted to do that on the dammed step .
tr	8	Lisa demands angrily while tossing the cup and foul liquid aside .
tr	7	" He was a very private person , " seemed to be the most common description of the former reporter .
tr	9	He settled into the back of the crowd , cool and composed .
tr	10	Orders were shouted and the whole group got into a loose formation anybody in the military would remember .
tr	8	I have to admit , I nearly gave myself away the second time . '
tr	8	" It couldn 't have been earlier , " Abby declared , causing a groan from the others .
tr	8	My path wound through the fields and lonely hills until it reached New Orleans .
tr	8	At the end of the alley , Ted made a left turn in the direction of the highway .
tr	9	He was trying to sound confident .
tr	10	Firstly we don 't pick her up , take copies of the photos and replace them immediately where they were found .
tr	7	When after a moment he did speak , his eyes never left the wreck .
tr	9	I always heard of your deaths at the hands of the Hunters , ' Godard replied with a grimace .
tr	5	After a short while deliberating , panting and pacing , Kathy 's resolve strengthened .
tr	10	Friendship seems to happen by accident , Hailey thought later .
tr	5	A large , expensive white vanity table took up the opposite corner .
tr	11	Make sure you get a receipt and bring an invoice to the Borderline tomorrow . '
tr	9	The bullet went through his hand and through his head before he could say a word .
tr	8	His eyes , points of pain locking onto mine ; that bead of water rolling down his neck .
tr	9	I turned onto streets at random , dashing through crowds and around horse carts .
tr	11	I see flames under the left wing so I start screaming at Dane .
tr	11	He had to remember to keep control .
tr	5	The hovercraft vanishes , five seconds pass , and then about twenty parachutes simultaneously explode .
tr	11	Do you know what it means ? "
tr	6	" It 's not one sided , I just have my hands full up here at the moment . "
tr	10	He stopped and looked up at her : " Who are you again ? "
tr	11	I knew that I would end up needing them .
tr	8	He briefly considered telling her more .
tr	8	Finally , I found him along the portside rail of our vessel .
tr	9	You know his feelings for you ; he can 't lie about them or make them up .
tr	10	He stood there wondering what had happened ... .
tr	7	" I cannot stress it enough .
tr	7	But it was all in fun .
tr	5	What 'd you make ? "
tr	10	Lucy cried , continuing to stamp about .
tr	10	" It was Mrs. Mason that gave me the job , " she said quietly .
tr	8	Atticus looked over at me a bit panicked .
tr	7	And then a stupid looking boy sheepishly walked across the space and sat next to the skinny woman .
tr	8	" You only know part of it , " said Jen smiling , " let 's go meet our sister . "
tr	9	" That would be Tim Farmer over there , " Taylor pointed him out .
tr	7	Workers and students were out of work , out of bread , and out of patience .
tr	11	We know you 've been making things rather ' hot ' in Sleaford . "
tr	5	" Yeah , just me and my fellow prisoner , " Donny said .
tr	9	Tears began to trickle down her cheeks even as she snarled at her captors .
tr	6	' Someone wrote a letter to him , Toby , to my house .
tr	10	They had never before been forced to make such a crucial decision .
tr	7	Do you hear me ? "
tr	9	Gon na date these contracts to expire in a hundred and twenty days .
tr	6	" Hail , Thracian , " she said , her voice soft and delicate .
tr	8	" No , " said the big man , " but he was born after my time . "
tr	5	" Oh , Kitty Kat , this whole thing is just so dreadful .
tr	5	Instead , four days in , the excruciating pain and scary bleeding had started .
tr	9	The adversities they would face along the way were equally unknown .
tr	9	Jimmy noticed Josie was watching Mark closely .
tr	6	Slowly , surprisingly , she gave him a sly smile and took a step back .
tr	10	" There is only one book I am truly concerned about .
tr	5	The simple answer is , ' Yes ! '
tr	6	" Who are you , Señor ? "
tr	5	Templar miniseries Haliburton , Robert Grant : ( Terrestrial ) Anthropologist , Canadian writer , lawyer .
tr	9	' He couldn 't do anything even if he wanted to .
tr	8	Loud and with great authority , he repeated his simple command over and over as he rode up the line .
tr	9	I rose unsteadily to my feet and stared at the impenetrable barrier with a sinking feeling .
tr	9	I thought he 'd never shut up .
tr	8	After we settled in , he walked the estate over the next two days , and I showed him the inheritance .
tr	11	He understood how meaningful that casually spoken sentence was to her .
tr	9	' Thank you for staying with the cause .
tr	7	" No , I 'm not in the navy , I 'm a blogger for a natural health website . "
tr	7	The stranger snapped a hand up , almost not looking and caught the punch .
tr	7	" He is my friend , " I said , " and the act would serve no ultimate purpose .
tr	10	No doubt he 'd have me thrown into a padded cell so fast my head would spin .
tr	9	Black Scorpion and Raven had heard the fight and were quickly in pursuit of Wolf Eyes .
tr	11	" In my homeland , we decorate the pillars and make them pleasing to the eye with flutes and carvings .
tr	8	Come in and have coffee with us .
tr	9	As the light from their communications laser travels to its destination , it spreads out .
tr	5	" Oh , not a dog , I hope . "
tr	11	Melody had never spent this much time in the open since she 'd been in town .
tr	8	The more I thought about it , the more likely it seemed .
tr	9	" They 're going to be the bait . "
tr	10	I 'm sure this whole asteroid could be a traveling platinum mine .
tr	8	The broken hand of two-year old Jamila was what Ishmael Khan fought for .
tr	6	" It certainly didn 't hurt , " he said simply .
tr	8	He looks so happy , don 't you think ? "
tr	9	In a blur , she yanked the door the rest of the way open and stepped onto the porch .
tr	6	We sped onto congested Blanding Boulevard , horns blaring and tires squealing .
tr	10	Barbara sounded desperate to visit her in London .
tr	9	By the time Ariel had her next dead shot no water came out .
tr	11	Let me know if you need any help .
tr	7	At our glances , his eyes opened wider , and he sat up in his seat .
tr	9	More fumbling was followed by the blissful cessation of noise , as the girl located her phone .
tr	8	To the casual observer or a security crawler for that matter they would appear as just more background static .
tr	7	He exhaled loudly and looked encouraging to the others .
tr	7	I can 't understand the expression on his face .
tr	5	" My sweet , sweet Dagmar , " he said softly , seductively .
tr	7	One of the guys knew me and got the bodies out of my way .
tr	11	" Protocol says we keep it locked in until nightfall .
tr	6	Yes , " she said , but her upward motion froze and she flung herself backward .
tr	9	You 've no idea how proud she makes her family . "
tr	8	" I guess you 're right .
tr	5	Could a friend help a guy out ?
tr	9	should have let you try .
tr	9	So few choices eventually benefit all who are involved .
tr	6	Occasionally , an upside-down glimpse of his face came into view .
tr	7	She targeted you , " said the man with the deep set eyes , coming up behind me .
tr	9	You had gained what you ask for . "
tr	10	Claire comforted the child as best she could , then helped her get dressed for the day .
tr	5	" Easy , girl , " the vampire 's deep voice intoned .
tr	7	If there is lava shouldn 't there be a big volcano ? "
tr	11	He realized that was exactly what God had done .
tr	6	Just look at you ! "
tr	10	I thought you had fallen asleep .
tr	10	" And he 's taken Andy with him , hasn 't he ? "
tr	10	The clone process is not going to happen in that basement lab .
tr	11	Tried to make out like he was our prisoner , though we didn 't treat him like one .
tr	9	Our friends can provide a most painful death to people like you .
tr	11	Linc wants to know why you 're here . "
tr	6	" No , leave it , just in case it was a guess .
tr	6	For that matter , how did you make the stew last night ? "
tr	10	She had to have heard wrong .
tr	10	She was dressed in a more modest sleeveless jacket in place of the mesh tee-shirt the men wore .
tr	9	Oh how sorry he felt for this innocent child .
tr	8	That incident cost me at least another year before the commander left , and I was finally promoted to major . "
tr	8	I used to be beautiful !
tr	8	" Hello Duke , " he said with a slight edge of tension in his voice .
tr	6	The second floor had four bedrooms , a kitchen , living , dining , and game rooms .
tr	7	This here , the grueling research , this is where the real breaks come .
tr	9	Except for keeping Zoe happy .
tr	8	Dervish fighting against Dervish , and over what ?
tr	10	They were conducting a sneak attack on the dam either to take it or possibly even destroy it .
tr	8	You keep telling yourself that .
tr	6	And I set out my arguments in great detail on this point . "
tr	11	It was hard to clean off mud while standing in it .
tr	7	" I don 't have an acceptable answer to that my Laird .
tr	5	" Well , how about this , then , " I said .
tr	9	Brand sipped down the bitter drink with equal bitterness as he thought of Hilda .
tr	7	" So one night , " she mumbled , " I had too much to drink . "
tr	11	It had pressurized gas that worked like an anesthetic .
tr	6	" It 's the High Priest , " the ugly man whispered hoarsely to Andy .
tr	10	replied Beppe , unsure if his nose was betraying him .
tr	7	" You could be hurt or something horrible happen to you . "
tr	11	Eva came next , and the look Kurt gave her was enough for me to growl .
tr	6	Inside he found a small figurine , half shining silver and half polished jade .
tr	8	I was joined by Reid and the two Bastian immortals .
tr	6	Her smooth reply answered both his question and his thoughts .
tr	6	Pedro chuckled and left them .
tr	7	The thought plagued me but didn 't stop me .
tr	7	I walked around the glass walkway to the ' senior staff quarters ' .
tr	6	-------------------- Now where were we ?
tr	11	You were cremated and scattered because no cemetery in the world wants you drawing vandals and protesters .
tr	9	" Brought to Shelter Tribe , the assassin of her Wolf . "
tr	11	" You can 't scan this and determine what 's inside can you ?
tr	10	I could have lived without knowing that .
tr	10	Ben coughed but no-one even turned to look in their direction .
tr	6	" My darlings need an ample space , " the hooded figure said .
tr	9	The leap from her horizontal , reclined position was instantaneous and brought her on top of Atlas in a split second .
tr	8	I attend several of the expeditions , but usually found a quiet corner to hide and wait .
tr	5	" Ghosts , " Harald said , and then laughed .
tr	6	" He wanted a tall tough female , not a small skinny sissy thing .
tr	9	I used to believe in honor .
tr	11	Indeed , there were no windows to let in the sun 's light .
tr	9	He knew where to go and led us through the unfamiliar spaces .
tr	5	They were all fit , tall , impeccably groomed , undeniably handsome .
tr	10	The neighbour swept her gaze round the cabin one more time and then went out .
tr	6	As Eva said , they 'd been apparently very close .
tr	8	Your mission goes beyond us here , beyond the members of your unit .
tr	11	It was something Auron would have thought of .
tr	10	Thomas coughed as he tried to swallow .
tr	6	" Then , I 'd not have a soul mate , ever . "
tr	9	He nodded as my body swung closer to his .
tr	10	They stood in the kitchen , the hackles on their backs rising , slow menacing growls emanating from them .
tr	11	He held up his arms as if to protect the plants behind him .
tr	7	A positive ID - then the blanket fell to the ground .
tr	8	Neil staggered to his feet and almost fell again , but the skinny arm wound around his waist and supported him .
tr	10	" And that 's how we 'll get you past the checkpoint .
tr	9	When they reached a point near the overlook , Neela signed they should dismount .
tr	9	She was hit on one of her shoulders and bleed .
tr	8	" I was talking to David this morning , he 's back in Ledbury now .
tr	8	Maddy sat smiling at Edwin .
tr	8	A rapid series of devastating punches and kicks leaves the relentless young man barely clinging to consciousness .
tr	7	The voices died away , followed by a few electronic beeps .
tr	7	" What could be amiss ? "
tr	11	Kevin looked absurdly pleased that he was being recognized for his analysis .
tr	11	Expecting the entire tower to begin collapsing , the boy is pleasantly surprised as he turns to make his exit .
tr	8	Major Susan Rivera stared down at the enthusiastically blinking and austere grey console board .
tr	8	They will be gnawing his bones before morning . "
tr	10	I held my breath , waiting for her to turn .
tr	8	From that dungeon , somehow , she managed to escape , and dragged herself into the catacombs .
tr	7	" Except it 's less than 50 miles from the Target site . "
tr	7	" Guess it 's something bad . "
tr	8	Raphael having taken the double coach seat on the other side motioned Danny to join her .
tr	9	" So it was constructed to kill me , specifically ? "
tr	8	She then walked quickly to the back the counter and out the back exit , turned right and disappeared .
tr	6	' It 's still not complete ' Greg said ' but we 're nearly there .
tr	9	Gabriel had called and told him it was time .
tr	7	I grabbed a hunk of cake .
tr	9	The big cargo doors made entry and exit of Taylor 's plane very comfortable .
tr	10	He wanted to run away , to escape the madness happening around him .
tr	11	" I would have done anything to help you then , but you never asked !
tr	9	Kaylie obeyed , and her meal was ready , with hot sauce packets , just like she liked .
tr	6	As she spoke , her eyes looked beyond me , through my skin , through the wall .
tr	11	" Did you see those steaks he left ?
tr	9	I thought you would see it .
tr	7	Atlas hesitated just outside the door to the target 's room .
tr	11	We needn 't kill them , just ensure they don 't cause any trouble .
tr	9	I 'm not being coy about Michael , there 's nothing to say .
tr	11	" Oh , where was I when I left off ? "
tr	5	" Young man , are you a deserter ? "
tr	6	" Well , this book definitely counts as fascinating , " I explained , " although not necessarily cheerful .
tr	10	" I wouldn 't know where to start , " she admits .
tr	10	We 'd soon be without guards loyal to the real king .
tr	10	It was starting to make Thomas nervous .
tr	11	Sebastian was curious what Julian would think about Anna .
tr	7	No one else to blame anymore , now that didn 't sound right at all .
tr	11	" How sure are you that any precious metals will be brought back to Earth ? "
tr	11	" What 's to be done with him after this ?
tr	8	Another goods vehicle turned in , also pausing at the barrier .
tr	9	His voice sounded hoarse and muffled -- as if he 'd been crying .
tr	11	He shouts , not understanding why Mai isn 't helping him .
tr	6	' This is a lotta cake , ' he stated dully .
tr	6	He shook his head and then sat up straighter .
tr	8	The severe black dress stood out in stark contrast to her pale skin , made paler than usual from blood loss .
tr	8	Nice to meet you . '
tr	6	The doctors ' subsequent prognosis was grim , no more than a month .
tr	11	Remember the fun we used to have ? "
tr	11	But the wizards wove a spell that kept them in the forest and they came not into the plain .
tr	10	She 'd never been good at offering her sympathies .
tr	9	Anyone caught engaging in such activity will be fined heavily . "
tr	8	Alejo was relieved that they all nodded .
tr	8	" Not yet , you think it 's time to ask ? "
tr	8	Dad didn 't know the half of it .
tr	10	" I 'm pretty sure we all know why . "
tr	8	Was that muffled footsteps I heard ?
tr	11	They were all in need of time for healing .
tr	11	Anything that suggests they were targeted ? "
tr	9	The words were out before she could stop them .
tr	5	In the crystal clear water , turquoise and dark blue spots follow one another .
tr	8	Individual houses crop up every couple of miles or so .
tr	10	joked Tino , who was most likely the chef .
tr	9	That was the insolent grin of the victor on any other man .
tr	10	I thought she was safe with Tuck and Kyle .
tr	8	I know you care -- it 's just not fair .
tr	7	" Sir , we can handle these soldiers , " Red says with contempt .
tr	11	She saw a dainty hand twisted the gem and the vision vanished in nothing .
tr	6	But then , Chris couldn 't really blame him .
tr	8	Jack saw her notice and said , " Want one ? "
tr	5	" Two teenage girls , one ugly rivalry , and most importantly , one shared bathroom ? "
tr	8	" Then best be gettin ' dressed now , ya hear ? "
tr	6	She had an idea and we went outside .
tr	6	In the shower she thought about him .
tr	10	asked Napoleon in confusion , " And why does he have the fiddle ? "
tr	8	" I hope you have a nice day . "
tr	6	Bad Cabbage immediately fell prey to obsession , forbidden love , passion , lust , desire , etc. .
tr	5	" I 'm fine . "
tr	11	I have absolutely no idea how to respond to this .
tr	10	There was something about her that made me different .
tr	11	He knew nothing about what he was to do , or even who precisely he was serving .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " he said .
tr	10	He looked up and saw the clouds converging on a spot not too far ahead of them .
tr	5	In the firelight , the little children 's eyes grew wide .
tr	11	You can find me at the camp when you are done with your frolicking . "
tr	10	Lynn had no other option than to leave Tek and keep walking .
tr	10	Claire flushed as she grabbed Josh 's knee instead of the gear stick for the second time .
tr	9	He 'd wake me up at odd hours of the night .
tr	11	It was time to go to work .
tr	9	" Well I 'll admit that it is certainly strange .
tr	9	Such foolish flights of fancy were not helpful , nor were they something he usually indulged in .
tr	9	He moved to the cabinets along the wall and started searching through them .
tr	11	" If you get them to send the change before you leave Finland .
tr	10	" They 've won every challenge they 've ever made .
tr	6	It happens all the time , " the boy said and picked up his books .
tr	10	I don 't really want to know , but in a small voice I ask , " What happened ?
tr	11	Bradley wished John did not talk about this at all .
tr	5	" I mean , even Twelve had a black market , right ? "
tr	10	Surely Eda was right and that those on their trail needed rest also .
tr	8	Other garden inhabitants heard the commotion and stopped to watch .
tr	8	I just came from that really cool restaurant , Villa Bella .
tr	5	After a moment , the girl muttered , " Sorry . "
tr	8	I thought you were crazy .
tr	6	" Get yer arse back up here boy , " it said .
tr	9	Shock found his rifle and began wiping the debris from it .
tr	8	The temperature is dropping quickly as evening sets in .
tr	5	Does this exercise have any practical merit ? "
tr	8	" First you eat , then you sleep some more and then we 'll talk about everything .
tr	10	I urge all reporters to investigate every scrap of information provided by the UN .
tr	7	They all came back with sad , disappointed faces .
tr	7	There will be war dances and ceremonies , and then they will destroy the Yellow Leafs .
tr	7	For some time after , years in fact , Margaret had cared for George through his depression .
tr	10	I remembered what it was to live .
tr	6	Timothy nods at the men , and says , " Good Morning . "
tr	10	We bred them to be superior and with it comes a little competition .
tr	5	" But the death of Aaron is a terrible , terrible thing !
tr	5	" Good morning , " the older man said warmly .
tr	11	They walked back to where the fight had taken place .
tr	7	' Yeah , I get that a lot , ' I muttered .
tr	8	One of Reid 's bullets had pierced the petrol tank of the first 4x4 .
tr	9	It only took one bad whisking to break a mind , and the caster never knew when it was coming .
tr	10	Everyone was there except for the face that she longed to see .
tr	8	At last count , there were fewer than a hundred of them left in the wild . "
tr	8	On the contrary , the man walked around the table and stood over Ward 's chair .
tr	7	Again , the command did nothing , and the man in black attacked once more .
tr	6	' I 'll be more prepared next time . '
tr	10	I thought it was a late night by now , " said Bradley .
tr	10	Do you believe me blind Celestino ? "
tr	5	Five minutes later , she handed him a short inventory .
tr	8	The old door grinds open slowly , and a dim light is cast into the bleak setting .
tr	11	I didn 't want to hear those footsteps coming closer and closer .
tr	10	Ted was amazed at how heavy a roll-up garage door could be .
tr	10	More and more often he worried that he was losing his mind .
tr	11	The serious tone made her glance towards him , trying to see his expression in the dark .
tr	9	" This is , " he replied , trying to smile but failing halfway through .
tr	5	Elderly women , Western business types , wealthy families , clerks , school children , and sailors .
tr	11	Then they refused to tell me which hospital he was in .
tr	10	She picked up the phone , already dialing Mason 's number as Jack walked away .
tr	7	* * * By the time Calvin arrived on Chingford Mount Road most businesses had closed for the day .
tr	6	Chapter One I woke up in a dark alley behind a building .
tr	9	Kevin stayed for the duration of the funeral but did not follow the procession to the cemetery .
tr	9	I am an expert on the document in question , after all . "
tr	5	" Not bloody likely , " Simon said .
tr	9	He leads the band but leaves the confrontation for Calvin to sort out . '
tr	7	Stalin 's tone was not cautious at all .
tr	11	" Thanks guys , but I 've got to go with her , ok ?
tr	9	George 's voice had changed to one of authority and command .
tr	10	I don 't think we should use it . "
tr	6	" Come on , we can 't just stay here ! "
tr	8	He pointed directly into the vegetation with his cane .
tr	6	The girls called it ' the theater . '
tr	7	You 're not going anywhere ; the average speed is twenty miles an hour .
tr	9	He was the largest winged creature they had ever seen !
tr	9	I 'm just really careful with refrigerators and stay out from under beds as much as possible . "
tr	7	A few moments later the door opened again and the one-eyed older man from the wall entered .
tr	8	" Let me do this . "
tr	9	" I need to ask something , " she starts , moving closer as Rift steps away from the door .
tr	7	They positioned three fingers above the eye and one under the eye , just above the cheekbone .
tr	11	He decided to go for a walk around the neighborhood .
tr	5	The woman gives me a crooked smile .
tr	6	Gabe rescues me from my thoughts .
tr	9	Dickie slowly became more and more resentful of her success ... ... . .
tr	11	Other expertly placed cameras captured the cars moving slowly into the ancient graveyard .
tr	10	It reminded Claire that she knew little about her new friend 's history .
tr	7	Q-tip , water , smear , write number down , and hand it to Taylor .
tr	9	Brand said as they walked through the silent forest .
tr	6	" Very well , " she absently responds through narrow eyes .
tr	8	As far as you were concerned I didn 't exist .
tr	8	" We want you to have it .
tr	9	' Mate take ze van keys will you ?
tr	7	He reached out his hand and one of his soldiers planted a pistol in it .
tr	6	A moment later , I was down on my knees .
tr	10	The three of them would often walk to the land maintained by Silvio .
tr	8	" I hate drinking tea without milk . "
tr	10	An older man was striding toward him with a serious line drawn on his mouth .
tr	8	" You let me sleep all night ! "
tr	6	I never wanted a damn cell phone in my life , until now . "
tr	8	Give me your cups , and go and do some work for a change .
tr	7	I come up here to cry .
tr	9	Chris walked away from the water and onto the hard packed sand above , then began walking east .
tr	8	To top it off there were no ice cream vendor for hundred miles -- - welcome to my hell .
tr	5	And not a sword , not a weapon obviously belted or sheathed .
tr	8	He stood there , dumbfounded at the sight he saw .
tr	6	The salt air hitting my face , I closed my eyes and took a deep breath .
tr	6	She cracked more seeds , and this time , in two swift consecutive strikes .
tr	10	" Oh , tell Toby I said hello , " William said quietly , looking around the parking lot .
tr	7	" It never was my mother , " she said , " it was always me .
tr	11	It was funny to have a pillow fight after eating .
tr	6	But then suddenly the captain snapped a salute , fist to his chest .
tr	8	This game of hide and seek went on for most of that day .
tr	10	' They 'll be expecting us if they see this one light up . '
tr	8	I saw no signs of the old man or the woman .
tr	7	What are you doing out here on the patio ? "
tr	10	She shook her ponytail , which skimmed just below her shoulders .
tr	6	And all the while the door to the veranda stood gaping and there came the fresh breeze .
tr	7	" Yes but which block ? "
tr	8	Roberto asked instead , and a smug grin appeared on the Falcon 's face .
tr	8	Logan cried out , blood flowing from the wound .
tr	8	The traitor screamed as the guards dragged him off .
tr	6	he once again added " Happy Birthday " and left the apartment .
tr	8	" Here 's my plan and you 'll abide by it , aye ? "
tr	8	In water , he not only wouldn 't ever suffer from fatigue , he could heal any injury in seconds .
tr	8	I 'll let Toby explain , " said William , pointing to the display .
tr	6	" Did you kill him ?
tr	6	" That 's great news , " Derrick says and sighs with relief .
tr	5	" Magma inside , churn , blood fires , burn . "
tr	8	" Yes , almost like a mercenary of the spy world .
tr	10	The realization that it 's okay to dream .
tr	7	I hear the whoosh of air in and out of his lungs .
tr	11	' I discovered that playing chords wrong sometimes sounded better , ' he said .
tr	10	We waved in greeting , but he appeared not to see us and continued into the institute .
tr	7	Most of his original team remained ignorant of the preceding events .
tr	9	The palisade was a high , wall barricade that surrounded the village .
tr	11	A smile blossomed on his face as he realized Kurt 's offer was legitimate .
tr	9	" Were you born there or come from somewhere else ? "
tr	8	" But you have to see it ! "
tr	9	Just do as she says -- I can 't risk losing you .
tr	9	It just wasn 't like Jimmy to be like this .
tr	8	" Because , Logan , you might regret the conversation you 'd have with my mother afterwards . "
tr	8	What if she wrote me off as a total jerk ?
tr	9	He couldn 't really remember the last time he had .
tr	11	But he stuck with it , and took time each day to come to me and speak with me .
tr	8	On the few days that temperatures dropped , particularly below freezing , firewood was as essential as food .
tr	5	" Yes , well , only because I threw him there .
tr	11	" Does that mean you love me ? "
tr	7	In a reptilian fit of rage , Jake tossed the board aside and let out a blood-curdling primal roar .
tr	9	" He walked up about ten minutes ago and just stood there , " said Jim .
tr	5	Soon though , the passing images grew familiar .
tr	10	Bradley waved at Mike to follow him behind the metal boxes and summoned everyone .
tr	10	It soon emerged spotless and Alex held it out to examine .
tr	10	He 'd selected his own underwear and socks , and Josie wondered if he 'd chosen boxers or briefs .
tr	5	' Yeah , tonight was the first time . '
tr	9	The three men behind the yellow cab looked up in surprise but were too slow to react .
tr	7	" It 's a dragon , " he said proudly , " a real live dragon . "
tr	11	" I will be studying two fields at the Air Force Academy if they will allow me to .
tr	8	Jack blurted , spittle flying from his lips in great , boozy globs .
tr	9	But as you see that is all covered on pages three and four of the report . "
tr	11	" Why didn 't you wait for us to come pick you up ? "
tr	6	On my hundred and thirtieth step , my left hand brushes something soft and sticky .
tr	7	" Maybe you need some motivation , " he whispered into my ear , and felt his breath on my neck .
tr	9	But I had to do leave the mainland .
tr	8	" Indeed , how have you repaid Almighty God Himself ?
tr	8	The celebration continued for the rest of the day and night .
tr	10	Lilly Ann scolded him while caressing his hand all the while , " Forget about my underwear for a moment . "
tr	5	Well , gee , thanks , Madame Secretary , she thought .
tr	6	" You are trouble , " he sat down next to me , a little too close for comfort .
tr	11	" I 'm going to keep an eye on them , " she said , squinting ferociously at Neil .
tr	7	There was silence from the headphones .
tr	11	He didn 't want to divert the dogs ' attention away from their intended target .
tr	7	At the south-west of the lake , the map showed the other section of the Suriname River .
tr	9	Although I no longer had family living in Danton , I continued to visit my old stomping grounds .
tr	10	The land levelled out after about a quarter of an hour and the truck braked to a brief halt .
tr	9	" We operate on a different set of rules from the rest of society " said Vivian .
tr	5	Despite the garish light Katherine 's pupils had dilated .
tr	7	Ahead of me , Phillip was already running through the night .
tr	8	" You are good , very good ... but the time for games is soon coming to an end . "
tr	10	I was getting used to Missile 's stride patterns .
tr	9	I wonder where he got it -- he must have gotten it from them ! "
tr	11	One could say that it is hazardous cargo in transit , not needing customs approval .
tr	10	007 was leaning against the wall between the elevators and the stairwell on the opposite side of the room .
tr	11	" I have a problem with that guy , " General Saunders was saying to Jonesy as Ryan approached .
tr	6	" Get a move on , " the woman fussed at her sons .
tr	8	I 'm very good at stories , Miss Henley says so . "
tr	9	It was utmost dishonor to do so .
tr	11	They had covered all the bases they could think of .
tr	9	" Look at its disgusting legs , and those little wiggly things in its center .
tr	8	There is a stillness in the airs that I cannot explain .
tr	11	A voice greeted him as soon as the skin of his hand felt the cold imprint of the metal .
tr	6	The next morning , I woke up in a haze .
tr	9	Do you want some ? "
tr	9	Andy strode down towards the back of the bus getting a mixed review of looks from his classmates .
tr	6	He mentioned that to me the other day on the phone . "
tr	10	It was hard to trust on a stranger .
tr	7	The Spell Wizard clenched his little fists , and his body bent as though in pain .
tr	8	Although Simon 's reflexes were finely tuned , his initial focus on blocking the punches exposed his ribs .
tr	7	It may not make much sense , but then the rest of this book doesn 't make any more sense . "
tr	9	He was pleased that his hands weren 't shaking .
tr	10	Ted fixed an accusing gaze on the girl and she glanced away .
tr	10	The lost funds that have plunged us into anarchy are now being used to enslave us .
tr	7	" The answer is before you , just the same . "
tr	8	A twinge of pain and a sensation of pins and needles caused him to grasp his right wrist .
tr	10	" Mom always said he was too dangerous to hunt .
tr	10	That is , until he got into the kitchen and saw something stranger .
tr	11	" Can 't you see I 'm already mad ? "
tr	6	Cade closed his eyes against the revulsion in her voice .
tr	9	Varying neither right nor left I was quickly going in an upwardly direction , and upward , and upward .
tr	7	He likes action movies , fantasies , and listens to rock and hip-hop music .
tr	9	I squeezed my eyes shut and covered my ears .
tr	7	He did come back one stormy night , a week later .
tr	5	" Let 's go , " said Williams .
tr	11	Are you going to kill him ? "
tr	7	They left the campsite and searched again for Haunted Hill .
tr	6	A puffy white orb was pushed forth -- a blind , third eye opening .
tr	6	They were both wary and taciturn with us , way less pleasant than Hank and Mr. Osborne .
tr	9	I turn to look at her .
tr	10	He continued to his left , swirling in a circle with his back to the tree .
tr	5	" Four times , " he said simply .
tr	5	" Yes , baby and I need our space these days . "
tr	6	" How could it be so perfectly smooth ? "
tr	8	Twenty-five I swept through Malcolm 's apartment like a small whirlwind , opening drawers , rifling through closets .
tr	7	Farther back , these pools were linked together and then became a stream with current .
tr	8	She feels the throbbing in her head and the cold surrounding her .
tr	8	His abilities are astronomical compared to mine , " Aria replies .
tr	7	A full bar of green energy flew toward the guards and engulfed the entire room in destructive chi energy .
tr	8	I 've known Abbot Baum since childhood .
tr	9	We all knew how to work hard .
tr	11	That 's easier said than done .
tr	7	He still could not grow a beard , she noticed , and had shaved off his last attempt .
tr	8	Instantly , the noise stopped as quickly as it had begun .
tr	9	" Take the wagon and keep up with her the best you can .
tr	7	Brand stared at her in disbelief , and then they both burst out laughing , howling like wolves .
tr	9	Roberto 's cabin was not bigger than hers and there would be no room for her things .
tr	9	As for being penniless -- what rover isn 't , most of the time ?
tr	9	" Wonder if the RAF will take me again ? "
tr	9	They deserve to find love just like everyone else .
tr	10	" Well , that 's not quite the folk saying I had in mind . "
tr	8	My knuckles whitened on the handles of my blades .
tr	10	He won 't talk names , but we were able to find out the numbers .
tr	11	" I 'm assuming she wasn 't very pleased with the news . "
tr	9	Of course we invited him to continue his wanderings with us .
tr	9	He let it stay just for a moment .
tr	7	Sighing , Sue walked out of the kitchen and locked herself in the bathroom .
tr	11	He seemed , normal , someone she could actually be comfortable with .
tr	7	she said , eyeing the well-used target boards suspiciously .
tr	5	But the winds and the waves kept us off .
tr	11	He was expecting , any moment , to be jumped on from behind a stalagmite as he passed .
tr	9	he asked , not sure he wanted to hear the answer .
tr	8	" That 's where he got his inspiration .
tr	10	It never bothered the older man in the slightest , and the younger knew better than to mention it .
tr	8	You do not act like a pirate yet you are one .
tr	11	" Let 's get back before the storm cuts the road , Eddie . "
tr	8	Please , don 't interrupt -- just hear me out for once .
tr	8	Pieces of ice not fully melted came crashing down over his head .
tr	10	The pair met only the crew of the Questionable as they passed through the eerie and deserted halls .
tr	8	There was a rumor that monsters walked the Ice Shelf .
tr	8	Maggie looked amused at Claire 's outburst .
tr	9	You can 't understand what that 's like . "
tr	9	Would they reach out and help keep them safe ?
tr	6	" You guys find a safe place , " I told Tuck .
tr	6	" That 's the truth , sir . "
tr	7	You see , Lord Rafe , someone does not view you with kindness . "
tr	7	Sarah stared at the gypsy and licked her lips .
tr	11	" You are welcome to use these apartments , you look as though ... " He checked .
tr	9	Pulling up in front of the Luton , it was me who got out .
tr	9	I 'll have the first payment by the end of the month . "
tr	8	Several monks , including their leader Abbot Baum , were found guilty by special tribunal and hanged at dawn this morning .
tr	8	Laughter built in Claire 's chest for the first time in days .
tr	10	He smiled as he felt my grasp tighten .
tr	10	" We can take advantage of that for now .
tr	5	" You mean all week ? "
tr	8	I 've been part of a few .
tr	7	" See that belly of hers ?
tr	11	Miss Julie was slow to turn and crawl back inside the nest .
tr	9	" No , it was strange too , because I saw the crashed pilot 's brother . "
tr	9	Another note about living a sequestered life -- it tends to foster under-developed social discretion .
tr	11	It was evident that they hadn 't seen anyone else besides Michael .
tr	11	No chance in hell of getting out in a couple days now . "
tr	11	Alex demanded , " I think I can read this ... maybe ! "
tr	7	Lady Kenna 's eyes were narrow and a hint of a smile was on her lips .
tr	9	you 've played golf with him after all ... ... maybe you can convince him .
tr	6	What am I doing here ?
tr	8	The nearest entrance to the subway for Maria and Connor was still a half block away .
tr	6	" On your feet , you lot , " he said to the prisoners .
tr	7	In scientific usage , ' light ' broadly denotes electromagnetic radiation of any frequency .
tr	9	" A pirate with a wife , what a laugh ! "
tr	10	He heard her as she knew he would .
tr	10	' Hi , ' Danny said stunned to see him with Katherine .
tr	11	I am the Lord of Death , for my Mother cursed me as such on the day I was born .
tr	7	" I 'm the cute one , " Gabe says awkwardly .
tr	7	" I 'm going straight to the Roman Empire ! "
tr	7	Chapter Eighteen Ambush Ted ran up Main Street as fast as he dared .
tr	9	He nearly jumped out of his skin as he felt the tap on his shoulder .
tr	10	" Well , I am glad that you are leaving it .
tr	8	In my line of work the name used by the agency is ' Whisper ' . "
tr	7	Once upon a time , the Brotherhood and the Daughters of the Moon were in perfect harmony .
tr	5	In fact Kevin Eady was not his birth name .
tr	9	Steve Lyndon turned from the coffee pot , a fresh cup of coffee in his hand .
tr	7	But , it took me 12 hours , " Sarah said and sat down on the floor .
tr	8	" You got me into this , " replied VIN studying the girl in the wheelchair .
tr	7	He looked both ways , but could not see much .
tr	9	It was possible this phrase was even an exaggeration .
tr	9	It was soft , fluffy to her touch and it was real !
tr	5	One black Mercedes-Benz S-Class , a Ford , a Japanese hatchback and a small red BMW series something .
tr	8	This was still a wider stream than that before the lake .
tr	11	And me , I 've a track record of not introducing world dominating bands .
tr	11	In addition , she was female , which apparently had a number of people speculating .
tr	10	Herb asked , " You think the Jackson kids a party to it ? "
tr	11	I took that to mean he was .
tr	6	" This is my greatest ability , " the old man annoyingly whispered into my ear .
tr	9	Like the well-organized team they had become since they first met , the travelers prepared the airplane for flight .
tr	8	In a split second he was sprawling painfully on the ground and then mercifully Simon 's world went black .
tr	6	And then : ' Yes , your offer is ... interesting , ' said Dangerous Beans .
tr	10	Things began to get blurry to Jin .
tr	6	" Van Gogh painted quite a few Sunflower still lifes during the sixteen months he spent in Arles .
tr	6	" Right , the fifth one in the tracking spell .
tr	6	At that moment , Mike reached his door and hauled on the handle .
tr	6	But he looked right at me .
tr	7	Shocked at the unexpected emotion , I turned and caught Reid 's shrewd stare .
tr	8	" I have told you all this , and you do not know my name .
tr	6	With guards standing watch , the building seemed more a prison than a place to rest .
tr	9	She paused and then felt Gunnar 's cheek with the back of her hand .
tr	9	Mike 's tolerance for stale coffee was something of a legend on the mountain .
tr	10	They did some tepid fighting which involved absolutely no roundhouse or 180 ° spin kicks of death .
tr	7	If he were wrong , he would be dead .
tr	6	Skull left the Potion Chamber and into the throne she went .
tr	8	' That room is in a secured facility two hundred feet below you , ' he finally said quietly .
tr	7	Roman glanced at him and nodded brusquely .
tr	11	Someone had managed to light the lamp above the woodstove .
tr	6	A short time later , the crying has stopped , and everything is quiet and still .
tr	11	She had a disarming smile that instilled instant trust among the otherwise hard , sculpted features .
tr	9	I need to run this by you . "
tr	9	" Firstly boy , that 's my flying helmet and if I want it , I 'll get it .
tr	8	" Prove that you want me .
tr	8	Tim jumped up so suddenly it frightened Andy .
tr	11	Do you see what happened ? "
tr	7	' In the eyes of God our kindnesses weigh twice our cruelties . " '
tr	6	" Such enmity will not disappear overnight .
tr	11	" Did you know this thing doesn 't make any noise when it hovers ? "
tr	10	She knows what he 'll find in there .
tr	8	Some of it in the same boxes it had been delivered in earlier that day .
tr	7	I 've been around a bit too .
tr	10	I don 't understand a damn from what you 're e saying .
tr	10	Tim 's dad , Carl , came into the room and told them to get ready for bed .
tr	7	We 're all set for this Saturday .
tr	10	There have been false dawns before .
tr	10	The cave was very difficult to find , as its entrance was covered by wild blackberry bushes .
tr	6	Scott Lyndon scowled and examined the situation again .
tr	7	* * * * * The next few days flew by in a rush .
tr	7	He 'd dropped the yellow cloth and it lay next to his body .
tr	8	That sort of look on a woman means trouble for any man .
tr	7	After they were gone , Bing 's gunner shook his head .
tr	9	The Headmaster gripped Miriam and dragged her towards another set of the doors .
tr	8	He was alive and mumbled at times but he could not get to his feet .
tr	10	Then she retreated out of the middle of the argument to shut the door in their faces .
tr	8	His world had grown so small in the last week and the walls were crashing in fast .
tr	11	Ben questioned the old man , trying to distract himself from his own pain stricken body .
tr	8	The leading edge of a hazy shock wave became visible , racing towards Helen , following the curvature of the earth .
tr	8	" Now , the sutures will remain there forever , but the body will adapt to them .
tr	11	I know things are a little up in the air right now , to say the least .
tr	8	Melody shut her eyes tightly and took a deep breath , letting it out slowly .
tr	5	" And a good job , too , " said the admiral .
tr	11	The meeting was requested by the leadership of the WTR following a cease fire .
tr	10	' It 's our little secret for now and I would like to keep it so . '
tr	6	" A bunch of small cities and towns , ports , an airport or two .
tr	6	Up and down the bank , the circus folk and the steamer crew were assessing their situation .
tr	8	Red crept around the guy 's collar line and up his neck .
tr	6	" Yes , but it has vast application potential . "
tr	6	" Well okay then , Mr. Herbert A. Clark , aka Anthony the Artist , here comes your new roommate .
tr	6	" That 's fine , Jericho , " Beck said in a friendly , forgiving way .
tr	6	" Well , yes , she has quite a large farm and ... . "
tr	5	As if I ever owned such a thing ! "
tr	11	he asked , not wanting to get tetchy with her .
tr	8	" How did you know when the right time was ? "
tr	11	" I wouldn 't be surprised if his security detail wasn 't even briefed on the potential threat . "
tr	10	Maria turned her head to look back out the window .
tr	10	, in fact he gave off royal airs not to be overshadowed by his gentlemanly demeanor .
tr	7	" The truth is in your eyes , lady . "
tr	8	We learned much later from a friend that they never even missed the plane . "
tr	10	Bradley turned back to see how far the Tenacious was .
tr	9	He looked down at her , fascinated by the perfect shape of her eyebrows against her white forehead .
tr	8	" Not for me ; she 's teaching me about healing .
tr	5	1875 , composition and jointed wood body , real hair wig , thirty-three inches . "
tr	8	Rift exclaims , glancing back and breathing excitedly .
tr	11	" We 're headed home , to be with family , " said Nathan .
tr	9	Snow Job was wondering aloud as much as he was asking .
tr	9	I believe your interference is from an outside source .
tr	10	' Let 's just try and get to the bottom of this thing before those bastards kill any more people . '
tr	7	Normally he was a very proud man , shoulders straight , his voice strong as a captain 's should be .
tr	7	" We will take you to our place . "
tr	8	" Do you think so ? "
tr	11	They were talking and laughing about something and appeared totally engrossed in doing nothing in particular .
tr	11	Do you know where she lives ? "
tr	9	" We can take the village with that number if we use tact . "
tr	11	He wondered , am I concealed enough so that I won 't be discovered ?
tr	10	It was then she realized the answer to how to carry the eggs .
tr	10	" You had a fourth place finish just a week ago -- that 's two points , " Alex pointed out .
tr	11	He turned to the soldier who held the horse 's reign .
tr	6	The steam coated my face in warmth .
tr	7	We 'd hit the Maple Street Bar every weekend and dance up a storm . "
tr	9	But when the war ended , Ivan decided to return to teaching .
tr	11	He was fresh from college and enthusiastic about what he was doing .
tr	10	The US is on its way to recovery and coming along , but we still have a ways to go . "
tr	11	How would Peyton understand that I 'd seen my mom and then received a strange message from her ?
tr	9	Further ahead a large opening appears , the narrow passage suddenly growing into a much larger , dome-shaped arena .
tr	6	' We sure travel a lot , don 't we ? '
tr	11	Suzi then climbed into a baggy pair of trousers and pulled them over her exoskeleton to hide it .
tr	5	" ' Gate , ' in Scottish dialect , means ' way . " '
tr	9	Odd symbols are etched into the stone atop the long , rectangular stand .
tr	9	The only unit to the front of Ghost 's company was the Death Dealers .
tr	7	Blood poured from the reopened wounds , drenching their uniforms and the grass below .
tr	6	And tomorrow , he not only gets his girlfriend back , but a daughter . "
tr	7	" I saw a snake and I 'm still terrified , " Stacy said looking girly .
tr	6	At least Cordelia and the others , some hundred yards down the tunnel , should be safe enough .
tr	11	" Can you not see that he is doing his best for us ? "
tr	11	They stopped while Falconer negotiated it , then followed singly .
tr	9	Why would I want to chop wood ? "
tr	8	Your stocks , if I cash them all in , are worth about ten grand more .
tr	6	The set of his mouth , his eyes , and the stoop of his shoulders .
tr	9	Her brain felt foggy and full , like a hangover of the worst proportions .
tr	11	The animal seemed totally content with what was going on .
tr	8	All the boys did anytime we stopped long enough .
tr	8	When I arrived at the Extravaganza , I stood on the side street .
tr	8	A drowsy stirring beneath the covers told her that Adele was awake .
tr	10	I need to quit torturing myself .
tr	11	" Do you think we should stop ? "
tr	8	Her eyesight had begun to recover .
tr	7	" Even if we somehow had a spare Anchor it wouldn 't work for you . "
tr	9	It was as though the rising of the sun acted as an alarm clock .
tr	7	No one was allowed frivolous trips to anywhere anymore .
tr	8	The small chamber is amply lit , but lacks any sort of décor aside from the bare essentials .
tr	10	asked David , keeping his eyes on the road the siren clearing the traffic .
tr	6	Alejo looked away at the wooden truck slats .
tr	8	Then Prince Cade would be hers , just like her childhood dreams .
tr	10	Did it ever occur to you that you are alive because of him .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	6	" Not so difficult , " she thought , " either that or they 're not very good . "
tr	7	Scott and Timothy both wear a suit and tie , and Brooke wears a classic black dress .
tr	8	All I could do was block his blows .
tr	9	I could tear you to pieces with one hand ! "
tr	9	I said to Alita as we walked to her first training mission .
tr	6	Warrior dives toward the red moon ; it 's eyes crimson fury .
tr	10	She had rarely ever seen Ted without the pistol dangling at his hip .
tr	9	He would have to make his plan .
tr	6	The brief touch of the stun gun had its desired effect .
tr	10	They are trying to determine his involvement at this time .
tr	5	The Little and Big Dippers , Orion , Cassiopeia , the Lion .
tr	11	She 'd said it would do them good .
tr	9	He worried less about someone sneaking up on them with several dozen ravenous , desperate dogs roaming the area .
tr	6	" You saved my life , " she said to him in a rich , throaty voice .
tr	7	I hadn 't changed in fact .
tr	11	The sun has all but vanished beneath the horizon when the extraordinarily patient ninja finally makes her move .
tr	5	Beneath the shredded t-shirt , the new body was fresh and undamaged .
tr	9	When she took four more steps toward them and held out her hand again , Scott watched her expression .
tr	9	For a moment he wondered if the stranger might be diseased .
tr	9	" I will not ask for your company on this journey .
tr	8	See I woke you up !
tr	10	She tried to stop Cadaver stealing Art .
tr	8	Hide it in a closet or better yet , burn it .
tr	6	In a few moments , an elderly retainer with a hook nose opened the door and peered out .
tr	11	He preferred to use stealth when possible , but that was looking less likely the more he looked .
tr	6	Jake looked around and the others nodded , maybe they understood and maybe they didn 't .
tr	6	He pitied the four thugs , not a lot , but a little .
tr	6	The incident at Katherine Gorge was probably just an isolated incident anyway .
tr	5	He obviously spoke German fluently , oh and French as well apparently . '
tr	8	Harry was already walking up to the green , bag over his shoulder .
tr	10	They walked a few yards down the tree trunk to where the water rushed beneath their platform .
tr	11	The other soldier went to a computer panel set on a pole next to the edge of the cliff .
tr	9	Sarah let her eyes adjust to the darkened barn interior .
tr	11	You guys have really helped me from the get-go and I 'm sure I owe you more than this .
tr	8	she giggled passing him a towel .
tr	5	" How appropriate , " he thought .
tr	9	Miriam bunched her hands into fists , and Mana put one hand on the girl 's shoulder .
tr	10	Do what you want to do .
tr	8	Malcolm didn 't look at me but mixed his paints .
tr	7	The house was dark and silent , and all the doors in the hallways were closed .
tr	6	At one end of the main street sat the fossil dig , at the other East Lake .
tr	11	Walter looked both ways and then crossed the street casually walking to the side of the house .
tr	8	And with that , both agents walked to the airport car park without saying another word .
tr	10	Or thought I owed him mine .
tr	8	There she thrust them into the heart of the blaze .
tr	10	" But I 'd be happy to have you along . "
tr	8	The hint of concern in his voice caused mine to shake .
tr	8	Sure enough , it lifted nearly a foot off the ground with the cost of all their present muster .
tr	6	" You got any better ideas ? "
tr	9	Having Hector 's network on side and at his disposal was comforting to say the least .
tr	9	Chris looked away to spare himself the view .
tr	9	The combined camera coverage from the building and the ubiquitous City of London surveillance system created an impenetrable blanket .
tr	6	I discard the hat and sunglasses .
tr	9	He sat down on the rock surface of the bluff and lay back .
tr	10	He stopped and listened , hearing faint talking coming from the direction of the bridge .
tr	6	" She looks pale , " said another male voice , this one higher , less resonant .
tr	6	He came back later and joined them again .
tr	9	And -- who was that first man , the one who had mentioned laudanum ?
tr	5	" Proceed Mr. Smith , " Jamison said solemnly .
tr	7	Bobby Wilson , the prison 's doctor , stood up and the room went still again .
tr	8	He drew out his long steel sword , a weapon worth countless amounts of silver that only rich men could afford .
tr	7	Her voice , even at that distance , sounded amused .
tr	9	With a little convincing , she told me where to find the hostage . "
tr	8	There was a short pause , and he said with satisfaction , " Excellent .
tr	10	She 'll leave her mark upon the skies , she 'll kiss the hand that held the chain .
tr	7	" I had pineapple ice cream , and then , " a dramatic pause , " I got some henna tattoos .
tr	10	haven 't seen you for a couple of days , " said Jennie .
tr	7	They slammed the door shut .
tr	8	A plastic dragon , hanging over the cash register of a Chinese takeout place on the food court .
tr	7	An indignant yowl accompanied the dull thuds ; the cat 's claws dug further into my flesh .
tr	9	And don 't tell me someone will because we don 't know that . '
tr	7	She nodded and took him by the hand .
tr	9	' How come you don 't drink ? '
tr	10	It seemed out of place amongst the granites forming the bulk of the cave .
tr	9	In an attempt to bite her , it lunged forward .
tr	6	An older warrior , scarred and lame , sneered at the Dog People .
tr	11	They would have to take shelter in the mountains one more night .
tr	11	The Prince tilted his head again under the hood , but failed to catch a glimpse of the big man .
tr	11	They matched stares before Tate put a hand on the arm of each .
tr	6	But they were his brothers and sisters , for goodness sake !
tr	9	If that 's what it took .
tr	8	he asked , masking his keen curiosity with derision .
tr	6	At the reception , the room lights of a thousand flames brightened the hall long into the night .
tr	9	" How do you think will be ? "
tr	8	Kim pounced on Frank 's last sentence like a triumphant cat on a mouse .
tr	8	He saw one Chinese officer in the group and knew what that meant .
tr	10	He had no idea how cold it was now but well below minus ten Fahrenheit .
tr	7	Setting it all on the table , he hesitated , " My handwriting is distinctive . "
tr	10	The brightly lit confines were a hive of activity .
tr	8	I 've been thinking about that . "
tr	6	" You brought us some fresh meat , " Rory said , with a grin .
tr	8	Then a chorus of angry shouts erupted and an alarm system began droning away .
tr	9	Tilting his head with a questioning glance , Link 's interest has peaked concerning this boy in the barn .
tr	10	We won 't be able to get inside .
tr	6	" Are you the Americans next door ? "
tr	10	Nor do we bear a penalty on our heads of any kind . "
tr	6	" Of course , " she sighs , a hint of attitude seeping through her words for the first time .
tr	10	At that point , I was too tired to do anything but belay him back across the snow slope .
tr	8	I knew it was a trap .
tr	7	It was now sundown , and despite the chill , Alejo felt feverish .
tr	6	Dan , beloved owner of the D and M ranch , her home for the last few months .
tr	8	" Oh no , oh no , oh no ! "
tr	10	And tell Dave it 's for me .
tr	9	' He 's either a crap shot , or he 's playing with us , ' he said , frowning .
tr	6	She came off but got right back on and finished the course .
tr	10	Killing was just a chore to him similar to taking out the trash or doing the laundry .
tr	5	" There , now your lips aren 't quite so pale . "
tr	9	" It 's the least I could do . "
tr	10	Mike will tell you more when we have a chance .
tr	6	Taylor just looked at her with a raised eyebrow and nodded .
tr	8	Protector of the royal family , and guardian of truth and justice .
tr	10	Considering calling out to him , he quickly changes his mind , fearful of what else may hear him .
tr	8	Transparent bulkheads on the docking column reveal people moving in and out of his body .
tr	7	" Well , you 'll learn , my dear , " the older woman said kindly .
tr	10	Ted was making no effort to conceal his whereabouts .
tr	9	You sure you 're up to it . "
tr	9	He was getting good at this and had the shuttle docked twenty minutes later .
tr	6	I can 't get my glove off fast enough .
tr	10	In the Transvaal when I was mining diamonds .
tr	9	What 's wrong with you !
tr	7	" And they haven 't killed me yet .
tr	9	Can you call the duty contractor and tell them to get down here right away . "
tr	8	" But as long as we keep the ride steady , they should hold together . "
tr	11	Let me know if anyone touches you .
tr	9	Wear long johns because it gets kinda chilly hanging from the rafters .
tr	5	" Hush , " said the gray haired woman .
tr	8	" Good in that case where exactly are you ?
tr	10	She glared but Amy saw her soften at once .
tr	11	Andy tried to eat , but his stomach had other ideas so he went upstairs and got ready .
tr	7	She walked over to Rick and hugged him .
tr	5	I grudgingly gave him that point .
tr	9	As he pitched forward and rolled , Ted was pretty sure that neither of his legs was broken .
tr	7	Godard pulled me towards him and engulfed me in a tight hug .
tr	5	What outfit are you from ?
tr	11	I said , " Belize looks like it came through all right . "
tr	7	Sidney was obviously a very well behaved child and he wondered about that .
tr	9	I assume that means ' in another time . '
tr	10	Our women don 't have to hide in a church to live like people . "
tr	6	Another joined its neighbor , only this one came right up to the dock .
tr	7	He had thought himself successful .
tr	10	I believe he knew of us but then moved off in another direction . "
tr	8	He fell down to shrieks of laughter and rowdy insults from his friends .
tr	8	No matter where Charlie went or how deep he dug bodies were heaped upon one another marking grisly gains and losses .
tr	6	" Perhaps you weren 't punished enough then ! "
tr	7	" Oh stop it , " Mai laughs , sounding embarrassed by the flattery .
tr	5	' And perhaps some cake , ' said the Chair . '
tr	7	Anyways , it 's been quite useful for me .
tr	10	" It 's easy to dwell upon , isn 't it ?
tr	8	Victor strode to the man 's side and crouched down .
tr	7	She flicked her long black hair over her shoulder and looked around the room with a grin .
tr	11	The woman wore a long woolen skirt and looked like she 'd stepped out of the last century .
tr	8	" Feels weird , Dad not being here , " John said .
tr	9	Mark and Josie walked quickly toward where they had parked .
tr	6	" Those days , " chuckled Alvin , " were so full of shit . "
tr	6	" Thanks for coming ... " There was a long pause .
tr	8	Aries made his way to his Laird 's side and walked with him back to the bunker entrance .
tr	10	But , of course , without help she wouldn 't be able to get anywhere .
tr	8	Death had come to him at long last , but it could not have been destined .
tr	9	Breakfast was by no means fancy yet gave each the energy to start the day .
tr	6	Emily Fields nearly missed the flyer , too , but her closest swimming friend , Gemma Curran , looked over .
tr	9	As soon as she saw them she pointed at the bow , then pulled an imaginary arrow .
tr	6	" That 's not funny , " said Victoria .
tr	7	A welcome enough sight she whispered thanks to God and put it in her purse .
tr	10	So that he could terrify the aircrew of course .
tr	7	The past few days " experience had left her numb .
tr	9	" I love all of you and still have room for Abby too , " he winked at her .
tr	8	" Alex , what do you think ?
tr	6	" Of course , the government did not sit idle .
tr	10	It was just not enough to coax the dog out of its prison .
tr	7	You go first -- Landon and I will stay over here . "
tr	6	Take him to the hospital .
tr	5	Then , there is the mental fight ... ' ' Real or imagined ? '
tr	5	In late October , on an overcast day , the sky was almost completely dark .
tr	11	It took Missy and Kevin a half an hour to get all four horses rubbed down .
tr	8	Satisfied that the manoeuvre worked , he accelerated towards the access road in pursuit .
tr	11	He hung up and ran after Jess , finding her in the hallway with the security detail .
tr	10	They walked towards the temple , which was a small , squat building .
tr	7	" Can I save it for later ? "
tr	8	Its other was tied around the captain 's neck .
tr	8	" Interesting , " Leah said , " is it because I mentioned the Fort -- ? "
tr	10	Let me know when you can .
tr	8	When Mac could see blue again , he took the ship to the surface and into the sky .
tr	7	Phillip and Martin are the most famous pair in Germany . "
tr	10	He hadn 't been around so many Christians since he was a kid , and the experience had been overwhelming .
tr	10	" The first thing I want you to do is practice space flight and jumping .
tr	6	What are you waiting for ? '
tr	11	Five letters that could mean the death of someone I can 't possibly let go of -- dead or alive .
tr	7	" You don 't look so bad yourself , " she said .
tr	7	After a few minutes I got up , took a shower , and then we made it to the grub spot .
tr	8	I selected two pistols and secured them on my hips , I glanced momentarily at the experimental rifle .
tr	8	I knew he would come . "
tr	5	His voice , his hand on her elbow , it was just too much .
tr	8	" Bullshit , " George from the corner of the room .
tr	10	The expanse of teak floor gleamed like it had been recently oiled .
tr	6	Biting back a retort , Claire smiled and gave her brother a brief hug .
tr	11	I failed to be there when you needed me . "
tr	6	Alas , it wasn 't meant ta be . "
tr	7	After Sam gave up Raphael stepped back into the control room , winked at Danny and sat back down .
tr	8	This was a staring match between him and Wolf Eyes .
tr	9	See what we can find there .
tr	9	" What 's the point of drinking mead if there are no women around ? "
tr	8	The night owl cooed in the branch of the broad tree near them .
tr	7	" I might 've found something . "
tr	7	We both got a round off , but he was moving too fast .
tr	6	Relief flooded my arms and legs , and my body sagged .
tr	11	The world seemed to tilt crazily before righting itself .
tr	8	" ... off the roads and return to your homes .
tr	8	' Does that mean you knew Olsson ? '
tr	10	" He hasn 't learnt how to fall , " he thought , as he danced away .
tr	11	If you want to go ahead and have an affair go right ahead ... . .
tr	6	Forty Both the prisoner and I turned .
tr	9	Seconds later , he disconnected and stared at me blindly , his face pale .
tr	10	My group will travel anti-clockwise around the museum while Mr Brown 's will travel clockwise .
tr	7	" Or I 'll tell ' em and I 'm not as good a teller as you . "
tr	9	It 's his first piece of freedom for a decade . "
tr	5	" Kevin , can you and Jeffrey watch the store this morning ?
tr	7	Finally , he rolled on to his side and slid off his pack .
tr	6	Her words echoed the palpable dread in the air .
tr	8	Hunger was rampant , and the excesses from before the French Revolution were returning .
tr	7	" What is the meaning of this ! "
tr	11	Mac wondered if it was possible for him to send messages .
tr	6	On the first day , he cried -- but this was not uncommon .
tr	7	It skimmed the gas cloud , lost control and smashed into the ground in a giant fire ball .
tr	7	When he turned his head , Drew saw the bruise on the other man 's throat .
tr	8	I mean , I would call you , but that 's frowned on .
tr	10	A second later the engine roared to life and it pulled away leaving a trail of dust in its wake .
tr	10	I am going to run her aground on a sandbar shortly .
tr	10	The air was moist ; there was some sort of front passing over .
tr	9	David stay back for a while would you . "
tr	11	We all know Spinach is good for us but our taste buds don 't like Spinach .
tr	10	But we believe we 're better than our demo . '
tr	7	Throwing ourselves up the platform , we hurtled towards our departing train .
tr	6	" I don 't understand , " Josie said .
tr	9	" John , did you do last check on the animals ? "
tr	8	I swore and twisted the driving wheel to the right .
tr	8	He approached the side of the carriage and pushed the window open .
tr	9	Chapter Nineteen Tomas Godard was waiting for us in the foyer of the mansion .
tr	6	The West Coast of the South Island was very inhospitable with few safe harbors .
tr	6	He has the right idea , his scale is just off .
tr	10	He was worried I had ruined her .
tr	8	He rose and began trailing his prey .
tr	8	That was one of my few blank answers but I should have got that .
tr	7	No , we keep men on him day and night .
tr	6	And after tonight , even after my foolishness and unbelief , I realize ... I was not wrong . "
tr	8	His father continued to bark out orders .
tr	7	" I 'm here for the article , " she said to Mr. Singer .
tr	10	We will find you food and water not far from here , but we must keep going . "
tr	6	Or she doesn 't kill him .
tr	5	" No , it wouldn 't , " said Frank .
tr	6	She couldn 't handle it .
tr	11	" Very well , then , what is the difference between him and I ? "
tr	9	Standing in the darkness , Rift can hear muffled voices speaking calmly , but cannot make out the words .
tr	10	See if there was anything strange going on .
tr	7	I could not believe my own eyes , was my dead father .
tr	6	But then , after the unsuccessful attempt , her creative well dried up and she never painted again .
tr	7	He threw himself into his work sometimes working twenty hours a day .
tr	10	Then I become aware of an unknown figure leaning against a tree .
tr	9	They had History and Mr. Singer looked stressed out .
tr	7	Hank , walking a few paces onward , eventually inquired impatiently , " In what way ? "
tr	11	Scrambling to avoid the onslaught of projectiles , Link suddenly remembers his nemesis using a similar tactic in the past .
tr	9	It 's time to finish this . "
tr	8	Though many were saved , Samuel Bender had not been one of the lucky ones .
tr	5	" Good day to you , Miss Alex , " he called back .
tr	10	Even so , it was a hard accusation to throw at her best friend .
tr	7	Clues , images , and snippets of conversations swirled in and out of my brain .
tr	7	When the Cossacks reached the river the Turks were well on their way across the river .
tr	11	The strays had sat down in anticipation of the up and coming show .
tr	8	Jessica leapt out of her seat and bounced around her , finally stopping long enough grab Abby in a huge hug .
tr	9	Two people of the same clan were not allowed to marry each other .
tr	11	His phone was a new model , styled to look like a common smart phone .
tr	9	We were simply passengers on a jet that an old friend of his owns .
tr	9	" You haven 't got these have you ?
tr	9	Every commander needed a little luck , and the best seemed to create it .
tr	5	" Did you wash your hands ? "
tr	9	At exactly seven pm , there was a sudden flurry of activity around the property .
tr	9	He stumbled forwards and turned to face her .
tr	5	" Right , yes , okay , " she said .
tr	9	Those left still remained in jeopardy as food was scarce , and the new crops were not even in the ground .
tr	11	She was so shaken up by what had happened , her vision was blurry .
tr	5	Suddenly , both dogs raised their heads and growled , long and low .
tr	10	Gagging from the stench , he got onto his stomach and began to crawl into the lagoon after Riki .
tr	6	" At home I have a cop outfit , a harem girl costume and a Playboy Bunny teddy . "
tr	9	Do you need proof ? "
tr	10	" I am glad that someone removed the strings from the Yoyo grenades ! "
tr	8	Although alert he was at peace with his lot .
tr	8	Before Atticus could wake him up , a knock came from the Captain 's door .
tr	10	It took an hour for the digger to move the core of the debris .
tr	8	It wreaks havoc on your body , screwing up your DNA , no offense .
tr	5	" Show her , Kevin . "
tr	11	Our last resort is that we could go to Mars and begin mining there in 2016 .
tr	8	" Shall we go and let Mommy and Daddy sleep ? "
tr	10	She was so glad they hadn 't found Noah .
tr	10	One tiny portion glimmered and sparkled , turning into a rope of water .
tr	10	Brand hadn 't yet drunk enough to forget that fact .
tr	6	A feeling of contempt swept over his body .
tr	7	" No , I 'm fine , " I get up and walk into the bathroom .
tr	5	" Yes , " the Elder said immediately .
tr	5	Right against the back of its head .
tr	7	Lilly Ann stepped down from the chair and joined Taylor at their table .
tr	7	The ships crew were all wide-awake and at general quarters .
tr	7	For the first time in his life his business mind began operating .
tr	11	" You have a protocol for someone dropping my basilisk eye in the Fountain and the whole creature regenerating ? "
tr	6	On the other side , the old burgundy brick motel with the run-down sign .
tr	7	Sarah looked at him and smiled .
tr	8	Lord Brogan did not look like his son , Adele decided .
tr	7	In the morning , she woke up to scruffy feathers and a beak .
tr	7	' Look on the bright side , ' said the immortal .
tr	7	" Yes , of course , " responded Tsubasa with very little emotion and a forced smile .
tr	8	Miriam , however , pretended to herself that they were actually pearls .
tr	5	Maybe then you will understand . "
tr	10	I liked to come here as a child and wander through the graveyard .
tr	10	People had ways of dealing with it .
tr	9	I put it from my mind as one of the two yawned , then Kurt spoke .
tr	5	" Yes , they also eat oats , straw , carrots and apples . "
tr	9	Cade nodded his approval and led her deeper into the city with the wave of the disinterested guard .
tr	7	Kaylin was in her room and when I knocked , she answered with a big grin on her face .
tr	9	" The horse chiefs cut their wives as part of the marriage ceremony -- it 's a symbol of total submission .
tr	7	Mentally preparing themselves for a seizure , they worked their way into the house and back to the couple 's bedroom .
tr	10	' It 's time you talked to him .
tr	10	" I didn 't say I didn 't want to .
tr	10	That 's who 's coming to dinner . "
tr	5	" Well , at least now you 're an available single man again .
tr	9	" If each company builds one set of airships , " he said as he hit the enter key .
tr	8	He had to hide it .
tr	8	It cut them off even from the light of the high sun .
tr	5	" Hey , he ruined our summer vacation too . "
tr	5	Pretty , smart , charming , elegant , and very loyal .
tr	10	" Then we will reconvene when you are awake and fit to give commands . "
tr	8	Logic told her the expressions were friendly .
tr	6	His holdings are still small , his coffers still empty .
tr	9	She stepped into the hall , certain that he would follow her .
tr	10	We have been ordered to protect you .
tr	5	I followed the winding hallway .
tr	6	" You can 't keep up your strength eating plants all day long . "
tr	6	" Be still , Adele ! "
tr	10	Half wanted to be called crazy .
tr	6	Perhaps remembering his manners , he held the plate toward Chris .
tr	8	Jimmy dropped to the floor again , this time grabbing the shapeshifter 's left leg .
tr	9	" The rest of you are probably tired ... " " That 's sweet of you ' Abby praised .
tr	8	" Hurry they are getting much stronger , " She said and her voice carried to me .
tr	6	" I was a leader ; I know everything .
tr	6	She tried again and still messed up .
tr	9	Byron just glared at them as they crossed the threshold ; he 'd deal with them later .
tr	10	" You said you had already read from it , right ? "
tr	8	However - " The big man held the branch up in front of the Prince 's eyes .
tr	7	But he has shunned all my more than reasonable offers .
tr	10	" The benefits we could receive from his information do not outweigh the dangers of us not returning .
tr	11	" At least , in this instance , I lived up to whatever glowing reputation she spread about me . "
tr	10	" Sounds like they 're building something , " Sarah said .
tr	9	Is it the Fire itself that does not burn , or some barrier ?
tr	10	Silence followed , so absolute that Eda held her breath so as not to disturb it .
tr	11	Are we going to be divided ? "
tr	8	A single row of bodies with blankets draped over them lines the path through the wooden entrance .
tr	9	Sofia was carried by the brotherly love that the two had shared .
tr	9	" Couldn 't have accomplished any of this without ye , young Christopher .
tr	8	An unexplained feeling of dread crept across his chest as he watched them .
tr	5	But in the physical planes , everything is free standing , sort of .
tr	6	" I 'm Junior Commander Fray Tork , " he boomed .
tr	9	She tries again to pull her will together but no magic gathers .
tr	7	He crossed the distance to the Prince and placed two enormous hands on his shoulders , nearly engulfing his head .
tr	8	I grabbed a cable tie from my backpack and closed it around Olsson 's wrists .
tr	5	At that moment , the stone crumbled and disappeared .
tr	5	' Hi John how are you my friend ? '
tr	11	Paul thought it took forever before another voice rang out .
tr	8	He punched the accelerator all the way to the floor , throwing the woman back in her seat .
tr	7	" Yes Abby , a lot of things happened lately . "
tr	8	I 'd been to London on several occasions , and the rushing citizens of our own capital were familiar to me .
tr	10	I sipped , then gulped the cold liquid down quickly , suddenly aware of my thirst .
tr	10	" It 's good to meet you Lyudmila . "
tr	10	He knew what the Falcon had planned for her .
tr	11	" Anyway , I asked if we could come in tonight and pick them up . "
tr	10	" You look very nice in them Sergeant , " said George ... ... and seemed to mean it .
tr	11	I asked , turning to look at her .
tr	7	Leo gets up from his chair and walks across the room , and unlocks a closet with a key .
tr	5	To his left , well into the trees , a snuffling noise .
tr	9	So for now , farewell but we will see each other soon . "
tr	6	" Shut up , you subs , " one soldier barked .
tr	6	Let 's check out this floor first so nothing follows us up to the 10th floor . "
tr	11	" Do you know who attacked us ? "
tr	7	Do you know how dangerous that is ?
tr	7	Beyond them , inside the tented structure , the maze of stalls was filled with everything imaginable .
tr	9	I step into the shower and raise up my face to the spray of water .
tr	9	The only way near the targets was as the musical entertainment , sent by the Conservatory .
tr	7	" Neither , " said the Devil , " The man in the middle .
tr	8	On the top shelf , above the monitors , a terrible battle wages between two opposing armies of action figures .
tr	7	" Don 't we have to ask ? "
tr	9	" You don 't want to do this .
tr	5	Two trucks , two old jeeps , and the sedan that brought me here .
tr	9	He looked perplexed but raised his arms like a cowboy at gunpoint .
tr	10	When neither could stand being apart longer Katherine made plans with Amy and Barbara .
tr	7	Steve , a Golden Glove lightweight boxing champion , commenced his attack with several fast jabs towards Simon 's face .
tr	7	" It 's only been a few short hours and the world is going mad .
tr	10	' Ok , but not too happy about what 's going on here . '
tr	11	He was amazed too just how much more of the wreck there was still to find .
tr	5	" See ya soon love , " he said and clicked off the phone .
tr	11	I need everyone else in their tents , where they won 't be paying any attention to you . "
tr	7	Both were carrying back packs and Uzi sub machine guns strapped across their chests .
tr	9	The pace of life and number of distractions were nothing like those in Vancouver .
tr	9	Having a younger man on board with specific responsibility for the ' horse management ' would be a good thing .
tr	5	Of opals , beer , sheep , wool and bananas . '
tr	6	On the horizon , gray dawn softened into lilac , from there to indigo and copper .
tr	8	Why you 're e so envy ? "
tr	11	But what was she to do to help the boss .
tr	11	" I 'm going to clean up and get Toby moving . "
tr	9	She tried to pinch his nose but he caught her hands .
tr	9	Do you have any ? "
tr	10	It was impossible to tell her age , she could have been anywhere between forty and a hundred .
tr	9	Just couldn 't bring myself to sell it when my wife Judy died .
tr	8	She threw her head back and the sound filled the empty magnolia room , rolling off the walls .
tr	5	" Well , tell , man !
tr	10	Now , she was at a complete loss , her frustration raging like an open furnace .
tr	9	" By the time they know we 're here , there 'll be fewer . "
tr	6	Twelve and a half per cent , for heavens ' sake , didn 't anyone spot that ?
tr	6	" No , no it didn 't just come back .
tr	7	" You 're not really selling the whole parenting thing to me . "
tr	6	Animated conversation drew nearer outside the tent .
tr	8	She took it and began to read .
tr	7	As he moved , I stepped forward and withdrew our captive 's pistol from his belt .
tr	8	When they were done , the Prince was covered in sweat , and was sore beyond belief .
tr	6	A man in a suit coat stood a couple feet away .
tr	11	Do you have a lot of enemies ? "
tr	9	As far as she could tell , Joe didn 't seem to be following .
tr	6	" Yes , " Mark said , frowning .
tr	6	" No , actually , I held back a lot , " she replied nonchalantly .
tr	7	Her t-shirt was likewise sprayed with blood .
tr	9	He 'd given his body a hard time in his youth and now it was paying him back .
tr	6	Maybe they don 't even have a house ?
tr	5	You 're a good boy , Toby .
tr	9	Now I 'm never gon na tell you . "
tr	9	" I mean whatever has happened , it 's because of us .
tr	7	She was somehow very beautiful ; not striking perhaps , but quietly pleasing .
tr	7	Taylor got up from his chair and raised his glass .
tr	9	There were several rocks littering the path , but every one that he stepped on was soft and springy .
tr	11	Branden was a comforting presence too , which helped to settle him down .
tr	10	" It certainly did make the veggies in the garden grow like crazy ! "
tr	8	What if the nuclear winter 's still going on out there ?
tr	9	Letting go of Sarah 's hand , he began running across the deck .
tr	9	I made you kill your friend , a woman ! "
tr	10	I cried , shoving through a waiting pack of busybodies .
tr	10	Little Carol looked up as the sergeant came over and couldn 't help but return the smile .
tr	7	She changed into a fresh dress , put her hair in her customary bun , and then walked to the door .
tr	9	In the darkness , having no wood for a fire , Gunnar and Brand huddled together against the wailing winds .
tr	5	I 'm not sure yet .
tr	8	So , what could I do ?
tr	7	Shielding his eyes against the early afternoon sun , Kurt paused outside the door and scanned the plaza spread before him .
tr	11	He got his wish when he went inside to get his money .
tr	9	Leaning against the shelves , one could almost imagine it was sleeping .
tr	8	Turning away from the sight , she whispered to him , " We must go very quietly now , here . "
tr	7	Once within half a meter , they both immediately genuflect , their eyes to the ground .
tr	8	The house was filled to capacity , and Mac 's bed was the couch in the living room .
tr	8	Then when we got bored we sat him down in a chair outside on the main street .
tr	10	Only he did not know like she did about the dangers around the yard .
tr	7	The two incisions were so quick , Asst. Fowler barely had time to comprehend .
tr	8	He had seen her in action , she was formidable .
tr	7	His face was filled with despair .
tr	10	He was glad they were now on his side .
tr	8	" But what am I going to do ? "
tr	7	" Well then , what you need is some fresh air and Grasmere Gingerbread . "
tr	10	He was a bit optimistic with the number of spaces we built in the rifle racks .
tr	5	Despite his less-than sanitary practices , he took his profession very seriously .
tr	11	Honey it doesn 't hurt to have some options just in case . "
tr	8	" But if you do ... " " How many is that ? "
tr	9	The Prince tried to rise once more , but in vain .
tr	11	" What is going to happen to you ?
tr	6	All but six of the group held their hands in the air .
tr	10	" He owns a few Pharmacies in Italy and his son manages the one in Treviso for him .
tr	6	Finally at the end , they could see no one around .
tr	7	It was a woman in a white coat .
tr	10	" You won 't be able to keep up . "
tr	6	The chair directly across from him caught his attention .
tr	10	It would never do for them to get suspicious .
tr	8	" Oh God , there isn 't a problem with the room is there ? "
tr	7	By the time my laugh echoed down to Atticus , it sounded like a ghost moaning .
tr	9	Aria frowns trying to remember .
tr	10	If Ganondorf 's ambition is the twilight realm , there is only one place he could be now .
tr	6	" Fer cryin ' out loud , " he roared , " one at a time ! "
tr	10	" It is that hideous feeling you have presently .
tr	10	" Eat fast , " Sarah said when he 'd peeled off his jacket and sat down to his breakfast .
tr	7	* " You 're definitely a ' keeper ' , " said Robbie , " that was a great breakfast .
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	8	Jack took a seat on the edge of his desk .
tr	7	He stepped away from the gurney , holding up his hands .
tr	9	We thought about abandoning it , but we just can 't . "
tr	6	And then the company broke up for dessert and coffee buffet style in the great front room .
tr	10	Neil capitulated ; he obviously was dying to do a little spying .
tr	6	It 's too late , Devlin , so please , just accept it and let 's move on . "
tr	8	They looked around the dais and the ballroom , but in the disturbance , the former king had somehow disappeared .
tr	9	Kurt didn 't know what to say .
tr	8	get Mudd back in here ... . .
tr	10	Amanda shook her head as if to say , " no idea . "
tr	6	" What is your mission status , Colonel ? "
tr	7	They won 't hold it against you . "
tr	11	Then we 'll go see what 's what , " said Nelson .
tr	7	When we were almost there , I breathed a bit easier .
tr	11	Claire felt her jaw drop as she looked at her normally surly nephew .
tr	11	Burke stated that the only thing necessary for evil to triumph was for good men to do nothing .
tr	9	Leona 's accident was part of the start of things , now that he considered it in perspective .
tr	9	I 'm past Gabe before he can swing his weapon around .
tr	7	My voice could carry through these thin walls .
tr	9	This thug got one of my men killed !
tr	11	" You do know how to make a scene , don 't you Nathaniel ? "
tr	7	A rather desperate sounding seller had a three-year old model for sale for $ 99,000 .
tr	7	I rose from the bed , gathered my swords and guns , and left the room .
tr	10	Alex lay still a long time , long after Mirai had moved away to the terrace .
tr	5	What possible use is that ? "
tr	10	' I can see that could be useful . '
tr	6	He then threw it out the open window beside him .
tr	7	They saw no one , heard no sound .
tr	6	" Well , honey , I heard some bad news a little while ago , " Mom said uncertainly .
tr	6	" What on earth do you want , Virgil ?
tr	8	His cold eyes locking onto mine in the mirror .
tr	8	Ted has not heard another human voice in over a year .
tr	9	" Do they remember where it is ? "
tr	5	" Yes , " Tori and Hunter said and left .
tr	9	' Something more to look forward too , ' he thought .
tr	10	He 'd made a point of spreading money around locally .
tr	10	He breathed through his mouth and found that he could taste the stench .
tr	8	asked Eda more confused than ever .
tr	10	He still wasn 't sure what was going on or who was fighting .
tr	11	I have no idea what I 'll be going to . "
tr	9	Andy was finishing off the last of his meal and was on his third cup of tea .
tr	7	Balance this with your current projects and I 'll give you each a healthy bonus . "
tr	8	" I know how it is , " said the chief .
tr	9	Calvin said , ' We 've scored rejections from all three . '
tr	9	As if on cue , a cluster of Trojan Devices rocketed over our heads .
tr	10	It was rather glorious to sleep in a proper bed .
tr	10	I was proud that I stopped listen to my heart .
tr	6	" Just a little resistance , nothing we can 't handle , " Charlie says back .
tr	8	' I know you too well , ' the drummer said gripping his shoulder with compassion .
tr	11	John proceeded to go through his plan in meticulous detail .
tr	6	The two of them disappeared through the doorway , into the gloom .
tr	8	Aimee wanted me to save her grandfather .
tr	5	" What did Lady Adele say ? "
tr	10	" I am sorry that you were infected , but it happened .
tr	5	A terrible sexual hunger , raw and volatile , a craving she 'd never experienced .
tr	11	It looks to be several thousand strong , all cavalry with mounted archers . "
tr	11	She hesitated a second , wondering it was the proper time , and then finally spoke her mind .
tr	6	His hair was dark , his eyes almost black and he had old-world , ruggedly handsome features .
tr	10	Mai cheers , slapping her palms on the boy 's cheeks and hovering before him with an energetic smile .
tr	5	" You shouldn 't , " Ares answered , his gaze glittering .
tr	11	" Besides , I might still be able to reason with Jake . "
tr	9	It was time to take prisoners .
tr	11	' I have to admit , neither am I. ' ' It 's for the best , ' I said distractedly .
tr	10	Unless my husband shows my people that he can change .
tr	10	To get to know you . "
tr	11	Since they sat on a floor made of dimpled iron , this was next to impossible .
tr	9	Dane grabbed his arm and pulled him into the shelter of the bank .
tr	10	he asked displaying the blue Little Spirit Flag with white writing on black T-shirt .
tr	8	His bodyguards drew identical semi-automatic pistols from inside their coats and fell into step behind him .
tr	10	Fuchs is sure to have guards with him all the time . "
tr	11	She intrigued him and he needed to forget today .
tr	7	Its wooden body felt warm in her hands , and the silver buttons gleamed in the sunlight streaming into the room .
tr	9	Lex didn 't know what to say .
tr	10	Moving silently was a survival reflex that had become second nature .
tr	5	My voice cracks , mind cracks , memories rampaging , crushing boxes .
tr	9	I need you to come with me . "
tr	5	" No , " he admits .
tr	10	Poole blew loud , smacking kisses at her and returned to the cart , grunting to himself with great good humor .
tr	10	It must have been some kind of bug , I guess .
tr	10	If the Council heard you speaking like that , they 'd lock you up . "
tr	8	David replied , still in a deep state of shock .
tr	10	Warrior performs a barrel roll and the stars spin about in her field of view .
tr	9	I finished early and decided to save her the trip .
tr	6	, " " Golf Charlie ; three meters , over . "
tr	9	" I suppose it can be done . "
tr	11	" What do you want to bring with you , Seamus ? "
tr	10	Callum waited as Chrissie delivered four pewter mugs of draft .
tr	6	" So what happened on your date ? "
tr	8	The many ice shards sticking out of the target began to fall off him , as though they were melting .
tr	9	She turned back toward me with a finger to her lips and fear in her eyes .
tr	9	" If you two are done harping , can we discuss something of actual importance ? "
tr	11	He could barely hear her and imagined how she looked at him , but he could not turn , only listen .
tr	5	Moonstone , amethyst , citrine , quartz , obsidian , and a few others .
tr	10	We spent the weekend planting potatoes , talking gardening , greenhouses , and livestock while enjoying the Glen .
tr	6	Gabriel picked up the backpack and passed it over .
tr	8	My dad travels a lot and changes money at the airport all the time , " John interrupted impatiently .
tr	6	A wand was raised and , slowly , the rock wall separated and slowly opened .
tr	8	I brought my mind back to the present as I left the Human camp , to where the Sphinx lay .
tr	9	Skull hurriedly took hold of Sofia 's hand and lifted herself out the cleft .
tr	6	What did our mother 's voice sound like ?
tr	9	He stretched casually , looking for the server and waving four fingers at him .
tr	10	He asked , " Alfred planned to kill you ? "
tr	8	She eyed the cook , but Mrs. Williams was not looking at her .
tr	8	That I ... looked into your eyes different . "
tr	7	Marching into the whimsical village , the warlock has but one goal in mind .
tr	8	Riki muttered , her eyes glued to the scene .
tr	9	Do you have any ? "
tr	6	But we always fight by clans and tribes . "
tr	7	Adele smiled up at him , laughing again .
tr	6	I saw her face fully for the first time .
tr	8	It occurred to Conway that Falconer himself probably feared the outside .
tr	11	Josie was staring at Jimmy , wondering how many of these telepathic takeovers he could take .
tr	11	Ahmad turned to Tom and Jerry and spoke a curt series of commands in a language Alfred did not recognize .
tr	11	His heart beat so fast the little bristles of hair inside his ears stuck out .
tr	9	Everything will seem better after a cup of tea . "
tr	10	He felt a chill run down his spine as the other men laughed .
tr	8	The Counsel annoyed him , but they had good reason for their questions .
tr	9	I doubted he would tell me .
tr	7	A woman in an apron opened the door , her gray hair curled and stiff with hairspray .
tr	9	No doubt his absence has already been noticed in Lucien , and you know how fast rumor travels .
tr	6	John looked from one parent to the other .
tr	8	She had met Robbie for the first time just last night .
tr	7	He started laughing , his tone high and airy .
tr	7	He flew backwards and landed roughly on the pavement .
tr	5	The dogs and snakes soon found a common language .
tr	6	" You sound so serious , girlfriend , " Lance says with a quivering voice .
tr	6	As Ambrose , Phillip and Polonius arrived , the first of the steppe riders burst through the open gate .
tr	11	Who would want to visit me , with my present moodiness ?
tr	11	She would have to live there , and work there , in its darkness .
tr	11	She studied the flakes that were close to her .
tr	8	Finally , the last chasm is crossed , and the last door leading into a small room is opened .
tr	9	The motors got louder as the boats moved closer and then suddenly cut off .
tr	10	You can still be successful , let me help you . "
tr	7	" If you 're not on the crew , very little .
tr	7	I don 't question your abilities , I question your motives .
tr	8	She turns back toward the two women , frowns and asks , " Captain Drake ? "
tr	8	" I 'm too old for that stuff , " he chuckles , ignoring the meaningless threat .
tr	10	In addition , we 'll have to go through customs .
tr	7	When Jones displayed two more packets , they clapped their hands in unabashed delight .
tr	6	" Sure , " Lilly Ann replied quickly without further explanation .
tr	6	You can hardly walk , " he muttered , already conceding .
tr	9	Cade shook his head and lay back , staring up into the heavens .
tr	6	He was either very brave or very stupid or just very deluded about his own power .
tr	10	The engine was also powering the electronics and , I hoped , the undercarriage when I needed it .
tr	8	" Alfred sprung the news about Toby on me with the rest of this .
tr	7	Rick ignored the concern , " You got any plastic bags ? "
tr	10	It made no sense to leave that evening , so we again settled into the hut .
tr	7	" We 're to standby but make no contact . "
tr	11	" Fetch my smock , " he ordered a nearby private , who was sitting on the ground , sunning himself .
tr	9	" She could score if she was the goalie ! "
tr	8	Archie stepped down from the Comet 's wing and shook the man 's hand .
tr	9	Vital sparks of glowing red coming from the creature began to flow through his hand .
tr	6	" Well , ' fought ' isn 't quite the right word , " the priest said , sighing .
tr	10	Ben joined the torrent of other students making their way up the school steps .
tr	9	As the minister went on about the economy , Chris began to think about it too .
tr	9	Sebastian felt he was losing her .
tr	7	And there is the powerful smell of jasmine and clove .
tr	10	Lilly Ann was back after a short while cheerfully dangling a paper bag in front of his face .
tr	10	It was faint , similar to a wind through leaves , but different .
tr	8	He didn 't want to believe .
tr	7	And then the giant gave the barest hint of a nod .
tr	7	Headquarters platoon and 3rd platoon had been utterly wiped out .
tr	8	Anderson loved to teach and loved history .
tr	11	Gabriel 's voice turned dark and Alejo saw that he was gripping the wheel with white knuckles .
tr	11	Beside them , a man named Fletcher kept twirling his cap with nervousness .
tr	8	As they dropped below the crest , the noise subsided dramatically .
tr	7	With my heart pounding , holding my breath in the red or blue wells was out of the question .
tr	7	" The Pax Imperium has impressive numbers , doctor , so yes it is a possibility .
tr	9	It didn 't take long for one of the patrols to return .
tr	9	They could not tolerate the unsettled atmosphere of the cave since Black Scorpion had arrived .
tr	7	The immortal grunted , the grey eyes widening in shocked incredulity .
tr	6	" It 's not such a big deal , " she said , her voice unsteady .
tr	7	She took a step backwards and looked up at him .
tr	10	I heard you two were getting rather close . "
tr	6	" Very well , " Jim said , " What is the information ? "
tr	5	Shouting and there a spear , and there a bow and arrow .
tr	6	A siren beeped , then hushed , and Alejo 's eyes narrowed .
tr	6	" I 'm almost sixteen now , " I pushed my foot into a gap in the rock .
tr	10	Arranged in a crescent at the front of the group were a handful of men in charcoal grey .
tr	11	It took a good scare to remind her that she still needs me .
tr	5	Apart from their pinkness , they 're just ordinary souls .
tr	6	We did it -- " " Because we love you ! "
tr	9	It looked like her real legs were doing the walking .
tr	6	Good for years so I 've been told .
tr	10	He moved toward the door to see the new day in all its fullness and to breathe some morning air .
tr	8	Let 's see each other at the terrace in an hour .
tr	6	It is a pleasant thought , but in my experience , the gods are not nearly that accommodating .
tr	10	They got a couple of nice Cat loaders , but nobody except me and Dave know how to run em . "
tr	10	Of course that would bring the added difficulties of avoiding the crowds .
tr	10	It was as if they were in an entirely different world .
tr	8	John scrambled off Finn 's thrashing body and grabbed the rifle .
tr	7	The snow had tapered off , and the streets lay under a thick white sheet , tantalizingly pristine .
tr	10	Ignoring them , I crossed to the reception desk and the girl greeted me with a professional smile .
tr	9	Rupert held up his hand to stop Alejo .
tr	9	Xenophobia exists , rampant then , to prevent competition and maintain the status quo .
tr	8	" Did you hear that ?
tr	8	The numbers on the indicator panel above the elevator had started to glow .
tr	9	I didn 't have a moment to think .
tr	8	" When Church hears what you said -- " He twisted her arm , made her gasp .
tr	8	" Did you find the string we needed ? "
tr	7	Catching on , Haskins said , " Now , wait a minute ... " Barney interrupted .
tr	9	" Take some kindling and a big stack of wood and set it up in the fireplace like I showed you .
tr	7	" Nothing of any import , I 'm afraid . "
tr	6	" What about Mrs. Mason ? "
tr	8	" We need to leave - now .
tr	11	" Well , what do we have here ? "
tr	8	She is in total denial and will not discuss the situation with anyone .
tr	9	Her long tail came within reach of Noah and she felt his tiny sharp teeth grip her tail tip .
tr	7	Every sip he took made him more awake and alert .
tr	9	She tried to hide it , never cried .
tr	8	There was close to four thousand dollars .
tr	9	" He 's here to rescue them , " Andy thought .
tr	9	" What the FUCK - " was all he could get out before I let the next four blow .
tr	9	David said as he poked his head in the cottage .
tr	8	With a thought I bid it to release electricity , shocking the men around it .
tr	8	they knew what they were doing .
tr	7	" There 's no one here , " Simon said , glancing around .
tr	10	As the drums begin to sound , every soul in the fortress emerges to discover the meaning of the commotion .
tr	8	The smell of dried wood was familiar and comforting as they uncovered the pile .
tr	7	I 'll get the fire started . "
tr	10	" He won 't want to leave you alone in the house . "
tr	6	I should stop , but I don 't .
tr	6	After takeoff , the plane had headed east .
tr	8	She loved animals and for long periods of her life she chose her place of residence next to the zoo .
tr	6	Just as fast as it comes , the anger empties from my mind .
tr	10	Laid out before us were thousands of Trojan Devices .
tr	5	' It 's our new Police Commissioner Mr Slattery .
tr	5	ON THE WHOLE , I THINK THAT WENT VERY WELL , DON 'T YOU ?
tr	5	" No , Iraq , " replied VIN casually .
tr	5	Suddenly a strange loud noise broke our silence and pace .
tr	7	' I 've always thought it an archaic rule .
tr	6	He never really fancied me : It was all an act .
tr	9	He would eat and then go for a swim , he thought .
tr	8	She practically climbed over him to enter the room .
tr	10	She nodded and swam towards the hand he now offered .
tr	9	The path slanted uphill as it curved towards the mountain .
tr	8	It 's like six in the afternoon !
tr	11	" I know you , War Chief Col. I am unharmed , thanks to your son . "
tr	7	he replied in disbelieve , " The girls love this .
tr	7	Special Agent Franks reached out and pressed the call button for the elevator .
tr	9	They would come from an eastern direction , and would therefore be the riders on his left .
tr	11	He said while trying to hold her hand .
tr	6	He wore only a crude canvas loincloth , and his hair and beard were long and matted .
tr	9	I tried to keep the hurt from my voice .
tr	9	I had to keep going .
tr	10	She looked as though her world was coming apart at the seams .
tr	5	And besides , the stolen stuff usually finds its way back eventually . "
tr	8	" OK , young man , that is enough . "
tr	9	Because he deserves to know .
tr	6	Gabe puts the cup to my lips .
tr	10	' We heard what happened from the Bastian Hunters , ' he said gruffly when we walked through the doors .
tr	6	" How long have I been out ? "
tr	10	She will kill herself before you can stop her .
tr	11	The war , of course , was a major issue , as were the actions after the Battle of Fulton .
tr	11	Funny how coffee can give a common cause to the most unlikely of meetings .
tr	6	" Jimmy , that is ridiculous , " Josie declared .
tr	5	" Valiant , foolish gentlemen , " he repeated .
tr	9	' Isn 't that a bit much ? '
tr	5	That , s Stuart , s doctor right there , Dr. Cutler .
tr	11	Far below , he could see a deserted park that led to a deep , dark forest .
tr	9	They took the birds to Waving Willow , and she exclaimed how good they had done .
tr	9	Do you have the fragment ? "
tr	7	If they try that stunt again , ask them for a " riding coupon " .
tr	8	" I believe you do , " was the reply .
tr	11	No wonder he agreed to answer questions .
tr	11	I want to see what I got here . "
tr	6	Between that and the bath , he was soon asleep .
tr	7	He patted a little crippled kid on the head .
tr	6	She stopped , feigned surprise , and then grinned .
tr	9	He quickly dressed , put on a white camouflage suit and balaclava .
tr	6	" That I do ... " and then the Master Banker sat up straighter .
tr	7	The truck started to climb .
tr	10	He tried to keep the doubt out of his voice , but it didn 't quite work .
tr	10	" Make certain it is done today . "
tr	7	All the times her father mentioned her natural charm , she never truly understood what he meant .
tr	9	The strong shoulders of Alejo 's father finally slanted as he crumpled back into the chair , desolate .
tr	9	The blood raced beneath my skin , roiling and boiling at this boy 's balls .
tr	9	She can be in the chorus , just not the lead , " Lance laments .
tr	9	The management subcommittee of the board also needed to be notified immediately .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , sir , " said the polite and cheerful voice .
tr	8	And did you know I saw Mom ?
tr	8	" I 've never heard of that , " said Goodspeed , leaping over a mall bench .
tr	7	Once they reached the other side , Aiden came to a stop and turned to them .
tr	7	The story it reminded her of , had made a huge impression on her young mind .
tr	11	He said you tried to kill someone .
tr	6	" Eh , it 's probably nothing , " Another guard said without much interest .
tr	6	It was a beautiful day , the sun was shining and the sky only had a few random fluffy white clouds .
tr	9	Be careful to not be seen .
tr	10	It was a huge white wolf , growling furiously with its fierce eyes on her .
tr	9	The boys excused themselves and went looking for the laptop .
tr	9	She turned away , and began to pack her belongings .
tr	9	I 'll get Kevin to show you around . "
tr	7	They eventually found another more secure way down and after almost 30 metres reached the shelter floor .
tr	9	Liam tries to grab for her .
tr	11	They are supposed to be part of Fisher . "
tr	8	Or maybe even say sorry ?
tr	7	" Yeah , but the dance is in four days , " Stacy said .
tr	6	" There 's nothing left , " he said , stunned .
tr	7	The guide , a tanned woman in her twenties , looked directly at them .
tr	9	" With me , " the patriarch nods , gesturing toward the boy and stepping between the guards .
tr	10	It flew threw the air and came to me .
tr	6	" It 's Kitzhaber , " Parnell explained the open door .
tr	9	Behind him , he could hear the faint echo of the guards arguing .
tr	6	With luck , we can save the new king . "
tr	8	Theodosia snapped his name as she entered the room .
tr	8	' On the contrary , ' said Victor , his eyes never leaving my face .
tr	9	He would have to rectify that .
tr	7	He had a file on me .
tr	8	He collected weapons , ammo , and anything else of use as quickly as he could .
tr	8	Something to do with my dad ?
tr	8	You 'll be working with the new government .
tr	7	" I can control it , " I tell Lo .
tr	7	Scott turned his attention to the little girl and smiled .
tr	10	The family had taken their horses but had left behind full bales of stacked hay .
tr	7	Unfortunately Calvin 's bass waddled into the celebration less welcome than a stoned hippo .
tr	7	That evening , Timothy sends Amelia a posthumous email : Amelia , Performed my first cadaver dissection today .
tr	7	Clipping on his safety line he opened the wide door to starboard .
tr	5	Sounds silly , doesn 't it ?
tr	9	His mind flashed back to the memories of the rapist , and he was suddenly violently sick .
tr	8	He ignored my plea " Where are we going ? "
tr	8	Death from above , he thought to himself as he sought out another target .
tr	9	" Are we ready to go ? "
tr	7	I closed the phone , crying even much harder then before .
tr	7	She swung the gauntlet over her head ; the black hand and fingers shuddering madly like a demonic mannequin .
tr	10	I don 't see why they would start now . "
tr	10	She got the courage to focus on his eyes .
tr	11	Mariposa said , " Always keep track of the tree with the beehive .
tr	11	The decline wasn 't steep , but was enough to make everyone look as though some imaginary force was pushing them .
tr	7	He was watching me with a suspicious frown .
tr	9	He fumbled for his rifle as the crouching man fell onto his side , twitching but already dead .
tr	9	" What 's going to happen ? "
tr	9	The rear three cargo compartments will have smaller side doors underneath the larger spacecraft 's two long roof doors .
tr	5	" Yes , William , " she answered his silent question .
tr	9	I tried not to bump tables and knock over the vases holding roses as I weaved between them .
tr	9	He drew an arm back , and punched the man full in the face .
tr	9	He got inside just in time to get ready for the first wolf .
tr	5	Five meter advance , ten second barrage ... go ! "
tr	10	He looked to have benefited immensely .
tr	11	Eventually , the man was promoted to be the minister of finance .
tr	8	King Martin opened his mouth to speak , forming a response to his attackers .
tr	8	Am I coming where ? "
tr	5	And yet , it was not , not now , she that really counted .
tr	10	Stalin and Gabriel crunched their way out of the foliage , staring at her standing there in bare feet .
tr	8	" Don 't get me wrong , " he slurred opening two fresh beers .
tr	6	probably more than I make in a year . "
tr	9	" I wish you could see your face .
tr	7	The conversation dwindled , and Malcolm asked in a threatening voice .
tr	8	The light relaxed Marcus , put his soul at ease .
tr	8	Chris nodded and the two started walking again .
tr	8	Chances are we 'll die .
tr	7	" I didn 't exactly hide it , " Gordon answered slowly , now on his feet , his legs free .
tr	6	His words puffed out with each breath .
tr	9	Magically , he 'd taken his step , gone beyond childhood to young manhood .
tr	6	The kid 's shake was firm yet warm , and Ethan quickly mirrored his smile .
tr	10	Dear Mom and Dad , Well , David 's been gone for a little over a month now .
tr	9	My father doesn 't want to be found " .
tr	7	She was now more aware of him as a man .
tr	9	The remainder of the Highlanders ' 1st Battalion was moving into a perimeter around the bunker .
tr	9	" I 'll be ever so good for ever so many months .
tr	5	" Did you say ' warm ' water ? "
tr	9	' Yes , ' I said , not showing the least sign of remorse .
tr	10	I just had this rather pleasant vision of all three sisters being reunited again .
tr	6	They 're in the dining room . "
tr	7	I 'm going to also .
tr	7	" The driver knows his trade and these roads a lot better than we do .
tr	10	I felt my blisters start to disappear .
tr	7	I will pass your message to William .
tr	7	Mrs. Jackson was a nice-looking lady with medium length brown hair .
tr	9	We 'll camp here for the night unless anyone has any objections . "
tr	9	She 's going to be okay .
tr	6	She turned her face to me , easily scared .
tr	8	Frowning , he focused through the Link on where she was .
tr	10	happened before I came home from Pakistan , we never really talked about that .
tr	10	Simon remembered the fun he had in the park .
tr	7	He looked at Eddie in the chair , he was sweating profusely and almost hyper ventilating .
tr	10	In the center of the trefoil leaves were the last remnants of the morning dew , hidden in the shade .
tr	10	" Just let the club do the work and slow down , " had been his advice , he should know .
tr	8	" I suppose I have no choice . "
tr	10	He supposed the sight might once have been impressive .
tr	6	This startled both the guards and the woman .
tr	8	Without it , our beautiful and peaceful home would be plunged into hysteria .
tr	8	After dinner the three of them sat chatting together for a long time .
tr	11	It happened so fast nobody had a chance to react .
tr	6	I can 't find the stars .
tr	5	" Psst , kitten , " said Loki 's voice .
tr	11	They would set up at a good defensive position where they could provide support to Nathan .
tr	11	He squeezed until Ted felt that his windpipe would collapse .
tr	6	" If I succeed , I hang out here with you for six months a year . "
tr	9	I begged him to kiss me and at first he was hesitant .
tr	7	The other hunters may figure it out eventually but the rest of the town wouldn 't notice his absence at all .
tr	10	And no efforts by the forces of darkness would be able to prevent this .
tr	5	" At least it 's a chance ! "
tr	9	If we wait until she dies , we may have a dozen more to deal with .
tr	8	Then she steps from behind the screen and I lose all my words .
tr	7	Wearing a tailored , brown suede jacket , dress pants , and a V-neck long-sleeved shirt , he dressed to impress .
tr	6	Lyn , for some reason , seemed both disappointed and disgusted at the same time .
tr	6	" At eighteen , you are not really of any concern to social services .
tr	9	" You will do what you are told .
tr	7	Once Virgil was asleep I laid him on a board and covered him with a spare shirt .
tr	9	The abrasive voice pooled out of his mouth like some foul drink , and I loathed this interloper immediately .
tr	6	And who might you be , and where exactly am I ? "
tr	11	The corn was tall and had tassels that had turned brown .
tr	9	She was facing a man of many-sided attitude and she cannot think of a good talking point .
tr	10	The sound more than anything startled her horse , who shied violently , nearly unseating her .
tr	8	She murmured , squeezing her eyes shut .
tr	11	I shifted my weight , let my legs curl , and prepared to leap .
tr	8	" You will mete out punishment to me , he would not have been so kind .
tr	6	Apparently Becca felt differently -- or maybe not , maybe she felt exactly the same way , and it scared her .
tr	8	If this was Tork 's attempt at humour , I was not amused .
tr	6	" It was his , " I mumbled to myself .
tr	11	I myself have never seen him change in the years the quest has been in my charge . "
tr	9	" The chair is waiting , if you 're ready . "
tr	7	I glanced around and asked the most immediate one .
tr	10	Dividing the cost five ways still won 't work ; it 's not enough . "
tr	9	" People call me Morrie of High Crag , " the man said .
tr	9	Ha , forgot your granddaughter can listen did you ?
tr	9	Malcolm was stumbling up the stairs with some blonde hanging off him .
tr	8	I promise you ... you would regret , " she said with a wobbly voice , slowly taking reversed steps .
tr	10	Hear what she had to say .
tr	5	Laser lights , flashing strobes , and colorful spotlights lit the dance floor .
tr	8	" Yeah , sure , I love playing with kids .
tr	10	He saw the world through a haze of static as he felt himself slowly slipping away .
tr	10	A few bricks had fallen to the base of the structure but it looked to be otherwise holding .
tr	7	What a charmer we have ! "
tr	9	How can I be smaller than a size zero ?
tr	9	We also did a thorough back ground check on your new man Connor Moylan which is rather interesting .
tr	8	" No that receives the power transmitted by the power supply . "
tr	6	Both looked back to the warrior .
tr	7	Throwing the cushions to the floor , he squeezed himself into the tiny seat .
tr	9	" He 's the Prince of Ravens , we can 't trust him , " she said stubbornly .
tr	8	" Nothing to do with it , " said Jon , defending Alison 's honor .
tr	11	We settled down and waited for the partygoers to pass out and mused on who they were having for dinner tonight .
tr	10	You would have thought nothing had changed .
tr	9	My parents were American , but I never applied for my American citizenship after the age of eighteen . "
tr	11	He continued to work as fast as he could .
tr	9	Sixty canisters could fit inside the larger cargo areas of the shuttles .
tr	6	He pointed at the second broken tractor .
tr	7	" Guess that didn 't work out particularly well , " she said .
tr	6	" He 's probably still plucking up courage .
tr	9	" Just ask him to let you pass .
tr	10	" You better sit on it like a swing the first time , legs out away from the tree . "
tr	10	He slowed , allowing me to catch up .
tr	9	" A thousand gold pieces is enough for any sane man to do anything , " Antonio said .
tr	10	" Tell the captain to remain on station .
tr	7	The voice was lilting and almost conversational , he dropped the gun .
tr	5	" Shut up , lapdog , this isn 't your fight , either . "
tr	10	I leaned in , and for Eva , said " It 'll be short .
tr	11	But words were only words , to be bartered and traded and used even more readily than coin .
tr	9	He would take no sides , and see what happened .
tr	10	Benji seemed to like hearing that .
tr	11	Who would ever order that in a place like this ?
tr	8	I can 't tell you anything else about the future .
tr	6	And this girl in front of him .
tr	6	Its ears were up , but its eyes were closed .
tr	7	Still he had found nothing , but something was there .
tr	9	The time for making war was in the summer , but this year they were starting early .
tr	5	more the speed and the accent than anything else .
tr	7	First of all , Take that tape off of Melody 's mouth ! "
tr	7	Despite my rush , I was dreadfully conscience of the danger .
tr	10	This is the second thing I do for inspiration .
tr	8	" Before you do anything stupid , let me explain the situation to you . "
tr	10	" I 'm going to translate for them .
tr	11	" The guy whose wife tried to transport the Liquid Light ? "
tr	10	She 'd seen them before though , three of the Council members had hand mirrors .
tr	9	" They used to put sugar in coke . "
tr	9	" I first saw you the day your father took me on a bear hunt .
tr	10	It was a peacock blue accenting her eyes and showing off her long , tanned legs .
tr	9	It 's where the economics of the game dictated .
tr	11	A blast of blue energy fires from her nostrils to sizzle ahead of the soaring biomechanical dragon .
tr	8	I 've got to pack .
tr	10	I knew where I needed to go .
tr	5	To her complete shock , it worked this time .
tr	8	The man was sitting there , smoking , listening to the radio .
tr	10	They have to make you stop fighting .
tr	8	Perhaps you know a great deal about this issue , " said Alfred .
tr	10	" Sure you want to know ? "
tr	9	Then what I feared happened .
tr	10	I can see Gabe 's laptop sitting on the table and the ridges on the lamp 's twist dial .
tr	10	" She 'll get worried if I don 't turn up and ... . "
tr	6	Then you use the soap , here , and scrub yourself all over . "
tr	8	" Not from the castle , " he realizes , reading Rift 's expression .
tr	8	The deep ochre shade of those eyes made him look even more dangerous .
tr	9	He went to the gate to survey the damage to the lock .
tr	7	I stand up , dizzy and weak , and drop the cat 's body into an alleyway dumpster .
tr	9	He had to be harder to deal with it .
tr	8	But I still had to save him .
tr	7	He leaned forward and placed his hands on his knees expectantly .
tr	6	Taylor replied on many occasions .
tr	8	She took the animal from him quickly , before he could topple .
tr	11	If I 'd known you were that tough I 'd have killed you in Costa Rica .
tr	6	" I am so sorry , Sarah , " he said .
tr	9	" He will be much safer there , and it will be better for you as well .
tr	6	Rita : tall , sexy , blonde hair ; blue pupils , manicured purple fingernails , lavender gown , lavender tiara .
tr	9	He halted sharply as Adele caught his ear and squeezed none too gently .
tr	7	In the bright light of intermittent lightning , he saw other ships across the water .
tr	10	Glancing up , toward the steeple , he understood then they were coming from the church .
tr	11	Hear the tale I have to tell .
tr	9	I got in , paid and took a seat somewhere in the back , watching the rain splashing the window .
tr	7	A long trestle table held a collection of jars , tubes and bottles , full of brightly coloured liquids .
tr	9	So they thought spirits became stars , and their empress was the sun .
tr	7	I raised the katana and blocked the fatal blow in time .
tr	7	Like a force of nature the blaze burned everything in its wake and filled it with molten lava .
tr	6	' So , what brings you to Paris ? '
tr	10	The carbonate coating has been applied and polished to give him a shiny black appearance .
tr	6	The sound of a little girl giggling drew Mary 's attention to Chase , Chloe , and Emma , their daughter .
tr	11	Do you think anyone else got away ? '
tr	11	Everyone took a sip of whatever was in their hands .
tr	7	Mark walked over to the struggling Jimmy and put a hand on his shoulder .
tr	11	He put down his beer as he decided to do a little detective work himself .
tr	10	The sheriff almost choked on his coffee when he started to laugh .
tr	7	' Well , what do you know ? '
tr	10	She intended her tone to be playful and teasing , but the hurt had crept in somehow .
tr	10	I spent the later half of the day searching for food .
tr	8	What I meant was , something -- out of the ordinary , mysterious -- unnatural even ? '
tr	8	" Do you still believe that ? "
tr	9	" Hold on a sec , while I watch this , dear , " she said and the screen went blank .
tr	8	" Very well , have a mince pie , ; it 'll put some flesh on your bones .
tr	7	Some nights he wouldn 't come to bed until two or three in the morning . "
tr	5	" That 's Jim ! "
tr	5	You did murder his brother after all . "
tr	8	He saw Raven slumped to the floor .
tr	7	The room looked new and was obviously part of a recent addition .
tr	8	Loved how dragons and humans worked together .
tr	7	I looked up and saw a person standing in the living room doorway .
tr	9	Why we need to eat whale ?
tr	9	I opened it and in front of me was standing a very beautiful girl .
tr	10	Adele smiled as she lifted Eda 's silken hair back from her face and pulled a comb through its luxuriant length .
tr	8	' Well , that should help your case , at least , ' he said with a sigh .
tr	9	Ben hobbled over to the grizzly remains of the building he once owned .
tr	9	Nowhere did they find any windows , or doors opening into streets or courts .
tr	10	That told me all I needed to know .
tr	6	Smiling broadly , Shepherd says , " You 're right , as always , Jacques .
tr	6	The stranger scowls and reaches into his long black leather jacket .
tr	8	He had an excellent view of the street and the entrance to his own small building .
tr	6	Dane aims the gun , shoots the dart , and lands a perfect shot right in the left buttock .
tr	11	" Do we know where to start ? "
tr	7	Take a foothold on Mars , set up a logistics base and clone the invasion force onsite . "
tr	6	She 's our daughter and we just got her back ! "
tr	11	Here all manner of chieftain and dignitary would be present for the mass harvest of fish available .
tr	6	" I know , but you are safe now .
tr	6	" Sit farther , " Samantha whispered and Alex scooted the chair away from the table .
tr	9	The magnitude of their hearts , the passion of their bodies drew them closer .
tr	8	The emperors have committed crimes against nature . "
tr	5	There is pain enough already .
tr	10	Then he said what she never expected : " I can see .
tr	10	The points are jagged but will come from the shaft if pulled away . "
tr	10	A patrol car raced past us , lights flashing brightly in the night .
tr	6	All three of them felt the mood change in the room .
tr	10	Her heart raced but she nodded her head in acceptance and placed it in her skirt pocket .
tr	9	I assess his aura , looking for his true emotions , but , as always , they follow his face .
tr	11	I wouldn 't want this dumped on anyone much less us . "
tr	8	They 've put Fuchs in the north tower .
tr	7	Tears glistened in her eyes , but her anger burned through them with searing heat .
tr	5	" Ladies , my brother Carlton , and my cousin Antonio . "
tr	8	We need to head off now .
tr	11	Therefore , there is bound to be a leaning towards militancy by some elements .
tr	7	When he stood up again , Chris couldn 't help himself .
tr	10	His eyes narrowed when he took in our attire and the swords at my waist .
tr	9	We raised up from our table after drinking our coffees and we went on the road back to the hotel .
tr	9	I don 't know what you 're talking about !
tr	9	He 'd been gone for years , and endured countless risks to get home .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	In its place was a cauldron of mixed emotions .
tr	9	We 'll see where his loyalties lie , " said Jacob .
tr	6	" That 's not an excuse and you know it .
tr	9	The old man got up , thanked Sophia , and left her with the chalice as a parting gift .
tr	10	When the time comes I 'm going to join them on their mission .
tr	9	There 's an outfit in there for you .
tr	9	" Gabriel shouldn 't have to watch this .
tr	6	The metallic residual of the electronic components kills both the flowers and the trees .
tr	10	" So , this is why they have come to our lands . "
tr	6	Fear that Rachael as well as the children would eventually suffer a terrible fate .
tr	9	She looked into his eyes as he handed her the sweater and her face was bathed in red from gaudy chandelier .
tr	7	As a member of the British Commonwealth , the Dominion of New Zealand has full standing with the Crown .
tr	8	Raine was content to stand .
tr	8	The city will never be yours -- you are last in line and always will be .
tr	7	" Where the hell would he have put it , " she thought .
tr	9	He could see that she was afraid .
tr	10	" I 'm going to go back to the command post .
tr	9	" 006 is right inside that hanger , third window down . "
tr	5	Strong , steady energy behind it .
tr	8	" It has to happen right .
tr	6	" I am not so sure , there was something so strange about him today .
tr	9	No , the reason there is no crime or violence is because I do not allow it .
tr	9	Unable to halt my momentum , I skidded on the floor .
tr	6	From behind the stranger , Jimmy had sprung back up .
tr	8	For some reason the words , despite their truth , made Claire feel low .
tr	8	He paused , his voice coming with difficulty .
tr	6	" Why do you even set it ? "
tr	8	The old man doesn 't seem to notice .
tr	8	Rafe halted abruptly , recalling Adele and Eda 's presence .
tr	8	I need to tell you .
tr	8	She did not return the pressure but her hand remained limp in his .
tr	11	There were three that carried bows and quivers of arrows .
tr	11	" You wouldn 't know anything about that would you ? "
tr	8	He drifted over to Frank , extending his hand with a smile .
tr	9	" The healers said that I could be up again tomorrow .
tr	9	The cold water revived him , and he was ready to go .
tr	9	Alan was happy walking with Janice .
tr	10	" Not bad , " said the Devil , " For an amateur . "
tr	6	" For God 's sakes woman , I fed your sister to a serial killer on a silver platter .
tr	9	His team snorted and pawed nervously , raising shingles from the roof .
tr	10	Crikey Calvin what did you eat ?
tr	6	Her eyes were hard and disapproving , but at least she held back her insults .
tr	9	Sometimes , it seemed to him as if the captain didn 't like his job very much .
tr	10	" I knew you would say that , " Taylor laughed .
tr	7	" Okay , but what about Rob and Dave ?
tr	7	The heart had turned gray .
tr	7	That was one constant on any shore : servants always talked .
tr	11	" Do you guys know where you 're going ? "
tr	8	So kid , what have you decided to do next ? "
tr	6	' Oh boy , ' Anatole murmured behind me .
tr	7	Lisa turns away from Aria , puts her head against the hull , closes her eyes and shudders slightly .
tr	9	That was -- better , ' I muttered distractedly .
tr	10	That was definitely something to be scared of .
tr	11	She knew the time of watching over him would soon come to an end .
tr	7	" Grand was Thane 's eldest son , and he wanted revenge . "
tr	9	" The TDF brass will be shuttling up from Earth in about an hour .
tr	7	I 'm Bethany , my two boys Joshua and David , and my husband Nathan .
tr	9	It had never left Rafe 's father 's side during all his years of service to King Ine .
tr	5	still no sign of either Gema or Wendy .
tr	8	" Friend , you see that it 's silver , yes ?
tr	7	" You don 't play fair , " he pouted .
tr	6	The force of the explosion carried to them as a heavy push to the stomach .
tr	7	The lights went on and the men poured into the lab .
tr	11	asked Simon feeling impatient " He didn 't want to be here when you returned . "
tr	6	" Greetings , Council of the Confederacy , " Phoebe greets blandly .
tr	6	" Oh , come on , " she teased , " aren 't you curious ? "
tr	5	After the first boy , the next two were not chosen .
tr	8	she yelled , bursting with excitement .
tr	10	He could hear them mumbling and asking among themselves what he was doing , but he ignored them .
tr	10	That 's the reason the lights are showing orange .
tr	8	" Viv , you 're my sister and , sad as it is , I know nothing about you .
tr	9	" We can 't afford to waste anymore time or resources .
tr	9	The man captured her thoughts as days went by and their destination came closer and closer .
tr	8	shouted a centurion named Horatio .
tr	7	Hailey and her family of eight slept well in the new brick stack .
tr	5	For most kids , a cold or flu is just a minor inconvenience .
tr	9	There 's plenty of other things to worry about just now . "
tr	7	He blinked his eyes several times and just stared at the ground .
tr	8	Do you know anything about this Fuchs ? "
tr	10	" You are my reason for being here , now , " Shade replied .
tr	11	Tori finally decided that she should tell Daniel about the basic stuff .
tr	7	Five or six nurses in white were framing the bed , grim and sober .
tr	6	" Then we kill him , " Pete said , " And the bitch ? "
tr	10	Everyone was ready to go to the crematorium .
tr	6	" What if somebody else is down there ? '
tr	10	They must 've gotten lost somewhere along the way . "
tr	10	It was a sight that struck wonder and awe in their collective spirit .
tr	5	Then , in a swift pace he left the two behind .
tr	8	Try to run and we shoot yer mum , yeah ? "
tr	9	In a way ... Is there anything I can do to stop it ?
tr	11	She was a bit surprised to see Alita handcuffed to me .
tr	7	Then he looked down and watched his chest wounds silently heal .
tr	5	" The left fork , you say ?
tr	10	' After all , Marcus , you tried to kill his only son and successor . '
tr	7	Relocate the tape at least a hundred yards in every direction .
tr	9	He could see Brad laughing through the window .
tr	6	My goodness gracious , goodness , goodness gracious , " Marian Byrne chanted , her voice filled with alarm .
tr	9	He didn 't appear to breathe , but his neck began pulsating .
tr	10	he answered and pulled out the digital camera , " Who wants -- " " Oooh , me , me ! "
tr	8	A ball of fire in the sky ; what could it mean ?
tr	9	You don 't want to miss this .
tr	6	Our people in Ledbury couldn 't figure it out . "
tr	8	The driver , a man with red hair and a friendly countenance , gave us an amiable nod over his shoulder .
tr	11	Destroyed by a son and brother who tipped over the edge .
tr	9	I 'll tell you about it on the way there . "
tr	7	Riki darted forward and shoved more food onto a dish .
tr	10	" We wanted to improve the civilisation of the Earth . "
tr	11	Adele 's voice was uncertain , and looking into her eyes Rafe saw that they were clouded with worry .
tr	5	You remembered my birthmark . "
tr	10	" I didn 't say you didn 't understand science .
tr	8	" I have beheld the Star at the Dawn , and we obey . "
tr	8	We need to go , now . "
tr	5	Nowhere in the building did anything rattle or shatter , or break .
tr	8	" Does this mean that I am forgiven ? "
tr	7	" Brianna , come in the pool , " a boy shouts from inside the pool .
tr	5	On the inside , instead of the traditional two rows , the bus had only one .
tr	6	Alfred recognized the tuxedo and bouncy blond hair .
tr	6	" Big you say ... good for you ... maybe good for me too . "
tr	9	And don 't mess him up too bad , huh ? "
tr	6	To Claude and Claudine , my peculiarity was a rare gift , and I was a lucky woman .
tr	9	As for being whipped , we 're only whipped if you think so .
tr	7	By the end of his second , he had settled down .
tr	10	" I don 't mean to distract you from your conversation .
tr	11	You know my brother loved the sport of hunting , and he often spent summers away from us .
tr	8	" Well at least you still know how to fly .
tr	11	" I understand , General , " said the Sergeant Major as he and his commander strode out the door .
tr	10	I pulled my phone from my pocket and with one touch put it on camera mode .
tr	5	Heavens no , I meant earlier in the evening .
tr	11	A rough hand clamped across her mouth , sending rays of pains surging though her skull .
tr	11	" It 's amazing you picked this up ; it 's a highly optimized system , " said Jacob .
tr	9	He stopped when he spotted a familiar face in the crowd .
tr	6	She stumbled down the expansive beach , the sands sticky beneath her bare feet .
tr	6	For the next few hours , Harrison ran Jeff and several other crew members through sword fighting drills .
tr	10	It is your choice what to do now .
tr	9	" Yes , it 's the way your people like it . "
tr	8	The gym was deserted and the two girls went to work .
tr	7	A blade slides between my skin and the cuffs .
tr	6	Jamie growled , then managed , " So ... do you ... " She gazed down at him .
tr	11	Sarah had to admit , between the rain and the blood pouring down her face , it was difficult to see .
tr	8	" It is with great pride that I join BDF fleet .
tr	11	His sweat slicked the hilt of the sword , making it twist in his hand .
tr	6	Video messages on the web and every major news outlet .
tr	7	" Just a small little venture , " he chuckled , " nothing very big . "
tr	10	Throw in some new information and surprise him with ferocity , and he 'll never know what hit him . "
tr	9	Being passed off as dollars on the Rump .
tr	8	They look like people but their souls are stuffed with cotton wool .
tr	9	" ... totally exhausted , " Gabe 's voice in the background .
tr	9	" I think you look good , Sweetie . "
tr	7	" Keep your distance , " he adds , ignoring the question .
tr	11	Do you want me to stay ? "
tr	8	The next morning , I was ready to go .
tr	8	Hold on , who are you actually ? "
tr	7	It could 've been a rated R violent movie scene .
tr	6	" Drink your tea , " Donovan said quietly .
tr	9	" Nice ... I mean you look nice . "
tr	6	A flashlight 's beam bobbed in and out of sight behind trees and bushes .
tr	7	You both have run out of time ! "
tr	11	" That 's all you have to say ?
tr	6	Her eyes widened in horror .
tr	11	Judith had developed a bad head cold so they were using the toilet paper as tissues .
tr	9	' I think he might still be alive . '
tr	6	I raised the book above my head .
tr	6	And ... " My mind spins and comes up empty .
tr	9	He decided the bare truth would work best .
tr	10	I mean , you 've already proven you 're up to the task . "
tr	7	But if a wolf or cougar shows up , you 'll be hugging it .
tr	8	The footprints are everywhere , around Dane 's tent , our tent , the SUV , and the fire .
tr	7	They took aim and swung the ram at the inset pedestrian door .
tr	10	We must carefully record these bodies and then take them back to base camp for analysis .
tr	9	As quickly as Joe had regained his composure , he lost it again .
tr	7	The man wearing a beautifully tailored apparel was his father , no other than the King himself .
tr	10	I 'll have another wee dram whilst you 're there , Jennie , my lass ... .
tr	8	I made a scene of sickness at that thought , making Abby laugh .
tr	8	" That 's really no more than the obvious , " said Jacob .
tr	10	It seemed to refuse to set .
tr	9	The walls of the basement family room were almost completely lined with wooden shelves that his father had built .
tr	8	The walk to her favorite table overlooking the East River always led her past conversations in at least three different languages .
tr	9	Suddenly two mages appeared beside Ezra and they released concussive blasts and chaos ensued once more .
tr	9	This is the Path , these things are meant to frighten lesser men .
tr	9	The music clings to each breath of wind and the calm in between .
tr	10	The area then degenerated into competing city-states until the Yucatán was conquered by the Spanish .
tr	11	See how you 've started breathing again ?
tr	10	Inside the small room , he shoves a bookcase aside with little effort revealing a secret passage leading down .
tr	9	I didn 't even know it was you ! "
tr	11	" Have you ever thought about why the glass is transparent ? "
tr	9	" What 's it gon na be hero ?
tr	9	" Anything I might help with ? "
tr	8	The priest walked away , waving out the match flame , and his footsteps echoed in the underground silence .
tr	10	Michael hugged Penny in her space suit for a long time before he had let her go .
tr	9	There it would stand on its prey and pull it apart with its great hooked beak .
tr	9	The wound in her thigh had started bleeding afresh , and she had another gash across her ribs .
tr	10	" When were you planning to head back to the LBL Park ? "
tr	7	In a few moments the lock snaps open and I remove it and the heavy bar from the door .
tr	6	" Why should I have been ? "
tr	8	" A horrific storm came up near the northeastern coast of Africa .
tr	10	It was like looking into a mirror -- eight years ago .
tr	6	The other two people in the waiting room were beautiful male actors , probably not much older than me .
tr	6	Suddenly , the door flew open and Jeff burst into the room frantically .
tr	6	The bruises along his jaw and cheekbone stood out like dark , shapeless Marks against his skin .
tr	5	Despite these flagrant discrepancies , they made a good team .
tr	5	" Ah , " he says .
tr	5	Her pale feet kick back and forth .
tr	11	" I have seen smaller piles of shells in other places but always closer to a stream .
tr	7	" We weren 't doing anything in particular .
tr	10	Next day I sent the invitation RSVP to Mr. Vella the following morning it was accepted .
tr	10	I will not let you to do this to me .
tr	5	Female : tall , sexy , blonde , light skin , burnt orange gown , and gloves .
tr	11	It is far better than living in the underground mine , " the boy explains .
tr	7	" Yes , it was , " Chris said , almost to himself .
tr	5	" Oh , hello , Nat " replied Trudy .
tr	9	Suddenly , his words made sense and her eyes almost popped out of their sockets .
tr	6	He just felt so much more powerful , and his push-ups were fast and rhythmic .
tr	9	" Not going to happen . "
tr	10	Even more amazing , there was an American flag waiving bravely on a long pole in the gentle breeze .
tr	9	" Well we are all part of God 's family and are his sons and daughters . "
tr	6	" They 're probably half way back by now ! "
tr	6	Not far away , there was a school sign , a yield sign and even a yellow caution light .
tr	11	" I know what it means , I 'm just surprised you know . "
tr	10	The man nodded and smiled signaling that he understood .
tr	9	* * * Raphael shut the boot of his dad 's Rover 3500 .
tr	8	" You bowed to destroy them .
tr	5	" Matthew , your birthday 's next month , right ? "
tr	9	They were responsible for general crew work plus machinery maintenance .
tr	7	A thin wail suddenly echoed down the walls of the stone passage .
tr	6	Bethany took three long steps forward and down into the hollow .
tr	10	they acknowledged as Jenny handed them plates of food .
tr	9	" The men are bringing it up from the stream , " he replied .
tr	9	He knew what would come next .
tr	9	What else would you call creatures you breed ? "
tr	8	But what caught the Prince 's eye was the Cathedral .
tr	7	Roberto removed his jacket and wrapped it around her bare shoulders .
tr	8	" I don 't know , but I 'm more worried about Dave and Rob .
tr	9	Out the front door , entering my life as a fugitive , or hiding in the shop and finding answers .
tr	6	" There is something , " Sarah admitted .
tr	5	After her departure I peered around the small room once again .
tr	8	I pulled a pen and paper out of the glove compartment and wrote down the address he dictated .
tr	10	The woman named Tate made the most impressive discovery , great gouges clawed out of a tree .
tr	10	I didn 't want her to get in trouble .
tr	9	" I knew it sounds awkward but I appreciate if you listen .
tr	11	It seemed familiar , as if she 'd visited before in a past life .
tr	7	Jacob asked , breaking his silence .
tr	9	" How do you mean to seek him ? "
tr	8	' The address Haus gave you was a dead end .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " both said in unison .
tr	7	Still holding Milo half over the cliff edge , Browder drew his old , volcanic pistol and pulled back the hammer .
tr	7	Rand had always been open and earnest , incapable of even the smallest deception .
tr	9	She trotted down the side of the cottage , looking everywhere at once , stopping , listening .
tr	8	The people around the site inched closer , some of them in the back standing on tiptoe to see .
tr	9	Though Ellen didn 't address it in quite those terms , it was nonetheless a very sudden and powerful feeling .
tr	6	" On the way back we can have a beer .
tr	10	They were silent , staring as if she were a dead spirit walking .
tr	9	" If there 's any problems with docking , it 'll be because of our friends in California . "
tr	11	" I certainly hope you are not looking for sympathy , " Jason states .
tr	9	A light rain was falling over the city when we exited the bank minutes later .
tr	11	And you know I would not keep this from you without good reason . "
tr	10	Tuck noticed and said I should get home .
tr	5	" Oh , well , you , and just the whole football team . "
tr	10	He had started to stamp his feet and that made her more nervous .
tr	6	The rescue had been timely indeed .
tr	9	There was an inscription on the inside page of the thick volume .
tr	6	In his fourth year , he blocked Noni from visitation .
tr	5	" Yes " " Wow , my congrats Mr. chef . "
tr	7	Chris still hadn 't figured out that one yet .
tr	7	" I was down there earlier ; I didn 't see her . "
tr	6	" But at the jump off , I asked them about that guy Hector .
tr	10	Well , I can pour myself a cup of milk , Miriam reasoned .
tr	9	Elaina didn 't laugh , though he was seldom so dramatic .
tr	7	Then , through the ringing in her ears , she heard something else .
tr	10	" Uh-huh , I love teaching you because you grasp things so fast .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	8	Nothing like the trucks he remembered .
tr	6	By the time I brought out the fruit salad and raspberry sherbet , the homicide investigator was rather quiet .
tr	9	A tremor in her voice , Victoria said , " They supply information to terrorists and now Alfred is their supplier .
tr	5	No , of course not . "
tr	8	So there were different rocks in the crater VIN realized .
tr	7	" We 've imposed on yer hospitality quite enough .
tr	10	This is how Gabe rescues me again , like he always does .
tr	7	their pain before hers , their blood before hers , their lives before hers .
tr	6	Of course , the answer made no sense whatsoever , but still it was a long-awaited start .
tr	8	He then returned to his mother 's bedroom and pulled down the blinds .
tr	5	" She 's afraid and confused .
tr	10	It would help him begin to recover .
tr	6	" Hey , stranger , long time no see , " a familiar woman 's voice greeted me from behind .
tr	7	There is nothing to -- " " Vladimir , " Natasha interrupted .
tr	7	Heat washed over me as his kiss deepened .
tr	6	The staff of the UN effort enjoyed diplomatic immunity from prosecution .
tr	8	When did they start doing that ?
tr	5	24 Outside , by the fire , Tom said , " That was pretty good . "
tr	11	I tried kidding myself I 'd bought it . '
tr	8	It was a heavy first conversation , all in all , after fourteen years .
tr	10	" I know , " Ryder said and went back to working on the fireworks .
tr	5	" Former Lieutenant VIN Noble , Marines , why ? "
tr	9	Calvin sat forwards preparing to listen .
tr	8	Riki held the torch out so hot embers burnt his neck .
tr	8	" He is , isn 't he ? "
tr	9	" He requires a few moments of Lady Adele 's time , " the boy repeated carefully .
tr	9	In front of his door , instead of slicing the pie or nonsense like that , I knocked .
tr	8	" He saw the area from the air and knows the lay of the land .
tr	6	' Put this on , ' she said curtly .
tr	8	" You don 't stand a chance against me on land , Flipper ! "
tr	11	Do you know what they are ? "
tr	10	There was something strange in the depths of the black chips of stone .
tr	8	' He worked for the Order of the Bastian Hunters during the sixteen hundreds .
tr	10	Could you see me with a man who had a regular income ?
tr	6	The forest was beautiful , quiet , and deceptively peaceful in appearance .
tr	7	So they hunkered down among the weeds beneath the trees and saw her shadow pass over them a second time .
tr	6	Jay never left my side , he was either holding my waist , hand or shoulder .
tr	10	If you 'll make just one step throw that door , you will loose me for good ! "
tr	10	The Khan motioned widely towards Alejo , as pleased as a kindergartner presenting his newest coloring page to his favorite teacher .
tr	11	We think they 'll be heading across the river soon .
tr	8	If he owed loyalty to anyone .
tr	8	" We 've screened and interrogated all of them .
tr	10	It frustrated her that they were not as ugly as their deeds .
tr	8	Best to wait and see ... give the guy the benefit of the doubt .
tr	11	Imagine their having gotten used to Samuel .
tr	9	What 's going to happen ?
tr	9	Do you want to ? "
tr	11	I think you are looking for someone , and maybe that someone is your father ? "
tr	7	For example , where did that disk with their mysterious adventures come from ?
tr	6	" At once , Princess , " the guardsman saluted and led the tired knight away .
tr	6	" Your ship carried their message -- this is hardly more ! "
tr	9	You can only travel forward in time at the speed of a moment .
tr	7	Ahead , on the flat top of a prominent hill , a wolf looked down at them .
tr	9	Snow aroused from the dark flames caused by the explosion .
tr	11	There were hundreds of them weaving in between cars and ducking beneath trucks .
tr	9	Kaylie asked as soon as she was in sight .
tr	11	" Yes , " the big man responded with a sigh as a shadow of fatigue passed over his face .
tr	8	" You 'll give me a bruise , or even worse , you 'll untie my cravat !
tr	5	The thought made her frown .
tr	7	But many more lay in the box , screaming out the same message .
tr	9	" Besides , I can write a hell of a lot faster with a pen than with a finger . "
tr	9	She wondered if he would be impressed .
tr	7	That 's almost the equivalent of a full SAS squadron .
tr	7	" You killed ... you had to ... " John said .
tr	7	Roberto flinched under the piercing gaze .
tr	10	It was difficult , because Marina refused to move .
tr	6	" Okay , " she said , " Have your stupid pendants . "
tr	7	Was an unusual heat for me .
tr	7	Just yesterday morning , before the start of the games , I 'd told her about my date with Malcolm .
tr	8	You may have fooled the other guards , but you cannot do so with me . "
tr	10	He seemed just as interested in following the shifting , changing flames as he did in the Prince 's answer .
tr	6	He wasn 't close but he wasn 't far and still , his raw energy invaded all around .
tr	9	" You better get used to shuttles from now on . "
tr	11	He motioned for her to go out and stay in the bushes close by .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	10	I scrolled down through his list of contacts until I came to the name I wanted .
tr	8	She might have lose much blood .
tr	6	His leg slipped down in and that 's the result . "
tr	8	The light pulses softly beneath her skin , someone else 's energy .
tr	7	He never gives tests on Friday .
tr	7	Wouldn 't you agree with that , Miriam ?
tr	6	" I don 't remember this boat either . "
tr	8	They 'd been trying for a baby .
tr	6	" Without him , without that camera , your career is nothing , " I said .
tr	9	" It 's not like I 'm some glorified militia captain , you know ! "
tr	5	Of course , it all kicked off big time .
tr	5	INSERT : TRAFFIC SIGN Next right : Ybor City , Historic District .
tr	7	You 'll not get anything better on camp rations . "
tr	7	We have a location far more important but we can 't get any excitement . "
tr	11	" Anyway , I had to paint over it to make it show up on camera .
tr	11	There , seated on the rock in the haze of the gray shadows was the largest wolf he had ever seen .
tr	8	replied the officer looking at the kid .
tr	9	We entered , and I said , " Captain Collins to see Captain Bright . "
tr	10	And the following is Nina 's brother 's highly unusual story .
tr	6	Adele shoved against him playfully .
tr	8	The king clicked his tongue off the roof of his mouth .
tr	8	She had a little round face and the skin white as snow .
tr	8	Please , allow me to return the favor .
tr	9	" I , Brand ... " " I , Brand ... " " Pledge to be honorable and just . "
tr	10	" Are you afraid to do it ?
tr	10	He felt himself begin to rise .
tr	7	Miriam wandered over to one window and sat on the ledge .
tr	6	She clutched the bed sheet with white knuckles .
tr	9	Again , to his surprise , the animal responded with a soft growl before it sank to its haunches .
tr	10	Faro calls me " ice princess " and I like to I keep it that way .
tr	7	" We can 't both be boring , " I tease back and bite his nose .
tr	6	I certainly hadn 't created my entry .
tr	7	Alejo scrunched up his face , surprised by the thought .
tr	7	The crocodile flashed his blue eyes at the Turk and the young girl and everyone on the shore feared the worst .
tr	9	She 's going to die anyway .
tr	9	It gets dark in an hour or so , is everyone healthy enough to speed up ? "
tr	8	" Four two , roger that , reliable man to the hospital .
tr	10	The car flipped twice , metal crumpling against the asphalt and giving way with a grating noise .
tr	6	The tall walls suffered significant damage , but even so , the siege failed .
tr	10	" Well I believe so , if he stays locked in his room . "
tr	7	I said , not following the conversation .
tr	9	She went on a few times but it just keeps on hitting the same spot .
tr	10	When the snows melted , they would all learn how to drive it .
tr	5	" Franco , we need the doctor here at once !
tr	8	He looked at her for a long moment and said , " Tell me then . "
tr	6	Other theories include environmental disaster , epidemic disease , and climate change .
tr	11	This is where you are meant to go .
tr	9	Adele 's fingers found the softness of her leg and she gave herself a hard pinch , it hurt prodigiously .
tr	11	The same moment Chris realized that 's exactly what it was , the catcalls and hooting began .
tr	8	' They 'll heal , ' I said , and followed in Victor 's footsteps .
tr	9	Needed to be with him .
tr	8	Eda struggled upright , listening to their conversation carefully .
tr	11	The horses cantered off out of sight , leaving the Prince alone with twenty-three dead Defenders lying on the ground .
tr	9	He had since used that same somewhat satisfactory method on all five coins in his possession .
tr	7	But the woman laughed , shaking my hand polite .
tr	7	" Subtlety is not in his nature , " said Anderson .
tr	9	Not used to being talked about .
tr	11	Neither mentioned sharing the bed as they had during the blizzard .
tr	9	Black Scorpion was up on his feet and threw his blanket over the head of the general .
tr	9	you gents get some kip , " whispered George , " and Harry ... . .
tr	8	" Yes , I 'm aware of that , " Campbell said .
tr	9	" They wanted supplies , travelers they said . "
tr	7	David turned and took a step onto the grass .
tr	8	The hill that boasted two very tall blue Spruce trees .
tr	9	It 's been two days since the coup , and he 's already started the changes .
tr	9	Dusk has settled , and without the sun 's sustenance , the song is growing loud , tightening around my bones .
tr	8	The air is chilled but warming , and the birds are waking up .
tr	10	It took a spider to bring me to my senses .
tr	9	Simon watched as the motorcar bore them away to the station .
tr	7	" Got it , " she sighs , accepting the vial .
tr	7	I opened the closet doors and shined my flashlight into it .
tr	8	Then they could hunt and fish to their heart 's content .
tr	7	And that wasn 't the worst of it . '
tr	10	But in truth even unions have little recourse when a company just packs up and leaves .
tr	7	How long could he get away with that ? "
tr	10	Henna had been aiming to kill her .
tr	7	" Three hundred seventy-nine thousand feet , shuttle outer doors ready for test .
tr	10	He wasn 't quite sure what had happened , but he wasn 't dead .
tr	8	He survived in the specialized environment , unaware it had been built for his special needs .
tr	7	And , on top of that , what kind of monster could literally control an entire landscape ?
tr	9	The Prince motioned for them to follow him through .
tr	10	We have never even thought about the need to defend ourselves for centuries .
tr	8	The chamber itself was a narrow rectangular cell with four bare stone walls and no other apparent exits .
tr	5	' Just for a minute , until the glue sets . '
tr	7	" Captain Drake , I have stretched my expertise to the limit sir .
tr	10	That 's all there was to it .
tr	7	Now that I have it , I will have great power . "
tr	10	... Ryan Richmond , thank you for talking to us down here at CBS .
tr	8	It was a speech to herself as well as a prayer to the true spirits .
tr	9	It 's not nice to see you .
tr	7	Upon reaching the center , I stopped in my tracks and released the remaining energy into a blast sphere .
tr	8	Her uncle was beaming at her , proud as a mother hen .
tr	6	A second later , he yelped and clutched at his hand .
tr	6	" Tonight , dear ladies and gentlemen , and beloved children , " he said , his glass raised .
tr	9	He could see something was wrong .
tr	10	He did not have to worry about anyone taking it .
tr	7	I lost my grip on the pipe and banged into the dividing shield .
tr	6	" If we must , " Jack agreed , " Feel free , hero man . "
tr	7	" It 's getting better here , too , " replied Jonesy .
tr	11	" You are better than I had hoped for Sweetheart .
tr	7	First off , as you can see , I 'm not from around here . "
tr	7	The nose of the shuttle was a little higher than the stern but not at an extreme angle .
tr	5	Natalie just shook her head no .
tr	11	Trudie returned saying it could yet be some time .
tr	8	The second tunnel stemmed from the first one via another hidden door .
tr	10	" Grand didn 't know you were coming , " I say quickly .
tr	11	Tristan stared at the young boy and said , " I think she was nice . "
tr	10	Let me know how it goes .
tr	8	Impossibly , the six-foot , four-inch human was stronger than he was .
tr	8	But for now , my men will be the only guests at our wedding . "
tr	10	" This very minute , a messenger is on his way to actually kill Phillip !
tr	8	Not letting go of me , he kicked out a chair with his foot .
tr	10	She lay face down on a dark crimson carpet in the middle of the room .
tr	6	In the distance the sirens as the London Police blocked off the side street .
tr	7	" I won 't , " David said , slowing down .
tr	9	He chalked it up to an unfamiliar firework going off , or maybe a dud .
tr	8	" There is an underground arena somewhere in low town , they call it NaN .
tr	7	When she returned , Drew announced , " Okay everyone , mount up . "
tr	8	" It 's freezing outside , " John said as he entered the hotel dining room .
tr	6	Conway remembered a city park at night , under a roost tree .
tr	9	He had no idea what to do .
tr	5	" My Lord Raziel - " The Angel opened his mouth and spat .
tr	6	" I saw the charts on the table .
tr	10	A cross is etched into the diamond , stretching the entire length and breadth of the shape .
tr	11	" Do you know if anyone got out ? "
tr	7	" They come in small groups , a mix of soldiers and men covered head to toe with dirt and dust .
tr	10	You really think that 'll work on me ?
tr	8	Turning around to investigate , he stiffened and froze in place .
tr	10	Simon opened his mouth to protest , but his eyes were closing against the material of her white uniform .
tr	9	They entered and the gilded , candelabra lighted up all of a sudden .
tr	8	" Well , Artie , maybe you 're worth half a shit after all .
tr	11	Rob passed him and his eyes adjusted to following the fainter glow a dozen yards ahead .
tr	8	Their jumping and snarling brought Ted back to the reality of his situation .
tr	9	He decided to push the search a little farther .
tr	9	He noticed the C-5 off to his right about 300 yards away as they rocketed past it .
tr	9	As he opened one of the huge doors , Neil nearly tripped over Riki .
tr	9	Until I stopped coming in .
tr	6	" How is Finan , any change ? "
tr	8	Josie felt her cheeks flushing in embarrassment .
tr	8	Today , we are past the point of no return .
tr	5	" The Darkest Pleasure " As a couple , they were hopeless .
tr	8	His buoyant self-confidence began to thaw out again .
tr	6	Asked the human instructor and both , Lea and Julie , nod their heads .
tr	10	" You had nothing to do with this ? "
tr	9	" Why can 't you ever just accept that sometimes I am right ? "
tr	7	David returned to his platoon , light in his step .
tr	9	He seemed to mull it over before answering .
tr	9	He shook water from his wings and turned around to face the water .
tr	7	Whilst anticipating another lonely night he stopped on the stairs hearing music from Amy 's room .
tr	8	I ignored it and glanced at Thorne 's waist .
tr	10	" So we can start putting up a fight in eight months ? "
tr	8	" Nice houses , appealing designs , " Sam shrugged .
tr	5	" And that sucks , okay .
tr	9	I was happy with my prospects and feeling confident about my success .
tr	11	She smiled uncertain of what was expecting her .
tr	7	" I kill men with this , " she said to the boy , and blew a kiss at him .
tr	8	" Now why would a child or a woman be here by themself , " he mused to himself .
tr	11	I do not believe I have been given the pleasure . "
tr	7	We locked the cell doors -- two down , fifty to go .
tr	5	" A real terror this one , he definitely means business .
tr	10	On the main floor Connor asked how to get to the beach .
tr	7	But the images were fading , and the darkness getting deeper , and soon the drink would settle .
tr	6	' Wow , you sure told them , ' Anatole murmured with a soft whistle .
tr	7	They are both very goal-oriented individuals and talented in select weaponry .
tr	11	" I can 't wait to see for myself , " Aria says with excitement .
tr	10	It had needed some oil on the chain and air in the tires , but otherwise was in decent condition .
tr	9	He takes a step towards us , and this is when I recognize the danger .
tr	7	" I was justified in my actions .
tr	9	After a while he says , " I didn 't know about you for a long time .
tr	8	" We are going as far as the Black Sea and will figure things out from there . "
tr	9	You have come to kill me .
tr	8	We both know leadership is a heavy burden .
tr	10	' I don 't think you should be drinking .
tr	7	' Why , thank you , that 's ... well , could you please thank all your friends for me ? '
tr	6	" Those provisions are from the fort ! "
tr	5	A disgruntled super villain pining for prison reform .
tr	11	The look on his face was as if he was watching Barney with a five-year old -- sheer boredom .
tr	7	" Everybody off this boat , " he ordered .
tr	5	Then , with one desperate heave , he had the reins .
tr	6	Not the bulky suit itself , just the inner clothing I wear under it , including the gloves and booties .
tr	5	This far down , the alarms were barely audible .
tr	8	Living quarters needed to be found .
tr	10	Dad gave me this when we arrived in Paris as a welcoming gift .
tr	10	She chokes , blood pouring from her shattered nose , her eyes glassy and filled with tears .
tr	5	" Of course I do .
tr	9	If you see any boats , treat then as hostile until proven otherwise .
tr	6	" Thanks Daniel , " Tori said and took her luggage .
tr	10	He patted her on the back , assuring her that he was fine .
tr	9	I did not wait to see him fall .
tr	9	Let us get ready at once !
tr	9	" What do you think you 're doing ? "
tr	10	When your father is the head of the military 's elite commandos , they expect big things from you .
tr	7	" I did not ruin anything , " I argued .
tr	9	There was just one thought ransacking her brain the whole time , speeding her heart into overdrive .
tr	7	Father strapped me to his back and my mother to his chest and jump into the angry , cold waves .
tr	9	she asked , looking up to him , eyes wide .
tr	7	The emus simply eyed the strange man warily with their huge eyes and walked away majestically .
tr	9	We 're going to need it . "
tr	6	" Evan , these are my other two brothers , Zane and Raf . "
tr	6	" So , why doesn 't our car work in Ireland ? "
tr	6	" I see you , Hawk , and I feel your spirit .
tr	11	His opponent now helpless on the ground the game registered Zero as the winner .
tr	7	All he ever does is run ! '
tr	8	But how to get home ?
tr	9	How did she know ... ?
tr	9	She just doesn 't think this is life .
tr	11	He wore a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up to show off regimental and other tattoos .
tr	7	" I take it that your father did ? "
tr	10	Jealousy had caused his demeanor to change ; his attitude toward some members of the tribe became bad .
tr	10	He met her weeping eyes calmly , intensely begging her not to cry and give herself away .
tr	9	" Do not speak to me of children .
tr	10	Several people attempted to converse with the soldiers , seeking answers , but they were dismissed or simply ignored .
tr	8	Or something else ... " Okay , who let one ? "
tr	10	Her prayers were answered and she wrapped herself around him and kissed him with joy bubbling over .
tr	9	Dinner itself was a quiet affair , with little conversation .
tr	8	" Let me handle this , I 'm an old pro at it . "
tr	7	she finally could say , out of breath .
tr	10	" We 'll be ready for them , but I can 't afford to take losses .
tr	10	The hours of electricity and public water operation are still limited to six hours per region each day . "
tr	6	" The loa are basically good guys , but they all have their darker aspects , too .
tr	6	" You passed the girl test , the written test , the key test , and the hallway test ! "
tr	7	" I 'm fine , " she said , patting his hand .
tr	8	Just put your hands up to catch your fall .
tr	11	Amanda had jabbed him in the back to get his attention .
tr	8	He urged his horse forward to get a better look at Tate .
tr	6	" Damn I want you , " she grumbled in a low voice .
tr	6	" Make room for the chuck wagon ! "
tr	7	" He shouldn 't be in the barn .
tr	6	He 'll track us . "
tr	9	" Sometimes it 's the little things that break us .
tr	7	From his cadence , it sounded like a quote , but Bender couldn 't place it .
tr	7	I laughed , playing along .
tr	6	How was he to answer ?
tr	7	" It 's now called Ivan , " admonished VIN , always enjoying his partner 's directness .
tr	8	Their trials began as soon as they got married .
tr	6	" Come , Rafe , surely there must be someone ? "
tr	10	They didn 't know where to start first .
tr	10	He conveys , never breaking his stride as he proceeds outside .
tr	6	The two doctors give each other high-fives and perform a little victory dance , their hips swaying .
tr	8	Three sides were already clean and they could see symbols in the silvery metal .
tr	9	" Let 's eat some of those pouch things .
tr	7	" You two were pushing hard for that . "
tr	6	Perhaps Cantwell , at this very moment , was calling them the Young Masters .
tr	9	The tracks were those of someone with a large size foot .
tr	11	His meagre frame and pale skin suggested he was not in the best of health .
tr	8	" Why don 't you just take us to school , then we could sleep another twenty minutes every day ! "
tr	9	I 'll be out the door in ten minutes .
tr	8	The closet was so full that she barely fit , and of course it still didn 't shut .
tr	6	Well , at least one of them wasn 't really naughty .
tr	9	Houston we are on terra firma , parachute deployed .
tr	8	The trip itself began with anticipation and expectation like every other vacation they had ever taken as a family .
tr	6	Thank you so much . "
tr	6	A relieved Edwin jumped up and gave his stepsister a bear hug .
tr	6	" Oh , yes , Johnny , I do " " What are their odds ? "
tr	6	' Easy now , ' Richard growled , ' that 's my little sister 's kid . '
tr	8	" You 're staying in my room , " she said to Simon and left .
tr	8	Black and blue , can 't go wrong with that , right ? "
tr	8	" Because she can 't predict the outcome , none of us can . "
tr	7	" I know , " Sky responded , " I know who he was . "
tr	5	The tenth world , however , is not a permanent dwelling place .
tr	11	" I could almost believe that she collected the objects before hand and planned the whole attack . "
tr	7	And , now with the creation of Team Alpha , they would be working even more closely together .
tr	5	Hopefully you enjoyed the first Lex & Ricky mystery .
tr	7	Two hearts beat in unison , and silvered steel crossed within a brass world .
tr	10	I ask you to listen with your mind and your heart .
tr	10	A mental image of the last time she saw her sister flashed into her head .
tr	10	I want to see you miss one .
tr	7	Clancy , seemingly satisfied with the answer dropped back into line .
tr	8	Before he could take three steps , Elaina ran after him .
tr	10	This would test the ship 's ability to quickly engage an unexpected target .
tr	8	To make things worse , the orchestra of hellish sounds was louder than before .
tr	11	" Do you want to see again ? "
tr	10	Later I will bring her to visit ... ... if she wants to of course . "
tr	11	It 's OK , " he said in a gentle tone trying to reassure the boy .
tr	11	But mostly , he turned to see if anyone was watching .
tr	9	There is only the decisions we make and God 's will .
tr	9	, the others followed after him .
tr	8	The man on his right-hand side was rather good looking , with a smile on his handsome face .
tr	9	There was some sap there that it wanted to sample .
tr	9	said Reid once we were back on the motorway .
tr	6	He looked around at all the staff .
tr	8	stated Beppe whilst looking outside the window .
tr	9	He didn 't have to tell her twice .
tr	9	" You are right , but he 's my son you see .
tr	10	He took off down the hill at a run to gather his remaining two men and get going .
tr	8	" But Joseph did have some help for us .
tr	8	I hope she didn 't come . "
tr	9	The shapeshifter walked to the rear of the small two-door , and opened the trunk .
tr	6	... But you have Roman coins , " he finished , his lips pursed .
tr	9	Glass popped and cracked inside the burning building as further explosions shook its foundations .
tr	6	' Get in , ' said the figure behind the wheel .
tr	7	" He just might say ' amok ' again , " The Chief of Staff grinned at his subordinate .
tr	7	At six AM the noise of Maggie and Pastor working at the site woke him up .
tr	8	I opened it and carefully removed the shattered remains of the inner holder .
tr	10	The Prince wasn 't sure who was more amazed , the girl or himself .
tr	7	He stood up and looked out the window at the grey misting Irish morning .
tr	8	I 'll go now , see ya . "
tr	6	The polite salutation seemed foolish in the circumstances .
tr	8	There , he pulled out a roll of white medical tape and tore a piece off with his teeth .
tr	8	" Let 's get dressed and explore the house .
tr	6	I slipped my hand into hers , squeezing .
tr	9	Try not to hit any rocks , it 's a good spade . "
tr	10	And honestly I think the pills are helping in other ways too .
tr	9	My hands and feet are pulsing hot from the slaps and wild dancing . "
tr	9	He smiled and wondered if she would understand .
tr	7	Three of them confronted her , their eyes roaming her body crudely , their tongues hanging out of their mouths .
tr	5	' No , you can 't , ' snapped the Dean .
tr	5	" Close enough , " he muttered , and then he whistled .
tr	7	I indicated I hadn 't .
tr	7	I felt my heart rate slow down .
tr	7	' Those look a helluva lot better than ours . '
tr	10	It was a good education for an attorney , plus you helped me get started .
tr	6	For a few minutes they heard voices , some frustrated screams and a few gun shots .
tr	10	She did not want to sit around in the rooms any longer .
tr	8	Parents were keeping their smaller children back and , in fact , were scooting their own chairs away from the heat .
tr	10	I said , " Your thanks should go to Dennis , Sam and Ned they risked their lives for you .
tr	7	That same split occurred at the next splice , and the next , and the next .
tr	9	Sofia who was at the corner had almost pricked by one of the deadly pins .
tr	11	Alexia refused to believe he was gone .
tr	7	Unfortunately I was standing alone and awkwardly , most dancers already paired for the movement .
tr	8	" I do not recall asking her . "
tr	11	She grinned at Claire , then raised an eyebrow as if to say Go on !
tr	9	We got Ted settled again and Amy gave him a pretty heavy shot of sedatives .
tr	8	I do not want any contact with him in anyway .
tr	8	He sat and composed his thoughts for a few seconds , then started telling Andy his story .
tr	5	Beneath the tent , the sea woman 's mournful singing filled the hot , humid air .
tr	10	Doc comes around to look at Rick 's screen .
tr	10	" You have something that belongs to my employer .
tr	11	It took me a while , sweat pouring into my eyes .
tr	9	Wanting to know what was wrong without wanting anything back .
tr	7	Someone with the skills had helped me win .
tr	9	" I find Finn , " Sarah said , her stare as hard as diamonds .
tr	7	An energetic young man with blond hair and blue eyes leapt out of the driver 's seat .
tr	8	After a while the streets were filled with residents , and the few shops opened along the village 's main street .
tr	7	" Yes , I know you did . "
tr	10	" You said that before , " the Prince broke in , " what do you mean ?
tr	6	A uniformed man lay inside , tied and gagged .
tr	6	" Much safer , " said Alvin , taking out his machine gun .
tr	7	When they enter the store , I throw the rabbit down a sewer grate .
tr	9	Had to get to Ashlyn .
tr	7	These people take my conceptions and analyze them ; they ask questions and send some suggestions .
tr	7	You all know that it couldn 't .
tr	7	I see about a dozen soldiers , but no more .
tr	5	' No , no he can 't , he can 't !
tr	7	But even if they didn 't Mac would die of smoke inhalation before anything else .
tr	5	How angry had Lady Adele been ?
tr	7	" Well , if we need more people , then perhaps we should put out the word to the other settlements .
tr	7	" Help me downstairs , " Rick ordered when they arrived .
tr	11	Simon highlighted as he raised his arm and pointed his pistol to the leader 's head .
tr	9	Break to eat in silence .
tr	9	" I 'm so sick and tired of hearing that !
tr	11	Particularly once he knew mages were arriving .
tr	10	I need to finish getting ready .
tr	9	" What are you going to wear tonight ?
tr	11	He said he would wait for her and take her to school .
tr	9	You were supposed to be happy .
tr	5	Tolerance has many definitions and meanings .
tr	9	It wasn 't hard to get her .
tr	9	It had been hard to stop .
tr	11	" Then who exists to remind me ? "
tr	9	She knew she dare not break that contact .
tr	9	Your visit took me by such surprise that I quite forgot about it . "
tr	9	The old man moans with what little life he has left .
tr	6	In nineteen eighty the worst of the worst !
tr	8	He heard a snapping noise and the boy was free .
tr	7	The two sat quietly for a few minutes before the captain spoke .
tr	11	" I can 't live with the threat of them surprising us .
tr	5	" For the most part , yes , " he says .
tr	5	" Gold dust , " said the Pastor , excited .
tr	10	He , and only he would deliver any news of the company he was tracking .
tr	11	" I don 't need you to tell me about my life , " he snarled .
tr	7	June 6 The Queen , the Prince , several of her personal attendants , and six guards arrived late last night .
tr	6	They ran all the way to the second floor with an open concept view .
tr	7	We walked forward , and the carriage followed in our wake .
tr	9	He was one to talk .
tr	10	" It 's not romantic , if that 's what you mean .
tr	8	Ted and Melody made good time moving back down the hill .
tr	11	Din had mentioned something about the game changing , as did Garo .
tr	10	I knew what I had to do .
tr	8	The stable is empty now , just some old tack and stuff in there and junk . "
tr	10	You don 't want to put the country back on track .
tr	9	" We 'll talk to you soon , Mason . "
tr	5	" For a battlefield weapon , that 's not an undesirable trait . "
tr	9	For once Jonesy couldn 't figure out what to say .
tr	9	" I know exactly who must want that Harbinger Fiddle .
tr	8	In the meantime the ship had gained altitude and was speeding away towards the West .
tr	8	And how they 'd do it .
tr	7	There was nothing here but run-down huts .
tr	9	Valerian struck at his with his clenched fist , and all the power of his supple body behind the blow .
tr	6	I can tell them apart immediately .
tr	8	The clash of metal on metal grew fainter , less frequent .
tr	7	I lifted my head slightly and brushed my lips against his neck .
tr	6	Maybe it 's all the same to him .
tr	6	Every time they tried , waves of imposed sensation and emotion swept over the thought and washed it away .
tr	8	I was uneasy at her common flirting with them while we talked .
tr	11	" Aren 't you coming in ? "
tr	6	Over , " asked Ryan down in the control center at the airfield .
tr	7	Scott smiled at the little girl 's questioning eyes .
tr	10	It would take a few days before it came to that .
tr	5	" No , not a trick , " the voice said .
tr	6	In her stomach it takes root , in her throat it blooms , and in her mouth it silences her scream .
tr	9	But if we recover the Idol of the Great Mother , he 'd forgive us for our deeds .
tr	8	No man could ever see into my heart and so they will never know my true intentions .
tr	9	If the signal was predated and picked up , this could potentially be Earth 's first contact .
tr	7	It lasted long into the first night and had continued heatedly the following day .
tr	7	They fanned out along the river bank and headed towards the walls , dipping and trotting forward .
tr	10	We 've turned a corner I 'm sure . '
tr	10	" I don 't think I can do Spy Games today . "
tr	8	I know I winged you , too .
tr	7	Once they were safely across , Vulcan turned to Natasha with a grin .
tr	6	" Just a little trick I know , " Mana said .
tr	8	David decided to join them .
tr	8	It 's all I have .
tr	8	Suddenly , a massive explosion shakes the earth violently , but the source is a complete mystery to her .
tr	9	We could have shot a hundred yards in almost any direction . "
tr	9	That 'll get us some of your strength back . "
tr	7	" We found one of his labs awhile back .
tr	6	Just as her vision cleared , a stream of liquid hit her dead center on the forehead .
tr	6	As for identification , nothing yet .
tr	7	As he fell silent , she made her way to the horse .
tr	6	" Short for Cole , Inc , the shipping company here in Morocco my grandfather owned and gave to me .
tr	7	Disturbing the peace was furthest from his desires for this trip .
tr	8	He went quiet a while before going on .
tr	11	The voice was cultured Irish , quiet , pleasant in a way , sounded more like Donegal than Belfast .
tr	6	And of course , Logan and I took to the city manically .
tr	8	I must have fallen asleep .
tr	8	And then there 's Lance , he thought as he pulled the trigger twice .
tr	9	Similar ideas appeared to fill her sister 's brain .
tr	11	Are you thinking of becoming one ? "
tr	7	He searched through every local paper 's archives , through the county archives and even the state .
tr	6	Cade shrugged one shoulder , but that was apparently expressive enough .
tr	9	He said , " Sir , Captain Bright requested I drop Mrs. Collins off at his quarters . "
tr	8	" I got here as soon as I could , " Beverly replies stiffly .
tr	7	They were hustled down the steps and the captain 's son turned to his father in alarm .
tr	7	It absorbed the shocked kobold entirely into its watery hand , then slammed its fist against the ceiling .
tr	7	He held the reins with black gloves , and wore black boots over his feet .
tr	7	Gabe is asleep in the other bed .
tr	8	We received a lot of gamma rays in the initial blasts , we can 't afford any more .
tr	10	Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of Gan , alone , dancing a simulated duel .
tr	6	They shared their thoughts with a knowing glance .
tr	8	" If they wanted us dead , we 'd be dead . "
tr	6	Slowly , with much mutual aid and many false starts , two blackened figures emerged .
tr	10	Valerian advanced to the door and looked down a flight of stone steps that vanished quickly into utter blackness .
tr	8	The deeper into the forest he travels , the more lively and vibrant the trees and wildlife become .
tr	9	I 'm gentle , avoid confrontation , and , although frowned upon , indulge my vivid imagination .
tr	6	The attendants shoved Brand up the stairs , onto the platform .
tr	11	It is wolves you must be wary of .
tr	5	Her lips , her hands , her breath , touching his skin .
tr	8	Satisfied the lesson was firmly engraved upon his servant , the Baron turned his gaze back to the skies .
tr	7	This is a piece of cake ! "
tr	11	Frankly , I 'm hoping you decide not to work .
tr	8	And it was evident from his words that he knew me .
tr	5	Sure enough , a few minutes later , she heard his deep , vibrant voice .
tr	10	The Prince had the sudden feeling he was on an examination table .
tr	7	He went back to digging , and in that moment , I believed him .
tr	8	I thank him , paid and get off from the car but suddenly I stood stiff .
tr	7	David took a hot muffin and sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	8	George had been quiet up to this point .
tr	9	I do what I have to . "
tr	10	She 'd cut her hair short and there was just a touch of grey at the temples .
tr	8	Neil picked his way past various urns and pots of well-tended flowers and bushes .
tr	9	Tripping to his hands and knees , he is very nearly missed by a sharp spike impaling the stone doorway .
tr	10	All the way through the remainder of Colorado neither man spoke a word .
tr	6	His eyes weren 't flat and emotionless anymore , they lingered .
tr	9	Finn found himself chuckling and his brother looked up from his cards with a worried look on his face .
tr	8	I don 't want you getting involved . "
tr	6	The Cliff Resort 's famous roof deck was in sharp focus , five heads easily visible over the top .
tr	10	You 've got to make me pure and clean .
tr	9	" Where are the fine ships and the bold lasses you commanded now ? "
tr	11	Adele , having completed the complicated task of dressing hurriedly , turned to her friend and began to comb her hair .
tr	9	" Do you think it could be Bill Gates ?
tr	7	" Because I 'm responsible for you . "
tr	5	" Well , in a nutshell , we combined our blood together . "
tr	10	Harold suppressed the urge to grab the man by the collar and simply pointed at the dead light bulb .
tr	6	" Thanks , Sir , but I got ta sleep .
tr	10	She didn 't really want to think about that either .
tr	8	Here they are educated in various essential spy basics including : surveillance , weaponry , specialist equipment , and assassination .
tr	6	Down in the sitting room , the candles still burned in their wax cylinders , flickering and dancing .
tr	10	It was as if I had leapt into death .
tr	9	Thank goodness that was over .
tr	9	Sparrow hawks were soaring above them , hunting down their preys with its keen eyes .
tr	9	" Aren 't you the least bit interested in what happened ? "
tr	9	found any one who survived the crash .
tr	11	Jenny was lying on her bunk facing his as he laid down .
tr	11	I begin to find myself plagued by boredom . "
tr	11	The thought that all of this had been caused by his own thinking was almost too much to bear .
tr	6	" I told you , no dreams , " I said , but he just shrugged .
tr	11	I wanted to ask him what was wrong .
tr	7	Landon flicked his suspicious gaze back to Elaina with a frown .
tr	9	He really liked this golf course although he had played many others .
tr	8	Simple as it was , it spoke volumes .
tr	9	I know lots of folks do it because of religion or whatnot .
tr	11	Although she did wonder what Edwin might be wearing to school instead .
tr	10	" We 'll see how you do in your lessons first . "
tr	11	It could have been them who attacked us . "
tr	11	Taught us history and science along with evasive driving , fighting , picking locks , that kind of thing . "
tr	11	I 'm going to research a bit further , and then go find it . "
tr	7	They were probably hired from the nearest town . '
tr	11	The look she gave him was dark .
tr	10	His stomach twisted to knots at the thought of it .
tr	10	They both slipped into the castle , where the captain 's cabin would be .
tr	11	I said , " Guys better enjoy it while you can , tomorrow we 'll start stocking the boat . "
tr	6	" Your bus has been bombed ? "
tr	8	To make matters worse , the traitorous Joseph was gone upon our return .
tr	7	As soon as it was hidden , an air of normality seemed to return .
tr	9	Bing smiled as he looked at the smoking entrance .
tr	11	She took the tiniest steps I had ever known was possible .
tr	7	They wandered back to the group , and Drew told them about the encounter in the café .
tr	8	She looked like she was sleeping .
tr	7	" You can leave now ; your day is done and we 'll talk tomorrow . "
tr	9	I breathed a silent prayer that he 'd forgotten my face .
tr	8	It seemed incredibly old , but the wood was almost as hard as stone and hadn 't cracked at all .
tr	9	I thought I could calm him down .
tr	10	The plane felt hot and there didn 't seem to be any air .
tr	7	" Then the people must not be so prideful , " Julia hissed .
tr	7	" Just as well we 're not in a relationship " smiled Simon .
tr	9	Medical personnel were the most sought after , doctors , nurses , and EMT 's mainly .
tr	9	It was a disaster that he endured his role in twice daily .
tr	5	" However , sir , perhaps this one would do ? "
tr	8	Of course he wanted to marry her !
tr	6	I twirled his dials and flicked his switches , punched and kicked him , and rocked him back and forth .
tr	8	That 's a good one , " Mai giggles , finding the prospect absurd .
tr	6	Three floors at least , with a heavy façade of bricks and white siding .
tr	5	" Rib spreader , " Dr. Warner requested .
tr	8	Red scales faded , turning tan like the desert .
tr	8	He bellows , snapping the women to attention .
tr	11	If the men were already loaded , they might just push ahead despite what Joshua and his team were doing .
tr	7	" Looks like it , " said Gema , passing it over , " anything important or another bloody assessment .
tr	11	She tried to take care of her dad after he was bitten .
tr	6	" Well done , sir . "
tr	8	He possessed piercing eyes , cropped black hair , and a sharp , long goatee and mustache .
tr	11	But first there 's something I have to do .
tr	8	Assassination is always the last module covered in training .
tr	11	That includes those who are still alive amongst our attackers .
tr	8	Shock twisted away from Llama and started looking around .
tr	6	" I can 't , my lady , " he protested , but his voice was not too firm .
tr	7	" That 's no rat , " said Edwin , scooping the offending animal into his hands .
tr	8	" He 's persistent in his exposition , " Goodspeed said .
tr	6	After all , a part of his energy had simply been stolen .
tr	5	At the other end Amy 's eager grin spurred them on .
tr	9	There 's more crime here than you can shake a stick at .
tr	6	" Join the military once school is finished , " was the short and honest reply .
tr	11	The old women asked curiously , trying to catch her breath like the others .
tr	9	The pocket felt odd - lined with some kind of strange material , different from the pants .
tr	8	" Enrico is preparing a bath for you as we speak .
tr	11	She sighed in a way that made it perfectly clear that she was not satisfied with his response .
tr	7	" Do you have a better idea ? "
tr	9	We all hoped he 'd be the one . "
tr	8	She threw her blades down and kicked out at the shield as hard as she could .
tr	7	As he twitched about , I prepared another weapon and passed it to Logan .
tr	11	And what if I don 't do what he wants ?
tr	10	" No one 's going to disappear you kids . "
tr	8	Wherever she is , she won 't be safe for long . '
tr	9	I 'm sure you know him .
tr	7	" But none of you guys are , am I right ? "
tr	8	" I might be getting old , " he thought " but I ain 't dead yet . "
tr	8	Horace decided to remain standing .
tr	5	" Between wisdom and loyalty , Choo , I pick loyalty and truth .
tr	11	I felt her light and the rage soothed to something I could control .
tr	5	" Yeah , well , not last night , it wasn 't . "
tr	10	' I refused the coke she put under my nose . '
tr	7	Any retaliation by rebel forces would start with them .
tr	9	" Dish it out , but can 't take it , eh , buttercup ? "
tr	11	" Warrior , please inform the staff who is in command . "
tr	11	Then it struck me , and I began to rush , nearly throwing people out of the way in my hurry .
tr	10	She had not even realized that she was holding it .
tr	8	The Prince closed his eyes and knelt down to focus .
tr	9	The Angel stopped driving and told the boys to get out .
tr	7	, as many as your mind can imagine . "
tr	7	Make yourself useful and get a fire going . "
tr	7	" Okay , so we 've got the super evil club , " Gabe continues .
tr	6	There 's this one , " he laughs again .
tr	7	Shielding their eyes , they squinted at the enormous panel standing on the ground , pulsing gently .
tr	5	I rode and listened , rode and listened , rode and listened .
tr	9	What a life , sitting on a platform being watched by things you 'd rather eat .
tr	10	A strong desire to hold him and shush him began to build in Claire 's chest .
tr	7	" You leave that to me , " Hawk replied , " I 'll get up there . "
tr	8	I pulled hard on the rope , holding him against the inevitable .
tr	11	He would even have preferred writing out some plans in that ridiculous little notebook .
tr	7	I squirted brown sauce onto my breakfast , arranged my napkin and tucked in .
tr	9	Doable , but it 'd have to be quick . "
tr	9	As what Davin had said sank in , the pieces began to fall into place .
tr	10	Taylor pigs make better pork - who would have thought ?
tr	5	Calico female , long hair , medium build , black whiskers , pink nose and pads , gold eyes .
tr	6	There is no running water , there are no phones , there is no electricity .
tr	10	Yet the Council held no real power to go against the emperor 's will .
tr	6	Look at Lonnie and Ricky .
tr	9	The sun would be smiling just like a small child 's drawing .
tr	11	Nature unleashed and no longer bound by the constraints imposed by ordinary evolution is free to explore multitudes of new avenues .
tr	6	" Well , that 's the thing , " I shouted at his retreating figure .
tr	8	The three days since losing electricity had been the worst of his life .
tr	7	Maybe they had mistaken him for someone else .
tr	9	" So , you 've been lying to your family and hiding overseas .
tr	11	I know everyone here thinks highly of you and Derrick .
tr	6	" And , your room , madam . "
tr	11	Nevertheless she told them she 'd arrange an appointment for the next day .
tr	10	" I was afraid that I got blown off course .
tr	6	' For God 's sake Danny , his name 's Raphael . '
tr	8	Gypsy 's stole my meal ticket -- this was far from over .
tr	9	Veiled in the blue aura of the moonlight mist , a gargantuan temple of grey stone stands among the massive trees .
tr	9	" Does it surprise you that we have no children ? "
tr	10	No part of this book may be reproduced , scanned , or distributed in any print or electronic form without permission .
tr	7	The scent of the seeping mint leaves drifts up , covering his sour smell .
tr	7	Alejo 's voice was flat and a sheen of sweat painted his forehead .
tr	8	I swayed , dizzy on my feet .
tr	6	Herr 'D on crawled and clambered up the dunes , gripping the vines buried deep within the sand .
tr	10	We don 't have time to wait for backup . "
tr	8	He 'd had whole limbs blown off before .
tr	8	I exclaim as I quickly sat up .
tr	7	I blinked and kept going .
tr	6	" No mom , I 'm good , " Hunter said from his room .
tr	7	Sky landed on the ground , formed a large crystal blade in his hand and charged the mysterious man .
tr	9	We 're going to die someday .
tr	6	By 1990 , the super heroes had become a passing fad .
tr	11	I felt I better stick with the guys so I went right .
tr	8	' This is taking too long , ' he murmured , absent-mindedly rubbing the bloodied knuckles on his right hand .
tr	7	It flashed by so fast ; he couldn 't really make it out .
tr	8	What 's more , she told me stories of her life .
tr	11	George knew there was nothing he could do ... . .
tr	9	" I will try to do my best . "
tr	7	' They all useless , the lot of them .
tr	6	My skin breaks out in goose bumps .
tr	7	Kevin Callahan stood over George 's body his back to the door his arms down by his side .
tr	7	Archie and Andy walked over and Archie shook the man 's hand .
tr	7	The skin of my palms is puckering , splitting open .
tr	10	" I told you , she 's been like this since she came back from the mainland .
tr	9	" Yes , I looked around while you were on the lower deck .
tr	11	He could not help but smile , tenderly touching the soft skin and tracing every line on the youthful face .
tr	6	" It was awful , they were awful .
tr	10	Katherine looked at her and could tell how desperately she wanted her closeness .
tr	6	" And there he has you , Finan ! "
tr	9	But Kaylin was able to calm her .
tr	9	A single ruby was now lodged in one of his nostrils .
tr	9	Gerald can give me a tour over Cap Haitian then we 'll head on down the line to the Puerto Rico .
tr	6	The two friends foraged through the orchard for the next two days .
tr	7	" Why did you walk up to the prison ? "
tr	9	As always it was turned so the American continent faced the room .
tr	7	" Let 's stay out here some more , " Lonnie said .
tr	9	Another memory came into my mind , like it had a device or something .
tr	8	His eyes roamed over her body and she felt shivers running down her spine .
tr	5	" Yes ... more magic ... just floating there . "
tr	6	" I am not the Mother , boy , " he spat , " but I am your master .
tr	6	It was a little grey one , floppy and limp like a flannel .
tr	7	When the last guard joined the pile , Vain Glory led Ambiguous Clarity to an archway without a door .
tr	10	" You know the pillars help casters stay well , but they do even more for us . "
tr	8	Kevin hollered from the end of the line .
tr	11	Various throwing weapons line her tan thighs and arms , from knives to shuriken to steel needles .
tr	5	But even so , an odd , prickling sensation worked down his spine .
tr	9	He got me hooked on the game .
tr	6	Maybe for warmth , maybe for protection , maybe , Bax thought , a bit protectively .
tr	8	When the attack came it was as unexpected as it was fierce .
tr	7	" Tell me , gentlemen , have you ever heard of the Passover Giraffe ?
tr	6	' Sure , sure , that 's right Jase , ' the other Fiona says contemptuously .
tr	10	Would she ever see more than the little that he allowed her to see ?
tr	9	She ate the souls of our children and I wonder if we 're next . "
tr	8	The pieces started falling into place .
tr	10	She peered from the door and found the person she was looking for .
tr	6	Her losses were more bitter , more devastating , than anyone 's .
tr	8	" The Sphinx warriors are different from us , perhaps you should meet with them tonight . "
tr	5	Your friend , however , is a wanted criminal .
tr	11	She took it over when her Dad died a couple of years ago .
tr	5	" But , Master , they approach too fast !
tr	9	That is why I am the Firstborn and they were mere Brothers .
tr	10	Riki gave her another slap , and she turned and barked at the girl , " I 'm fine now !
tr	10	" I figured I would head back next week with the family . "
tr	8	She is saying goodbye to someone .
tr	10	Connor could hear sirens approaching quickly and he wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	10	" Are they going to find them ? "
tr	7	The gadget seemed antique in contrast to the high tech sports car , but a perfect solution nonetheless .
tr	9	Having taken what he needed , the shapeshifter released Jimmy , who nearly fell over .
tr	7	" I 'll gut you like an elk ! "
tr	10	" Anyway , not about me I want to talk , but about you . "
tr	6	It wore a mask tight over its face like a second skin .
tr	11	I should have seen he was hiding secrets .
tr	10	Tristan would not allow them to run away otherwise , he was the one to blame .
tr	9	You thought you were in my debt . "
tr	11	Katherine noted Calvin 's voice resonating as they focused on the next cruiser motoring by .
tr	8	she said , with a great deal of feeling .
tr	9	The rain has stopped , and the sound carries across the wide space of the forest .
tr	5	Or , ' In London , the food is much finer ! ' "
tr	8	The man tightened his grip on Huerta 's wrist and leaned in closer .
tr	9	There were several machines cutting and drilling into rocks or , much like vacuum cleaners , sweeping up rocks .
tr	10	Gifts , my father called them , but then again , he doesn 't consider it a virus at all .
tr	9	' The one in the Cayman Islands holds bonds for a dozen financial institutions around the world .
tr	11	He was perched like an owl upon a small throne in the center of the room .
tr	8	" As long as our end is muted , that is . "
tr	8	I tapped Logan on the shoulder as we passed a staircase .
tr	7	He should have killed me .
tr	11	" You need to rest for the sake of the baby . "
tr	9	I hear the faint creaks of their footsteps above and something else .
tr	8	You inspire me to keep writing .
tr	6	Jacob was at one time your closest friend .
tr	8	She strode briskly across the room and snatched the roll from his lips .
tr	8	I looked through the glasses and saw a man and woman sailing in our direction .
tr	8	" We aren 't here to hurt you .
tr	8	What a crock of shit we were living in .
tr	8	She was still there , facing the wall , huddled inside the long sleeves of her black sweater .
tr	9	The impact would have snapped the vertebrae of a lesser woman .
tr	10	They might have been trying to escape .
tr	11	she asked , speaking in Spanish so that their conversation could be somewhat private .
tr	6	He got like that sometimes .
tr	5	" Well , some winters ago I still had family .
tr	11	It was easier said than done .
tr	8	" I 'd prefer you didn 't . "
tr	9	" Time have made a remarkable difference between the worlds , haven 't it ?
tr	6	I shouted out over the howling winds .
tr	10	Lucas yelled , dashing out in front of the oncoming car .
tr	8	That charge has come down through my line these many years .
tr	10	I know you have to go .
tr	6	Mom didn 't leave any clues .
tr	9	The governess bowed and said , " Say hello to your aunt , Miriam . "
tr	6	I 'm twitching harder now .
tr	7	" Doctor Dresden , I can finish this , " Hartman assures him .
tr	7	Neil stared at the brothers , his mouth open .
tr	8	It certainly wouldn 't do any harm to humor Alexius , and maybe it would do some good .
tr	7	" Sure , come on in , " Raj moved aside and beckoned Liz into his apartment .
tr	9	VIN got to the end of his story and began to eat .
tr	5	" Here you are , " she said .
tr	6	" That 's us , " Jim said , " What other suite ? "
tr	8	That 's just because Noah is your friend .
tr	8	Surely if these two were out of the picture nothing could link him to Tern Hill .
tr	9	I figured on old age , still living in the ' burbs , watching TV reruns .
tr	8	When she was barely a step away , she reached up with her dagger and slashed the skin .
tr	7	He certainly wasn 't afraid of hard work .
tr	6	" The fate of both our worlds hangs in the balance . "
tr	7	He was loading another bolt into his crossbow .
tr	9	The old Vauxhall headed west out of Hereford and pulled up in front of the gates to the big house .
tr	6	" Richard is my father , he 's a deadbeat , but still my father ! "
tr	10	He sighed and scanned the ground for the burrows of snow voles or the tracks of mountain fox .
tr	11	Do you know how many of the Most High ever leave Lucien to see the Empire ?
tr	10	Or even playing reasonable to get .
tr	9	The ugly thing was three cushions wide , good enough for a decent night 's sleep .
tr	5	At this , he gave the other council members a significant look .
tr	10	The man tightened his grip making the woman gasp for air .
tr	9	I felt sharper , a bit more in control of my own body now .
tr	9	There were fifteen people in that room besides herself .
tr	10	" The time is coming to ask all your questions , but I want you to work with me .
tr	6	The symbol on the crest is worn away , almost unintelligible .
tr	10	Where 'd you learn to throw like that . "
tr	10	" But it looks like they 're packing up , Da .
tr	9	I turned and fired at a Hunter next to the stairs on my left .
tr	8	The golden legs turn to dust in my hands .
tr	8	I twist my head away from his hands and scramble backwards into the solid tree at my back .
tr	8	" I 'll head him off and chase him back this way . "
tr	9	" I 'm sorry , my Lord , but -- " " Enough , woman ! "
tr	7	Finally , after another hour of rowing , they reached the ship .
tr	10	It was a lot more modern that the others that Andy had just seen .
tr	8	The era of the Millennium with its great spiritual teachers had come and gone .
tr	8	" A strange call came into the embassy in Paris six minutes ago .
tr	7	A lot , by the looks of it . '
tr	8	In the center , within the rectangle , she had sketched the deck plan of an early trading ship .
tr	10	Are you sure nobody is playing games with my space flight ?
tr	7	Surely you have seen them in your travels . "
tr	9	Barely I escaped from Helen , she wanted to come with me .
tr	6	It was warm , wet and everything felt identical , soft , squishy , alien .
tr	10	It was Fate 's doing really .
tr	10	He didn 't want to be with me .
tr	5	" Yes , to light the Dragon Weed , and hurry . "
tr	8	That was a question he often pondered .
tr	8	The old man started to say something .
tr	7	They let out weird shrieking and screaming , both men and women , old and young alike .
tr	8	It 's not much to say . "
tr	11	I was almost 100 % positive that the Fleet Air Arm had never operated Hawker Hunters from its aircraft carriers .
tr	6	Thanks all the same , but we ain 't goin ' , " said Cohen .
tr	11	Gabe opens the back door I 'm not leaning against and holds out a wool blanket .
tr	7	It took him at least three minutes , but he was finally off the lot .
tr	10	I had built up a healthy layer of sweat when a voice suddenly sounded from the trees .
tr	8	The two children playing at his feet were now looking at him and smiling .
tr	9	I walked toward him picking up my blade on the way .
tr	10	He settled into an armchair , leaning against the leather padding like it was a crutch .
tr	6	" I knew it too , " Lilly Ann said softly .
tr	5	" It 's a human farm . "
tr	7	" Look there , " whispered Logan , very close to me .
tr	7	On the other side of the room , Elaina shifted and sighed .
tr	9	Something like be careful what you wish for .
tr	9	Don 't you ever loose that , it is precious - priceless . "
tr	9	" Didn 't they say we had earned our invite already ?
tr	8	She smiled with tears running down her face and walked purposefully into Nathan 's embrace .
tr	6	" Put that way ... let 's get this over with ! "
tr	8	" Shut up boy , or I 'll gut you here in the car !
tr	8	He picked up his cup again and took a long slurp of coffee .
tr	6	" Hands behind your back . "
tr	5	Even without any light , the structure looked huge .
tr	6	" You can 't -- " " No , child , you can 't .
tr	6	In the distance the Davis Strait separating Baffin Island from Greenland stretched pure and clean to the horizon .
tr	8	Before he came out from the screen the lady asked , ' Are you decent ? '
tr	9	the Wolf said as he eyed me even closer .
tr	10	This was the first time that Ted had gotten a really good look at Joe .
tr	6	He was not the same man from Spy Games .
tr	8	" Unless they are all blind , they couldn 't help but see , " Dane said bitterly .
tr	10	Didn 't bother me who he was , gave me twenty notes . '
tr	6	" Wow , " I said with a giant smile on my little mouse face .
tr	7	I really couldn 't do any lab work or anything .
tr	9	He would settle for not being a total disaster .
tr	10	Pausing beneath the canvas , I gazed at the mesmerising shades of blue for silent seconds .
tr	7	Alex said as they hugged .
tr	6	' We need an ambulance now , he 's only just alive . '
tr	6	He made his way to the right , down the catwalk .
tr	11	" Will you keep Mommy 's locket safe for me ? "
tr	5	" The battle silly , " all three girls giggled .
tr	8	He was on a balcony across the street .
tr	8	' The rest of us were justifiably shocked and horrified , to say the least . '
tr	9	Whisper envied Steve , who knew his birth name .
tr	9	" You know , with me being a merc and all .
tr	8	" I thought casters cast and Creators created . "
tr	9	Cade glanced at the pillow and blanket he had used , folded neatly on the foot of the bed .
tr	7	Meanwhile , a hundred miles above Malaysia , his other two pilots were having a party .
tr	9	Who wanted to see me .
tr	10	" I can 't fight these things ; I 'm so going to be toast . "
tr	10	There was an awkward moment at Graves just looked at him quizzically .
tr	8	Regardless , Natasha was all business and she had no time for such foolishness .
tr	9	Be sure to keep count . "
tr	7	He turns his eyes at the sun , closing them .
tr	6	My body lands on a hard sloped rock then tumbles forward on my knees and elbows .
tr	7	" Are you stupid , girl ? "
tr	9	Jimmy struggled to lift a large plank off himself as it suffocated him under its heavy mass .
tr	10	Each cabinet had a plaque with instructions on how to hunt and kill these beautiful creatures .
tr	8	Smiling at the coming journey , I wandered back through the forest towards the road .
tr	9	It would be a big day ahead of them and a challenge to their physical limits .
tr	9	" Lord Rafe mentioned that someone had been hurt . "
tr	9	" I will only speak to the lord of the household . "
tr	10	* * * He awoke , this time more alert with his eyes open wide yet little light reached them .
tr	11	She gasps with widening eyes , noting the large slash through the center of the cloth .
tr	10	Please understand the position I 'm in here .
tr	9	So , I would be a famous author , and my stories would be read and respected by people .
tr	7	" I was thrown out of the bus .
tr	9	Neil asked , offering to help .
tr	10	It was then that an idea suddenly sprang to mind .
tr	11	" What makes you think they know ? "
tr	10	They started to maneuver it through the doorway when Jeff stopped .
tr	7	I rose from the bed , and moved to the door .
tr	8	He 's sworn an oath of secrecy .
tr	7	Don 't get sidetracked , come straight back here . "
tr	8	We were awakened around three by Sam ; " GW get up there 's a fire . "
tr	8	" Wonderful , " replied Janice , who was still flushed and smiling .
tr	9	Maybe Jeff and I should come and meet you at one of your stops .
tr	10	Ricky was happy that he had made his first friend in his new home .
tr	9	They paused together for a moment before they went down into the yard .
tr	8	For your government not to sign that treaty with us would be a very bad decision . "
tr	9	Only a thing remained that would not change and never will be .
tr	9	" It 's a pleasure to meet you , Michelle . "
tr	6	Father to us all , devourer of us all , mortals as well as Gods .
tr	5	" Why do you care ? "
tr	10	We took turns peeking inside .
tr	9	Next , he pointed back the way they 'd come .
tr	7	Dad sounded like he cared .
tr	10	It made me want to cry .
tr	9	" I believe Toby was an exception , " said Jacob .
tr	9	My mind whirled to reconcile this new development , but then I looked down .
tr	9	She felt them taking in the new day 's sun power .
tr	11	Although I couldn 't see it , I was sure it must 've been heavy .
tr	9	And yes , I do not wish to destroy a friendship .
tr	11	That was a chance that Destro was unwilling to take .
tr	9	I crossed the sidewalk to a pair of mahogany double doors and pressed the buzzer for apartment 3A .
tr	10	" Paul , the man who , like you , was healed from blindness by God .
tr	10	After that , they practiced loading the gun until they could both do it quickly and without looking .
tr	10	I was only another wealthy huntsman who wandered through their town .
tr	9	She felt her knee quivered on a single step and stumbled on the ground .
tr	7	He reached down and picked up a brown sack resting on the ground by his chair .
tr	5	" is , by far , the most amazing thing ever created . "
tr	7	With the animals this was instinctive , but with the Indians it was learned , as well as instinctive .
tr	10	Worried she 'd been sussed Katherine took the receiver .
tr	9	" You came in time , " Chase announced , breaking the silence between them .
tr	9	We 've come to bury the old man .
tr	10	Do not bother to return without her .
tr	8	Malcolm fussed around in the room behind me .
tr	9	Michael asked , " and why are there so many of them ? "
tr	10	When the hell am I going to break that news to Ruth ?
tr	8	Rand had fought at his father 's side .
tr	9	Don 't forget that your mother loves you . "
tr	7	By then the sun had sunk and the western sky was becoming dark purple .
tr	8	" Look , there 's the stable and there 's four horses in the corral . "
tr	9	" Given my father 's hospitality , it 's the least we can do . "
tr	11	" Here , " he offers , tossing Rift a necklace of oddly shaped rubies .
tr	6	My legs cramped and my shoulders felt tight and sore .
tr	7	Maybe my father never even knew about me , but my mother had no excuse .
tr	10	' I hope you weren 't angry with us . '
tr	11	Now what am I supposed to do ?
tr	10	' Twenty-five on a first gig 's pretty good for a room that size . '
tr	6	John looked from parent to parent with growing excitement .
tr	6	Seemingly all beak , claws and feathers , Archer beat the man about the head with his powerful wings .
tr	6	" The part about fighting against Western Imperialism .
tr	5	Along the light blue walls , there was valuable artwork and statues everywhere .
tr	7	Who could know my name ?
tr	11	Its wings flapped feebly , blowing gusts of wind out that blew the toppled pool furniture further away .
tr	7	Connie cracked the door on the chain and then opened the door wide .
tr	8	Isaac asked , grinning ear to ear .
tr	7	What did you put in there ? "
tr	11	" Were you trying to get us killed ? "
tr	8	She jumped down out of the bed of the truck .
tr	11	It was Dan checking on what was going on .
tr	9	Back in the store , you said you were ' sort of invisible to ' the zombies .
tr	8	The room was drowned in deep reds , purples and rich earth tones .
tr	7	She rubbed the prisoner 's hand but her words were for me .
tr	6	Literally , " I added , thinking of the traditional theater curse for good luck .
tr	11	Elaina let him pull her into his chest in a crushing hug .
tr	9	I think you should stay here . "
tr	7	Her eyes were glued on the napkin .
tr	6	Or ball gowns from - " " Okay , okay , " Lesley interrupted me impatiently .
tr	9	That made her think of everything herself .
tr	6	She smiled and added , " After a little bathroom break , that is . "
tr	11	The aircraft had been carrying marines and Simpson had identified them as belonging to his old company .
tr	10	I preferred to be invisible and to disappear from background .
tr	8	" I make out three assholes on the second floor and a bunch more downstairs .
tr	11	They could hear a TV set go from loud to mute and then the door opened .
tr	7	The maggots , mice , worms , and spiders eat the flesh and blood , conditioning their bodies and the soil .
tr	6	Won 't you sit down here beside me ? "
tr	10	" I see there are different types here , some are quite distinctive , " he said thoughtfully .
tr	10	She also knew that Julia wouldn 't rise to the bait .
tr	11	I think it was because this was different .
tr	8	With the use of human translators , we managed to establish a trade agreement .
tr	9	Gabe starts at my voice , as if he 'd forgotten my presence .
tr	9	Besides , if they have a child , it 'll make Joseph fall in line again .
tr	10	It was a beautiful sight and worth it to dawdle along the path .
tr	9	A new thing came to the space , a smell of heat .
tr	7	We rose , ran the few steps to the ropes and jumped .
tr	11	Somehow , she still clutched Jimmy 's keys in the same hand that held Mark 's shopping bag .
tr	11	He started to swing his left leg over the horse 's rump and accidentally kicked Ricky in the knee .
tr	6	" Am I a monster ? "
tr	5	With Manuel coming home , it 's all so much more immediate . "
tr	10	The world tilted as we were flung into the air .
tr	6	I studied , I observed , I scanned , really I did , but I saw only the occasional tree .
tr	7	Instead his mind drifted forward sixteen hours to the band 's next meeting with Dave Whitaker .
tr	8	Adele 's eyes had taken on a faraway look and her lips were touched with a reminiscent smile .
tr	8	" Can 't have you catching cold . "
tr	9	Drew shot him a look from narrowed eyes , but could see no evidence of mockery .
tr	9	Given to him by the priest , the cloak primarily conceals the gaping holes in his cheap outfit of faded cotton .
tr	10	Why did garments twist themselves around you when you were in a hurry ?
tr	9	The plush heart bobbed around wildly as he turned the key to Motel Room Number Six .
tr	10	Blood had seeped through the bandage around his wound and stained his trousers .
tr	7	" In the meantime stay with us over night and celebrate our freedom with a feast . "
tr	5	I rub my free hand down my face , blowing out a stressed breath .
tr	8	Passing through the kitchen he stopped at the pantry and grabbed two slices of bread .
tr	6	" We 're all alone out here and we aren 't soldiers . "
tr	6	" Be careful , " Charles Buckle , her guide and old mentor said with a stern sharpness to his voice .
tr	9	" Come now , you have never sat so close to me before -- Darin frightened you .
tr	9	Do you want me ? "
tr	6	He could hardly breathe the dry heat .
tr	11	So he had to have known Carter in some other life .
tr	8	The plain silver walls are segmented in long , rectangular bricks , encircling the entire room .
tr	9	I agreed and I got up , putting the empty glass on the table , heading towards the door .
tr	11	" You 're not going anywhere till you show me who you are . "
tr	6	Off in the distance , something howled .
tr	11	And this is the only thing of value that was brought back from Baffin Island ? "
tr	11	It was only the day before that his shoulder had been pierced by a deadly arrow .
tr	10	The grandfather had no idea how to answer , for barreling towards them was a BC Ferry .
tr	11	" You 've been watching the boy , what are his habits ?
tr	11	My father would have cared nought no matter how high the price ; you killed his favourite son . "
tr	6	" You again , " thought the cat from inside their shared body without question or surprise .
tr	9	He only had eyes for the braid of grass .
tr	10	But why he hadn 't enjoyed it from above deck , Chris had no idea .
tr	7	I wonder what it opens . "
tr	10	He almost begged then , and I wondered if the man grew lonely in his luxurious , empty home .
tr	9	" We 're friends , che , aren 't we ? "
tr	10	Look what had happened with him .
tr	6	" What do you call yourself anyway ? "
tr	5	" About half an hour , " Michael said , " Why ? "
tr	11	We think she sprained her arm when she fell back .
tr	9	He squinted his eyes to keep them clear .
tr	10	Jeff asked as he began to work .
tr	8	Then as quickly as a blink they were gone across the yard , over the fence , and out of sight .
tr	10	Zoe leaned forward , clutching the seat in front of her .
tr	11	A soft glow had settled upon him and his words were directed as much inwards as they were addressing his visitors .
tr	7	He didn 't offer any other explanation , and , for once , she didn 't pester him .
tr	6	Saturday 28th January 1984 By mid-January Richard received the white labelled albums and singles .
tr	8	This time she did not seek , did not reach -- she commanded .
tr	6	" Program is ready , Doctor , " the smirking technician reports .
tr	11	She felt like she ought to be dead .
tr	7	VIN was ready and he floated head first into the vertical tube .
tr	9	I didn 't know that was unusual .
tr	9	" To himself -- absolutely .
tr	6	I gave him a lazy look , then kicked his chair over , with him still in it .
tr	11	I knew Sylvia heard we broke up .
tr	7	They spent the next several turns telling and retelling stories .
tr	9	Mr Brown glared at the boy then turned towards the door .
tr	5	" You still have a bedtime , Missy .
tr	10	I 'd just rather spend what time left with mum , " stated Simon sadly .
tr	11	You 're still willing to act as Mr. Ward 's second ? "
tr	10	Have all you want and more .
tr	7	What 's the status of that bunker door ? "
tr	6	" Good morning , " he said in a friendly tone .
tr	9	The silence that greeted this question was broken by Adele standing abruptly .
tr	5	A second later , I saw Anna stiffen .
tr	7	" So what have you got for us ? "
tr	10	Referring to the Naughty and Nice List again before shoving it back into his pants , he waited .
tr	7	When she opened her eyes she looked bewildered .
tr	10	' We 'll do our best to find him , ' I said quietly .
tr	5	" This is stupid . "
tr	6	The words stumbled out of his mouth in a breathless rush .
tr	10	In comparison to what they 'd just been through , this was a cakewalk .
tr	10	" OK , follow me and I 'll get you to the second gate .
tr	8	They looked awkward in their ill-fitting suits that Chris guessed probably got worn once or twice a year .
tr	9	The other guards followed along silently , not dismissed , and not wanting to miss this .
tr	9	He could barely hear his own words over the bells ringing in his ears .
tr	8	After thinking a moment , the boy answered , " William ... no .
tr	6	' No , no mum ; I 'm all right , honest , ' Beth lied .
tr	10	" Ah , Vivian , it 's lovely to see you again " the extraterrestrial intoned .
tr	7	" They 're taking her back to the platform now . "
tr	10	Was it so farfetched that he now believed this was his ship ?
tr	10	If you get the chance to look closer , you 'll find it 's more than just a diamond .
tr	9	Reid and I braced ourselves against the roof of the vehicle and the headrests of the front seats .
tr	11	So what do you think it all means ? "
tr	9	We 're safe here as long as no one leads the police to the door . "
tr	11	Then , it began speaking when he was among others .
tr	5	With a concerted effort , then , Horace checked his ire .
tr	9	The cafe was small and rundown but proved an ideal place to watch the tavern from .
tr	11	The question was whether you could talk with her about serious things .
tr	9	Hailey did laugh then , and it was clear to Mariposa that Hailey understood the joke the first time .
tr	10	There was no point in getting maudlin about it .
tr	9	As Steve was sliding closer to the centre rim , he allowed himself an upward glance .
tr	7	" You bound him too tightly this morning , " the big man said .
tr	11	It was then that he realized he was very hungry .
tr	5	A few moments later , the lacy minidress replaced my jeans and blouse .
tr	11	I hope civilization takes its sweet ass time catching up to us .
tr	9	Standard procedure was to subdue first and then get answers .
tr	6	Lynn Ballentine , sister of Troy Ballentine , acclaimed captain of the Cass Lake High School hockey team .
tr	6	" This is just day one , " he answered .
tr	8	Riki hopped up and down with excited agony and gnawed on one nail .
tr	9	CHAPTER THIRTEEN Toby and Victoria leaned back on the sofa in the study together and smiled at one another .
tr	7	If the place wasn 't so creepy , it 'd actually be kinda cool .
tr	10	I tell them starting to stand up .
tr	9	When he looked down at the wreck and saw nobody there , he felt a swirl of conflicting emotions .
tr	9	He was really looking forward to feeling their force .
tr	6	After a moment , the inspector went on in a musing voice .
tr	9	But who , and why ?
tr	8	With a crack , the idol broke out of the corpse 's fingers and floated up into the air .
tr	8	" Look for a note and dust the whole place , it 's a crime scene until I say different .
tr	7	Seeing a few lights bobbing about , they took a wide detour around them and stumbled across a dead American sergeant .
tr	8	All of the floors had names except the top , he noted .
tr	9	A stressful audition followed by three years of hard work had finally paid off .
tr	10	I took up guard next to him , my eyes glued on the moving faces .
tr	11	What 's curious is that she never lets anyone in there ... ... .
tr	5	His short , raven hair frames his pale complexion , high cheekbones and sculpted lips .
tr	6	The two hunters took a room at the town square inn uphill from the tavern .
tr	9	" Tried to kill us all decades ago .
tr	8	This has been my dream since my earliest childhood -- my only dream . "
tr	7	Reckless , Mom said , but I looked up to my big sister .
tr	9	He picked it up , tore it open , and found himself staring , dumbfounded , at the contents .
tr	11	It was good to see Joey laugh again .
tr	11	I should be able to get out of any situation .
tr	7	" That is our name for it .
tr	10	He was planning on hanging out at the beach .
tr	11	Tired of not knowing what to do .
tr	8	Alejo grinned and he and Gabriel scraped some chairs over to the tiny table with the others .
tr	10	" Fat lot of good you 'll do about it holed up in here . "
tr	7	" As of this morning we have two million people , and we 're getting more every hour .
tr	10	I am very sorry you ran away , darling .
tr	8	" Besides , it may be cold in the cave .
tr	9	It used to be home for over thirty thousand people , remember ?
tr	5	" Yes , the - " " Hmmmm ... , " he said .
tr	6	" Oh , but I must finish it now !
tr	8	With a loud clunk , noisy fans activate to vent the smoke .
tr	8	Braun hesitated , " I 'm not sure , the company might be close by .
tr	9	He kept them stashed behind his back .
tr	10	She was the one he had paid attention to .
tr	9	If you weren 't a motorcycle or swimming pool , I wasn 't interested .
tr	7	Her face is too stoic for a child .
tr	6	They found boots , shoes , dresses , pottery , tools , jewels , and gems .
tr	7	Two women , a cougar , and some poor guy stuck full of arrows . "
tr	9	She twitched in sympathy as the woman 's eyes flew wide and she flailed helplessly .
tr	6	Lord Brogan patted his son 's shoulder .
tr	8	I didn 't come here for posterity 's sake .
tr	11	I don 't think he knew what half the words meant .
tr	7	" I 've been hiding the truth .
tr	6	* * * Little Spirit took the stage ; the first band of three .
tr	8	This caused both riders to be winded .
tr	8	She did not see a man 's dark face peer cautiously after her from behind a hanging .
tr	7	Rafe felt a little easier at this circumstance .
tr	7	With the stiff over there , that 's four now .
tr	6	" All over the school message boards , " Tori explained .
tr	6	Smiling , Chris patted it on the head .
tr	6	Down in Arizona , Army Group South had two infantry and two armored divisions .
tr	7	" White Eagle , this bird 's greed for golden metal is only a test of God Sun .
tr	10	That was all there was to it .
tr	10	" Because we 're at war and have been since time immemorial . "
tr	11	I 've got people trying to kill -- " He pulled me to him and his mouth covered mine .
tr	10	I want her to see our weavers and where they work .
tr	10	" There were eight of us working on this project . "
tr	6	But that did he not disclose .
tr	5	" Who else could it be ? "
tr	10	Looking back in the darkness , John strained his eyes scanning for what they almost hit .
tr	10	That they could hold out in the midst of Mad Max 2012 and survive ?
tr	11	It was no luxury apartment in the Fortress of Lucien , but it was ... a home .
tr	8	We trotted through the streets of Paris with a renewed sense of freedom .
tr	8	Minutes passed , and Jacob waited in silence , staring at a blank screen .
tr	6	" Every thing on the planet , living and not , has an energetic field .
tr	9	Anyway , she swears I laughed , and she looked into my eyes and had this kind of epiphany . "
tr	7	I heard a bunch of expletives in French .
tr	6	He next ordered liver function tests , an electrocardiogram , an echocardiogram , an ultrasound and a urinalysis .
tr	7	Show me the horses , " he said .
tr	9	" Of course it 's me , dingbat . "
tr	11	It 's the only way I 'll know for sure . '
tr	11	There was something about Sydney that got to me and it bothered me .
tr	9	' I wouldn 't mind having a go at the man myself . '
tr	7	Receiving a vague nod in return , she turned back to the assembled dignitaries .
tr	10	She felt a declaration brewing , and didn 't want to hear it .
tr	11	The one he wouldn 't let us ride in ? "
tr	7	I hear loud lute music and smell lemongrass and then everything around me goes black .
tr	9	She quickly unscrewed the cap and began pouring water into her eyes .
tr	8	If they haven 't moved him , Phillip will be in the west wing .
tr	7	How many visitors accidentally snap the perfect shot , not realising others have waited hours and days for the privilege ?
tr	9	You have to get going .
tr	9	Josie was a little perturbed herself .
tr	6	Including the wounded , we lost perhaps close to a thousand men .
tr	10	They will only say he 's still in there .
tr	6	On the second floor , the four men each quietly drew their weapons , knives and swords .
tr	9	Minutes later , I had an address for the Zurich phone number that Strauss had been calling .
tr	6	A series of flashes erupted on the ground behind them .
tr	8	I said , " I think so , sounds like someone 's reading off a list of names . "
tr	5	" That 's cliché . "
tr	10	I did what I came to do .
tr	8	I thought just mom burned something .
tr	8	Beside her rode another boy on a palomino just as large , laughing with simple joy at life .
tr	6	He 's distracted , vulnerable .
tr	6	" The Empire is good , " he said emphatically .
tr	6	A pool of light shimmered up ahead .
tr	11	I looked back at the commander , who was yelling something .
tr	9	The truck followed , swerving around old stumps and downed trees .
tr	8	A sleek black Hummer glided to a stop in front of the apartment , purring in the early morning chill .
tr	7	There were two black SUVs on our tail .
tr	7	" I doubt it , but at some point she probably was . "
tr	8	" Civil unrest on a continental scale , " Kevin muttered as he watched the big screen .
tr	9	" What is wrong with you , boy ?
tr	9	I ran in out of the rain , pushing through the heavily studded oak doors .
tr	10	" It was ancient when they first came into the land .
tr	10	This was going to be interesting , he thought to himself .
tr	11	His gang laughed , more from a general belief that it was expected of them rather than any real mirth .
tr	6	Mark and Maria took a tentative step forward , out of the elevator .
tr	7	says a voice from inside , " That one 's not the Watcher 's brood . "
tr	11	" How 's that possible if they 're near the top of the ladder ? "
tr	8	But then why did I feel my hope slipping away ?
tr	9	Darin was a fool , she 'd told him this wouldn 't work .
tr	11	You could only hope to beat the odds so many times .
tr	6	" They killed him , " Josh said through long , pained breaths .
tr	6	" Of course , I understand the reference , " she said , in a caustic tone .
tr	5	The Great Seal and the Lesser Seal , also called the Holy Vessel .
tr	8	Miriam scowled as Mana left the room .
tr	8	Less than two minutes later the little girl stopped beside a large boulder .
tr	6	The lights blinked several times , then remained off .
tr	8	And then something else tickled the back of the Prince 's mind .
tr	5	The first thing Brand noticed was the temperature .
tr	8	" A mask is why you 've come ?
tr	9	" You don 't like me very much do you ?
tr	5	" What is it ? "
tr	7	Between these two arms , a long stretch of water produced some of the best surf on the entire coast .
tr	8	Melted plastic - the pocket was fused shut .
tr	9	But what if he 's denied the opportunity ?
tr	11	Whatever this is , it 's set to happen in about an hour and a half . "
tr	11	Cheers showered from all around as the spectators applauded them as the champion of the contest .
tr	8	" My best friend Ruben was a year younger than me , and he was from a poorer family , Quechua .
tr	10	" Ben , I would never use your name and the word tinker in the same sentence , " said William .
tr	6	Actually it was a dead oak tree , so , technically , he hadn 't committed a crime .
tr	9	' We 're investigating the murder of one of your clients , a Professor HE Strauss .
tr	11	It was a look they had not seen upon him to this point .
tr	7	That night the Faith ambushed us near Rome -- he knew his way about a fight .
tr	6	" Relax , in a few moments all will be revealed ... . "
tr	6	One pointed his pistol -- a large one -- and the other kid shot into the air .
tr	9	He said , " I 've no use for it . "
tr	9	She opened her mouth to speak , but nothing came out .
tr	9	' Ok ' he said , ' I will tell HHR to get the gold paint out then ' .
tr	10	" I can see the bonfire , " Melanie stated , but she made no move to get up .
tr	8	The Wise Old Man would help them get there .
tr	9	But I don 't think I 'm cool .
tr	10	Without it , there is not enough left in her to heal all of this .
tr	8	It is time to celebrate .
tr	8	Missy knelt down in the thin grass and got close to the ground .
tr	9	You can be whatever the occasion calls for .
tr	11	" I should think you 'd be called the Horse People .
tr	10	She tries to shift but winces as her joints scream at her .
tr	9	All the kids from the school and most of the teachers were there .
tr	8	Now he appeared to be unconscious .
tr	9	Are they noticing something is amiss ?
tr	9	After rounding the headland Katherine said , ' That 'll do it . '
tr	7	A small group walked towards the waiting locomotive , and the city woke around us .
tr	8	It grasped her neck and she had turned to ash , then vanished like the others .
tr	9	" Only for the moment , and we promise to treat you well , " said Harold .
tr	8	In desperation , I yelled after him , " if you change your mind , look me up , Bink ! "
tr	9	He had to get going .
tr	7	At the far end of the crowd he saw the professor , Arthur Cobb .
tr	5	" Since yesterday afternoon , Master . "
tr	8	" Look , " she said , motioning with her head .
tr	6	Neither one of them had ever heard a real gun shot .
tr	6	' You 're clear , ' a voice replied in our earpieces .
tr	8	She would not tell a lie in the old tongue .
tr	6	' We were partially successful , ' Victor replied .
tr	8	This is where I make my steel .
tr	11	How awkward for them to have to drink that way all the time .
tr	7	" But Dad , won 't they attract the dogs ? "
tr	9	' Show me where she is ' .
tr	5	" No , but I am a biological engineer .
tr	9	One of her ancestors was captured by pirates in the 17th century . "
tr	11	" Maya , what have you been up to ? "
tr	7	Keep guessing , you 'll figure it out eventually , " he laughed .
tr	9	George sensed that Robbie was no longer behind him .
tr	11	How is it possible to be changed by one person ?
tr	7	The voice was insistent but Finan did not hear it .
tr	7	I saw you and the older gentleman entering his house " confessed Kiara with a smile .
tr	10	Could it be that his Mother had engineered this after all ?
tr	9	Chilly , gunmetal eyes widened slightly as they focused on me .
tr	7	Malcolm smiled , flashing his dimples .
tr	5	" Gosh , Mom , " he said .
tr	11	She shivered as the timeless eyes swung round to face her again .
tr	7	The guy was the French version of Betty Crocker .
tr	5	No , you go on .
tr	6	" What do you do here ?
tr	10	When I left him at the Isle of Saint Marie , he was barely alive .
tr	9	He had watched the entire occurrence with both lightness and heaviness in his heart .
tr	7	Again , they pushed it but it didn 't bulge ; they panted and leaned against the muddy wall .
tr	8	But they end up in the Tribal Area , or God knows where else . "
tr	9	The two riders quickly regained control and found themselves travelling towards a construction site .
tr	8	Elaina nodded and did her best not to grimace .
tr	8	She tasted the dampness and the stink of fungus lining the walls .
tr	11	She was just running through the final slides when she sensed someone watching her .
tr	7	Some additional weirdness is definitely happening to me .
tr	10	He was starting to wonder about himself as well .
tr	5	Then again , people die every day .
tr	8	Reid leaned out of the window again and emptied the magazine in the Glock .
tr	7	At this very moment , your lovely , precious daughter is being whisked away .
tr	5	" Hey , wait a sec . "
tr	6	She shook her head slowly , her brown eyes locked on the ground at her feet .
tr	10	You can 't live life vicariously , you have to stomp in it and get your boots muddy .
tr	8	It was innocent and real , no sign of pretense like that of someone he knew .
tr	9	His life was extraordinary in every sense of the word .
tr	7	At his signal , the guards swung the gates open , and the mob moved aside .
tr	9	Lance lifts off the floor and hovers in the air above the floor .
tr	6	The wide slice down his back was a flesh wound , but a severe one .
tr	6	Gabe brings back a scarred pit bull , the leash wrapped tight around his hand .
tr	10	Claire looked round , expecting to see the ballet teacher lurking nearby .
tr	8	He gives me a small smile , but can 't keep the tremor out of his extended hand .
tr	11	She must have been a disaster to look at .
tr	8	The trio eventually arrived at the private area of the space port where people kept their own ships .
tr	7	I could have married you .
tr	5	Aunt Libby ' s fifteen-year-old navy blue Schwinn was no sexy Harley Night Rod .
tr	7	I was silent , watching the house , being very beautiful .
tr	7	Turning her head to Lucas , she quickly added , " Though casting offensive spells indoors is highly ill-advised . "
tr	9	I 'd rather stay the night in a RAF base than in the desert , wouldn 't you ? "
tr	8	There can be no other choice for us .
tr	6	Lord Rafe was a kind , generous man .
tr	11	Di Luca interrupted , turning to Jacob and I. " I 've been such a boor .
tr	7	Ah , well , a little fear will make them cautious .
tr	7	She zipped the bag and slung it over her shoulder .
tr	6	Instead of laughter , however , she heard an impressed , " Oooh . "
tr	9	" Yes , a great achievement , twenty-one orbits of Earth by a spacecraft , a private one at that .
tr	11	She treated me like I was invisible .
tr	9	Almost paralyzed with fear , Rift takes his battle stance , waiting for Mai 's instruction .
tr	5	" The main entrance is down that way . "
tr	7	Slowly the grimace on the big face slid off and he let out a resigned sigh .
tr	8	" I am Randy , " the boy answered , " Lilly is in the house .
tr	8	" Where are we supposed to go ? "
tr	8	They would be coming for him , for her .
tr	8	I almost missed the first swing of his blade and lurched backward awkwardly .
tr	7	You likely won 't be here for the harvest . "
tr	7	Neil shouted , losing his patience .
tr	7	1979 , Iranian students stormed the US Embassy in Tehran and held fifty-two American hostages for 444 days .
tr	10	The gap , however , widened and became a sandy straightaway that led into the trees .
tr	9	There was a disturbance in the mound of debris .
tr	9	There was nothing she could say .
tr	10	" You get more pity when you 're crippled like that . "
tr	11	" I might misunderstand your concern and think it 's some other emotion , " he hinted .
tr	10	Her screams rise and fall over the deafening sound of lightning , splitting tombstones and mountains alike below her .
tr	10	To get a chart position anywhere from 100 to 28 was quite easy .
tr	10	" I will not be told what I can and cannot do . "
tr	8	" The other day , when I woke up , I saw something , " he said .
tr	8	Each generation that undertakes this quest must pledge his undying oath to the king .
tr	7	Much as that troubled one part of his brain , another just couldn 't help it .
tr	6	Well , your little boy is adorable , eh -- " " Gray Kelly , " I introduced him .
tr	5	She wrinkled her nose painfully .
tr	6	" For the meantime , perhaps , but I 've prospects , and David Campbell knows that .
tr	10	" I agree with both of you , but it still makes me a bit uneasy , " Abby said .
tr	11	At first he thought he 'd been struck by lightning .
tr	10	Tori read what was written on it .
tr	7	See that path over there ?
tr	8	But only their quick , hurried breathing disturbed the silence .
tr	9	He recalled the lesson from the guards about approaching each situation with caution and preparedness .
tr	9	I kept thinking he might .
tr	10	" Well then , seems like they 've suffered quite the ... ordeal .
tr	7	The young man 's smile lit up his entire face , and his smiling eyes reached out to me .
tr	7	" Yeah , I kind of thought the same thing , too , " I answered , also feeling relieved .
tr	11	The kid keyed his speed dial , " He 's heading for the gym for sure .
tr	10	Rift asks , flipping backward off the pedestal as the shadow reaches an undesirable proximity .
tr	11	Use what you have learned to love .
tr	10	I reckon I should have told somebody .
tr	10	he moaned , leaning over onto his knees with head in his hands .
tr	10	These are tough times , and what that means is you 've got to earn these things . "
tr	8	I was looking for the toilets , " mumbled Simon " Sure !
tr	6	Then again , from the military corners and the tight white sheets , maybe he couldn 't help himself .
tr	7	The visor over my eyes slid open and I looked the man up and down with my real eyes .
tr	11	" Doctor , I hope you aren 't suggesting I don 't care about my crew .
tr	9	" Madame Secretary , um , is that what I call you , or ? "
tr	10	We don 't have much time so don 't take too long . '
tr	7	" Don 't worry , we 're jake , " Mark said calmly .
tr	5	" My lady , " said the hearth companion softly .
tr	5	" Your seats , Sirs , " he said .
tr	6	I blew air through my lips .
tr	7	He did know so much about the palace .
tr	11	Toby was impressive , with a photographic memory to complement his obviously high IQ .
tr	6	There are no laws and no morals .
tr	7	The man smiled cheerily and said , " Okay , then .
tr	7	They too were soon all freed and the lads shouted to them : " Run away ! "
tr	8	" Do you really doubt it ? "
tr	6	And before you ask , yes , I will bring you right back here . "
tr	5	In that way , Chewy thought , Korea and school were similar .
tr	10	" I guess it boils down to that , " Taylor confirmed .
tr	11	I had to help get Victor some wheels . "
tr	6	" That was actually 4 ' l0 " .
tr	6	" Theodosia , my dear , please , " he cautioned .
tr	11	It will be a slaughter I am sure , " Dresden states scratching his chin .
tr	10	It was silly of him to be jealous of Billy , for a number of reasons .
tr	9	Steam rose from the pot as the servant scooped a sickly green soup into the bowls .
tr	6	Beppe and Simon waited patiently , both deep in their own thoughts .
tr	10	" Not a problem " I laughed with Abby , knowing that wasn 't a tragedy .
tr	7	On the left , an entire wall was stacked high with beer barrels .
tr	8	After a glance back toward the darkened tunnel , I gently shook the man 's shoulder .
tr	8	And Noah , good friend that he was , never asked .
tr	7	" It means duty , obligation and a disruption to our peace " replied Astrid with a sigh .
tr	6	Just then , one of the fallen Hunters coughed and blinked .
tr	9	I 'm sure you like it .
tr	8	After night had fallen , an old delivery van arrived and the two bodies were removed .
tr	9	You have to keep going .
tr	8	He knew he would be .
tr	9	The women seemed more inclined to like Elaina .
tr	8	Still more men battered at the farm 's gate , their cries filling the air .
tr	7	The bullet was imbedded between the beady eyes .
tr	7	Chapter 14 The Temple he rain continued through the night .
tr	5	And the last I checked , you only have the summer . "
tr	11	Yes , this was shaping up to be a pretty good day after all .
tr	7	Simon inched nearer and nudged her with one elbow .
tr	9	" So you 're betting that this chaos is permanent ? "
tr	10	The girl gestured at the top of the tower ahead of them .
tr	10	We didn 't mean to stay at that bar quite so long . "
tr	9	He felt her arms go around him and felt her shoulders tremble .
tr	11	" That was only to be expected , Captain , " she said .
tr	7	Immediately I slumped to the ground , my chest heaving .
tr	5	" Technically , yes , but not for the reason you think . "
tr	11	You have to learn to let go .
tr	7	My name is Miriam , " she told her , speaking slower .
tr	8	Another pair of eyes wouldn 't hurt , " he said , adjusting his outfit a little .
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	8	Again , something he didn 't know was possible happened .
tr	10	I just wanted to help you cut those ropes .
tr	7	' It belonged to my mother , ' she replied defiantly .
tr	8	She stood her ground defiantly in the face of the critical stares around her .
tr	8	Each Trojan is fitted with a receiver , but instead of receiving data , it receives power .
tr	10	Do you agree with this ? "
tr	7	' People can 't just appear ... I mean , not out of nowhere ... can they ? '
tr	6	" Well , up to this moment not too bad , but the day is young . "
tr	11	She was whispering , though she didn 't know why .
tr	9	I hate when the old man is right , " Jason punches the metal wall and winces .
tr	5	" You confuse me , Captain . "
tr	9	" David , why is the damn car not starting ? "
tr	8	" Well you were mostly asleep on Steve 's shoulder at that point . "
tr	6	Amelie read their lewd intentions as well and , unfortunately , she wasn 't as focused .
tr	9	' What do you know about the Book of Genesis ? '
tr	6	How Julie felt , how she and Paul felt , the lunches , the necklace , even the dance .
tr	7	You get a look at those bodies .
tr	9	I want to leave it all .
tr	11	" I have to run into town for supplies .
tr	9	It was time to check in .
tr	7	Conquering all my fears , I climbed down the stairs and headed down towards the secret golden room .
tr	6	With a grunt and a faked vomiting sound , he laughs and drags in the diamond brokerage manager .
tr	8	" He could only have gotten in a few miles . "
tr	8	He knew all the players , knew how things worked .
tr	9	From what I 've been told , it was astonishing .
tr	10	" I thought that some of the parts looked awfully familiar , " Taylor smiled .
tr	10	" Oh my God , Abby , we have to take you to a hospital and to call the police . "
tr	10	But the truth is , their territory has shrunk to nothing .
tr	6	' Not a lot , ' I said with a shrug .
tr	11	" Let me go over a few of the key issues decided , " Reggie continued .
tr	7	As for me , if we 're lucky , no one will glimpse me in the carriage anyway .
tr	6	The sight of her bloody foot dismayed Pierre greatly .
tr	8	While they only had hunting rifles and knives , it would be enough .
tr	6	With a loud squeal , the latch slid , and the metal door creaked open .
tr	9	He would have ignored it completely , but his thirst was getting the better of him .
tr	7	" By God , " declared the bishop , " this will be a miserable man ! "
tr	10	" I think he 'll stay indoors for a bit . "
tr	8	You have been prepared for this task .
tr	7	I spread my arms towards the window , all the world like a dramatic performer .
tr	8	He looked over his shoulder again , missing Neela 's growing agitation .
tr	8	But since you put it so politely I will get to the point . "
tr	6	In recent weeks they escaped Tartarus , ambushed the Greeks , enslaved them and seized the throne .
tr	7	Can 't we talk about all this over dinner ?
tr	11	Somebody move this piece of shite before I trip over it . "
tr	7	It is indeed the language of the Old Ones .
tr	7	Jackson came up to the bridge and saluted .
tr	8	And they were to do the deed today .
tr	8	Well congratulations , look at what a wonderful son you 've raised ! "
tr	6	" Why are you telling me this ? "
tr	6	" Oh this is wonderful , " said the girl clapping and doing some spinning of her own .
tr	10	" You 're saying we should put him down ? "
tr	7	As it made contact , Paul 's consciousness was engulfed in a brilliant , white , electrical flash .
tr	7	Adele knelt at Finan 's side , smearing ointment on his wound .
tr	9	" They probably think it 's William 's account .
tr	7	" My wife speaks of you fondly , " Harald said .
tr	8	Gentle , rolling fields were filled with farmers and their families all hard at work .
tr	6	Some days , after a particularly hearty argument , they 'd couple fast and furiously .
tr	8	I like how calm he is and his trot is smoother . "
tr	7	Other than his cloak , Mr. Clancy took only a small pouch .
tr	8	She is a devout worshipper of Umbra and built his church . "
tr	9	he called as he moved toward the bow .
tr	5	" Was ... Was everywhere you looked , " he added thoughtfully .
tr	6	" I know , Col , but he 's still a human being , a blind human being now . "
tr	10	" Tell them we 'll be there in two minutes .
tr	11	I 've tried to get past them and do right .
tr	11	But I 'll try my best to do so , and to stop whomever 's responsible , God damn them . "
tr	8	' The half-breed , ' he hissed , recognition dawning in his narrowed eyes .
tr	10	That would only cause more harm , if harm has indeed befallen him .
tr	7	Not to mention the fact that someone is already after him . "
tr	5	A Wildlife Officer friend told us .
tr	9	I told you not to fool around with that black magic ! "
tr	10	difﬁcult to get used to .
tr	9	She tried to push him away but her hands were clutched on her back with his grip .
tr	10	We stared for hours at the works of Renaissance masters and the intricate stone carvings of sculptors long dead .
tr	9	She is annoyed by the nervousness in her voice .
tr	10	That is , everything that was visible .
tr	10	Not something to be taken lightly . "
tr	9	He looked down at the pitch and could see two level eight fighters resuming the action .
tr	7	Still , the workouts made a nice break to the monotony , and Logan even joined me .
tr	10	" Yes I have but I 'd prefer to hear yours first . " "
tr	7	" There is a crater just coming into sight below us ! "
tr	11	" I 've chosen what 's right for me .
tr	8	But I 'm here on Elder Crane 's orders , so I need something now ! "
tr	8	First , from his concealment behind a parked car , came Atlas .
tr	11	" That is enough for today ; I 'll call you if I need aught else . "
tr	7	Looking at the man 's size , Timothy asks , " Are you a football player ? "
tr	9	He could tell the girl was sincere .
tr	11	The other was that countless Federal United Express trucks had been dispatched in his name .
tr	10	His brain seemed to have stopped working .
tr	8	He laughed and took a sip of wine .
tr	8	Three of the men in tuxedos pushed me aside and rushed to their boss .
tr	8	Around me , friends gave chase , dashing after the escaped man .
tr	9	We just need to move quicker , " Simon said .
tr	7	" Maybe you could walk me around the estate tomorrow . "
tr	9	Reaching the public beach , Chris saw that most of the late afternoon crowd was gone .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " Mom said , always the pessimist .
tr	7	" The kiss , I ... I liked it very much .
tr	10	He was almost gone when one of the guards called after him .
tr	8	A single , white porcelain lamp with a scuffed shade was shining from the corner next to the sofas .
tr	9	He found himself still sitting in the BMW and staring at the information console .
tr	7	" No , no , VIN , just walk gently and lightly , " said Suzi laughing .
tr	7	Katherine however showed her the mirror and identified the similarities Amy shared with the magazine goddesses .
tr	8	I called him in to distract and lead you away from Jolie . "
tr	7	None of it did anything to me , of course , but I kept a respectful distance anyway .
tr	5	" Probably , yes , of course , here in the office , anytime . "
tr	10	He wasn 't aware that he had spoken aloud , wasn 't even sure who he was anymore .
tr	7	Blackjack suddenly snaps out his huge right hand , grabs Mona by the arm and yanks her easily into his lap .
tr	10	We were just about to have a warm drink and some pastries . "
tr	8	The girl froze , and then slowly turned to him , her face blank .
tr	7	Maybe then they 'd think twice about any drastic changes .
tr	7	The day was drawing to a close .
tr	8	Sofia draw out a smile of agreement , rolling her eyes over the place .
tr	7	" Maybe somebody 's poaching out of season .
tr	6	" Cadet Thompson , Cadet Sims , restroom duty , NOW ! "
tr	6	Sally glared hypocritically , but Gabe 's wagging finger and icy stare backed her down .
tr	11	" You need to learn to bite properly .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , lass , " the man said , his Highland Scots accent thick .
tr	10	He couldn 't be sure that he had checked all the walls .
tr	11	" We can eliminate the ones that like good movies , " Gomez replied .
tr	10	You may pretend you are like them .
tr	5	" No , I 'm not , " I say too fast .
tr	7	As soon as he could , he got out of the draw and headed southwest .
tr	9	He strategically kept his face from showing on multiple cameras . "
tr	6	At the announcement , the guard just stared at the minister for a long moment .
tr	10	" Archie 's probably mouthed off to someone inside the pub and is getting a beating . "
tr	9	Kaylie announced , after stuffing the last couple fries in her mouth .
tr	8	He fell silent , and waited for the Elder 's response .
tr	6	Once again , the door swings open and water twists and soars in every direction .
tr	8	" We should probably get her a shirt , " he says .
tr	10	He shuddered and fell to his knees , the knife falling from his hands .
tr	9	There was work to be done .
tr	10	I thought maybe we could help each other , so I held off . "
tr	9	He pressed , " You know all about mine . "
tr	7	We 'll start tomorrow at six .
tr	8	These craft were smaller and slightly shorter than the shuttles in Hangar Six .
tr	10	He wanted to kill Father in his delirious state .
tr	11	I promise to tell you mine afterwards .
tr	6	" TJ , " her secretary Alice intoned , " Mr. Richards on line one . "
tr	5	Jenn , Stacey , Rhonda , Jan , Will , Robin , and Raven .
tr	10	It seemed to make her feel better .
tr	8	That was who this all came down to .
tr	7	The dark man loosened a rope , threaded it through the eaves with a loop and then carefully lowered it .
tr	11	So I did what I thought was best .
tr	8	If I look at him I 'll break down .
tr	5	Only the best and yet he ate alone each evening .
tr	9	She grabbed the key from his hand and stuck it roughly in the keyhole .
tr	9	It always sucks to lose a good NCO , but to lose two at a time really hurts .
tr	11	It is beyond anything you are familiar with .
tr	10	His belongings would be divided up among the others if he didn 't return .
tr	9	Still refusing to release his sword , Link lifts his shield as the inevitable attack commences .
tr	10	The thought of being romantically involved with any guy hadn 't crossed my mind in quite awhile .
tr	8	Whisper felt uneasy as in other missions he always had ample background information .
tr	8	Without another word , or any hesitation , Joe spun in Ted 's direction and charged .
tr	7	" Pretty dangerous , " Noah said more to himself than to the Mouse .
tr	9	The one who 'd stepped forward had not come any closer .
tr	6	Wars and more wars and more wars , death and blood and suffering , the human condition .
tr	7	" We have been followed and in a while they will attack .
tr	9	Rand did not reply , but turned back to his contemplation of those beneath the shelter of the out crop .
tr	5	" So again I ask , are they enemies or allies ? "
tr	8	" They were ... people were ... here ? "
tr	5	" The Trade District , my dear , " he clarified .
tr	10	" Have you ever heard him say so ? "
tr	5	" Suction , " Dr. Warner called out .
tr	8	We don 't have time for that anymore .
tr	9	Don 't they trust you with one of the Dog People 's fabled horses ? "
tr	7	" She 's not kidding , she - " Jimmy started to say .
tr	10	Bill Foley was a retired cop who did light maintenance at the inn .
tr	6	" ... and , well , he wasn 't frequenting it alone . "
tr	11	Taylor was the first to follow suit , after him Hunt , Spade and Farmer .
tr	8	There was a sudden knock at the door and they looked up , away from the fire .
tr	10	Do I really look like a bounty hunter ? "
tr	7	You will leave your luggage and then we 'll go and visit the Mill family .
tr	11	" He 's got a lot of vacation time accrued , I guess , " said the man .
tr	11	Viola had problems with her stepfather who was violent to her family .
tr	11	Do you know what I am ? "
tr	8	He asks , subconsciously moving his precious toy out of view .
tr	9	He was a dark bay with a blaze on his forehead .
tr	9	That was going to be tricky .
tr	10	I had to be strong , no matter what .
tr	10	' I know it 's not pleasant Graham but is it working ?
tr	10	As you know , Fuchs sifted through the palace 's staff , removing all the lower classes -- a distasteful business .
tr	8	As the sound of giggling came nearer Claire swallowed , urging her legs to move .
tr	8	Whether or not that meant the intruder had left the room , I didn 't care .
tr	8	" Try something like that again and I 'll neuter you ! "
tr	5	' This young woman - ' ' She 's my friend . '
tr	6	Her vitals are dropping fast .
tr	7	This wasn 't a wholly rational terror , but it was real enough .
tr	9	Probably we went to the South of France or were packed off to relatives .
tr	8	The ship was flying straight towards it and an island appeared underneath them .
tr	7	He 'd choke the gigantic freak with it .
tr	6	Some , like Tony , did it for the rush .
tr	9	He bit off a tiny portion and rolled it around on his tongue before chewing it up .
tr	9	The last exclamation was offered in exasperation as another interruption presented itself .
tr	8	Chapter 8 : Marine Mammal Massacre Thomas and Angela sat quietly in the restaurant , looking quite misplaced .
tr	8	You have to get Jess and Anna up tomorrow , too .
tr	11	But John right away produced an explanation , " I know what 's going on .
tr	8	He saw Captain Green smile knowingly .
tr	7	She doesn 't have a mother anymore , but she does have a father .
tr	10	he shouted , getting tired of waiting .
tr	10	I left her there ; every hand was needed to defend the parapet .
tr	6	His heart can 't keep this up much longer .
tr	10	Helen took a step back from the coffee machine so she could see through the break room doorway .
tr	8	" You just have to convince them . "
tr	9	" You like dogs , " said Nathan trying to lighten the conversation .
tr	8	She turned the hose on the Cat to stop him .
tr	7	" I need you , my Rosa , " he whispered against her lips .
tr	9	Toby could see everyone seated at the conference room table .
tr	8	Let 's go in and explore a bit . "
tr	8	He fell to the ground as the Falcon moved forward again .
tr	8	She had never seen finer in her life .
tr	6	It had , after all , been his idea .
tr	10	What do you have left to do , Maggie ? "
tr	11	" I 'm scared , Dad , " John said , prompting David to hold him even tighter .
tr	7	" Le , come here for a minute , " Trae said in nervous tone .
tr	9	They 're not much different to hostels , just a bit more remote . "
tr	6	' Oh , not the whole evening , ' said the Chair of Indefinite Studies .
tr	7	After all , it was found on public property .
tr	7	But he 's all trembling and he 's limping , too .
tr	11	He walked in and said , " The dock waters from that good cistern next the little caretaker house . "
tr	8	The second creature flew high circling the other as it rose , then dove .
tr	9	" Not against men like the Falcon and that pirate last night .
tr	7	" Sure was , " Mai agrees , sounding especially vindicated .
tr	8	In the ancient records held in the city temple the Priest had read of an ancient Talisman .
tr	6	His brothers , sisters , aunts , uncles , elderly and even his father wanted him dead .
tr	9	Robbie sat by the fire in an ancient but comfortable leather chair , Bowmore in hand .
tr	7	Had she been hiding from Jolie ?
tr	7	The first one was a tall , thin man with greying hair .
tr	8	' Wasn 't this the way to the lab ? '
tr	9	He settled himself in a chair and commenced tapping his fingers against the wood .
tr	11	" Sorry , " Cody mumbled into the giggles that came from Spade and Taylor .
tr	9	" I want to see something from the Roman Empire .
tr	7	" How long has he been like this ? "
tr	8	Sometimes she tested John on his Latin or French vocabulary .
tr	8	Behind him a scowl darkened the face of the Watcher , and his hand clenched on his sword .
tr	9	On the eastern side he took a moment to sit and admire the sunrise .
tr	10	As I feared , he insisted on discussing the recent turn of events .
tr	7	He 'd attend meals and the occasional fencing practice .
tr	11	Ms. Pringle will immediately go into shuttle simulator training with Mr. Pitt for the next few months .
tr	9	His willingness to follow his friend into battle was spoken well of by everyone .
tr	7	I sighed , shook my head and settled back in the seat .
tr	10	So no , I ain 't in any hurry to leave here at all .
tr	9	" Then you had best take me to see Master Finan . "
tr	8	In theory , she should have arrived before us .
tr	5	" His mom and dad . "
tr	5	An apparition of Maya shimmers into view behind Jason .
tr	10	" We 're going to be late , " he complained .
tr	10	It simply wasn 't possible to go back in time .
tr	10	The whole village was busy , putting on a new face and making ready for the festival .
tr	7	The Condor had made the step into a new frontier .
tr	9	The suspension groaned as the vehicle bounced back onto the asphalt .
tr	10	" We won 't be able to rebuild alone .
tr	11	They must have been dug up by the tractors plowing each year .
tr	7	" You do not trust my grandfather , and you are right .
tr	8	Copyright 2012 Peter Jackson License Notes : This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	9	We can 't wait to see round Kings . "
tr	9	Shortly after eight , we left the car and ascended the slope towards the rear of the property .
tr	6	" It 's the Army , " Mark answered .
tr	6	His grip on her hands tightened .
tr	8	Didn 't take long for the pirates to board onto the tanker .
tr	9	They all fired at the woman behind the pillar , raising a cloud of chips and plaster dust from the stonework .
tr	9	She tried to move away but he did not let her .
tr	10	Controlled or not , the boy will pay for what he has done .
tr	9	Gabe takes off his cap , massages the inside rim with his thumbs .
tr	5	But even so , without her , the old hotel felt so much colder .
tr	10	In her stone hands she clasped a bowl filled to the brim with water .
tr	7	How would they live with themselves ?
tr	6	She brought him out of his reverie .
tr	6	" Of course I do , " Adam nodded , " But that 's ok .
tr	10	People reveal themselves when they are certain of their outcome before it happens . "
tr	6	" Thank you Mr. Singer , " he said and left the classroom .
tr	6	" Step aside , sister , " he hissed .
tr	8	What an idiot ... . .
tr	9	You don 't even need to look down . "
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	11	' How do I know I can trust you Mr Judge ? '
tr	10	A group of scientists were assigned the task of finding new power supplies .
tr	7	Taking a wrecking bar from the bench by the door he opened up the four crates .
tr	10	Here is what is to come .
tr	8	Dagger quickly brings his jump portal emitters online and makes the calculation in his head .
tr	7	He ran down the hall to the study and closed the door .
tr	10	" I heard Daddy talking to the admiral about something being wrong .
tr	8	" There 's no ' just in case , " ' Gabe snaps back .
tr	9	Fear chased me , always a step away , ready to grab me .
tr	11	He took a moment to compose himself before explaining .
tr	9	He looked around the study and pushed it under the corner of the blotter .
tr	7	" The survivors would band together , share skills , teach the young civilized behavior .
tr	6	' Of course my friend , I 'll see you later . '
tr	6	" Damian handed over his room key this morning . "
tr	5	She 's like ... a hybrid or something . "
tr	8	" What happened with you and your wife ? "
tr	10	Iris , that lady might be furious if she knew of such thing .
tr	9	" You 're going to find a cure .
tr	10	He knew full well that his will to live was entirely fuelled by his hate .
tr	5	The wide nose and high cheekbones , the quiet dignity and keen intelligence .
tr	8	She sighed and moved forward , leading her horse .
tr	6	he exclaimed again , " before they get here ! "
tr	6	Better still , a stand of trees and overgrowth screened the little marina from the road .
tr	8	The few capable of heavy lifting create piles of broken boards and crumbled stone as the cleanup effort continues .
tr	7	All the others in the unit have taken off including their commander .
tr	8	" Papa , these are the travelers that I told you about earlier .
tr	9	Know you anything of it ? "
tr	10	Now we know there is something after death .
tr	7	As the population grew immigration naturally became stricter .
tr	5	And Bowie is , and more importantly , he does . "
tr	6	King Ine passed a weary hand over his brow .
tr	9	' We suspect a few of them are deliberately delaying the process . '
tr	6	" You ask me , we should just nuke these assholes ! "
tr	10	While we continue to monitor this area , you can use this site as your patrol base .
tr	10	' Guess that detail got lost in my pride . '
tr	9	She looked around then stopped beside the motionless animal .
tr	7	In every direction below , small fragments from the sphere dropped to the bottom , setting everything ablaze .
tr	7	Another chocolate covered peanut struck Bryony 's head , but this time it didn 't register .
tr	7	It 's not a good thing , though , you know ?
tr	11	I knew I had now within me , a lot of that energy .
tr	9	If he were dead within the year , who would teach her ?
tr	6	" I suppose so , " Palme replied with a sad expression on her face .
tr	11	They are going to run the story on tonight 's news . "
tr	7	Hot blood gushed over his left hand , still not firmly clamped over the fellow 's jaw .
tr	5	In your hands , a french fry is a deadly weapon . "
tr	10	Here , here 's Rick 's number ... " she gave him the number and told him to quit wasting time .
tr	6	Drop your weapons , " spoke a woman 's voice behind us , further up the passage .
tr	9	I came to the end of the tale and sat back .
tr	9	Anything , " She sarcastically replies , bounding out of his form and landing upon the pillar safely .
tr	10	He couldn 't think of a thing to say .
tr	10	I expect him to argue against my participation but he doesn 't .
tr	10	To the man who sent this to me .
tr	8	Alex yelled over her shoulder as they pedaled off .
tr	6	" This is not your fault my love .
tr	11	Ben could feel it in his pocket because he had put it on vibrate .
tr	8	The vehicle headed right , pulling up to a fighter jet .
tr	7	He gave Chuck his own particular version of a smile .
tr	6	Yes , learned one , my beloved husband lives and stands on two hooves .
tr	7	Dang , he looked good in black .
tr	8	Claire shook her head and swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	8	" But when can I start fighting my guardians ? "
tr	10	With all the hiking and rock-climbing they had done today , he felt that tonight he would eat like a horse .
tr	11	As they continued to eat without speaking , she contemplated the man 's words .
tr	8	" I got it on a lark in Egypt last year .
tr	8	Toby looked across at 006 , still his twin , smiling back at him and appearing completely at ease .
tr	7	The smoke in the air tickled my nose and back of my throat .
tr	11	Katherine estimated he 'd be late forties but in spectacular health .
tr	11	We should all be proud that we can gather like this . "
tr	10	Heavy , but as useful as any hammer , baton or any other crushing weapon ever designed .
tr	8	They would make the southern end of the Middle Valley just before dawn .
tr	7	The courtyard was empty but something caught her eye in the pasture behind the house .
tr	11	I knew people who had gone there myself .
tr	7	" Yeah , that 'd be helpful , " she said .
tr	8	Without really being aware , major news organizations through their own volition have evolved into nothing more than propaganda machines .
tr	6	Tomorrow draw your kit ... ... check out your own chutes ... . .
tr	9	They were brief at first ; he hastily explained his lack of time and the details of his new life .
tr	10	They meant to eliminate one group at a time .
tr	11	First , they could wait for us at our rooms , hoping we 'll return .
tr	7	His eyebrows and eyelashes have been singed , but he doesn 't have any major blistering yet .
tr	8	For his part , Jonesy had never been married , except to his aircraft .
tr	9	She thought to herself at how they were mythical .
tr	10	You would think after all that time I 'd know the man inside out . '
tr	5	Just like Mother , the young girl 's frustration and anger suddenly appeared .
tr	11	" That 's why you pretended to be my friend .
tr	9	" I think he forgot something , " William said .
tr	9	Iris try to repel it but it was too late .
tr	9	He stuck the tip of his tongue from his mouth and very , very carefully began to wrap another unbroken vase .
tr	7	" Now gentlemen , what service can I do for you ? "
tr	11	She volunteered to carry some of the materials they needed .
tr	7	The only thing she ever exterminated were the dust bunnies under our couch . "
tr	9	She acknowledged their gesture with a simple nod of the head and sat down .
tr	5	There are no later pictures .
tr	8	He looked like something out of a science-fiction novel .
tr	11	Kylie turned to see who 'd spoken .
tr	8	He had been with the same woman since high school and they never had a falling out .
tr	11	" But I know you can 't put that in your official file .
tr	6	Feet trampled , landing on my back , my head , my arms .
tr	10	Then there were teammates that retaliated for a team member .
tr	8	" A very dangerous choice , " he said with a barely perceptible shake of the head .
tr	10	You are lucky I 'm even offering this once .
tr	9	You must drive it fully through my shoulder lest the point remain in .
tr	10	" I feel like I sort of lied to my dad , " Kevin admitted .
tr	10	One scaffolding pole had slammed into the small of her back and another one had caught the back of her head .
tr	11	" Jake seems to think you are kind of controversial too . "
tr	7	The dinner with Generals Anderson and Matthews turned into a larger affair , nearly a full fledged party .
tr	6	" Oh , no , no , no , " the waiter said , " it is on the house . "
tr	9	... to be continued in Heart of an Assassin .
tr	5	" Either my own pack or the Monroe one , " he said grimly .
tr	5	Did Rick Walker , professional womanizer , just profess his love ?
tr	7	' Might not be a bad thing , ' she said pleased with the effect .
tr	8	He jerked awake , leapt out of bed .
tr	9	Jolie squatted low to the ground and held his hand out with some crumbs on it .
tr	6	Josie and Jimmy were already getting back inside .
tr	9	" He is not Finn , Eda , he is Lord Rafe . "
tr	6	She felt safe in his presence .
tr	7	And the man had a strange , clear crystal over his face .
tr	8	He gave us a brief nod and resumed his stoic inspection of the street life outside .
tr	8	" In my room , " Sidney told him , wiping sleep from her eyes .
tr	9	I 'd forgotten how to breathe .
tr	11	Rick was still pondering their conversation when she flew past him and out the kitchen door to the garage .
tr	7	The first one took a round to the chest and crumpled .
tr	10	Then he came to sit next to her again , gingerly to keep the cot from tipping .
tr	10	Destro looked down at the data pad in his hand and watched the blinking dot that represented his beloved .
tr	10	He doubted they were talking of the same thing .
tr	6	The upper floors overhung the ground-level entry , creating a narrow carport barely big enough for a family sedan .
tr	5	" That , good General , is one entire journal .
tr	9	" The ambush was meant to buy time .
tr	10	Bay made one last attempt to argue with his father and was nearly bowled over for it .
tr	9	It was difficult to walk straight .
tr	8	Then , jerking his head up , he asked curiously , " Are you with child ? "
tr	5	I said , " Agreed . "
tr	9	A picture of the girl standing on her father 's shoes , his hands enveloping hers .
tr	8	Each and every person arrives on the earth with a specific mission .
tr	9	Simon , felt somewhat deflated after witnessing his opponent 's skills .
tr	9	He possessed highly advanced reasoning skills but could , at best , be described as a bumbling child genius .
tr	9	He questions without looking at her .
tr	6	" It also took away our innocence , " whispered Logan .
tr	8	She 'd been right - the water was close to freezing .
tr	9	I have a proposition for you to run by the band . '
tr	9	" I feel like I 'm at the Ritz Carlton ! "
tr	5	" My poor beautiful books , the ancient ceiling , the tables ! "
tr	11	Although he has had plastic surgery done to his face , his mannerisms gave him away instantly .
tr	7	I poked it into the hole , and I prayed .
tr	10	Every step was twice as hard for him as it was for her , but he hadn 't complained .
tr	10	The First Sergeant and I will hold our tanks in reserve and bolster the line wherever it 's needed .
tr	7	" What say you , scum ?
tr	6	I catch a tremor beneath his words .
tr	7	With her red hair covering her gray eyes , she balanced her school bag on her shoulder .
tr	5	" But he never came , Mom . "
tr	5	" But what about my legs ? "
tr	11	" You have to let me see a lawyer , " demanded Josh .
tr	8	Ted put the Spam back on the grill and dumped a can of sliced potatoes into the hot frying pan .
tr	10	" And what we suppose to do Damian , to seat here until the morning when our bus comes ? "
tr	6	" Tori , you 're the Chosen One , " Sarah said .
tr	6	' Now , Mr. Frodo , ' said Sam , ' you shouldn 't make fun .
tr	9	He walked to the edge of the brush and sat down .
tr	8	He felt the presence of the Holy Spirit in his heart , just like Dane had described .
tr	9	" If the user is holding onto another person they are taken as well . "
tr	5	" How long do you stay ? "
tr	11	Kaylie proclaimed as she sat down to take off her shoes and socks .
tr	7	Three Baskets came to the door with a smile and took the bowl back .
tr	10	The bus must have been half full on arrival , as nearly every seat was taken .
tr	8	She heard somebody running after her .
tr	7	The sound of a working bell can disable a demon , torment it , or even banish it .
tr	9	I could tell he was sincere .
tr	9	their attitudes changed as they raced out of the room .
tr	9	As the smell of roasting pig filled the room , Gunnar walked up to Henrik and bowed .
tr	8	I didn 't move a muscle as I waited .
tr	8	By the time I reached the end of the passage , other cats had emerged from the shadows .
tr	6	A devious smile pranced across his face .
tr	9	Perhaps he should make himself known to the driver ?
tr	11	can do even much more if , if , if ... I like . "
tr	11	" Do you want to see them again ? "
tr	6	" So I can well believe , " said Smaug , " but that is hardly our usual name . "
tr	7	And the sun , standing already near its zenith , was steadily pounding him with its heat and light .
tr	6	Like I said , my mind doesn 't leave me alone .
tr	9	You have no idea how much we really appreciate this . "
tr	9	He wouldn 't even be allowed in to Tiger Tiger .
tr	11	I had no idea you were continuing with the injections .
tr	8	Frank Sinatra also gave up thirty minutes later , and there was silence once again in the outer universe .
tr	11	came the response from the younger one as he rapidly faded into the darkness of the bush .
tr	11	You don 't need to be tempted by that other stuff . "
tr	7	They were all depending on him .
tr	11	Probably one of these so-called security advisors had the brilliant idea to just be forthcoming with the information .
tr	8	Her eyes drifted to meet his .
tr	6	He grumbled all the way back down to the van .
tr	5	" Why ... " I take a breath .
tr	11	" Do you think we lost them ? "
tr	6	He wore a hard hat , a safety vest , fake blue jeans , and a heavy tool belt .
tr	10	Upstairs they found Amy on Calvin 's double bed revising for her last exams .
tr	10	His developmental problems have prevented him from getting close to anyone .
tr	11	Its purpose was that you should be kept safe . "
tr	8	" Will you have me now ? "
tr	9	He jumped as he felt it spring to life in his hand .
tr	7	He and Jessica strolled back through the crowd and sat back down beside Abby .
tr	10	Susan was shaken from her troubled thoughts by a subtle change in Lieutenant Jacobs ' attitude .
tr	11	Scott heard Dan Jansen 's gasp just before the bear pounced on Sidney , knocking her to the ground .
tr	10	While engaging two targets , the ship herself made the third point that changed a line to a plane .
tr	7	No respect , no softness , and no peace and quiet to think .
tr	9	whispered Olmec , livid , while the others crouched in speechless horror .
tr	6	He flipped the camera over , found the card slot and expertly ejected the memory card .
tr	6	" Like I shouldn 't be here .
tr	6	" A Painted House " But , like most farmers , Pappy and my father carried debt from the previous year .
tr	7	" Sphinx , Walk with me through the hidden ways , " I called with my mind .
tr	7	A gold star ring twinkled in the America girl 's nose .
tr	7	Upon closer observation , the dark contours were unmistakably those of a river steamer - a mammoth river steamer .
tr	8	Clearing her mind she quickly realizes a simply but risky solution .
tr	10	Lynn didn 't know where to go , so she just started running .
tr	10	Matthew screamed as he was carried over the edge .
tr	5	Mouse Guard RR 15 HP 1 Damage 1d6 Speed 3 Gold : 3 XP : 200 each .
tr	10	" It 's a conversation between a CIA controller in Washington and a field agent in Paris . "
tr	10	Alone behind the grapevines , Alejo couldn 't pretend that he hadn 't counted the days a few times .
tr	10	The hole sparks and shimmers for a brief moment until a large sphere glides through it .
tr	7	It is just as much , if not more , my fault as yours .
tr	9	Beth 's laugh echoed from behind them , where a raucous game of Trivial Pursuit was underway .
tr	6	The door covering the opening was not normal at all , however .
tr	7	" Uh -- Do it , " she told Matthew and grabbed Stephanie 's hand just in case .
tr	9	My fingers traced a path through the grime on the walls as I headed toward the door in the back .
tr	8	No-one paid much attention to the disappearing door or even acknowledged the arrival of Minister Drake .
tr	7	There were at least two , maybe more , male voices .
tr	7	You don 't have any clothes on , " Frank whispered , moving back a step .
tr	6	For her it was like coming home .
tr	9	Pierre and Roberto who stood silently in the shadows drew in their breaths , waiting for her reply .
tr	6	" Uh , that is a very bad idea .
tr	11	She was afraid she had returned to her nightmare .
tr	7	How did he miss this , this morning ?
tr	8	They need to see me -- now . "
tr	10	" We need to get to the river , " said Tek .
tr	6	The software then projected a camera coverage pattern over the virtual streetscape .
tr	11	Everything around seemed to be going to sleep .
tr	7	With my eyes closed , my brain struggled to understand and remember .
tr	8	If he thought about it for too long , he would just get depressed .
tr	5	Without the sugar content the effects are purely temporary .
tr	10	She heard her mother chuckle and wondered what could possibly be funny .
tr	9	In a couple of minutes Sophia was already sitting back at the bar in her new dress .
tr	7	He took the Beretta from his coat and checked the magazine .
tr	8	She smiled at him , rose and went into the room and closed the door .
tr	8	" Link , patriarch of the Death Mountain tribe , " he greets , kneeling down next to his comrades .
tr	7	I 've got a hot date and she 's a real bitch ! "
tr	9	He pictured something near water , more open and with less trees and hopefully having other California Mice .
tr	8	Come , Miss Klein -- " " Call me Mercedes , please . "
tr	8	She quickly handed them to Dr. Warner , then injected an amp of atropine into the patient 's IV .
tr	9	" Yes ... I think the illusions have stopped .
tr	11	Ones who want to get well .
tr	8	" That is not what this is about . "
tr	9	" I 'm sure you did the right thing .
tr	7	They took Anna and Tomas Godard , ' Victor continued after a brief pause .
tr	9	Falconer leaped down from the boulder before the buzz of shocked questions was fully under way .
tr	6	The third time Joe brought his knee up , he missed Jake 's groin .
tr	7	George took a number of photographs from different angles .
tr	10	She knew at once what had happened .
tr	10	" Do you mind if I join you ? "
tr	7	What was going on here ?
tr	6	He dipped one toe in , pulled his nightshirt off , and quickly stepped in . "
tr	10	" What 's in that pipe that he 's SMOKING ? "
tr	8	" Did anyway even look at the valet driving us ?
tr	7	Michael and Ben along with their mothers found themselves back together again on the Angel 's starship .
tr	10	It appeared to bring them a little closer .
tr	7	" Yes , " said Wounded Eagle , " he is very well .
tr	6	" That 's only a month and a half away , you realize that right ? "
tr	11	I want to marry you because I love you .
tr	5	I said , " Yeah . "
tr	10	There must be more than one form of memory in the human mind .
tr	11	We have cogs representing blocks of hundreds of years .
tr	7	The walls were paneled in light knotty pine .
tr	11	Her mother laughed and said , " I should have checked the weather report for up here .
tr	6	But then the air around her changed , like an electrical charge in the atmosphere right before a storm .
tr	9	" I think there 's a farm up ahead , " he said .
tr	8	" Get the file on Downer and talk to the wife , " he said .
tr	9	" Haven 't we spilled enough of their blood ? "
tr	9	We didn 't have to run long .
tr	5	From the next foxhole over , Laura and Jo waved and yelled out good wishes .
tr	5	Over the speakers , Dagger releases a loud trumpet .
tr	10	Finally he lifted his head and tried to focus on me .
tr	9	While the woman was searching for it , she helped her friends untie Stacy .
tr	10	And no sooner had the thought formed in their minds than it became a reality !
tr	8	I wiped at the trickle of blood coursing down my face .
tr	10	' Miyamoto was fascinated by the birthmark on my chest , ' I murmured with a shrug .
tr	7	Adele , ' tis the middle of the night !
tr	7	" Dammit , you know what that is ?
tr	8	She 's sharp that child .
tr	5	Directly before her , a dark , vertical crack split the air .
tr	7	I cry , and slump down into my seat .
tr	10	It hadn 't been too difficult for a handyman like Walter to get into the JP .
tr	9	Connor turned to head towards the elevator .
tr	10	The three of us didn 't move for a long time as our enemies trotted along before us into the night .
tr	10	She is trying very hard to make sense out of this .
tr	5	' But no pointless heroics , okay ? '
tr	10	It 's not in your nature to take life . "
tr	10	Shot after shot filled the night , and I could feel the hanging jacket vibrating and jerking with the percussions .
tr	6	" Come on now , a little closer ... little closer . "
tr	11	It is the same what I can see in people .
tr	7	She looked up at him in confusion , and he quickly explained himself .
tr	5	Only admin , the library and the cafeteria occupied the windowless western half .
tr	6	The two men were lightly armed , one woman held a fireplace poker , the other a golf club .
tr	11	Thought you said she was like broken in . "
tr	6	After a moment or two , Bethan 's face lost its rigidity and she took a deep breath .
tr	10	" Now we know for sure that there is no one coming , " he said grimly .
tr	11	I told them I refused to help them any longer .
tr	8	" Did they move us ?
tr	7	" No , I know what your answer is .
tr	6	The two workers pushed the gurney out into the bottom garage floor , then into an awaiting ambulance .
tr	10	He chuckles with a cavalier tone , " you 're one to talk . "
tr	7	" You are right : those dead deserve better than that . "
tr	9	The older people of course talked the most about their life because they had lived longer .
tr	6	" Well , no , I guess not , but Colby , this is so sudden . "
tr	7	" Are you indisposed ? "
tr	8	Sarah watched them both on the road ahead of her .
tr	10	They will decide if we hold the city , if we fight or if we flee .
tr	5	Common physicians and their assistants generally treated broken bones , cuts , sprains , bruises and burns .
tr	6	" I ... um , " she stammered .
tr	9	She opened the door and slipped out before Simon could say anything .
tr	9	You didn 't show up to work and then sauntered into Spy Games like a king .
tr	8	Clerks and receptionists dove behind the cover of the front desk .
tr	7	Dr. Morgan was a compassionate and sympathetic older man , but tough nonetheless .
tr	10	After all , Simon and Miriam could be up against something much worse at that very minute .
tr	10	Rift seems to mumble to himself , unintentionally speaking too loudly .
tr	9	Appearances can be deceptive it seemed .
tr	7	" Drop Bay to pilot , drop on my mark , " Red states .
tr	6	When we first met she had long blonde hair , like yours .
tr	9	I thought I would surprise you . "
tr	11	Dan was instructed to leave the bags in Raj 's room .
tr	6	But be careful , we don 't want another roof fall . '
tr	6	He was closer now , the words rank with his breath .
tr	9	Do you do yoga ? "
tr	9	Connor watched as the younger woman turned her head back towards the stove .
tr	10	Proud warriors waited , their beards twisted and braided like the barbarian chieftains of old .
tr	10	His weapon fell as he clasped the wound and screamed in pain .
tr	10	I can 't think about any of this right now , she thought .
tr	11	Do you have Puck memorised now ? "
tr	6	What a beautiful name for a beautiful girl !
tr	8	Amanda didn 't seem to notice .
tr	7	The first arrow hit his left leg , the one away from the river .
tr	6	The Cessna pilot quickly banks hard right , spilling his beer in his lap .
tr	10	Megan turned to the wall , preparing to go through .
tr	10	He noticed that she had already adjusted her status to ' single ' .
tr	8	That was the way the Empire worked .
tr	8	" I mean for them to just ... show up like this . "
tr	9	It started in Newcastle , then appeared in Liverpool and more recently in Birmingham .
tr	8	Kim shot Andy a firm look .
tr	8	Andy had seen them before , but he just couldn 't think where .
tr	7	The annoyance and desperation in the Trojan Keeper 's intonation was clear .
tr	5	" What , exactly , are your intentions here ? "
tr	8	" You betrayed me , Rand , you betrayed us all ! "
tr	8	It brought forth a new lightness of heart and a clear purpose in their minds .
tr	9	That is exactly what I will do : nothing more .
tr	7	The boy , Conor 's , revelation and subsequent speech by Finn destroyed that scenario in one swift , blinding moment .
tr	6	I was in a crypt !
tr	7	" Hunter One to CP , we have Sky Stalkers overhead .
tr	8	The next moment she opened her eyes and realized where she was .
tr	5	" To salvage your pride ? "
tr	9	They stepped outside into the bright morning , empty buckets in hand .
tr	5	" It 's okay , baby , just calm down , okay ? "
tr	9	Eda looked surprised and made to answer , but Adele pinched her fingers , stopping her from speaking .
tr	10	I slipped the overcoat from my shoulders , letting the garment fall listlessly into the snowy brush along the shore .
tr	7	I shouldered my rucksack and took off up the road .
tr	9	Seth felt beads of sweat break out on his forehead .
tr	10	Rick turned to Abby , " What should I ask ? "
tr	7	All the ministers of the white churches and the mayor were there in cars too .
tr	10	They 're like terriers for giving chase .
tr	8	In the days of sail , a ship 's main armament was mounted on the port and starboard sides .
tr	9	I let my head fall against my knees and tried to ignore the guilt .
tr	9	And to you , I 'm a friend that saved your life . "
tr	8	With a cry of anguish , the Prince crawled the final few feet to where the big man lay .
tr	7	David put two rounds into the man and kept moving .
tr	5	" Oh , good , this is the right house . "
tr	10	He paused , noticing her lip was quivering .
tr	5	" No , we 're not , " Peter admonished her .
tr	9	You 've got to stop this .
tr	6	" That 's my girl , " Mike gave his sister a high five .
tr	11	Seth was certain at that moment some pee had escaped .
tr	7	I made big eyes , watching her little amazed .
tr	10	He takes off running , red pain springing up in his aura near his injured rib .
tr	9	We 'll be late for English , " Jess said .
tr	9	It is a larger village than Yellow Leaf , but it is some distance away .
tr	11	I shouted to Miss Jackson , as I wiped my eyes and face clear of the cold rain .
tr	6	It was just over that hill .
tr	8	The man began to weep and burble .
tr	7	She carefully removed the lid from her takeout cup , took a brief sip and grimaced at the heat .
tr	10	Elaina had just finished mending the holes in her stockings when Cade slipped back into their room .
tr	7	Chuck finally motioned , pulled the holder out of the plate , and shook his head in disbelief .
tr	7	Now that the vessel had a charge , its systems were coming to life .
tr	8	I doubt if the others are even awake yet . "
tr	8	he 's ex SAS too fellas ... boat service actually ... chap called Rick Wilkinson .
tr	8	" Oh , that is just so wrong to say that .
tr	5	" I 'm not , Agent Lorne , " the old man said .
tr	8	She had another rope hidden in those sleeves !
tr	10	Who would want to know them ?
tr	8	" You will swear an oath to me , the Lord Baron ? "
tr	7	Besides , I 'm not officially the king ; I haven 't been crowned .
tr	7	" I have seen that , " Taylor agreed .
tr	9	" How many times do I have to kill you ? "
tr	5	" Hi there , my names Albert , " Albert says .
tr	10	I popped the K.O. canister and tossed it right onto a pirates ' head .
tr	10	Neela waited for her to mount , then led the way .
tr	6	" Well , " David said with a sigh .
tr	7	If it does not , my sisters will know the signs -- we will be ready . "
tr	7	" When I was twenty , Alex , not twelve .
tr	11	She ventured a glance around her cover , trying to check Kurt 's position .
tr	9	His injuries made it hard to move and breathe .
tr	8	There was a lot of repetition in the end of the year that Bradley did not like .
tr	7	After a couple of minutes , the lights on the wall turned green and John removed his helmet .
tr	9	" Hold me , I want to check out the Diamond , " Isaac said to me .
tr	8	" I 'm sending you her address and as much background as I have .
tr	9	They 're too stupid to be afraid .
tr	9	I needed to be at the Extravaganza .
tr	8	Although the water will be calmer , the journey will be affected by the weather .
tr	11	We sit together in silence while Gabe pulls out the first bottle of beer and takes a long drink .
tr	7	Virgil grabbed for his napkin unthinkingly and mopped his forehead .
tr	8	The guy was having delusions from dehydration .
tr	6	He slammed one fist into his knee .
tr	9	They would be getting terribly wet under the leafless boughs .
tr	6	" Well , that 's funny , " he said .
tr	8	Okay , maybe not evolution exactly ; more like necessary evolvement for survival 's sake . "
tr	9	Our only hope is to make for the Barrier Forest . "
tr	5	Dark hair , amazing gray eyes , sexy voice , a killer body , and a good dad .
tr	8	I 'm sorry I tripped .
tr	5	' And then , in an instant , it was gone .
tr	7	She dropped her hand onto the wolf 's head , fondly scratching her ears .
tr	9	she asked , tone betraying some of her sharpness .
tr	5	Still , the skinned buck was a horrifying sight .
tr	6	I walked right into a big somebody .
tr	8	The man relaxed as he drained the bottle .
tr	10	And then to lose it all .
tr	7	" Yeah , it 's pretty amazing but don 't worry , you 'll be doing this pretty soon . "
tr	8	From high above they heard the call of a large night bird as it passed overhead .
tr	8	The sweet smell of fermenting potatoes was mixed in with chemical undertones .
tr	6	Her high-heeled , royal blue , strappy sandals were , no other words for it , the bomb .
tr	11	" I 'm in the lead , " he said , glaring at her as if expecting her to challenge it .
tr	11	They were all supposed to be back two months ago , but no one has returned . "
tr	8	All four teed off , all four finding the fairway .
tr	8	I need lots of help , " Pete said .
tr	10	You 're a low down , ig 'n ant , scumbag human like the rest of us . "
tr	7	" I was returning your coat , sir , " she explained , " and those men attacked me . "
tr	5	Seconds later the alarms went off . "
tr	10	His car just wanted to take him and wrap him around the nearest telephone pole .
tr	11	Not when she had things to do .
tr	8	Now he let them speak , and the room erupted in noise .
tr	11	It 's not permanent and can be removed once the crisis is over .
tr	11	How did you know you were doing it right ?
tr	8	" No , just your decision making , " James spat , getting to his feet .
tr	10	He fought to hold back the rage and tears building inside him .
tr	7	In a little while that leg will be getting stiff . "
tr	11	She groped for a bottle of water she remembered Jimmy putting in the door pocket .
tr	11	" The clans are ruled by whichever families receive the most votes , Johnny .
tr	11	He would probably refuse to address him in that way at all .
tr	7	" Could what be ? "
tr	8	" Perhaps you will be going into the company ? "
tr	6	The room was silent , each lost in their own thoughts .
tr	6	" I do , " Alejo crossed his legs and leaned back .
tr	9	" Is this going to hurt ? "
tr	7	And , when Will did not move : " Now , or I put a slug in your leg . "
tr	7	" Don 't worry , " the Angel smiled , " you can get out of the machine without any fear .
tr	10	" You 've got to snap out of this .
tr	8	My fingers loosened on the handle of the blade .
tr	8	They will have learned enough at my feet . "
tr	8	" Pleased to meet you , Johnny " Ralph said as he shook my hand .
tr	11	Duke eased himself upright from one of the cubes .
tr	11	Let him try to attack me .
tr	8	He had instead used a series of couriers .
tr	7	The ones who didn 't had guns .
tr	8	He was picked up at the bus station by a known Provo and they met two others in Victoria Square .
tr	11	There was nothing Maddock could do about that .
tr	7	He then glanced over at Josie , and got embarrassed .
tr	8	He preferred his meat well done , but now there was no time for that .
tr	6	The rest of the immortals glanced at each other warily .
tr	11	I didn 't have a choice , " he declares , unable to maintain eye contact .
tr	9	' Okay , I 'll sort out posters at work , ' Calvin said .
tr	7	With a deadly expression on his face , he placed his Navy Colts on the table .
tr	6	Come on this is we -- " " Wait two minutes then rinse off .
tr	9	He saw the girl sitting in the tree and immediately made for the snake with his sabre .
tr	10	With a mocking smile , she bent over the map , her eyes flying back and forth across the parchment .
tr	6	Your mother and father , Soleil , myself , my parents , and ... the other no longer lives . "
tr	11	However he knew Charger could not , not when he carried two riders .
tr	9	" Anyone must see that the situation is difficult . "
tr	6	In the distance , the sight of endless mountain tops ushered in a rising panic .
tr	7	Solange burst out laughing , the sound clear and musical .
tr	11	" It might make this Russian beer can disappear and somebody out there might notice , " suggested VIN .
tr	10	Aria selects something , but doesn 't pay attention to what it is .
tr	9	Remembering the man was wanted ... at least by some ... Chris got an idea .
tr	8	Due to lack of oxygen , Alita 's body went limp as she passed out .
tr	10	Life happens to you , and you cannot change what has happened .
tr	6	The rest of his face was clean shaven , his cheeks ruddy and his nose hawkish with a severe corner .
tr	11	Do you mean it was taken ? '
tr	9	" OK , that 's enough of this , " he thought , " time to get out of here . "
tr	5	" But I wanted - " " Please , " he said .
tr	10	I had to get rid of it quickly .
tr	8	Twice as many horses were picketed just beyond .
tr	10	Fear got the better of Andy and he felt himself starting to go .
tr	7	" I have to try .
tr	11	Still , she must eat and that she enjoyed doing very much .
tr	11	" I will be greatly rewarded for bringing back your head to the Empress .
tr	8	VIN responded and was interrupted by his partner .
tr	10	Does she eat birdseed and sit on a perch too ? "
tr	6	Off to the side , Rachel , the restaurant 's rather flirtatious waitress , waved away the cigarette smoke .
tr	9	You know that 's my favorite ... " " Like your dad , eh ? "
tr	11	We have to share this , all of us . "
tr	9	Alarms are hooting and a light mist of smoke drifts through the upper portion of the deck .
tr	8	Probably at the hotel in Limerick .
tr	7	Marja was definitely in her element , and her good mood proved it .
tr	5	The linen , the pillows , every scrap or fabric or cloth was gone .
tr	9	Gradually turning to liquid itself , the deteriorating flesh reveals the lost grieves , slowly seeping through the muck and muscle .
tr	11	She 'd seen her father three years previous on one of his rare trading trips ... .
tr	10	said Meeks as he suddenly lay heavy hands on Nathan 's shoulders .
tr	8	" They began to search the unit .
tr	10	Then again , we used to live in the dark , didn 't we ?
tr	11	I intend to pass over the northern side of the mountain , halfway to its height .
tr	5	A shout from the far end of the level .
tr	5	The technical hurdles , the excuses , went on and on .
tr	5	I am poked and prodded , X-rayed and scanned .
tr	10	The little window slammed shut before Landon could thank him .
tr	9	She released his head , and stepped back , pointing at the sword .
tr	9	I felt my pulse start to race as a wave of fury rose inside me .
tr	8	" Just how many races have been coming here ? "
tr	8	He didn 't remove his gaze from the floor and his hands shook .
tr	8	I hesitated before nodding briefly .
tr	8	He seemed to enjoy it .
tr	11	Victor 's words were still ringing in my ears when we crossed the border into Germany a few hours later .
tr	7	" That 's really a nice suit , Kaylie , " Abby said casually .
tr	9	Well , you can stop stroking your own dick on that count .
tr	9	Link roars , thoroughly tired of the boy 's ceaseless attempts on both his , and Zelda 's lives .
tr	7	" You guys didn 't say anything important . "
tr	10	His dilemma was that in hitting the economy he would also jeopardise jobs .
tr	9	The ' shining light ' was sitting in the library , scowling at his mother .
tr	8	She 's not fast for long , but she is at first . "
tr	9	VIN entered the hatch as Jonesy sealed it behind him .
tr	7	' Blast you , you stupid rodent , ' he yelled , and picked up his knife .
tr	7	He groaned and crushed her mouth with his again .
tr	10	It is the difference between an archer and the man who can also make the bow . "
tr	10	" I was wondering about something one of the kids said .
tr	11	For he was certain that that was exactly what had happened .
tr	9	The world had spared him and at that moment he felt he was king .
tr	11	Sofia was about to get her school bag and went home but he held her hand .
tr	6	" Fair enough , " replied Mike , feeling a little patronized .
tr	7	A few minutes later , we turned right up Castle Causeway and onto my intended destination all along .
tr	7	The decent was by no means over , but they were not so frighteningly high .
tr	9	He was ... he was the Prince of Ravens , even if he had no name .
tr	11	The last nuke must have knocked a fuel line loose from the generator , a detached voice said in her head .
tr	7	Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	7	" Come on , I 'll help you out , " Melody said .
tr	11	' What is it John , what is wrong with Marie ? '
tr	7	Two of the women had come forward and seized her .
tr	8	Jeff replied holding up the mop handle , " and I can do the same to the Spanish ships ! "
tr	10	He could hear nothing but the screaming sound of the idol .
tr	8	He practically shouts , his excitement the polar opposite of the previous ninja .
tr	9	You 're going to be fine .
tr	8	That made me feel mad .
tr	6	" Or better yet , some electrodes in his chair . "
tr	8	We could lose our home , or even our -- oh , please do not mention it again . "
tr	11	It 's like he took cocaine before attacking me .
tr	10	As he reached to lift the fading corporal , he replied , " Nonsense .
tr	10	" That 's just what I 've been hearing , " said Jace .
tr	8	Is that what you 're asking ?
tr	9	He didn 't know what to expect .
tr	6	" Well , okay then ... " " Alright , " I say to Ben .
tr	9	One by one the warriors would roll over and regurgitate , cleansing their insides .
tr	7	A light rain fell in a rather half-hearted way .
tr	9	Preston told me Blackie had been rescued .
tr	6	Dr. Wilson , the professor , hands it out on the first day .
tr	8	She hesitated , and asked , " Promise not to laugh ? "
tr	11	Gabe is looking at a rabbit standing separate from his huddled , shivering companions .
tr	10	He had been awestruck by the size of the Amazon .
tr	11	They chatted about inconsequential things , like a couple strolling through a garden on a sunny afternoon .
tr	7	Thankfully the auxiliary lighting came to life ; Jason had obviously found the motor house .
tr	10	Which just set them off even more , with David holding his sides and tears coursing down his face .
tr	11	" So , um , are you going to turn into Wolves ? "
tr	10	He remembered the way he had looked her over and dismissed her scornfully as a foolish child .
tr	7	At first you must observe and analyse everything around you very closely and carefully . "
tr	10	' Hi Mum , I just wanted to say I love you . '
tr	11	Jennie wouldn 't be down yet although she might well be up and about .
tr	9	Jimmy watched his best friend closely for several seconds as she stared into the fire .
tr	8	He registered the meaning of his words and began to stammer .
tr	11	They were happy to be back but shaken significantly from their experience .
tr	11	I figured he would be waiting on me .
tr	8	It certainly helps us blend in , thought Beau .
tr	8	Who would shoot at us ?
tr	8	First was , in all my years alive , I never told anyone that I had a brother .
tr	9	Up until now things had been running along with just a hitch or two , nothing out of the ordinary .
tr	11	She had grown to care for him oddly enough .
tr	10	We couldn 't spare a man to watch them .
tr	6	" What are you guys doing here ? "
tr	5	On her waist , like the man 's , was a belt and sword .
tr	10	Though he couldn 't say why , he stopped walking and pretended to look in a store window .
tr	9	" It 's all there is now . "
tr	11	Thomas didn 't seem to want to move .
tr	8	Have to focus -- control , frozen .
tr	8	She carried on over his inarticulate grunt of disbelief .
tr	7	" And I 'm sorry for it all . "
tr	7	When their city was completed , they slew all the black slaves .
tr	9	Meanwhile , one of the Germans had been keeping an eye on the street .
tr	9	" And as they gave you yours , " Harald said .
tr	11	It took a couple of minutes to override the security system at the back of the building .
tr	7	" Oh , you know , " she starts , clearly pleased with herself .
tr	8	Spacecraft and satellites would eject all kinds of crap when they deployed .
tr	11	" I 'm not sure you didn 't deserve that , " he said .
tr	8	One slash from the powerful bear 's claws could kill or maim the hunter for life .
tr	8	' He swapped the numbers around , ' I said , opening the door to the closet .
tr	10	" I 'm trying to think of something . "
tr	10	A stoic sort of evil resonates within the swirling quagmire , inviting her in with its sheathed claws .
tr	6	" I don 't remember it .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , that 's not a big deal at all .
tr	8	" Jonesy , that hulk of metal out there doesn 't look anything like a darn beer can . "
tr	6	The woman 's headless corpse still straddled her , unmoving .
tr	5	At the moment , the fire , the panic , the explosions , the sirens , and emergency alarms were nonexistent .
tr	7	He returned to the table and plopped down glasses and linens .
tr	11	Without another word he quickly trots through the lifeless , stone streets toward the massive drawbridge at the gate .
tr	8	He said , " Horses draw tigers and the young wolves . "
tr	10	thought George , " not like him to be like that , maybe he 's not getting any . "
tr	7	It spread down my arm to my fingertips and entered Andy 's head in a rush .
tr	10	The plot was enclosed by an impressive stone wall topped with barbed wire .
tr	11	On one corner was the command module , the first part that had blasted off into space .
tr	8	Fuchs shrugged , my sword rising with his shoulders . "
tr	10	Thanks for trying to rescue me .
tr	8	Mason Perot was short and swarthy and always had an easy grin on his face .
tr	8	" What happened with the Devils proves you 're a dreamer .
tr	9	Sarah felt rough hands grabbing her jacket , her hair and pulling her back to a standing position .
tr	5	A sharp report , another , and the ghostly figures rose and descended .
tr	6	An hour later , Malcolm and I hobbled , arm in arm , to the Metro .
tr	6	" We 've never been up this far .
tr	6	' Johnny , how many times , Linda is our agent and a thousand miles away ?
tr	9	He studied the picture closely , " That one looks like a ball of string .
tr	10	Hailey took a moment to consider their situation deep within the brick pile .
tr	11	He relished her begging him to make it rougher .
tr	7	I bent my face to her exposed hand and pressed it up against her palm .
tr	6	' I need a ride , ' I replied .
tr	6	" It 's definitely not a barn owl , " he breathed .
tr	9	What you may not have learned about is our suffering relationship with Austria . "
tr	8	As he pulled me upright , something clattered to the ground behind me .
tr	7	Jimmy didn 't impress them - a skinny nerd wearing nerdy clothes .
tr	8	One woman , robust and ample in her curves , sneered at me today .
tr	7	His eyebrows rose at Victor 's expression .
tr	7	" You can 't come " " Give me one good reason " glared Sarah .
tr	10	" What do you mean why are we in a good mood ? "
tr	11	He yanked hard with a sharp cry and the icy fingers cracked and fell off onto the ground .
tr	10	What did it feel like to kill them ?
tr	9	' Meyer told you not to leave the city , ' said Reid after a while .
tr	9	The weight of what he had done felt as if it could never be erased .
tr	11	You need to learn to drink properly . "
tr	9	Lucas asked , studying every face for clues .
tr	8	" The story of the scars starts when I was young .
tr	8	" Sir , we 've got a bunch of movement at the target building . "
tr	9	Bron caught the bridle of Lord Rand 's horse and led it to his master .
tr	5	Instead , a control pad and a split screen appeared .
tr	9	The doctor wanted to carry her but Roberto just lifted her in his arms and carried her to her cabin .
tr	10	The dark figures turned into ashes leaving none of them in sight .
tr	11	The sergeant smiled as he watched Andy and Archie enter their room and close the door .
tr	10	By the time you get there he 'll be expecting you and will meet you at the airport .
tr	9	It had proven useful on many of our previous investigations .
tr	7	I stood up , gathered my sticks and walked back to camp .
tr	6	" Does your name , Edie May , have any relation to this woman ? "
tr	10	I shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to " knock " some warmth back into them .
tr	9	It came so naturally and felt so good to do .
tr	8	Joe yanked back on Melody 's shoulder , breaking Ted 's grasp on her hand .
tr	9	Another couple of millimeters and they would both have been blown to smithereens .
tr	7	The rest of that arm was connected to a Tyrannosaurus Rex .
tr	8	I 've read almost everything on there . "
tr	9	I need air , I can 't breath in space ... plus it 's freezing out there ! "
tr	9	She followed through with her dagger , catching the man underneath his arm .
tr	8	I can hike into town and find a new spot .
tr	9	My blade reflected the ceiling light into Eden 's eyes as I slowly slid it out from my side holster .
tr	11	' If what is written here is true , he has uncovered the Holy Grail of science , ' said Anna .
tr	5	Dane and Drew , Drew and Dane went around and around again .
tr	5	The bulb 's soft glow gave the hallway and staircase an old romantic glow .
tr	10	Mason spun the dial in the order she had dictated .
tr	9	Never trust anyone , especially those that claim to know you , your family or me .
tr	5	' Rather a lot , Miss Violet Lee , ' a voice said .
tr	7	After the Surrender , the volunteers brought home the tube of their Napoleon 12 pounder .
tr	5	North , northeast , east , southeast , south , southwest , west , northwest , north .
tr	8	The detective followed the parking signals of an armed soldier and shut off the engine .
tr	6	" She 's not here , " he announced a few feet away .
tr	9	That a dog 's killing the sheep ? "
tr	5	The door opened and Garrett entered , his cheeks flushed and his eyes sparkling .
tr	9	Jacob leapt first , rolling through the dirt as the carriage suddenly slowed .
tr	9	This change is a momentous gift given to the Searcher that he may fulfill his quest .
tr	9	Ted 's movement would be , at least somewhat , restricted .
tr	9	" It 's time to go " Trudy said as she walked up to us .
tr	6	Now entranced completely , and completely in her power , the man lay fully quiescent and fully aroused .
tr	8	The immortal cursed , the weapon dropping from his wounded hand .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , I understand , " Hulsey said impatiently .
tr	7	" H ... hello " I managed to say , from running .
tr	6	Dianne and the agent laugh and Shepherd says , " OK , let 's clear the room . "
tr	11	It was an immediate indication that something exciting was going to happen .
tr	7	' We need a sample of the virus . '
tr	7	" Of course you will learn your lines , " Mana responded .
tr	7	Hilda struggled against her rope but the guards jerked her into submission .
tr	6	" Guards out back too , I guess ? "
tr	7	He paused , his hand on the roof , and leaned back in .
tr	8	And why do they hunt you , would you say ? "
tr	11	Through their glasses the sisters could see that many of them were shrouded in a black mist .
tr	8	A heavy clang throws the boy back a step , his arm tossed aside from the force of the blow .
tr	8	It meant that the time was close .
tr	9	Missy opened the map and found the exit number her mother had marked .
tr	7	What I manage is , " just tell me . "
tr	6	I took the stairs two at a time .
tr	7	But the intuition had something with Damian .
tr	7	He stepped away from her , then he came back dynamically , then he went away again .
tr	8	Not a flag of the U.S. , or even of Kentucky , but of the University of Kentucky Wildcats .
tr	9	' Was it to get to you ? '
tr	8	It is the loveliest city in the world , Maile !
tr	7	At attention a few steps behind , two doctors in white coats stood watching the proceedings .
tr	9	The lady stares differently on Chase , smiling onto him with such sweetness , a seducing one .
tr	6	" Actually , your real worry is the sharks , " Demos murmured , his tone practical .
tr	5	In your blood , in your mind , in every breath you take .
tr	7	His favorite color is usually blue , but sometimes green and sometimes the bright yellow of highlighters .
tr	11	Adele gulped , trying to bring her tears under control .
tr	8	Minister Drake stood in the middle of the chaos awaiting our arrival .
tr	10	" We 'll have lots of details to work out , but in principle we 're in agreement .
tr	6	" How the hell could anyone pull that off ? "
tr	9	He began to speak more freely with the two Exiles , sharing memories with them .
tr	9	To the west lay rolling fields , perfect for riding and hunting foxes .
tr	10	If anything has to be said , I will say it .
tr	7	The hot sun beat down on his tan skin and his fish pendant necklace .
tr	7	The teens stopped and looked around for a Secret Service agent .
tr	5	" Lucien called him a tiresome prick too , yesterday . "
tr	5	Without another word they picked up their load .
tr	6	' Your majesty looks a little peaky this morning , sire , ' said Dios .
tr	11	The girl she had tried to kill had risked her life to save her .
tr	8	As if the thought was a summoning spell , the door swung open and a woman peered round into the room .
tr	5	' You 're not , ' I said quietly .
tr	11	That is how it works isn 't it ?
tr	7	None of our rounds are penetrating , " the sensor officer commented .
tr	9	He appeared ready to strangle Ahmad .
tr	6	However , the altercation with Jonas Stone seemed as good a starting point as any .
tr	5	" Strength , speed " - basic - " dermal contact telepathy . "
tr	6	The structure in front of her reared magnificently , every inch a five-star hotel .
tr	7	Tomas Godard sat down heavily in an armchair , his face grey .
tr	5	' SH * T ' he said .
tr	8	" Jim how about you , any concerns ? "
tr	9	You 've finally lost it , " Neil said , disengaging himself as rapidly as possible .
tr	6	' They called me , ' said Preston proudly , ' The Short Fellow . '
tr	11	White Eagle called Woodpecker to immediately fly to remote town for interrogations .
tr	6	" Yes , you should have tried .
tr	9	I have a position to uphold and you posting half-naked pictures of yourself across the Web - on LinkedIn !
tr	8	" Six iron 'll probably do it , " he thought reaching into his bag .
tr	8	Things keep happening to me .
tr	7	Shiner will issue the passports to his officer .
tr	7	Carvel was a good sized town : modern , prosperous , open -- everything Toby 's hometown hadn 't been .
tr	10	Obviously , she reflected , Blue Eyes was the leader , if you could call it that .
tr	6	On the ground , somehow , kneeling against the tree .
tr	9	Emerging from the orchard was stumbling man who held his hat upside down .
tr	9	Something slipped out from the pile of correspondence and fell to the floor .
tr	6	The band of the fox rested at an inn by the city entrance that night .
tr	8	Carpeted stairs led up to the three-storey townhouse above the club .
tr	6	She steps up the lectern , and her yellow curse immediately swallows up the microphone .
tr	8	Adele could even now be helpless in their power !
tr	11	Their stillness brought their own ruin , as Frenchmen picked off these easy targets , cluttering the ground with their bodies .
tr	8	" Man down , " he heard in his earpiece as he hit the verandah .
tr	10	" Do I have to feed ? "
tr	10	" We could feint toward what they expect , and attack where they do not , catching them by surprise . "
tr	9	As if I don 't got enough to do here . "
tr	6	Twenty-three Malcolm lowered the party horn and plopped his pack down .
tr	7	Adele was thoughtful for some time .
tr	9	Nathan sprinted up to the parked cars and carefully peeked over one of the hoods .
tr	10	What took you so long to come to town ? "
tr	8	He reached to take it .
tr	8	He sat there , watching the breeze flow through the trees .
tr	9	You don 't know anything at the best of times anyway . "
tr	8	John banged on the wall to Bradley 's room , but for a long time he was not getting any response .
tr	7	We carried on down another passage , crossed a further two rooms and finally reached another door .
tr	11	I 'd have stopped him had I known . "
tr	8	" Let 's talk to him now , I know how to help . "
tr	11	" I 'm sure we can think of something else . "
tr	7	" He 'll come back , " she said .
tr	9	I close my eyes and feel the tears flicking off my chin into the dark .
tr	6	But all too soon the cries of the old woman once again summoned the girl back to the cottage .
tr	7	And her hair always looked combed and , if not washed , at least taken care of .
tr	9	The metallic creatures came at me in the air , with a wild slash aimed at my midsection .
tr	7	Christy finally spoke , " You know , I expected a more eventful journey , and a more exciting arrival . "
tr	8	I 'd heard the term ' overkill ' before but never knew its proper place .
tr	9	Aurora music festivals were Italian themed so usually everyone showed up in fancy Victoria dresses and Venetian masks .
tr	10	Our heels clicked along the floorboards , the wood creaking in our path .
tr	10	I 'm sure Raj would appreciate the company .
tr	8	" There might just be hope for us after all . "
tr	6	" I saw Alex last night , for the first time . "
tr	6	" It 's a phone , " I tell him .
tr	6	Yes , Chris was fine , he was okay , he was a nice guy ; but he was not Tom .
tr	11	She flushed when she remembered the night they had first met .
tr	7	The time of the day was dusk , and night would follow shortly .
tr	8	Don 't bend with any wind and don 't follow just any path .
tr	10	You shouldn 't have left without telling me . "
tr	10	Five panels on five sides will be needed to complete the next aluminum cube .
tr	9	Moments pass , and he finds himself standing in silence .
tr	8	A flurry of arrows from the arriving warriors narrowly missed them .
tr	6	He straightened his shoulders and added up the numbers again .
tr	8	" Order six three five two , says I can , " responded Tork .
tr	9	For my despair , Helen came too , taking me to dance .
tr	10	Melody scrambled forward to peek around the front of the car so she could assess the damage .
tr	7	The walls were once again glossy and uniform , now extending nearly thirty feet to the top .
tr	5	This shared lot is huge , several miles , actually .
tr	9	She remembered a dream she had had , soon after her parents ' deaths .
tr	10	It 's kind of cool , stuff like that .
tr	8	His vision narrowed in on the Elder to the exclusion of all else .
tr	5	Chapter 11 " DID THE WITCH 'S brothers give you any trouble ? "
tr	9	When the time is right for them , they will cut us off .
tr	9	Josie stood by the open front door of the truck and pulled the gas mask off her head .
tr	7	" Yep , " Josie said , still watching Carlos .
tr	10	" I 'll get Security on the phone before I start on this side .
tr	7	Behind him the Hermann filled the view out the open hatch as the Osprey rotated .
tr	6	Might take a while , though , " she laughed .
tr	11	" Listen , I know it 's dangerous ahead , but I 'll help you , alright ? "
tr	7	Even the camera feeds are controlled from a different subframe . '
tr	9	I have to ask you for something though . "
tr	7	The metal jaguar head hanging from his waist reflected in the sun from its golden metal jaws .
tr	10	Let us see what is below . "
tr	8	" Don 't look at me that way .
tr	10	" I thought the word pretty implied you didn 't look like a boy . "
tr	9	But it doesn 't know that until we give ourselves away .
tr	8	" Our interest is the murders of Harry Downer and Peter Brenner . "
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	9	" I think the question is not ' if ' , but ' when ' . "
tr	10	" You 're welcome , George , can I get you anything else ? "
tr	8	" Be a couple of hours Mr Mudd .
tr	10	Can you spare a minute to go over the wording with us ? "
tr	7	And he was staring at her .
tr	9	The wind was steady now out of the north a sure sign that the depression had moved through .
tr	7	None of them had even seen it in the short fight .
tr	8	" Mom , are you al - ? "
tr	8	This proved to be futile .
tr	8	Our tutor even forced us to learn German .
tr	11	When he moved closer , through gaps in the crowd , he began to see wooden beams protruding from the sand .
tr	6	" Cook the evening meal , " answered the Lord Baron .
tr	9	Simon sat up fully and winced as he moved his jaw .
tr	8	What does that all mean ?
tr	10	Looks like she 's come straight from the office . '
tr	11	' We 'd hoped you 'd come to a gig . '
tr	8	Piracy was good to me , but the farm is waiting .
tr	10	Virgil asked , looking up from his plate in surprise .
tr	7	I asked Dover Air Force Base for a real pilot as a replacement over a week ago . "
tr	5	" Take my hand , " he demanded , and I did .
tr	6	You were looking pretty down yesterday . "
tr	11	He was taken aback at what she was asking him .
tr	9	You wouldn 't think it from his background in writing , but he 's pretty tough . "
tr	7	" You made the right call , pulling everyone together .
tr	11	A collective gasp filled the room , and horrified whispers danced around the space like the sounds of hornets .
tr	10	It is time we must protect ourselves .
tr	7	Then he brightened , " What is it ?
tr	9	" He has chosen his path in the long distance of years past .
tr	9	After flushing the instructions down the toilet and washing his hands he returned to the lab .
tr	9	Katherine joined in greeting the walk up crowd .
tr	7	Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	8	As Scott turned he saw something catch the sunlight and he looked down into the rocks .
tr	9	She didn 't give up , irritating me so much .
tr	9	" We have other things to worry about .
tr	9	They passed through the main portal and a blast of frigid , damp air assaulted them , making them both shiver .
tr	11	I promise we never intended that he would die .
tr	8	His voice was low , with the guttural cadence of a longtime smoker .
tr	8	Most of the fishing boats were still out , but his count of sailboats and other recreational vessels seemed about right .
tr	9	His frown deepened while he stared at his feet .
tr	11	He was an aggressive and dynamic leader in an age when everyone was cautious and methodical .
tr	5	Her legs , her back , everything hurt and nothing moved .
tr	11	She attempted to shrink into insignificance like any Chinese peasant woman .
tr	6	I arranged it with him in England . "
tr	11	All of the sudden he was breathing as if he 'd run a league at top speed . .
tr	5	And then she got real pale .
tr	10	Maybe it 's time to reign them in , Parnell mused .
tr	9	Suddenly there was a boom of thunder and lightning and the rain poured down in sheets .
tr	6	In a daze , he saw a face above him .
tr	6	" Crystal Crier , of course , " the voice told me with a chuckle .
tr	9	They nodded and he counted down with three of his fingers .
tr	8	Her voice rang with dire consequences if Josh pursued the current conversation .
tr	5	" I 'm not -- Yes , I am .
tr	11	Trust me to be in the capital on a bank holiday weekend .
tr	6	In only a few moments , the whole group had disappeared down the dark abyss .
tr	8	" A secret place where my special armor is hidden .
tr	6	She didn 't think so .
tr	11	Finally he heard the sound of the bolts being drawn back , and the heavy oak door opened a little .
tr	8	He looked at her horrified expression , coughed , and let the sentence go unfinished .
tr	7	Now , feats of engineering , both ancient and modern , were racing by the compartment window .
tr	6	After a little while , she dried her tears and took a deep , steadying breath .
tr	6	The chariot race was more violent than the gladiators ! "
tr	9	" I know what you 're thinking , " Chase whispered in a weary , low voice .
tr	10	He handed the trap to Steve then looked down at the little girl and the coyote .
tr	9	" It was as if a strange tongue came from his lips .
tr	11	she begged , reaching for his hand , and then recoiling as she remembered his warning .
tr	7	After the shock of this horrible new world , Maggie became tough and independent .
tr	11	Flaherty waited until they were all present before beginning .
tr	6	David examined the broken fence by the eastern pasture .
tr	6	Did he care about me at all ?
tr	7	I stepped back from the door and took several shallow breaths .
tr	5	You , 006 and I are the main bargaining chips now .
tr	10	' Looks like it 'll be a decent video , ' Danny said .
tr	9	Their schedule 's gon na be hectic .
tr	8	Alita cautiously walked down the hall looking for room sixty-eight .
tr	10	" There , they won 't be able to hear us .
tr	6	A jagged piece of metal protruded from the ground inches from my left eye .
tr	8	Other wolves singled out a different horse , a tired one , and started their game again .
tr	5	Slowly , very slowly , he opened his eyes .
tr	8	Candles lead the way down the aisle , with a long red carpet laid out .
tr	6	So wise , so kind , so charming , so full of laughter ! '
tr	7	I asked , " Is there any coffee ? "
tr	8	Tell me everything , " requested Beppe with a slight undertone of excitement .
tr	8	I 'll be up there in a day or so . "
tr	11	They were not going to be any more forgiving than Vito and Greg .
tr	8	" And when I was little I would make up all these stories about them .
tr	8	He wants people to be good .
tr	5	I kiss , kiss , kiss and bless you and you always understand .
tr	6	Her mouth was open , her lips slack , her skin probably deathly white .
tr	8	A humid breeze whipped at their hair from across the ravine and the sunshine seared their shoulders .
tr	9	said Archie , patting Andy on the back as they walked into the cottage .
tr	9	Those teeth had to be capped -- they weren 't a product of British National Health dentistry .
tr	9	We had to go to manual controls !
tr	7	They were sitting closely together at the kitchen island .
tr	9	" You really should pause to breath when you speak , " said William .
tr	9	Next to the snack bar was a vending machine that sold cigarettes .
tr	6	Chief Silver Eagle said , " Go like the wind and good luck .
tr	8	What matters is what you use it for . "
tr	10	" You 've hit upon the very heart of it , my boy .
tr	7	" Yes , I leap into the lava and I 'm done for .
tr	11	He is thought to be strange in our lands . "
tr	8	~ * * * ~ I gasped and opened my eyes .
tr	7	" There we are , just a little silver and they will be perfect . "
tr	8	As time in the dark cool brick pyramid wore on and reduced her body temperature , panic overcame her confidence .
tr	7	' That 's right , there 's a good deal of love up there .
tr	9	It came out broken into two distinct syllables but Scott understood it and he smiled .
tr	10	This way your opponent will never be able to read your next move " .
tr	8	Manuel 's mother had been feeling tired a lot lately , so he told her to wait and he would check .
tr	5	■ ■ For a glorified mental hospital , this isn 't so bad .
tr	11	They followed the path down to where it emerged from the woods .
tr	9	Do you have a name ? "
tr	8	" What are they talking about , a couple Billion ?
tr	5	By the way , the correct term is ' toast . ' "
tr	11	Gabe decided to jump into the middle of the fray .
tr	9	Tommy snapped out of his reverie and stood up looking menacingly at Gary .
tr	11	We have to do it now while she 's weak . "
tr	6	The door opened again and the guard shouted , " All out !
tr	7	" What excuse did Dick make for Gema ? "
tr	8	Claire wanted to stamp her foot .
tr	10	It was Sarah that sat next to her .
tr	7	Your worth and benefit to this society is out of the question , and so is your children 's .
tr	5	" My little girl , and I didn 't even know .
tr	8	" It 's got a lot of sharp edges . "
tr	11	The combination of speed and power Ganondorf wields seems every bit as impossible as it is overwhelming .
tr	9	He hit my uncle in the head with a war club when he was still in his bed .
tr	11	he exclaimed , making as if to pull her upright .
tr	7	When he was finished , she was firmly tied down .
tr	6	" Oh , you big baby , just stuff it back in . "
tr	9	It 's the greatest of our defenses against the Empire . "
tr	7	I blinked at him ; the look troubled me .
tr	11	Iran suffering under sanctions and also facing famine saw advantage in manipulating the ill will and the weakened condition of Europe .
tr	5	At least I 'm not the only solo traveller .
tr	9	His initial instinct was to deny everything ; he felt trapped and unable to escape .
tr	10	He could hear them as they skidded around the turns .
tr	10	Sophia shouted to Natalie : " Where are our glasses ? "
tr	10	Then we proved it by booking not one but three .
tr	9	The Prince couldn 't help but smile at the unfeigned surprise in her tone .
tr	8	They both jumped in the BMW and sped up the road to Nicola 's garage .
tr	9	I slowly raised my knife , gripped the worn handle tight and waited for him to make the first move .
tr	8	The doctors think he might not live . "
tr	8	You 'll leave the Toyota here and the keys with me .
tr	7	Fire licking up the insides of my bones ... .
tr	7	I have a small unit just outside Trans Central , she lives there with me . "
tr	7	She pulled a bloody hand away from her side and stared at it with incomprehension .
tr	9	He took the mug , poured the contents down the sink and sat down on the other side of the table .
tr	11	' You 've had plenty of time for sight-seeing , ' she said .
tr	9	' When does she plan to do this ? '
tr	8	" This axe has served me well , " Gunnar said .
tr	9	Lena knows how I feel about my homeland .
tr	10	" It 's nice to be back home , " said Bethany .
tr	7	Milky tea simmered in bone white porcelain , rich with sugar crystals and cardamom .
tr	8	Until 4 August , we have to stay here .
tr	6	Given such lax circumstances , quite a few volunteers simply set out for their homes .
tr	11	What is the West without the East to balance it , what is the right hand without the left ?
tr	9	Unable to cry out , she strained to open her eyes .
tr	8	There was nowhere to take cover .
tr	6	" In the beginning , with my tissues , perhaps the process of dissolution was slower .
tr	10	Well you know , I look after Damian to not see me with you .
tr	6	" I had it from his own lips . "
tr	10	But just as he was about to fire , he paused .
tr	10	" Hey what 's for breakfast , Sis ? "
tr	7	The American 's had just made a new camp , and the cold rain made them all miserable .
tr	7	Joey sent a command to the wireless printer on a side table and a sheet of paper quietly appeared .
tr	10	You 'll hear that when you listen to those records . '
tr	11	The training is going as well as can be expected .
tr	9	For a moment , Rylan didn 't think he would answer .
tr	8	She demands , pinching his nose between her knuckles .
tr	8	In my arms today she was far from the " ice queen " others have called her .
tr	5	Even for a little girl , it was a straight forward question .
tr	7	His pirate act was getting pretty old but , he still stayed in character .
tr	8	She crossed her arms tighter across her chest and shivered .
tr	8	In no time Cade had them rearing and bucking against their ropes .
tr	8	As if accused of something , Neela stammered , " The west lands , on the way to summer camp .
tr	7	Pierre had already left without her noticing .
tr	11	He is spent ; I can see it in the wavering energy field that hugs close to his body .
tr	10	Chase draw a breath , seeing that she was now awake .
tr	5	31 Musical Isotopes Challenge # 14 : Write a piece of absurdist fiction .
tr	10	This is what happened : It was Saturday and we were having our annual school fair .
tr	7	No name as of yet .
tr	8	Ted took the shiny hat and placed it on Mr. Hoover 's head .
tr	5	He pauses and his energy flicks .
tr	8	Was she really looking at this rabble as a source of credible information ?
tr	8	Let me do it . "
tr	7	He attacked me , I parried and he returned with a stab to the midsection .
tr	11	She realized then that he had been nice to her before .
tr	8	" I don 't know , " David said , clicking to his horse .
tr	8	From her hiding spot she 'd seen behind Hailey and spotted the seventh egg .
tr	11	I cannot estimate how much energy is good for you .
tr	7	As he open this last package the aroma of spices filled the air .
tr	7	As we discuss these issues aloud , Geoff interjects , " Taylor already took care of that problem .
tr	8	I trust what he says ... " " He 's wrong , or I would still be out there .
tr	6	" Your tribe has only one Healer and no War Healer .
tr	8	I didn 't revel in the gory mess but I didn 't wretch at the scene either .
tr	9	I was a bit of a cola addict myself when I was younger . "
tr	8	I saw you two walking about upstairs .
tr	7	" OK , " Rick said , " I 'll make this easy .
tr	8	Although we certainly don 't eat lobster regularly , we do cherish our sit-down meals ! "
tr	7	" I bet we will .
tr	10	" We 've got to get moving . "
tr	9	Let the forensic people down here but no truck for the time being .
tr	5	" Yeah , but ... he can 't right now .
tr	6	Unlike the other one , this door doesn 't have a lock .
tr	5	It is a long way back .
tr	5	In the middle , by the drugs shelf , was Jake .
tr	7	Instead , he summoned a guard and ordered her arrested for stealing . "
tr	5	" Yes , son , " he said .
tr	8	Am I a bear or what ? "
tr	9	We had lived like royals at the Shaded Oaks .
tr	6	She wore combat boots , black fatigue pants , and a tight , cutoff grey T-shirt .
tr	11	My orders are to complete this task in three days ' time .
tr	11	Let death come , even if it comes for me .
tr	11	" You think you don 't deserve to die , Rick ?
tr	6	Beyond that , it looks clear all the way . '
tr	9	His throw carried it up and away , where it disappeared from sight .
tr	8	That night , Sarah and John sat in front of the fireplace as usual .
tr	8	Our target was high value and he was only stopping there for a quick meeting .
tr	7	The lines on Joseph 's face hardened .
tr	7	After a long pause , she opened her eyes and looked right into Ted 's .
tr	6	" Your claim , while formerly sound , is no longer obviously factual .
tr	11	It is a bit overwhelming and hard to figure out where to start .
tr	11	The shirt was green with some kind of designer peace sign on it .
tr	10	Clouds passed over the moon , casting a shadow over the city of lights .
tr	11	It was one he had taken to heart as a child .
tr	5	" No , " he answered quickly , too passionately .
tr	8	A confused Marcus looked on , surly it was normally a more democratic process than this ?
tr	8	Even Phillip tried to persuade her .
tr	8	The door was thrown open and he was wrenched up by his arms .
tr	10	The shapeshifter suddenly lunged at Josie , grabbing her with one hand around the throat .
tr	11	Ariel who was on the couch reading a magazine looked up and smiled .
tr	9	If he is it might be easier to find him than find Callahan .
tr	7	The first thing they did was locate the root cellar .
tr	11	' Did I say I was scared ?
tr	9	The octagonal central atrium was roughly seventy feet in diameter and sixty feet in height .
tr	9	She was going to fly today !
tr	9	I stomped hard on the K.O. canister gripped in Morning Breath 's hand .
tr	6	The black kid watched him from the store .
tr	11	This is different from the last time I was over .
tr	9	The hunger , the sickness , the petty violence , and he decided to do something about it . "
tr	5	" So , what 's the Melody Perkins story ? "
tr	9	" I will do as I please , " Ganondorf bellows in a voice not quite his own .
tr	9	" We can stay as long as we want .
tr	5	" Fear not mortal , I am simply Traveller .
tr	9	To be seen walking around .
tr	7	Although her attire was not bizarre , it helped accentuate her better qualities and expose her superb ones .
tr	9	she asked , " I 'm expecting something from the travel agents . "
tr	10	He launched himself at the girl , bearing her to the ground with him .
tr	8	Blood pooled in a growing crimson tide across the stone floor .
tr	9	He stood up to light more lanterns and sat down again next to her .
tr	8	What do I have to lose ? "
tr	8	" You 're going kayaking Claire ? "
tr	6	" Before you leave , daughter , please come and say goodbye , " he added .
tr	8	John started to fight back .
tr	9	He knew the seas , the currents , and every kind of cloud and what it meant .
tr	8	My body is moving , leaving my thoughts behind .
tr	7	If she sees you just walk up and say hello ... act surprised .
tr	6	" We weren ' after a prize , boy .
tr	9	Until he starts to play .
tr	8	" And I believe , sir , that it supports my suggestion .
tr	8	a little chill later in the day , the sun a little lower in the sky .
tr	6	" About ten minutes later , he did it again -- up and back , up and back .
tr	10	As if it mattered in the slightest to me . "
tr	7	" Hi , " Esther Hicks said and giggled , " bye . "
tr	9	They had been on their own for as long as he could remember .
tr	5	" What the hell , " Mr. Lloyd mumbled .
tr	8	His face began to drift down .
tr	5	A good , solid man , she thought , not for the first time .
tr	10	' I 'd prefer beer if you 've got one . '
tr	11	He watched the man and sheep go back up the right fork of the trail .
tr	9	He was holding up seven first-place ribbons to show the camera .
tr	8	But we might be able to later . "
tr	10	" You might as well know who your new masters will be , " she added .
tr	8	" That smell always reminds me of home , " she said .
tr	6	' No , I catch this train every Friday , ' explained Jake .
tr	6	Before long the restoration artist stopped the car at a crossroads .
tr	10	" Don 't worry , " Willie laughed , " that makes you and every other guy who gets hitched .
tr	10	It was the same with me when I first learned of it .
tr	9	Reggie spotted Paul Campbell in the crowd shaking hands and slapping backs .
tr	6	" The change shouldn 't be this difficult .
tr	9	' The Change ' saw the birth of light , education ; turning an aggressive people into an enlightened one .
tr	7	This was nature fighting man .
tr	10	He wove his hand into her free hand , pulling her in the direction of the ramp .
tr	6	" He 's an apostate , Ishmael .
tr	8	Better they look for us where we 're not going . "
tr	8	It could me months . '
tr	9	And how frighteningly he had flashed his eyes at them !
tr	10	I did not want to make the creature mad .
tr	7	I remained amazed for a second .
tr	11	Jimmy asked , trying to see around Mark .
tr	10	" I need to know what happened .
tr	9	Wolf Eyes said , " It 's really between you and me now .
tr	8	Reggie saw some looks of confusion , but the majority just looked uncomfortable .
tr	6	The one full of different spy gadgets -- gifts from Dad , of course .
tr	11	- You have to invite her to your birthday party in March .
tr	11	" Wait till nightfall to get the warriors across the river , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	10	Now behind the fuming foe , the boy spots Mai pulling yet another piece of armor loose near the ribcage .
tr	6	In my family , there are no children , parents , and grandparents .
tr	11	The last thing we want to do it overload everything again . "
tr	8	" As one shipmate to another , I give ye my word , son .
tr	10	We got ta get some groceries and supplies in the morning .
tr	10	The cage shook as someone slammed the door shut .
tr	5	" Well , sir , these are indeed dangerous times .
tr	6	He appeared thin , almost emaciated , and his long black hair and beard were matted and straggly .
tr	8	It grew , slowly but inexorably , and as it grew bigger , its weight increased with it .
tr	11	" You told Vivian your address when you first met her " George replied .
tr	6	The room was larger yet , but no brighter even with the extra torches .
tr	10	Half the Bolivian guys I 'm friends with here have an earring .
tr	5	" But he 's still alive . "
tr	9	Once at the garage , Nicola pulled a set of keys out of his pocket .
tr	6	I blew it a kiss .
tr	7	Dane , Monti , and Cole exit the car and put on their protective gear .
tr	5	" No , not yucky , Joelle , delicious you 'll see . "
tr	9	You don 't need to watch , but I have to .
tr	6	" But I am your Watcher -- " he began .
tr	9	You 'll do well to remember that .
tr	11	They made their way through a trench and started up as this part of the range sloped gently upward .
tr	8	Humans , out of patriotism for their species , can be very selfish .
tr	7	" That 's right , Frank , " the one with blue eyes agreed .
tr	9	The second man was wearing a pair of brown corduroy pants and a black woollen jumper .
tr	8	A second later he was thrown onto something very cold and smelly .
tr	5	His face drawn , his lips flat , Voss nodded , then gave a shrug .
tr	11	Steam and boiling water bubbled out from under the hood and thick black smoke billowed from under the drive train .
tr	8	" We have agreed to the HS and the clone process , including a demo .
tr	5	It 's all very foolish .
tr	7	" Be careful , for Set 's sake ! "
tr	8	Up to that moment , the day was actually been going pretty well for once .
tr	7	I fumbled at the knots , but Peyton took two steps , grabbed my arm and yanked me away .
tr	6	" Go fuck yourself , " said John straining at the ties .
tr	9	Whatever happened to slow dancing ?
tr	6	A scream of panic rose from elsewhere in the underground car park .
tr	11	You shouldn 't at all have to modify your standard of living .
tr	7	She pulled that case up onto her bed not a moment too soon .
tr	6	Inside the palace , drapes of gold and silver filled the throne room as well as subjects from each kingdom .
tr	7	The guns on Morro switched targets and there was a splash 200 yards from the ship .
tr	8	Another pavilion was there for the rest of the elders .
tr	6	Lena looked around the hallway and with a sallow face let it out .
tr	10	However , not appearing to be impolite , he accepted the host family 's invitation to dinner .
tr	8	" Will you ever go back there ? "
tr	5	' It 's only a flesh wound . '
tr	6	" Yes they are , they just aren 't on this boat . "
tr	11	I couldn 't deny that Mr Gorn 's argument may have held some merit .
tr	10	We need to know where inside he is . "
tr	7	Taylor had never slept better in his life .
tr	11	Our desire for revenge is going to get us all killed .
tr	8	Her voice rang out through the room , and the boys jumped to their feet , towering over the tiny woman .
tr	10	Finally , in desperation , I ask , " do you really think we 'll win ? "
tr	10	They laughed their way to the shore where they picked up the paddles and helped themselves to the canoe .
tr	5	Chapter IV " A Past That Haunts " " This place is very different . "
tr	7	' So , ' Danny said , ' The Beatles used this kind of amp ? '
tr	8	There was a stir among the senior immortals ; they glanced at each other uneasily .
tr	6	My biological father died during that storm .
tr	8	We finally made our way through the crowd , and we walked along towards Mercedes ' home .
tr	9	Despite knowing the truth , Landon felt hope swirl painfully in his chest before he could crush it .
tr	5	' Oh , not my personal skull , ' said the raven .
tr	11	I couldn 't think about everything he 'd said , his visions , my death .
tr	6	By now the spicy smell of Christmas was pervading the house .
tr	11	It could be said my claim is stronger than yours ! "
tr	7	The first arrow screams across the battleground , and his mind is made up .
tr	7	Two stumpy horns protruded from its flat forehead , and each of its feet consisted of three razor sharp claws .
tr	11	" You don 't seem to have much faith in them . "
tr	8	As she laid them out , Cade came over and asked quietly , " Does he trouble you ? "
tr	11	Cruz said , trying to keep me talking .
tr	10	It would be suicide to attempt it .
tr	9	Who knew what would happen .
tr	8	Unfortunately , all that was visible was a newsstand .
tr	9	" Are your things moved to the attics yet ? "
tr	9	He finally hung up the receiver and poured himself another measure of his favorite .
tr	10	I hope you are pleased with yourself .
tr	7	The Prince fell silent and listened ... and heard soft rain falling outside their small living cave .
tr	5	" Yes , we have the Clan Elders . "
tr	8	There are rumors about me and every man . "
tr	7	And he 's sleeping in my bedroom ! "
tr	8	" The part where you ran up to those cars .
tr	9	William watched Jacob eat , certain of one thing -- there were so many unanswered questions .
tr	6	but I don 't think so .
tr	9	A staircase was visible at the opposite end of the passage .
tr	11	" I did what I thought was best .
tr	9	Glad to have you mobile .
tr	8	When the rifle jumped against his shoulder it was a surprise , like always .
tr	8	We followed him to an alcove at the end of the hall .
tr	8	" He 'll rely on his size , try to intimidate you .
tr	7	Weasel placed the stake over her wrist , drew back the hammer , and swung forward with all his weight .
tr	8	That was the source of the anger , the evil will .
tr	6	The meal consisted of a standardized thick substance , with an additional fruit or vegetable and vitamin and mineral supplements .
tr	11	His voice was pleasant to her ear and she smiled , glad to finally see a friendly face .
tr	10	Frankie flashed me a bored look , and then went back to stirring another sugar packet into his coffee .
tr	9	Except I have no idea what .
tr	11	Not wanting to be paddling in the dark , Jeff turned towards shore .
tr	10	" I already had him in my sights while you were still sawing logs . "
tr	11	Miriam stole a look at Simon 's grim profile , sighed slightly and tried to shift into a more comfortable position .
tr	6	" Unfortunately , you ended your life on such a sad note , at such a young age . "
tr	10	He marched forward , striding into the center of the room .
tr	8	" I 've been thinking about your lesson the other day .
tr	8	We clasped hands firmly , and I took off into the night once more .
tr	9	Brand followed Hilda to the lectern , gazing at her long blonde hair and her fair neck with anger .
tr	5	After a moment , Chris found his voice .
tr	10	" But you could have defeated it as you did the last one . "
tr	6	Muted words drifted tantalisingly in and out of earshot .
tr	6	I was slowly getting the idea .
tr	6	It 's my treat , so get up , get dressed , and get your butt downtown . "
tr	5	Then , " this is , um , awkward . "
tr	10	The sentry lowered his weapon snapping the butt of it to the ground in salute .
tr	8	Hunt jumps out of the plane and everyone starts hugging and kissing him like the long lost son . "
tr	6	" Oh , I don 't know , " now Karen lied .
tr	10	Trinity did have to stop and think about that one .
tr	11	" Aren 't they taking long ? "
tr	5	" I 'm sorry , sir . "
tr	9	Frustrated by the man 's surrender , the words left Chris 's mouth before he could stop them .
tr	9	Already visible in the southern hemisphere , it wouldn 't reach its flaming zenith until it reached the northern hemisphere .
tr	11	She knew she had to say it .
tr	7	His face is all sharp bones , strong chin and cruel smiling scar .
tr	7	Several more of their attackers jostled their way into the back , then the door slammed shut .
tr	8	" Whatever the reason , I am most grateful for your sudden recollection . "
tr	9	" Will you take me out to dinner ? "
tr	6	But the sound brought no joy to my heart or ease to my mind .
tr	7	Mido meekly asks , terrified , but still bound by his duty .
tr	5	" Not good , not good at all replied the Doctor .
tr	7	More than thirty persons got out , some of them elderly men and women , some with canes and walkers .
tr	6	I stand up and take a wobbly step away .
tr	8	" That makes sense - if he regenerated tissue , the neural patterns left by experiences wouldn 't be there . "
tr	10	Chase was rather hobbling as he walked in a slow paced .
tr	10	They could be sending a message from beyond the grave or warning of great suffering ahead .
tr	11	However , in reality , she was nervous and did not want to show it to Roberto .
tr	10	They must not be allowed to stay , they cannot be allowed to stay . "
tr	7	Logan bowed in perfect form , kissing her hand .
tr	7	" Obviously looting it , and no Germans in sight , " he thought to himself .
tr	8	If I 'm tired , he must be exhausted , she thought , suddenly ashamed of herself .
tr	5	No fingerprints beyond the obvious , Flo , Lilly , Ty , etc. .
tr	11	" Nor is that an end to the matter , for they follow us still .
tr	10	There were seven men , led by a youth probably still short of his fourteenth year .
tr	9	Simple matter now of finalizing the contracts and we 're done . "
tr	5	" Oh , why , certainly , " Theodosia said .
tr	10	He must be off on some devious mission of death .
tr	9	Something was wrong with him , she thought but it just remained in her head .
tr	8	Automatic fire raked the building , the thin , woven walls offering no protection .
tr	7	Conscious of the four other women asleep in the dorm , she let out a quiet groan and forced a smile .
tr	9	Just the lower set we have waltzed with . "
tr	11	If Mac hadn 't come to help Lynn , he would have one less ally .
tr	9	I may have been in the room , but my mind drifted away .
tr	7	That whole night , despite Roberto 's tiredness , he sat with her after the doctor left .
tr	7	His palms became slick with sweat and a roaring sounded in his ears .
tr	5	" Bax , the egg , put it down ! "
tr	10	The result of their battle would decide which army would be victorious .
tr	9	Trying not to look too nervous , Melody moved as fast as she dared away from the edge .
tr	10	You 'd best get on where you 're going .
tr	8	The shit was in the air and heading toward the fan .
tr	8	' A bar up the road , ' Reid replied , taking a sip from his own cup .
tr	7	" No , I 'm not from anywhere around here .
tr	5	First date , holding hands , first kiss , all the smoldering and yearning ? "
tr	8	How in the world of French pastries would I beat out top chefs ?
tr	9	I handed her the cat and placed a brown envelope on the table in the hallway .
tr	11	He never ceased to be amazed by Joe 's stamina .
tr	6	His breath on my mouth , his hands on my back , his chest against mine .
tr	6	" Yes , " said the father , as if answering a poignant question , " of course . "
tr	7	" That doesn 't look like a bill ... .
tr	8	Chapter 23 He seemed mesmerized by the gun ; he couldn 't take his eyes off it .
tr	7	You worthless slime , there is a trail over there .
tr	6	" I will try ... for your sake . "
tr	7	As he brushed them off , burns were revealed on his skin .
tr	10	It seems everything is going against me . "
tr	11	Let her get close to killing me .
tr	7	She obviously doesn 't know about her father .
tr	9	Me , the person your son has fought with and bled with against the Empire !
tr	8	She was standing on another rock a short distance away .
tr	8	" You 're good at that , " Miriam said unwillingly .
tr	7	Yes , it 's beautiful , but so is Scotland or Wales or the Lake District .
tr	8	" I 'm going ten and barely keeping up with her . "
tr	7	The End This book is a work of fiction .
tr	11	" Just what I need , " said David laughing , do I stay in Hereford ? "
tr	8	" Down and to the left today , Marcus , " he answered .
tr	9	Who 're you trying to convince ?
tr	6	Each room has a bedroom , bathroom , and a small kitchenette .
tr	8	Noting my insistent glance , he launched into our tale of woe .
tr	9	" Generals , it is my pleasure to meet you .
tr	8	My feet moved into the starting stance of kendo .
tr	10	You have my permission to sleep in your bunk tonight . "
tr	9	Do you need something ? "
tr	9	He was an Asian man , in his forties , with thinning hair and a serious face .
tr	5	" Not this year , " he answered , " but soon . "
tr	8	" After tying me up . "
tr	5	Eda 's voice was confused and hurt .
tr	9	" But now I am not sure what to do !
tr	8	He just wanted to impress his friends .
tr	7	" Are you outlaws ? "
tr	9	She was weakened , pale , and that something beautiful disappeared .
tr	8	And that maybe they had been friends .
tr	6	to one side the blood stained parang .
tr	6	Neil cursed , eyed Miriam , and muttered an apology .
tr	7	Flaherty hadn 't fired the weapon during the battle .
tr	9	Trae grabbed Lena around the waist and sprang from the edge of the road .
tr	8	" We are here to help you . "
tr	8	Then you will have to walk .
tr	8	Noah awoke from the night sleep with a sense of unease .
tr	9	I rub my legs with my gloved hands , sip at my water and wait for him to continue .
tr	6	" He made a mistake this time , " Scott said .
tr	9	Surely this was as cruel a twist for him as it was for her ?
tr	7	In the next second , her dagger was pressed against his throat .
tr	8	I 'll be there in about an hour . "
tr	9	" But ... how was I even able to touch it ?
tr	5	Fourteen Several months later a storm , a Seattle cloudburst , woke Charlotte .
tr	9	He 's bleeding badly internally , if we don 't get him medical attention quickly he won 't make it . "
tr	6	Anna let out a frustrated sigh and shook her head .
tr	11	It 's what I would have done in his place after all .
tr	9	She noticed that John had watched closely too .
tr	6	A deep , oppressive , rumbling vibration pushes him deeper into his seat .
tr	6	" I would hope not , " I said , " or he 's a horrible planner .
tr	9	Only because I 've been training people for Spy Games . "
tr	8	" My God , am I sleeping or is this for real ?
tr	6	his thoughts came back to the team .
tr	11	" You guys who flew Desert Storm know the drill .
tr	6	" Ouch , Sophie , " she pulled her arm away with a stern look .
tr	6	Just darn socks , maybe mend his shirt ... and clean the house once or twice a week .
tr	11	We hope that others will join them soon and enable a fully functioning administration .
tr	9	What are you going to tell James ?
tr	8	After checking in , she changed quickly and followed the sound of the waves .
tr	10	We both laughed , he just didn 't know it was for two separate reasons .
tr	8	' You look fantastic , ' Katherine told her mum as she came down the coach steps .
tr	7	She touched his elbow and he moved toward the porch .
tr	5	One moment all soft and willing , the next a live wire .
tr	8	Everything seemed to slow down .
tr	10	She noticed my tense expression and asked , " What is it , what did you find ? "
tr	7	He watched a few minutes in silence , enjoying his orange juice .
tr	10	He paused to let her digest the words .
tr	8	" That doesn 't seem normal , " the stranger remarked , dumping the bullet fragments from his hand .
tr	11	I lifted a hand and wiped away the sliver of blood where the bullet had grazed my cheek .
tr	11	" Simon , I think it would be best if you asked them that question . "
tr	7	In my apartment , in my bedroom closet is a whole lot of cash .
tr	10	" I 'll go if somebody will guide me . "
tr	5	" Sure , this is a good spot . "
tr	7	The girl 's eyes lost a bit of their glaze .
tr	11	It is something like the older brother of the Law of Gravity .
tr	10	I never sensed her there , and I usually ... Who knows what she heard ? "
tr	11	Are you trying to blind me ? "
tr	11	What are you going to do with that ! "
tr	9	I was amazed , one man controlling this leviathan - he must be superhuman .
tr	5	For some reason her understanding unsettled him .
tr	6	Or talk to me ? "
tr	10	" And you think we should just live here in the meantime ? "
tr	9	At the end of the year , you can stay if we like or you step down peacefully .
tr	10	' I think he might be right , ' Reid muttered .
tr	10	He knew they let him win .
tr	9	I could also eat in my private dining room , my family dining room , or my larger formal dining room .
tr	7	She could hear the waterfall now ; but as she approached , she felt a weird chill from her back .
tr	9	Llama clapped him on the shoulder , " Make it happen , Sergeant . "
tr	10	He flew over my head , and I had time to rise , turn , and draw my sword .
tr	7	" Yes , " said her husband , " I see , but what about this curse you mentioned ? "
tr	9	Oh and of course all that lovely architecture and works of art .
tr	8	Go fetch Dan and we 'll come up with our own ideas .
tr	5	" Aye , lad , " he rasped .
tr	9	" If you are not too busy , of course , sir , " he added hastily .
tr	5	" Hi , other honey , " I gave Shane a hug , too .
tr	6	" Yeah , well , with any luck , some of 'em won 't be guys , right ? "
tr	8	007 recognized his new host and began accepting commands .
tr	8	Who knows what Josh wants ?
tr	7	" Why don 't I tell you about the ventilation system ?
tr	7	He smiled at me grimly .
tr	11	I SAID NOTHING WAS TO BE TAKEN !
tr	9	" I don 't suppose that 's still on . "
tr	6	The three leaders , Zeus , Poseidon , and Hades , vanished from Earth .
tr	8	The jacket works , and the faded jeans give him an air of cool casual .
tr	8	Noah tried to stretch , then grimaced and gave up .
tr	9	You know far too much as it is , ' growled the Bastian Council member .
tr	9	Somewhere above , a woman was crying softly , a series of low sobs echoing around us .
tr	10	Regardless , Harold liked it and laid to rest previous worries about John Downing .
tr	7	" So , kid , how much did we lose in Vegas last week ? "
tr	7	When he pulled his hand away , there was a trickle of blood .
tr	5	" Why , Master Andrew , " the sailor remarked .
tr	8	He said he was ; why should I have doubted him ? "
tr	9	" Want to hold this ? "
tr	7	" Took you long enough , " she laughs , rolling her eyes .
tr	7	And by tonight I might be in jail .
tr	11	At least the general didn 't know how to get past the gas .
tr	5	The flat , the job , the fit bloke .
tr	9	' That was quite a stunt you guys pulled back there , ' said Lacroix .
tr	8	However , unexpectedly they were intercepted by their great friend the bodyguard .
tr	6	By the time the screams started , Reid and I were already running .
tr	11	She left the gun where it was and gathered up the reins in both hands .
tr	7	She reached for the dress , put her hand on it , and pulled it towards herself with a jerk .
tr	11	He was choosing to be an optimist about the situation .
tr	7	This book is the second in my Andrew Michaels trilogy .
tr	6	" Yes , " said he , " your whole race now shares that same longing .
tr	8	The foredeck was swarming with activity and Herb was cussing like a sailor .
tr	9	They often provide me with helpful information , and I pay well to be well informed .
tr	7	" It 's connected now through the mesh .
tr	7	Taylor went back into the house and picked up his tool belt .
tr	5	The cold water went down his throat quickly .
tr	10	" This is all nothing more than a test of character , " Mike reasoned .
tr	7	Highlander Company A had twelve wounded and seventeen killed .
tr	10	The prime challenge was the movement of the cash the business generated .
tr	6	The elf 's voice wavers in and out with the pain .
tr	10	" Sorry that I can 't stay for breakfast .
tr	5	" Not mad , " she said , " just sadly angry . "
tr	10	She rocked me and cried , and I was just staring at her , calm and composed .
tr	7	" I-I 've seen your past , " Sofia stammered and lowered her gazed .
tr	10	' Actually it might be best you avoid caffeine . '
tr	10	It was just doomed to haunt the seas from now on .
tr	9	holding back the flap and pointing to something in the bed of the truck .
tr	6	The storm calmed down about an hour later .
tr	11	Only the light that radiates from the other end of the tunnel can be seen .
tr	9	For a split second he was tempted to return the favor .
tr	9	What it all comes down to is that they 're stupid , and we 're not .
tr	9	And then all of a sudden it just happened .
tr	10	He ducked into the first bookstore he could find .
tr	8	He especially liked spending it here at the beach .
tr	7	I stood at the south entrance to the dance floor and did not move .
tr	8	When they got there neither Natalie nor Sophia had seen anything like it .
tr	8	This ship was half the size of Northgate , so the size of the command deck shouldn 't have surprised him .
tr	10	It 's evident that these people are interested in everything .
tr	9	Claire thought about the rare visits to Uncle Jim when she was Sky 's age .
tr	10	It would be awkward but somehow , she was fond of knowing the story .
tr	7	Adele pushed the tangle of curls back from her friends face .
tr	9	said Solange softly while we waited for his return .
tr	9	An epoch after that , the knife was removed from behind Arthur 's ear .
tr	6	" How in the hell are they getting those lids off ? "
tr	7	" My lord , I hope you come prepared . "
tr	5	No one came -- not the good guys , not the bad guys , not anyone .
tr	6	" She said - forgive her , Your Majesty - she said , Toothless sharks amuse me .
tr	10	It would be foolish indeed to continue going .
tr	5	" Well , we are so much more civilized , these days . "
tr	10	Jan looked like she wanted to protest .
tr	7	Jolie took a deep breath and turned , his body expanded to full height and breadth .
tr	9	I will leave him my will and a set of instructions .
tr	9	He collapsed into his seat and began to tap the computer keyboard .
tr	8	' The equipment you asked for will be there . '
tr	6	" Come , ' tis not so shocking as all that .
tr	10	Before I could react one of the guards was already looming over me .
tr	8	" Neil seems to understand it all though . "
tr	8	They reentered the woods and moved with stealthy caution back to the river path .
tr	8	" And that is why she 's here . "
tr	10	Let them kill me , for hundreds more will rise to fill my place ! "
tr	6	Approaching a doorway , he placed a hand onto a panel in the wall .
tr	8	Most buildings within the one mile radius had lost most of their windows .
tr	6	She threw her hands up , her eyes wide .
tr	10	Claire wondered if she had ever defended a sibling with such passion .
tr	10	" That 's what I thought you said . "
tr	8	" This one 's got a pair of gunshot wounds to the torso .
tr	10	Andy blinked a few times to focus then looked up at Tim .
tr	7	Josie was still in her short shorts , her t-shirt and sandals .
tr	6	complicated place , with many cultures living side by side , each with their own laws and beliefs .
tr	11	Then the road narrowed leaving less room for an oncoming car to pass .
tr	6	" I have two brothers , one sister , and one dead sister , good enough for you ? "
tr	10	Besides , someone who would kill over philosophical opinions was probably better removed from society before he caused more trouble . "
tr	6	Bron emerged from the mist .
tr	11	You came here to warn me to stay home ? "
tr	8	I sent him and his third wife to a beach in the Caribbean with a hundred grand in his pocket .
tr	6	Fine with me , fine with me . "
tr	9	He had lost sight of Black Scorpion and had to slow his pace .
tr	7	" They 're searching for her now . "
tr	9	" That is because you are a stupid oaf , Karsh .
tr	7	And those friends have many friends of their own . "
tr	11	shouted Simon into his communication microphone as he noticed a few armed men appearing to his right .
tr	11	Doesn 't she see what I 'm trying to do ?
tr	11	Dane was relieved to see the strain leave her face .
tr	8	I felt the water reverberate around me and even heard the blow .
tr	8	" Okay , " she said , putting the gun back down and taking a long breath .
tr	7	The next morning with a clear sky and the sun shining brightly , we departed on our sojourn .
tr	9	" I will arrive by nightfall if it is your wish . "
tr	10	No need to give these curious eyes anything more to consider .
tr	11	A sharp sting ran down his back as he leaned over to switch off the light .
tr	10	The bounty hunters replied over the walkie , " Copy that , we 'll come check it out . "
tr	7	To her surprise , Ethan still had his gun , and he retrieved it from his side .
tr	9	If you hesitate it 'll be an issue of ' physician heal thyself ' if you get my drift .
tr	6	Finally , after a few minutes , a groggy uncle in plaid flannel steps out and lifts her up .
tr	9	But I thought , maybe if he got tired of them , he 'd see me eventually . "
tr	11	He then turned into the driveway of a large detached house set back from the road .
tr	9	Kaylie kept on running for the goal .
tr	5	" You girls did an excellent job .
tr	5	( The whole thing a bit like junior high for the elderly , I had observed .
tr	6	" Good god boy , she 's the devils daughter , twice you 're age . "
tr	7	It was obviously time for slapped wrists all around .
tr	8	He said his wife was horribly ill .
tr	8	Warrior , snarling , sinks her teeth into the back of his neck , puncturing his scales .
tr	10	" Ghost , this is Aries , what 's the hold up ? "
tr	5	In fact , he rarely shows any strong emotions at all .
tr	5	An impossible dream for any hardened sailor .
tr	8	The arrow had wrenched a huge hole in the flesh .
tr	11	The blow was so terrific it almost broke the wooden axe handle .
tr	11	Up till that moment , I hadn 't realized the amount of snow that had been falling .
tr	10	I went back and gave the guy laying down another kick in the ribs .
tr	7	" We had the pleasure earlier ; he escorted us from the airport to the apartments . "
tr	6	" You better believe it , " said Mary Jane proudly , again displaying her perfect white teeth .
tr	7	The weapons themselves didn 't take long at all and weren 't particularly heavy .
tr	7	She reached behind her desk and pulled out a small paper bag .
tr	6	stammered Scarborough , confused by the old ladies reaction to the payment .
tr	10	You are to get up , get dressed and come with us .
tr	9	He jumped as a voice addressed them both .
tr	6	Every return home , after a longish absence , was always for me a blessing , a true gift .
tr	11	It will take more than that to break her , he thought .
tr	8	" You want me to take the next patrol ? "
tr	8	At this point , he longs to find any other human .
tr	6	Thus , the family escaped hell on earth in one piece .
tr	11	Danny felt her resolve weaken as he pulled harder .
tr	9	The next half hour is spent arguing about me .
tr	8	He 'd go find Savana and together they 'd get out of the city .
tr	8	" I 'd like a word please , " calmly ordered the pilot .
tr	8	I took my Beretta 92 from out the envelope and showed him the gun .
tr	9	He was surprised seeing her asleep .
tr	9	Her sister squeezed , the action barely registering against Claire 's grip .
tr	6	A nice house , a pretty wife , a nanny for the two kids , a membership at the club .
tr	5	A month every summer , and sometimes a few weeks in the spring and fall . "
tr	8	A small pirate ship had flanked behind us , caught up and matched our speed .
tr	10	The commander would have to re-establish his authority ; if he wavered , Zeal would take him down .
tr	10	They looked up and beheld the bird of the king in the morning sky .
tr	7	She pushed back his bangs , then pressed the damp cloth to his forehead and washed the blood from the wound .
tr	9	They began to willingly sacrifice each other to him .
tr	9	' Yes sir , shall I send him in ? '
tr	7	Adele sighed and snuggled closer against his warmth .
tr	9	Need to think on it .
tr	10	This dreadful wail soon had a policeman running along with a whole crowd of onlookers .
tr	10	She had to go to sleep .
tr	6	Here in this little shop old secular religious items co-existed with modern earthy occult trinkets .
tr	7	The sisters were silent for a second and then nodded their heads in agreement .
tr	5	In his place , Her Majesty , Queen Giulietta , will rule .
tr	8	" Sure , sure , but I 'll probably go easy , you know , the ankle . "
tr	7	He released her and held it above his head .
tr	8	Tonight there would be no campfire , and all they would eat was dried deer meat , for nourishment .
tr	5	Later , in our bedroom , Henry and I didn 't speak .
tr	10	She planned to skip dinner and retire early for the night .
tr	6	Aimee placed her hand on my arm .
tr	8	If I leave now I 'll be there before reception closes . "
tr	10	He turned to face Abigail for instructions .
tr	9	What was wrong with me !
tr	8	It backed off for a split second then , returned just as strong to try again .
tr	7	As Alex joined them , Abby turned to her , " Oh my god !
tr	7	" You know , " she told him , " you look like a stereotypical Australian . "
tr	11	" Are you going to prepare the meals for the crew ? "
tr	10	Chris turned to look at the captain and saw he wasn 't joking .
tr	10	He smiled at the irony ; there couldn 't have been a more unsuitable name for a dog .
tr	6	You don 't know them .
tr	6	We 'll ... flag someone down or at least my cell will work . "
tr	6	After Rich 's funeral , Joe 's parents took Joe home with them , just for a rest .
tr	11	They found Abby and Christy sitting on the sidelines on a blanket and joined them .
tr	8	Are you sure about this ? '
tr	6	15 " This is not a drill , " the computerized voice said over the intercom .
tr	7	Rafe shifted his weight awkwardly and pulled on his tunic .
tr	5	In his hand was a golden handled , silver bladed knife .
tr	7	" Are you feeling better ? "
tr	11	I remember to keep my eyes squeezed shut .
tr	9	" Told you so , " Jason says casually , holding his hand out to Maya .
tr	8	Now what does that mean ? "
tr	9	Slowly VIN allowed himself to glide out of the hatch .
tr	11	Alejo knew his expression had morphed into something pained , but he couldn 't control it .
tr	6	" Well , it has its down side , too , " Matt admitted .
tr	9	" I am going to enjoy you .
tr	9	The wreck might have been of some historical interest , but it had rested here a long time .
tr	6	CHAPTER 33 A Conversation with the Dragon This , " Rand declared , " had better be important . "
tr	6	One after another they trilled their last painful trills , falling to the ground in flames .
tr	5	No slinking or acting like a criminal .
tr	7	" I will not send my only daughter to that place .
tr	6	One he had never encountered before .
tr	9	" You said ' haven 't been ' ; it implies they 're still around . "
tr	9	They divided up the loot and started making their way towards the pass .
tr	8	I was in the lead with my knife out and ready .
tr	11	They weren 't wealthy or had anything valuable to exchange for their freedom .
tr	7	Around her the trees had thinned and they had entered a clearer , flatter terrain .
tr	8	Me , I 'm still trying to learn .
tr	6	' But you have their vaccine now , don 't you ?
tr	10	" I 'm going to check ahead , " Daniel said .
tr	8	she ordered before running off .
tr	8	But the thought would be too ludicrous to even attempt .
tr	11	But the stable used to have a dozen horses that the guests could rent .
tr	11	They walked into a long hallway crowded with people walking back and forth .
tr	10	Chapter Seventeen Finan strode through the camp , his mind filled with worry .
tr	7	The time for talk was done , and the waves of armored death were nearly on us .
tr	6	Her answering laughter was embarrassed , and she gave him a hard look .
tr	7	Alex said , changing her mind yet again .
tr	6	A small light beam flashed once , then twice and then once more .
tr	7	" Let 's get out of here , " Lilly Ann whispered into Taylor 's ear .
tr	10	The gunship moves away with two screaming policemen stuck on the rope .
tr	6	For three long seconds it stared silently , snout and whiskers coated with blood .
tr	9	" Please let me love you , " he whispered before his lips touched her lips .
tr	9	He felt he was dreaming : but never before had a dream felt so real .
tr	5	And damn it I wanted an explanation .
tr	7	" No it wasn 't Peter 's ; she brought it with her ? "
tr	9	" Jesus said to love your enemies , " she finally managed .
tr	10	" She 's got two chances then she 's done , " he said .
tr	8	We can 't take our eyes off the ball but you 're wrong in one respect .
tr	10	They had to stop running sometime .
tr	6	For a wonder she was silent , her eyes wide open .
tr	7	In spite of its agitated movements , the thing kept itself more or less in one place on the bed .
tr	11	I was miserable so I wanted to be alone .
tr	6	Beneath their noble airs and words is nothing but black , old blood , soured and rotting .
tr	11	Simon felt a tad deflated as Kiara was not there .
tr	11	' Yes , I suppose I could be being a bit paranoid .
tr	9	The Achilles continued to drift towards the stricken enemy .
tr	7	She straightened her spine and headed to the door .
tr	9	He was travelling to school like a soldier to battle .
tr	8	Andre ultimately took enough air out of the other man that he passed out .
tr	11	You never know when you might need something extra to eat . "
tr	8	The ice pillar exploded in a cloud of ice shards .
tr	8	inquired another sailor , as curious as anyone about the existence of a mermaid .
tr	10	Anna asked , holding onto her excitement until she was sure .
tr	7	A jab to the right and in response the large Lizard stumbled and overextended his neck .
tr	9	Maybe that was connected to the release ?
tr	11	Music began playing and an army of wait staff descended on the crowd .
tr	7	" You 've got a little too much attitude yourself these days . "
tr	9	A mere sentence or two was enough to make his eyes droop .
tr	7	Sebastian will show you to your rooms shortly .
tr	8	He would be a good husband to her .
tr	10	she said while handing me Steve 's right foot .
tr	7	The hangar piece was then returned to Hangar Two on the trailer .
tr	8	Gently , he laid open the first fold of the cloth , then the second .
tr	6	Without a second thought Cobble blurted out ; " agreed . "
tr	5	' Not yet , your Grace , ' I said bleakly . '
tr	5	" I -- c " " Collin , it 's alright .
tr	10	" That 's not going to cut it , " Mai insists .
tr	7	He gripped the pliers , took a deep breath , and delved into the cavity in his arm .
tr	6	But worse than his poor musicality , Brian had an aggressive nature .
tr	10	But I 've errands need doing .
tr	8	Coach had quite an impressive beer gut , but he was still in amazing shape otherwise .
tr	11	They just kept firing to make sure the target died .
tr	5	At that point , he disabled the camera .
tr	10	It 's just such a shock to see you here !
tr	9	" I cannot stop the cycle once it has begun !
tr	7	" I asked who you were .
tr	8	Tuesday 05th July 1983 Though Amy asked , Calvin hadn 't said much about the first day at his new job .
tr	8	Why they 're in France , I have no idea .
tr	9	* * * The sleek form raced through the green brush and headed for the deep mountain passes .
tr	5	" Caesar raided your lands , too ? "
tr	6	" Marry me , my Rosa , " he repeated , this time louder .
tr	6	" There it is again , " Hank thought silently to himself .
tr	9	It was still not yet lunchtime as the flight from Malaya had not taken long .
tr	10	Reid 's voice was low even through the earpiece attached to my head .
tr	11	I had something you needed to hear .
tr	10	It 's a common enough thing to happen by accident .
tr	5	" What is it ? "
tr	7	The shapeshifter 's shoes started to split and tear , its feet enlarging .
tr	9	You may want to double check . "
tr	7	One smacked her hard and she fell backward .
tr	7	After a few minutes chatting , the two said goodbye and went on their way .
tr	7	He turned and hurried to the house .
tr	9	Then from the west another dark shape streaked from high above slamming into the first .
tr	10	Seconds ticked by as she acclimated her aura to the uninviting wilderness .
tr	11	Need to be prepared to wait .
tr	11	He had plenty of time left until darkness fell .
tr	10	Lorne guessed , sounding only slightly less morose at that than the prospect of insanity .
tr	8	We are the best of the best , che .
tr	10	That 's what I suggest you do .
tr	7	I warned you of those fools but you would not listen , at least we still have our victims . "
tr	7	" Streets , sidewalks , schools , playgrounds , a light commercial zone with coffee shops and restaurants .
tr	7	" The only time my father took me to a petting zoo , the pony ate my sweater . "
tr	7	Lucas bent down , mouth agape , and touched a small flower with his index finger .
tr	8	" In the trunk , " Robbie thought for a couple of moments .
tr	10	I bent and picked up two metal batons , they would be charged as a result of contact .
tr	8	We made to enter , but the officer held up a hand .
tr	10	Rafe released the tight hold he had upon her , unwinding his arms and transferring his grip to her shoulders .
tr	9	I don 't want to be alone anymore .
tr	5	Despite his large , muscular frame , his actions are surprisingly silent .
tr	10	" Are they fol owing us ? "
tr	6	" It 's my fault , I shouldn 't have listened . "
tr	8	The president reached behind his lenses to rub his eyes .
tr	10	Deciding it best to leave the gold coins at home , Chris had brought just one of his two silver coins .
tr	8	" On your signal then , " Mal answered her , a soft tender tone of rippled resolve to bolster her .
tr	6	' Come on , Clint , we need you , ' said Sally .
tr	5	Hm , so it probably wasn 't a regular wild animal .
tr	5	In the center area , the little tables and chairs were mostly occupied .
tr	10	The girl nodded and seemed to try to smile .
tr	9	In the cold , all he could think about was reaching Earls ' Court and sleeping by the fire .
tr	7	If there are no volunteers , I will personally carry out the executions .
tr	6	" You speak from experience . "
tr	7	His gaze fell instantly on a Colorado driver 's license .
tr	7	Then maybe they could sneak out with no one following .
tr	8	The remaining men went down the stairs to free the crew .
tr	5	" Red Rover , Red Rover , send Charlie right over . "
tr	6	" I don 't bite , James , " he said , and gave me a lopsided smile .
tr	11	The other question would be where to bring you in the first place .
tr	9	" What happens if they find the bodies ? "
tr	6	" It 's ok , " he said in the same gentle voice .
tr	9	David pointed to a kerosene lantern sitting high up on a corner shelf .
tr	11	Pissed that he tried to bite me .
tr	8	Doubtless they are hungry , and weary from their long travels . "
tr	10	He needs to take care of his Babushka . "
tr	8	The tribe knows , of course , but no one ever speaks about it . "
tr	6	" Make me , " she said through clenched teeth .
tr	9	Or imagines the daughter the two of them might have had .
tr	10	I believe only she and Thorne know the identities of the possible traitors in your midst . '
tr	7	Ahmad nodded at him from the sofa and raised his coffee cup in acknowledgement .
tr	7	She let the whole matter pass without further inquiry or comment ; it was easier .
tr	7	The heartbreak in Malcolm 's eyes told me everything .
tr	5	" Changed my shirt though .
tr	7	Theodosia touched her lips to her glass and put it back on one small glass table .
tr	6	' They were a brother and sister , he was above me at school .
tr	6	The air was missing , but it was quite fascinating and sedative .
tr	10	Mr. Clancy led them deep into the living growths of the valley .
tr	8	" And I thought you were asleep . "
tr	6	" Google alerts are the greatest thing ever except for Keira Knightley .
tr	11	She waited for her host to do the same , but he didn 't .
tr	9	Her gut told her they were probably on their way to Moscow .
tr	8	" Who would have thought , eh ? "
tr	5	" No , not at all , " Jeff grinned .
tr	8	I pretend like nothing 's wrong .
tr	6	The two men sized each other up , nodded , and Jonesy sat down .
tr	9	Maddy was supposed to be his friend .
tr	7	The dim glow of the dashboard offers enough light for my eyes .
tr	6	Accurate and neat - mid-range distance , maybe , and not even a sniper was used .
tr	7	" Mr. Bender , I can 't tell you much .
tr	6	With a loud metallic shuffle and crack , the doors of the old elevator were thrown back .
tr	11	You are the first person I 've seen since last summer . "
tr	7	You don 't believe in magic ? "
tr	9	Even now , with his brain ravaged by the disease , he seemed to be working things out .
tr	9	It had been a long night - another drone attack inside Pakistani territory .
tr	9	They both jumped into the old van and Lilly Ann drove into the road with gravel flying behind them .
tr	6	Two hours later , eyes red , drooped and tired , Peter spoke to himself in the mirror .
tr	6	Hunt flashed him a big grin .
tr	8	Danny let him continue his work .
tr	7	Two more pieces and we can finally save Hyrule from my sisters .
tr	11	" We 'll just have to get her up and dress her as a maid . "
tr	9	Someone who was read easily .
tr	11	Alejo was going to lose one of his best friends .
tr	10	I want to see more of you .
tr	6	Standing on the ground some twenty feet away was his brother , Matt Veal .
tr	10	I was extremely fortunate to have a dwelling so close to the Capital .
tr	7	Yet if that hero kills even a single human , this is often a cause for grief and internal turmoil .
tr	6	A slight breeze stole between us .
tr	7	As the remaining families fled the burning building they were cut down by the automatic fire .
tr	10	Come where there is lots of space .
tr	8	Angus ' cane whipped the sick racoons across their deformed faces as the old man defended his family .
tr	10	" Took you long enough , " Ted said , reaching down to offer a helping hand .
tr	11	It would now be impossible to open the door from the outside .
tr	8	A gust of wind brought the sound of his boys talking .
tr	8	Mana looked at her over her lenses , but she merely nodded and went back to her sewing .
tr	11	With their sorcery , they created trolls : hulking beasts which served them in war .
tr	9	" I 'll take this stuff in the office , " Steve said after catching the glance .
tr	8	She looks a little like my freshmen roommate .
tr	7	' I was The Short Fellow , ' said Preston , leaning on the stable wall .
tr	10	He said that there are two categories of truths .
tr	11	" We 've got to be back in our beds before that time . "
tr	8	He 's only under twilight anesthetics at this point .
tr	10	Did you know this book is part of a series ?
tr	10	What kind of father would I be to leave my girl in their hands ?
tr	6	" I du n no , " Stimson said , " her left 's pretty nice too ! "
tr	6	I spotted Lacroix behind a wall to the left .
tr	6	Conquest fed Church and simultaneously burdened her , all with the same orphaned scraps .
tr	8	" Right , " she said , patting him on the shoulder .
tr	6	" Take him below , " Pierre instructed with a stern voice .
tr	9	When they were a long arrow shot away , he rose to stand in the saddle .
tr	5	Johnnie whispered , despite all the noise his latest victim had made .
tr	5	" Oh , my goodness , I nearly forgot , " Grace said .
tr	11	Very few people dared to venture near the Pool of Tears and for good reason .
tr	5	Stacy , Daniel , Sarah and Kendall yelled back .
tr	5	Well , maybe two girls , two guys , margaritas and a steamy Florida night .
tr	8	" Did you get your hat ?
tr	8	" Wait , " Nate raised a hand in a quieting gesture , " do you hear that ? "
tr	5	" It 's all right , now , Sam . "
tr	5	The other financial backers were next . "
tr	6	She reached over and gave his knee a squeeze .
tr	9	We have to meet him , to become friends with him .
tr	7	The leader instantly turned around and commenced barking orders to his troops .
tr	8	The moon offers a very dim glow , shrouded in thick cloud cover .
tr	6	His phone vibrated in his pocket .
tr	9	And stop calling me London . "
tr	11	They were all rolling on the ground , screaming from the overload of stimulation .
tr	5	" Well , we ... we ... " Serena furrows her eyebrows .
tr	11	You did remember we had one right ? "
tr	7	If Sven found me he 'd give me the bloody eagle .
tr	9	" Kid , looks like you are in luck !
tr	10	Falconer had Leclerc pass around ammunition that looked like oversized bullets .
tr	7	With smooth movements , Mana tore the sheet into quarters and went over to the fireplace .
tr	7	" I 've got you , " he promised , " Keep kicking . "
tr	11	" Can 't they see I 'm running ? "
tr	7	I gathered my stuff , collapsed the easel , and flashed a scathing look at Malcolm .
tr	10	Nathan turned just in time to see Meeks shrug his shoulders .
tr	9	Thank you for your extra effort in this area , " the professor smiled grimly .
tr	7	" I 'm sorry Maya , " he says , and then he slumps back against his seat .
tr	10	The woman looked back and seemed to sense Claire 's fear .
tr	10	He briefly looked up to see a nurse leaving the room .
tr	6	" So , can we call this a made match ?
tr	11	Ezra had counted the rooms and knocked on the door of the room she thought the orange was in .
tr	5	I gave her a long , searching kiss , my tongue circling hers .
tr	9	Another intersection offers three options , but the lone door hanging open in the center advertises the obvious choice .
tr	9	As he got closer to it he could tell it was torch light .
tr	10	He picked up the wolf hide and put it over his shoulders like a robe .
tr	11	" Nothing yet but the Commander is on the job ... ... . .
tr	11	Nathan noticed a large wooden sign posted to the front of the platform with bright blue painted words .
tr	11	Does that mean we 're incompatible ? "
tr	11	It 's not that I don 't want to help .
tr	5	A craft lands in the gaping crater of blasted , bare soil .
tr	8	" I 'm going back to bed , " he said , mortified .
tr	8	Gliding over Lance , Warrior slaps her tail across the top of his horns painfully .
tr	7	He was strong and enormous in size but I fit perfectly .
tr	10	The strength of the blow is what had shocked Ted the most .
tr	7	As he did so , he could hear the man grumbling and growling .
tr	6	Claus very nearly took the oversized kitchen knife through the eye .
tr	11	I 'm not interested , " said the jeweller as he tried to close the door .
tr	6	" Storm , " Neil said dully to himself .
tr	8	The secretary knocked on the door and said , " Sir , Captain Collins is here . "
tr	8	No Cloaking Device will be used on this trip .
tr	10	She just couldn 't figure out why he wouldn 't take off his sword .
tr	9	She has something to tell you .
tr	8	' Number two , split them in to three groups and move them to the agreed location .
tr	6	" Hello Heston , " smiled the other women , taking off her headgear .
tr	10	She heard them laughing below and then the sound of her great-grandfather coughing .
tr	9	Uncle Jeff and Lex listened with rapt attention to every detail of Ricky 's story .
tr	10	He just ignored her and continued at his own pace , deliberate in every lingering touch .
tr	11	They 'll know we ran -- or at least -- they 'll know I ran .
tr	8	Even Skull only ask for the Hunter , this sort of game was sort of fun .
tr	8	I think he was his host .
tr	6	He quickly silenced her with a hand over her mouth .
tr	9	The major was the last man to leave the plane .
tr	6	" Two spoons of jam and tea without sugar or milk .
tr	9	" We all know each other as well as we want to . "
tr	8	The pony trap sat on the side of the barn .
tr	5	" Damned strange , " Steve frowned .
tr	7	He was shirtless , and a mass of bandages covered his back .
tr	6	Then he disappeared up the steps and they breathed again .
tr	9	I 'd always imagined Mom visiting and walking with me through the Louvre .
tr	8	' No , I can 't say that I do .
tr	10	He was worried that he had asked something impertinent .
tr	8	For a moment he considered an alternative conquest but didn 't fancy Raphael 's cast offs .
tr	11	I now knew the reason why the Hunters ' attempts to kill me suddenly abated a century ago .
tr	8	They moved off out of sight of prying eyes .
tr	7	Riki , you may go and play with your parrot . "
tr	6	I whisper , he crawls out like a militant and I giggle at him .
tr	7	I contacted you in your dream ; otherwise , I could not possibly do it .
tr	11	Jacobs started in his seat and then turned to her slowly as if his neck didn 't work properly .
tr	10	I was born and raised in the quaint village for nearly two cycles .
tr	7	I dropped the limp coat and surged in behind him .
tr	7	We could see several vendors , yes .
tr	10	" We 'll have to look into that .
tr	9	It seemed that the Turk wasn 't a Turk at all .
tr	6	It was haunting and frightening , Courtney Cole 9 With My Last Breath , Book Three a desolate , barren place .
tr	6	There were gods and goddesses , all manner of aliens , warriors , and ladies gathered there .
tr	7	" Based on your predictions , I successfully made contact with the target , " she said .
tr	7	In all this time , she had neither heard from nor seen Roberto or Pierre .
tr	6	The same Internet sites , the same software programs , the same TV shows .
tr	7	Grabbing his nose , he gasped , " What is that smell ? "
tr	10	Rho attacks courageously , but his wooden blade snaps in half against the monster 's forearm .
tr	7	" You brought me great joy as a young mother , but I must preserve my own livelihood .
tr	8	" You die first , " he pointed the pistol at hurt , " that hurt a lot . "
tr	10	Was it such a dreadful fate to be married to her ?
tr	5	" What are your chaps wearing ? "
tr	10	Calvin 's eyes stayed with Danny a beat before turning towards the front .
tr	6	What kind of a man was he ?
tr	6	" Sure , " he mumbled against her skin , " Just not right now . "
tr	10	Shall we send someone for your things on shore ? "
tr	10	She whirled around to see Rudolf leaning way , way too close .
tr	11	The dark curls that had hung around his collar were gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable .
tr	7	' I forgot about the underground passages , ' I replied , silently cursing my immortal mind .
tr	8	" Where 's Victoria Collins , " Daniel heard when he entered the room .
tr	7	Old life , gone , gone gone ... and more gone . "
tr	8	The feeling passed as it always did , and the Prince took a shallow breath in through his mouth .
tr	11	Rif couldn 't imagine having to do that .
tr	10	They entered the dining room where there were still a few people finishing up lunch .
tr	5	" Very well , my lord . "
tr	10	" Is it ok if I look in Daddy 's wallet ? "
tr	9	Pretty observant , but then you said you were Air Force ? "
tr	7	It took massive , collective spell craft ... and all the time we were fighting off the Protectors . "
tr	8	My granny shoes clicked against the bridge , until I finally kicked them off .
tr	6	Taking up much of the open floor area was a car , a 1951 Chevy .
tr	9	He slung the rope over the lowest branch and perfectly balanced he tied the wheel to the rope .
tr	6	" Okay , " I replied , and we quickly gave each other a good-bye kiss .
tr	8	All right then , she would completely forget of that and acted as if nothing happened .
tr	11	she asked as her eyes took in the tracery of old scars on his skin .
tr	10	Rafe dropped the stick and pulled up his knees , leaning his arms on top of them .
tr	7	She stayed outside however , and in a minute he joined her in the hall .
tr	10	I feel like I have to pee .
tr	10	" I can imagine that you miss your friends , " Lilly Ann nodded , " I know , I would .
tr	8	No-one had yet got out of the Mercedes-Benz and I couldn 't see inside the vehicle .
tr	11	Give me a couple of days to sort my affairs out .
tr	8	At the shore he was met by several men ; some new ones and some familiar faces .
tr	9	I 'll request an official command change from Allan , I 'm sure he 'll concur . "
tr	7	Finan caught his breath and rolled exasperated eyes toward the page .
tr	11	It was obvious Campbell was one of those .
tr	9	And she was very sorry for what she did .
tr	9	Are we just going to walk away from them ?
tr	10	She stopped hesitantly , taking a few deep breaths at the shadowy edge while Nathan said a quick prayer .
tr	7	Victory , when finally attained , is not courageous .
tr	8	How were the others doing without him ?
tr	9	Someone who would hold me .
tr	9	" I assume to keep you as insurance .
tr	9	I 'll have to tell them . "
tr	8	... and a walk-in closet so big you could actually furnish it and a shoe rack with over a hundred spaces .
tr	10	Ryan watched , and thought he did feel something .
tr	9	I manage to balance on two thin branches a little below her .
tr	10	He had always been fascinated by tanks and recognized these as M1 Abrams .
tr	11	He had met Miriam , the daughter of a millionaire , and had eventually become friends with her .
tr	7	" I 'm afraid for my life .
tr	10	" We produce any color you can imagine , " she said , unconcerned that she was boasting .
tr	8	' I also believe she shares your other ability . '
tr	5	Conrad Kennedy was a loud , outgoing , bubbly individual .
tr	6	" What sort of weird name is Echo , anyway ... anyway ... anyway ? "
tr	6	" Understood , sir , " Warrior replies , her voice quivering .
tr	8	We were in the back of a truck , along with Bruno , Anatole and four other Hunters .
tr	9	Taylor shook his head with raised eyebrows as he joined them at the breakfast table .
tr	10	From Rupert 's lessons I knew this to be the route towards the southern tower .
tr	11	The Prince felt as though something invisible had been placed over his ears , silencing all sound .
tr	5	" Oh , mamma , as if all the great poetic criminals were not women !
tr	10	He fired up the engine to warm it up and began his preflight check .
tr	9	Some seemed to be repressing smirks .
tr	6	" You 're the language man , " Fitzgerald told him over his shoulder .
tr	11	I had gotten used to nakedness in Root .
tr	6	Inside his mind , the words repeated themselves in a voice not his .
tr	10	, " he sang sweetly with love in his voice .
tr	6	Breaking and entering went against every moral fiber in my being .
tr	6	" Stay here , I 'll show you . "
tr	11	She made endless arguments about how she had rescued us in the palace .
tr	11	He thought it was his until the baby was born .
tr	7	What if he 's still searching ? "
tr	5	With a dirty arm , he ground the sweat away .
tr	10	I taught him everything I know .
tr	7	Stranger still , her tightly braided hair , fashioned into a circular bun , is a vivid blonde .
tr	9	Nathan paused as he quickly ran things through his head .
tr	8	" Let 's start with two hundred , then . "
tr	7	In fact , they 'd already been paid some .
tr	7	Given its size and , being a Monday nobody will get turned away . '
tr	7	I 'm taking some over to the boy in the barn . "
tr	5	" Shadows and light , " he cursed .
tr	9	The American woman and her group were planning to raid them !
tr	7	With a roll of her shoulders , Claire avoided a collision but came off her board .
tr	7	" You 're bleeding , Mom , " he said .
tr	6	Feeling trapped , she took her time , washed her face , guzzled some water , and used his facilities .
tr	8	He looked at her ; the grin reached his eyes but made it more sinister .
tr	11	It was now time to scout the land with a hawk 's eye and determine their next move .
tr	7	The third , a blue and white oval featuring a red trident , was from a Maserati .
tr	8	" At dawn the next morning we heard Uncle Night Walker calling for help .
tr	9	And if you find out what it is , will you leave ?
tr	11	She pushed her hands towards Katherine who took them in hers .
tr	6	Several muffled giggles scattered across the group .
tr	6	His face turned a bright purple with his efforts .
tr	11	I could see her eyes looking up into the mirror above her head .
tr	10	His pistol lay there , gleaming in the sun , but well out of arm 's reach .
tr	6	" Your heart line is short , takes a sharp turn under your middle finger .
tr	7	First the stranger had problems with his name .
tr	9	The mood was sombre ; the usual conversation of commuting business types replaced by an anxious stillness .
tr	8	The turbo engines roared into life when we reached the aircraft .
tr	7	Had he been foolish in his youth ?
tr	5	CM : First song , the painful , " Allison All Gone . "
tr	6	In here , with him , there were no problems ; there were no worries or fears .
tr	7	said Bethany sweetly , " It 's all decided then . "
tr	7	When my dad killed Robert Thane , he got real scraped up .
tr	10	Scattered low hanging , dark clouds were slowly wallowing through the valleys driven by a gusty southeastern wind .
tr	8	If the Boarding School didn 't do it , then I had to do it myself .
tr	6	With every word , every date , every soft kiss and sweet caress , I fell harder and harder for him .
tr	6	Much to her surprise he slumped down , his ire had waned .
tr	10	It seemed an almost impossible task and she shifted her pose , stifling a groan as her aching muscles protested .
tr	8	" The Bloody Mary , I told you we don 't make any money off of it . "
tr	8	" Here 's to Neil for accidentally spitting gum into my hair , forcing me to cut it .
tr	11	" It was just what you wanted , wasn 't it ? "
tr	9	He gave the money to the girl then picked up the card .
tr	9	" Want to try again ? "
tr	7	" Oh no I found it in the bush , remember ? "
tr	11	I 've uncovered things with those same markings before but I don 't understand them .
tr	8	Her sister murmured her assent and hung up , leaving Claire motionless and alone on an unfamiliar high street .
tr	10	He was ready to go at once .
tr	10	Probably in an attempt to stop him from squirming .
tr	6	" According to the letter , the pay will match my skills and experience . "
tr	7	When Little Spirit took the stage the biggest cheers came from Darren and his mates .
tr	7	I wasn 't fighting , I slipped over and hit my head ; honest . "
tr	5	Clem and Perry both nodded their acknowledgment .
tr	6	Honestly , are the married women up there any better ?
tr	10	People stopped going to places like this .
tr	9	Rick could see Abby , flanked by Jessica and Anna , fading into view .
tr	7	She frowned in alarm and took a step towards Farquhar .
tr	6	' It 's done , ' she said in a flat tone .
tr	6	In the last 5 years , she hasn 't even had a cold .
tr	9	We 'd like you to look over the evidence . "
tr	6	The expression on his face is intent and murderous .
tr	9	he actually said again as we arrived at our floor .
tr	7	As a result , the Deputy Commissioner is being very cautious and is keeping a low profile .
tr	5	For the first time , Ambrose and the other passengers met Khazar cavalry .
tr	6	" The Time Agents care about one thing , and one thing only : the future .
tr	8	He never flinches when I touch him .
tr	9	We 'll have played Ze Dog and Parrot by then , ' Raphael said .
tr	8	" We should have gone with him ! "
tr	8	" Far as I can guess , Grand wanted to track him back here , find our mother .
tr	9	Ted seemed to disregard Melody 's sarcasm .
tr	8	The sentries closed in tighter as the craft came downstream .
tr	8	Drew looked around , " I don 't know , everything looks different at night . "
tr	5	" No , I was not , Doctor , " said the sergeant firmly .
tr	9	He was large and pale , as if he had never seen the sun .
tr	9	Another three hours passed as they rowed against the wind .
tr	8	" That 's so kind of you , " Ted replied .
tr	8	Or if we do , the assassin won 't be alive for very long .
tr	11	I pushed my mop of grey hair out of my eyes then smoothed down the ugliest dress ever .
tr	6	" Thank you Captain . "
tr	8	" She hits Flynn on the head with a frying pan and ties him to a chair . "
tr	9	I whispered , " There 's one exception to the rule . "
tr	8	I can take care of myself .
tr	9	screamed a man , dressed as a ninja and trailing smoke and ash .
tr	8	But everyone is afraid of it anyhow !
tr	8	Unwelcome imagines of Di Luca 's corpse , his blood soaking the Italian grass , threw themselves into my mind .
tr	9	But at every point , poor , exhausted and broken workers cleaned the grounds , slaving over the aristocracy 's palaces .
tr	11	However , on second thoughts , it looks a little medieval to keep two ex-wives in seclusion .
tr	10	Each door had a small chalkboard where a customer 's name and blends were written .
tr	7	He turned the envelope upside down and knocked it against the table .
tr	9	She hoped he hadn 't notice the tiny hesitation .
tr	5	" Calm down , jinxed , " said a familiar voice .
tr	8	He had just delivered the most spectacular closing statement of his entire evil legal career .
tr	8	Gold can buy food , and houses , and fighting men .
tr	7	Alejo felt his brow lower saying it out loud .
tr	11	Her eyes hurt and she needed a break when Katherine knocked on Danny 's door .
tr	7	" Likewise , Colonel Jones , " the general replied , smiling and returning the salute .
tr	6	" Yeah , I know , " Tim said a little embarrassed .
tr	7	So you got yourself another few hours to live . "
tr	10	Her anger a thing that shined bright in her .
tr	8	" What I am ... where I came from ... you would understand it little and believe it less .
tr	10	I 'd like to think not , but I don 't know . "
tr	11	Suppose I 'd better get studying with these other books you gave me . "
tr	10	Why did he keep staring at her like that ?
tr	7	" Go on , get going , " he said .
tr	10	And you will regret this day for the rest of your long life in chains . "
tr	8	Lord Brogan , aware of Adele 's scrutiny , was in turn inspecting her .
tr	11	She would probably not have enough ammo to make it back to the house .
tr	9	Taylor was engulfed in a full-blown hurricane of emotions .
tr	11	Tree trunks blocked every line of sight in a few paces , which didn 't help his plan .
tr	8	His face changed , from soft and passionate to hard and determined .
tr	6	" Listen , " Rob said , " it 's that motor again .
tr	7	Just keep thinking that . "
tr	7	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	6	In gilt letters , the plaque said : ' Professor A. G. Bamford , M.Sc . '
tr	6	Every line , every scar , the fresh wounds from the fight , the dark bags under my eyes .
tr	5	Not that Stewart 's partner Hermann was any great prize , either .
tr	11	At this point , candidates are still not aware that they are part of the MI6 selection course .
tr	8	" Is this one of those exhaustion matches where whoever has the most Vampires wins ? "
tr	9	The Doctor failed to see the commander back at his side .
tr	10	" You don 't think we will stand out ? "
tr	6	" Yeah , well , she and I are pretty different , " I said dryly .
tr	6	Lucien , Monsieur , Lorraine , the doctor , and the surgeon accompanied His Majesty to his privy chair .
tr	7	" Yes but the view is so much nicer , " Maya says .
tr	9	Fourteen hundred bucks a month won 't get you far when your lump sum is spent . "
tr	9	There was a single letter on the doormat inside the front door .
tr	6	It was left unadorned this time , the white leather and golden hilt a good match .
tr	7	" You 're kidding me , " said Robbie , " Central bloody America ! "
tr	7	As a result , the rent on our office space was overdue by a month .
tr	9	' Who 's choice was Little Spirit ? '
tr	11	It was like trying to drown a cork .
tr	9	Steve was a land appraiser before he got into his pyramid scheme business , right ? "
tr	8	Then the girls noticed VIN just behind his partner , and Suzi without her wheelchair , and their eyes enlarged .
tr	9	You are here to observe and to gather intelligence .
tr	8	" She is the definition of bizarre , " said Toby , making Victoria laugh .
tr	9	The island started to quake as the ferry scraped against its rocky side .
tr	10	She is pretty though , " she added looking Farmer squarely in the eyes with a quick wink .
tr	7	I spent the first fifteen years of my life here ... .
tr	9	' This is going to take a while . '
tr	10	" I am so sorry for not being there , " he finally said in a whisper .
tr	8	He immediately regretted his sarcastic words as his father looked away .
tr	10	' Are they what I think they are ? '
tr	11	Things had been strained between her and Ruth since the revelations about Chris and the ballet teacher .
tr	8	An hour later both master and student returned to the hospital with a new set of clothes .
tr	9	Another eruption of lava would be the end for Rift , the underground maze 's only exits an unknown distance away .
tr	10	" You ... fuck , " was all I could yell at the horrible prick .
tr	7	The pilots readied for the first powered flight in a week 's time .
tr	9	He had not , reflected Finan , changed so very much from those long ago days .
tr	7	She turned it over ... a photograph of a waterfront ... blue sea , palm trees , colorful boats .
tr	11	I was just trying to clear the air between us .
tr	11	Even the various reporters and photographers seemed dressed as though they were going to a country club .
tr	10	His face steeled like I was in for it .
tr	9	Is he actually going to turn the pages for her ?
tr	9	I knew about your illness from a file ... " " Meaning ? "
tr	8	" You know that 's my point .
tr	6	Unlike Warrior , Arrow is a fully mechanical cavalier class scout ship .
tr	10	Somehow it didn 't do to bellow at Mana .
tr	11	Jeffrey had never been one to act quickly .
tr	5	-- oh , forget it ) .
tr	6	Malcolm entered , and I about peed my pants .
tr	8	She was wearing a cream coat and hat , ' he replied .
tr	6	He seemed completely comfortable in the outfit .
tr	10	Or would you gather up your guns and as many people as you could and go bloody get her ? "
tr	9	" OK ... Stacy here 's your book , read it through carefully .
tr	9	She breathed heavily to make it stop .
tr	7	Lilly Ann pulled on Taylor 's arm .
tr	10	" If 'n ye don 't mind me askin , I fear the name has slipped me mind .
tr	10	She thought she must be hearing wrong .
tr	8	We took great joy in riding them ! "
tr	9	No one was yelling or screaming , not even the girls .
tr	9	Cade finally stopped to examine him and his wife .
tr	8	The woman did not slow for him , and he did not need it .
tr	6	' We are no phantoms , ' said Aragorn , ' nor do your eyes cheat you .
tr	10	I blinked and Ethan turned to look at me .
tr	11	" I have no intention of following in my dad 's footsteps .
tr	10	She picked up the case to take a close look and smiled .
tr	9	He certainly looked the part of the minister of war .
tr	10	During the journey they discussed how Adam would be contacted and how often .
tr	8	He had not heard this name in many a year .
tr	9	Sophia was running through an impassable forest in her dream .
tr	11	" I told you both , we needed to be more careful ! "
tr	7	She slid open a small barred hatch and stared out into the street .
tr	8	I said , switching on the overhead lights .
tr	8	Alejo laid a hand on her shoulder , and she cringed , stepping away .
tr	6	Twenty-eight With a quick but strong yank , someone pulled me from my hiding spot .
tr	11	Who know what might be hidden there ?
tr	11	" I will go , " volunteered a warrior , who was knotting a bandage about a slashed forearm .
tr	7	Why don 't you stay and practise with him ? '
tr	11	He wondered why Burt was a Keystone Kop and not a star on his own .
tr	9	Wang followed closely behind , killing the last of the three with a short burst to the chest .
tr	7	Her face didn 't vary , the smile wasn 't brighter , and her posture didn 't change .
tr	9	" I said to put it down , Fuchs . "
tr	5	' Oh , please , not Jamie , ' she protested .
tr	9	Missy stayed close on his heels and they arrived at the cavern without a sound behind them .
tr	11	They walked briskly to catch up to Destro 's party .
tr	6	The Empress isn 't some distant master or religious icon to him .
tr	10	" You tend to do that a lot lately , " she continued .
tr	8	He 'll be chained up now , and two guards sleep in the room as well .
tr	7	An ' yet ... here we are . "
tr	9	What could be wrong with that ?
tr	7	" They find the survivors first , then bring up the bodies .
tr	7	He jumped off his seat and opened the doors for his two passengers .
tr	7	He took them , along with the liberated people , to the council house .
tr	5	" Is aught the matter ? "
tr	11	I looked around me to see if he was right .
tr	10	He cupped his hand to shield the sun from his eyes .
tr	10	He knew that there were at least four more .
tr	9	I breathed deep and tried to call up a smooth response .
tr	10	" I don 't think anything is coming , " Melody said sarcastically .
tr	8	I heard the brakes kick in .
tr	8	- Episode 4 - " Hey , Thatch , you sure we 're going the right way ? "
tr	5	" No , Alexandra , no , of course not . "
tr	8	Quickly he makes a hand signal , circling his fingers in the air .
tr	9	" So , what else do you have in store for me ? "
tr	7	His goatee was also braided and decorated with the same colorful beads .
tr	8	She 'd reached boiling point .
tr	11	Mia caught his shirt stronger and whispered something he didn 't understand .
tr	10	You want to talk about bein ' afraid ?
tr	8	Play with pretty pictures and read papers , I think that 's the general consensus .
tr	9	Conway assumed he was reevaluating the other man .
tr	11	She was not sure she wanted to know .
tr	6	' Yes , tanks , artillery ; a fully equipped , modern army . '
tr	5	In the mountains , even the hottest nights always had a chill .
tr	10	We do not know where they could have gone .
tr	9	He 'd heal from bullets in hours .
tr	8	You need to catch up . '
tr	6	The customer base for mid-sized private jets is , not surprisingly , quite small .
tr	10	Webster 's laugh died away as he looked at the others and saw no support .
tr	6	The sergeant 's words shamed him , and David hung his head .
tr	9	" You 'll have to be very careful , though . "
tr	8	The boy was also the only one whose name Chris asked .
tr	7	We 're sitting ducks , we are . "
tr	7	" Are we in any danger now ?
tr	10	" Are you going to be alright ? "
tr	7	He then stood clutching the remaining sword .
tr	6	an obviously tense , and now relieved , Jessica exclaimed .
tr	5	Just point the Spear and say the words . "
tr	8	I complied , driving the bastard before me in the snow .
tr	10	Two seconds later , he twirled around and blew into a party horn , the loud blast knocking apart my suspicions .
tr	6	Finally , long after curfew , all three crept wearily but joyously to their beds .
tr	10	' As to what happens after that , I 'm not in a position to comment . '
tr	5	" In some ways we are , Harald .
tr	7	" Are you feeling okay ? "
tr	10	In one section , he found books with titles such as " A New You in Forty Days ! "
tr	6	' Most of the equipment 's gone as well . '
tr	10	" Nope , we took care of that guy and snatched up everything he had found .
tr	6	she was just suddenly there .
tr	10	This meant the end of everything , the end of all hope .
tr	7	Tears were flowing down his cheeks from laughter .
tr	5	" Yes , I do , " said Rick .
tr	6	" Yes , his name was Jared Rodriguez and from a quick glance he had a long sheet . "
tr	6	There was no clasp , obviously fitting over the head .
tr	9	Cronus approached from a different direction , covering the far end of the motel by the office .
tr	9	" We come out with something like what if the current forces in space are not enough ?
tr	5	But she was also afraid .
tr	11	The chief stood up and faced the elders and motioned them to meet in the council house .
tr	9	I ran over to her and asked " Cindy what happened . "
tr	5	She smiled , her small teeth bright white , her lips dark red .
tr	6	" Sir , " said Ethan , " very prudent points and wise .
tr	8	I might be over reacting !
tr	7	" Neither , " said the bespectacled man in a foreign accent and left .
tr	7	He dropped to the ground and started down the left fork .
tr	11	Knowing that Julian was one of " them " was somehow frightening .
tr	7	Obviously she was neither of the Knightly or August Class .
tr	8	You were right -- I am not very good at ... this . "
tr	9	It was the hardest thing I ever did , but I 'm here .
tr	7	A neat row of little military planes and two bigger aircraft flitted by underneath them like fence posts .
tr	8	Its jaws gaped wide , then it chomped down on Echo 's head .
tr	11	" I can read minds a little , although I could read your face like a book .
tr	7	They go way back ... Back to the day I landed here for the first time .
tr	6	Except that , unlike them , Cordelia hadn 't been anything but friendly .
tr	7	She 's pushing on it . "
tr	5	" What other options do you have ? "
tr	9	Raphael climbed stone steps avoiding the corridor 's unwelcoming saucers of rat poison .
tr	8	" You have eyes and ears throughout the waters of Hyrule .
tr	9	She dropped the heart as it turned from stone to squishy flesh .
tr	10	Ted waited for what seemed like an eternity .
tr	7	Dad would never believe me without proof .
tr	9	Robe still open , he climbed down off the box and went to the foot of the stairs .
tr	9	The packet of drugs I found had a tiny imprint on the cellophane in one corner ... .
tr	9	" I owe you thanks for saving me . "
tr	7	Obviously she was imagining herself as a devoted nurse .
tr	9	We were taken to the fields , in the mornings , to hoe the corn .
tr	9	It will save us a lot of trouble if this doesn 't work . "
tr	9	He was fed nothing , given nothing to drink , and left to die .
tr	9	Andre gave Connor an approving nod and continued to devour his breakfast .
tr	5	" Yes , this house also has its passion . "
tr	7	He sent a youngish woman from his group over to me .
tr	8	Chris nodded , remembering his reading from the web .
tr	5	" I am sorry , Eda . "
tr	9	It was a fresh , crisp autumn morning bringing the tang of wood smoke with it .
tr	9	He did not intend to backtrack again .
tr	8	A great black spot lay in the desert ahead of him .
tr	9	But I had no idea where the money came from .
tr	8	" If you care about you life , then I suggest you to obey . "
tr	11	His head tilted to the side and it was like every fiber of his being was focused on me .
tr	8	In a far corner , there was even a huge birdcage , inhabited by a large parrot .
tr	8	Calvin ramped up his amp 's volume , pulled a B-flat and still no B-flat came .
tr	7	It was his worst nightmare ; Ryan was standing there , alone .
tr	10	" There 's no reason to be hostile ; it 's no matter really .
tr	6	" What are you doing here ? "
tr	10	" I thought that had been demolished , " said David .
tr	9	" Dad ... " I didn 't know what to say .
tr	9	It was a classic case of ' meet the new boss , same as the old boss . '
tr	7	In peril I waited for another strike from the creature , but he left me in suspense .
tr	10	I 'm sure Atticus felt ten times worse .
tr	5	" Uh , yeah , it is , but - " " Good .
tr	8	A man in uniform , Brindle , and a man who never wore a uniform and who never talked .
tr	6	He felt his way with his hands on the cold stone walls .
tr	9	This conversation must end now , before one of us . "
tr	7	Just as popular were the little mirrors , and in each one she looked over her shoulder .
tr	11	The mummy 's erratic , twitching movements fill the boy 's vision as it slowly turns to face its prey .
tr	8	asked Simon " I am not sure , " replied Giorgio " Giorgio , could we see the room upstairs ? "
tr	9	" Abby , from where did you have this ? "
tr	11	All shyness was gone as she gave herself over to the bliss he offered .
tr	9	I 'd bring him down to earth in a hurry .
tr	10	The captain raised his eyebrows at the woman , who was quite shocked , indeed .
tr	5	Behind the celebrated man , another figure waited .
tr	11	Nor were they prompted to rise from the dead by radiation from a falling satellite .
tr	7	This time just the # key and number two button where hit and held it up to his ear .
tr	7	" Well , I can catch your sister on Facebook .
tr	11	she replied while glaring at me with obvious hatred in her eyes .
tr	6	Kissing stimulates cardiovascular activity , lowers cholesterol , and decreases high blood pressure .
tr	11	Her eyes grew wide when she remembered what had happened .
tr	8	The room was much larger than David expected .
tr	9	" You 're being very sensible , but I need to go now .
tr	9	" I think we 've found the front door . "
tr	9	" Okay , let 's get some clothes in here for Johnny " said George .
tr	7	It was a study of ancient cultures from North and South America .
tr	6	" Yes my friend , left two hours ago .
tr	9	But the Earth 's dark forces formed themselves into clouds and prevented its healing light from reaching people .
tr	6	Unfortunately and most likely , Rose wasn 't the first or the last woman he would hurt .
tr	8	He lay there for several seconds as the shuffling sound swept by .
tr	7	I 'm you project colleague . "
tr	11	It felt like listening to the news from the bottom of a pond .
tr	8	He knew she was right .
tr	7	Several hours later , the moon reached the apex of its march across the heavens .
tr	9	He is going to be fine .
tr	11	Would be very good if you could stay more with Laurence .
tr	5	" Then give me a gun . "
tr	6	The butler spoke again , in a cold clear voice .
tr	7	Atticus and I made our way back to the hotel , gathered up all our crap quickly and left .
tr	8	" And thank you for saving my life earlier . "
tr	5	" Did you hear it ! "
tr	11	Alejo is in charge , but I 'm the one who put the explosives on the bus .
tr	11	Mary , her attempt at a heads-up having failed utterly , nodded to the young captain who held the remote .
tr	5	" Yeah , yeah , we 're okay , right ? "
tr	5	Even in his mind , his voice was husky , sensual , wickedly erotic .
tr	7	" 7 ... 8 ... 9 " Lea got up at the ninth count and put her arms up again .
tr	8	He would 've killed her , but in the end he couldn 't do it .
tr	11	" But you 're right , I should eat -- I 'm off to do just that . "
tr	10	He stopped when he saw the overly muscled , shirtless , green-eyed man calmly drinking water .
tr	6	" Grand found out about you . "
tr	11	" Well ... " the ranger said , embarrassed to be watching the scene .
tr	11	No one seemed to notice which was truly surprising .
tr	7	I stopped , my foot in midair .
tr	5	" Yes Sidney , " he said gently .
tr	9	" Do you make a joke of everything ? "
tr	7	She bolted through the stunned assembly , out the great double doors , and into the cool night air .
tr	10	Their dashboards sported " futuristic " designs with lots of chrome and brushed aluminum .
tr	7	Sven 's agents pressed after them fast , hot on their trail .
tr	10	I needed to buy some time ; consider the offer .
tr	5	" I 'm tired , Mom . "
tr	7	How did you ever come up with that one ? "
tr	8	" I was in your apartment when Grand snatched you .
tr	5	" The second dream , however , that was all you . "
tr	10	He asked himself once again , would they treat her like the lady she is ?
tr	7	He was drunk and the blackness poured out of him like crude oil from a leaking ship .
tr	7	I sheathed the katana and grabbed the guns from the floor .
tr	9	" I 'm nobody 's daughter , " I say , which is only sort of true .
tr	6	" Well , my sex life is just hunky-dory , and not the business of the people in this restaurant . "
tr	11	" Is it okay for me to sit with you ? "
tr	11	" A predator must have enough prey in his territory to survive .
tr	11	Of deciding when they should be used .
tr	7	Suddenly , as she dashed up the street yet again , Melody had an epiphany .
tr	7	Raphael rolled off the settee , stretched his back and went to the landing .
tr	6	She saw Max suddenly , there before her , and for a moment , she almost believed it .
tr	7	A woman was over his knee and hit her without mercy .
tr	7	" Young man , please step away from Gerry " Boris ordered .
tr	6	" In there , you will find a burlap cloth .
tr	6	" Remember Mr. Jackson 's utility vehicle ?
tr	6	This made both of them very angry indeed .
tr	11	She knew Specter was ready to attack .
tr	7	The woman stood with her hands on her hips , her head cocked to one side .
tr	5	" I got your six boss . "
tr	6	Bradley read the chapter many times , but it still was not clear .
tr	9	He sat down on one side of the blanket and lay down .
tr	6	' If you want , ' he answered , with a shrug .
tr	8	" And I forgot you have convenient amnesia . "
tr	10	They can follow you pilots on radar and satellite anytime you are flying .
tr	10	I think that was the beginning of the end .
tr	5	" Selfish , ignorant , " said Stein , grinning .
tr	7	She lunged at me , wrapped her arms around my neck and sobbed into my chest .
tr	7	Something to fill the void .
tr	9	How was I to get in ?
tr	6	Finally she curled up under the quilted blanket on her bed .
tr	8	She had a look at Taylor and expertly felt his pulse and temperature .
tr	8	" This place used to be underwater right ? "
tr	10	Did you guys see how she was looking at him ?
tr	9	Manuel didn 't know how to ask .
tr	10	She 's probably far more at home in Indonesia than here .
tr	5	The shadowy figure of a young man , the icy air , the raven .
tr	5	" Mom , please , how did this happen ? "
tr	11	Part of him had known , all along , that what Leah had just told him was true .
tr	5	' Well done , ' he murmured grudgingly .
tr	11	The only things he really had to look out for were the laser cannons .
tr	5	Next up was credit reporting agencies . "
tr	10	Glancing again at Sarah , Chris smiled too , thinking maybe it had been a dumb question .
tr	9	Then he realized it was deeper , more dangerous .
tr	9	I said , lifting her gently and cradling her against my body .
tr	7	Footsteps stopped just above their heads and then followed down the steps as well .
tr	8	" Seems like everybody was here , " Claw interrupted as he went downstairs .
tr	8	She flashed him her biggest sweet girl smile and took the data pad from his hands .
tr	7	" You started without me , " I accused .
tr	11	' Yes love , it 's all I could manage at short notice . '
tr	6	" I had no idea , " he said simply .
tr	10	He is impatient yes , but he had never known him to be so bold .
tr	9	The Prince wasn 't sure how he hung on , but he did .
tr	8	After lunch they carried on with the preparations for the flight .
tr	10	They would be facing up , looking into the tree branches .
tr	6	' And the same to you , ' they replied , ' May you have a good summer . '
tr	9	He was lucky , luckier than probably about ten of his men , he noticed with dismay .
tr	9	" The most important duty for a queen is to provide an heir to the throne .
tr	8	It was all one solid piece of dark gray stone , streaked with pale rose .
tr	10	" Good ... " She couldn 't help but notice the note of relief in his voice .
tr	8	I just want to go home . "
tr	11	He had no idea how the man , mounted on his enormous charger , could move so silently .
tr	8	When I wake I am on my back , looking up at a purple sky .
tr	9	The woman from the island disappeared , leaving Miriam with the other workers .
tr	10	The sun was well up now and it was starting to get warm .
tr	7	Typically , they level major parts of the building .
tr	9	He was on his way there when his car ran out of gas .
tr	10	" There 's nothing to be afraid of right here , in this village .
tr	9	Shit some of them are working for you in Brunei , " said Harry .
tr	9	Just give me the box and we 'll get ya patched up . "
tr	5	On a positive note , my aches and pains were gone .
tr	6	" Not bad , " I responded honestly , " Not bad at all . "
tr	11	Is anyone going to find out ? "
tr	7	Isn 't it wrong to play games here ?
tr	7	The sound of our impenetrable fortress wall being broken open .
tr	6	she 's a stunning looking young woman . "
tr	8	" My guy went through a lot of trouble to get this baby .
tr	7	" Good , " the big man said , finishing the packing .
tr	7	People were talking , drinking , eating , music was playing , but Sebastian didn 't participate much .
tr	11	" Are you two talking to each other in your heads ? "
tr	7	" This , " Jacob continued , " Is Madame Fontaine of Lyons . "
tr	6	" Can 't - can 't move - " " All right , honey , just hold on . "
tr	8	We also have snipers covering the front and the back .
tr	11	No , he wasn 't sure the minister had anything further to add .
tr	5	' Oh , he did , Harry , ' said Moist .
tr	10	Andy flew on while Archie fussed over his charts and scribbled calculations down with a pencil .
tr	7	" Can your unit hold this location until reinforcements arrive ? "
tr	9	During this part of the dream , Natalie once again began to moan in her sleep .
tr	7	And at that he was gone .
tr	8	He stopped , breathing heavily , and they all stared at him .
tr	7	One of his troopers was still in the suit but he was dead .
tr	8	Fortunately Alice was one of the latter and pushed Kia through the door .
tr	6	A short glide and she landed near the spire on the second tier roof .
tr	9	Frankie stopped again , poised to listen .
tr	9	The Prince turned to a pot of cold stew and realized he was ravenously hungry .
tr	10	What was going to happen to me ?
tr	6	The cop hung his slicker by the door .
tr	10	I remember it was a hot day like today . "
tr	8	" These be fer yer time an ' yer trouble . "
tr	11	All the crew wanted to be involved in one way or another , even as only spectators .
tr	7	Still lying low , he pulled a small gray cell phone from his pocket and punched a button .
tr	11	Cautiously moving toward the middle door , she briefly glances back to find Rift 's vacant eyes locked upon her .
tr	9	He shouts , desperately clawing at the remorseless purple sand , shoving him toward his doom .
tr	8	" System maintenance in progress , " Zero answered in an even more robotic tone then normal .
tr	9	Elsewhere , others returned fire , and men dropped , screaming on both sides .
tr	9	" Oh yes , there 's always an inquiry when a Catastrophe happens " Trudy said .
tr	6	One of my destroyers picked up a small carrier with a Marine Expeditionary Force still at Diego Garcia .
tr	7	He was a young manservant , probably in his twenties , with light brown hair and thin stubble .
tr	6	" Forward hydrogen thrusters on , ion thrusters at zero power .
tr	10	Her clothes in the laundry hamper , did he know how to run the washing machine ?
tr	7	Chapter 24 Selfishness is an odd little emotion because of its effect according to its implementation .
tr	11	Waving Willow answered , " What was I suppose to find out , Red Talon ? "
tr	9	" The fifth data burst caused this to happen to our interface . "
tr	11	She said all she could see was violet . '
tr	7	Still today , I thank God for that .
tr	7	Without a word , he wheeled his mount around and tore off through the mist .
tr	7	In the front of the line there was a tall black man with a white beard .
tr	11	Neil listened for a moment and realized the gasps and rattles were the sound of his own breath .
tr	7	" Wait for it , " Gabe says .
tr	9	He watched the colorful starfish leisurely move their rock hard arms across the submerged wooden planks .
tr	5	" A munitions ship , sir , " the officer corrects him .
tr	8	We just don 't know what it is . "
tr	5	Even in the horrible motel lighting , her hair shone and her eyes sparkled .
tr	6	Immediately , he heard the sentry circuit 's hum , then a deep male voice : " Post Nine clear . "
tr	9	We all paused as my feet rumbled beneath me .
tr	7	They had less than half the army with them , Hawk figuring there were about a hundred men .
tr	6	A whole dinner and two blue coins in change . "
tr	11	I felt guilty beyond a doubt for what was happening .
tr	6	Over the next several heartbeats , the burning numbness spread to her entire finger and hand , to the wrist .
tr	7	" The rain has stopped at least , " he said to no one in particular .
tr	5	" Ah , yes , the river , " the ghost said softly .
tr	8	' Guys , until last week none of us had heard of you at all . '
tr	11	My head was exploding and I started to take all of the things from the chairs .
tr	8	We just have to unravel it somehow .
tr	10	They never got to that topic and Reggie judged they probably never would .
tr	9	I hadn 't realized he was there .
tr	9	' According to the Head of Accounts , no one else had asked to see it . '
tr	10	Jenny led him down to the cargo hold .
tr	6	" Abby , I really like you a lot .
tr	9	There was work to be done .
tr	8	he announced loudly , almost bursting with excitement .
tr	5	No good reason , sometimes they just do that . "
tr	8	Both sisters were literally standing right next to the general 's ear .
tr	6	But the monster was undeniably dead , its wretched form reduced to a charred and crumbling ruin .
tr	10	Mary put a large cup of black steaming coffee on the counter in front of Taylor .
tr	8	" Down the hatch , you two , " Ricky said , gesturing toward the trap door .
tr	8	Beyond the edge of the pentagram a live oak tree stood , its trunk thick , its branches long and tortuous .
tr	9	Mark accepted the shirt and started to put it on .
tr	9	We can do better ... we have to do better . "
tr	10	They were trying to smuggle Liquid Light " " Are they sure ? "
tr	9	I needed to get going .
tr	11	" I never thought you were one for the lab , " his teacher said .
tr	11	His eyes watered as he realized Hilda was right .
tr	8	They are of no value to us .
tr	10	Anyway from what I could learn it sounds like they pretty well got their shit together .
tr	8	Shrewd black eyes studied us from beneath a pair of thick white eyebrows .
tr	7	I 'm from Cyprus , my family comes from Azerbaijan . "
tr	7	In the ever shifting sands of the Cape , these things came and went all the time .
tr	6	Chapter One 9 AM , Saturday August 14 The town ambulance siren shocked the early summer heat with its wail .
tr	11	I could hear the click as he pulled back the lever on his pistol .
tr	7	Plus we 're plainclothes Border Patrol agents on a secret , undercover mission .
tr	9	The very shape of the banks had changed due to the flooding in the annual wet .
tr	11	I 've heard what you 've done in the past .
tr	9	They found a pumice knot on a fallen down tree and used it to make a fire .
tr	11	Alejo rubbed his temple and spoke before allowing himself to think .
tr	10	Noah shook the man 's leathery hand , and backed out of the pharmacy , destination medium-sized bus near the store .
tr	5	' But they left someone here . "
tr	8	Who 's knocking on my door at this hour ?
tr	9	" You will want to observe this . "
tr	9	cried Ben and in an instant the two cousins were hiding behind the cathedral 's doors .
tr	7	" In the early days the Romans took the English tribal captives back to Rome as slaves .
tr	8	Starring at it transfixed , I suddenly jumped in agitation .
tr	7	An hour later , all the horses had been fed and their stalls cleaned .
tr	9	It was empty except for more dead sheep .
tr	6	' Stay down , ' she said , ' you must not be seen .
tr	5	Is it through the eyes , words , actions and presence of others ?
tr	9	She had begun to lose her temper .
tr	9	I stepped down from the forklift and walked through the lake of vodka .
tr	7	He looked down at his display , both of his forward companies showed ready .
tr	10	* The house was quiet now save for the muffled ticking of the old clock on the landing .
tr	9	Keep on thinking that , don 't grovel or look about like some country idiot !
tr	7	" All right , I understand , but where are Bradley and Megan ? "
tr	8	He wouldn 't fly all the way from Australia just for a night , would he ?
tr	5	" Not a step closer , John , " the Fuse said .
tr	5	This always goes both ways . "
tr	9	He demands , prodding Rift with the sword once again .
tr	10	I had the impression he shared things completely with you two . "
tr	8	" What are the three most necessary things in life , Johnny ? "
tr	9	" And that 's where most of the workers live . "
tr	5	On the other hand , what choice did she have ?
tr	5	" But , oh my goodness , it was brilliant .
tr	8	She looked around for a place to tie up the horse .
tr	11	I followed close by as we zigzagged through the crowd together .
tr	8	He was holding out a metal cup in his hands .
tr	5	And the dragon gave the beast his own power and throne and great authority .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , well , " he murmurs .
tr	7	" Prepare to move out , we shoot our way back to the ship . "
tr	11	Tony had been sifting through hours of video and flagged it .
tr	8	" If Skull 's disciples were after me , how can I survive in this world ?
tr	5	" Here it is , my king . "
tr	5	A rake , a spade , some gloves , a mower , and some gasoline .
tr	7	And without the slightest hesitation Natalie put the glasses over her head and her sister followed her example .
tr	8	Rushing home , I broke the news to Claudette ; she smiled , her nationalism evident across the wide grin .
tr	10	She started to hold the air in her lungs .
tr	7	" We have to , " Gabe says .
tr	11	You 'll be gone before they 've figured it out .
tr	7	" Good , " said Jacob smiling , " you don 't need any more money . "
tr	9	An hour later , Anna was on the final page of Strauss ' diary .
tr	9	Doors flew open before the Hummer had fully stopped and the team piled out .
tr	11	It seemed that this voyage would involve a lot of monotonous travel .
tr	6	Now neither needs the other , and one must die .
tr	9	He kicked himself into high gear and bolted another block to the corner of the parking lot .
tr	8	Spying on someone was one thing , but killing a man ?
tr	8	He used to read all the time .
tr	6	Seeing us , she dropped the cloth in a titter .
tr	10	" You 're wrong , " Rift repeats , too far gone to be reached any longer .
tr	11	Trudie 's going now so I 'll catch a lift with her . '
tr	9	You 're telling me that you brought me here ?
tr	10	" Thank you for lying to me , Phillip . "
tr	11	" I thought you would want to know . "
tr	8	Sweat ran down Neil 's face into the loose collar of his tunic .
tr	11	They played their last track and the crowd cheered , calling for more .
tr	10	Are you going to quit ? "
tr	7	Ludicrous , but he 's done it .
tr	10	He found a place that he could hang it up , so that it could dry .
tr	7	She buttoned her jacket to her neck and inspected the sky .
tr	5	The wall , the street , and all the Many Mansions are complete .
tr	9	Wouldn 't want to lose her .
tr	11	The spell that I cast on my poor husband to preserve him -- these hidden hooves of his nurse on it !
tr	9	Ted found a hiding place to stash his pack and deposited it on the ground out of sight .
tr	11	Benjamin is over at the Hotel Diplomat , where the deceased 's parents are in their room right now .
tr	9	How could he hope to defeat your armies ? "
tr	11	He had acted terrified when she took his hand .
tr	8	I came all away here to reach him . "
tr	6	Mac jerked his head back , gave up a yelp , and turned off his Imp .
tr	6	Lucas felt fear , but this time it was definitely his own .
tr	7	The Louvre , Notre Dame , the king 's new Versailles ... On and on I could list these .
tr	10	The ones they needed to fight were somewhere else .
tr	9	Have you ever been in an airborne unit , Sergeant Major ? "
tr	9	They kept at the wheel for possibly five minutes before it would turn no further .
tr	8	She could hear a scuffle in the hall , and a muffled grunt .
tr	7	They just didn 't have it in them .
tr	7	I felt and heard the faint whistle beneath my fingers and pushed down harder .
tr	11	He grabbed one of the lights and began examining the controls at the other end of the room .
tr	7	I took a chair , putting myself on .
tr	6	The Air Traffic Controlling Center gave your approximate last location , but it was a large search area .
tr	9	They got four more braves to go with them .
tr	5	" Honestly , Mother -- " Furnace motioned .
tr	7	It hung over the opening completely and hid the entrance .
tr	6	" Oh , my parents , brother and Greg , " Tori said and pointed at the screen .
tr	6	" The spell check is complete , " announced the Spell Wizard .
tr	8	She leant forwards and pecked him quickly on the lips , before turning away .
tr	6	" It 's not terrible , " he said .
tr	10	It had been two days now since they left the village .
tr	9	For now , let us mourn our lost , and remove these dogs from our sight . "
tr	9	The Gestapo rounded them up , and the rumor is that they were all killed . "
tr	11	It had every indication of being the event of the century .
tr	9	With any luck , this would turn out as it had several times before .
tr	6	Nathan took the shotgun and gave David his M4 assault rifle .
tr	10	She speaks again , and I cover my ears , though the sound is beauty itself .
tr	6	I push open the door , and walk straight into two burly guys -- Chief Marsden and Mr Miller .
tr	10	In any case the fact remained that Finn had saved her and Eda 's lives .
tr	8	She could still not be sure ... there was no proof ... ... the doubt still lingered .
tr	8	He said you were a Mac .
tr	8	" It 's well past time to go ! "
tr	6	Gabe 's habit must be contagious .
tr	11	she cried , bewildered , " I thought this was one of the great ports ! "
tr	9	" Nothing really happened ; I told Neil that at breakfast .
tr	10	But we have to ... . .
tr	5	Last year , on campus , my stepbrother became my one and only protector .
tr	9	With each step he felt assured that it had been all a test .
tr	11	They will be hard to miss from that point .
tr	5	' Yes , yes , ' agreed Gollum , skipping about .
tr	9	Roberto himself had great difficulty in leaving her behind .
tr	5	" Of all the Daggers , you and I are the most alike .
tr	11	" Let him know you 're safe and well . "
tr	7	Sam climbed on board and grabbed me in a bear hug .
tr	10	' You haven 't got a gig this Monday have you ? '
tr	8	His only contact with the outside world was through his satellite phone and carefully encrypted e-mails .
tr	9	I 'm ready to rock now . '
tr	7	" Are you kidding me ?
tr	9	She went to pick up the huge cage , but Neil stopped her .
tr	6	But then there is Ishmael , our boss . "
tr	10	" Ryan , Nora here ... you have waited for this for 35 years .
tr	8	" He 's a good man that Bertie .
tr	10	This maneuver brought more laughter that quickened the girls pace across the lawn .
tr	9	He did notice an increased , but not alarming , number of zombies loitering around the property .
tr	11	Her brow scrunched up in a way that spoke of evil .
tr	8	There 's something fishy going on down here , " she declares before vanishing once again .
tr	6	The creek was shallow but wide , and its banks were soft and muddy .
tr	5	" A good firm ' oi ' and then an insult .
tr	9	There was cussing and a whole lot of " the n word " .
tr	11	Must be keeping you busy as you haven 't been around bugging me lately .
tr	8	-- to save your worthless hide .
tr	5	' Beyond the river ' was the colloquial term .
tr	8	Oh , I 'm not sure how you knew that .
tr	10	Kenny stopped and waited , looking nervously into the faces of his Commanders .
tr	11	How did he managed to slip into my trail and hid his presence for years ?
tr	8	Breathing deeply , I urged the horse onwards , propelling it faster with my own fervor .
tr	9	The basilisk skidded to a halt , perplexed by the approaching canister .
tr	8	Simon never felt the bullet penetrate his shirt just below his right armpit .
tr	8	I heard a distinct cry of pain as Logan hit the earth .
tr	5	But in the end , I didn 't bother .
tr	7	So , as you can gather , even Stefano has never known my birth name . "
tr	10	Bron turned to Lord Rand , his mouth opening that he might make some remark to his master .
tr	6	he continued , his eyes gleaming with a mysterious light .
tr	11	There 's a good chance he won 't even care that much .
tr	11	Then he continued , squeezing her close against his side for the taxi driver 's benefit .
tr	9	They were heading north on the path , and neither of them knew where they were going .
tr	9	Wind liked seeing me weakened .
tr	7	A few minutes later , Derrick comes in and has blood all over his shirt .
tr	10	Better than he was able to admit to anyone .
tr	8	She breathed , then looked up at him with her mother 's eyes .
tr	8	He walked at her side along the path , matching her quick strides with ease .
tr	6	They haven 't , Air Raid , Sampson 's dragon , replied in thought speech .
tr	7	The bright spotlights came on in the grand lobby , reflecting off the glass and chrome fixtures .
tr	7	The dreadful sound made the hair on Neil 's neck prickle .
tr	7	" Everyone is so excited about those damn phones .
tr	5	" In hangar deck two , sir , " said the comms officer .
tr	9	" This needs to come out , " Aria says calmly .
tr	7	Gray took notes and punched numbers into a calculator .
tr	9	Even then , the forest was beginning to clear , the trees becoming smaller and more infrequent .
tr	10	Flaherty knew instantly that the man in that seat could not possibly have survived the blast .
tr	10	It was a slow burning fuse , moving at about two inches per second .
tr	11	You 've changed too much and I know you will never get out of Japan .
tr	7	" I 'm not asking for a good life .
tr	5	" Here goes ... , " said a jittery Linda .
tr	7	" Papa , I must introduce you to my husband . "
tr	7	" Don 't even think about it . "
tr	6	The door swung open and out walked ' Big Bob ' Caldwell , Elmore County sheriff .
tr	8	We may be coming in hot . "
tr	9	" Well what do you know , we got in my place . "
tr	9	I keep trying to forget .
tr	9	They 're killing King Martin , and I won 't be a part of it . "
tr	10	" You folks don 't quite get what I 'm suggesting here . "
tr	9	Do you love her ? "
tr	7	They had cobbled together a translation and the results were chilling .
tr	7	Since we noticed the change , it 's risen nearly forty degrees . "
tr	10	With no friction or gravity to fight against , you can get the job done with very little effort . "
tr	6	Cordelia nodded emphatically , " And that 's my point exactly . "
tr	7	The mosquitos were out in force today , and the army attracted them like flies on stink .
tr	11	It is filthy after your face got planted in the dirt earlier . "
tr	5	" My destiny is most surely my own .
tr	8	I struggled not to pass out .
tr	10	The whole thing was some kind of set up to try and wipe us out .
tr	8	The day before it had been orange butterscotch and strawberries with a wine sauce .
tr	7	I flew over a hundred hours in her , and we never could get that aircraft right . "
tr	10	he asked , turning back to face the king .
tr	9	No , he would never be able to forget .
tr	8	Swirling structures of hollowed stalagmite stretch from ceiling to floor throughout the massive cave .
tr	6	So I gave it to her . "
tr	11	Jack was staring at her , but he seemed to be looking through her at the same time .
tr	9	" I do not mind you calling me ' Finn ' sometimes , Adele .
tr	8	Bethany smiled , nodded , and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek .
tr	10	I looked at Arnold who looked disappointed .
tr	5	" So , ur a big girl now , yo .
tr	9	Halfway through the doorway , I heard him shout out , " The girl .
tr	9	Ida knows who started counting .
tr	5	No more the military traffic she remembered .
tr	10	How did they know what their place was in society ?
tr	9	" Yeah and I 'm running low on arrowheads , " Melody replied .
tr	7	' I swear to God , I didn 't know .
tr	9	Why not disallow them the right to govern ?
tr	7	The fourth was an alert from security .
tr	6	Obnoxious laughter carried on a breeze .
tr	6	" If I did , you taught me them , old man . "
tr	10	Dustin turned towards him , concern written all over his face .
tr	6	Just then , a call came from the bridge .
tr	6	Behind the motel , the final stone soldier emerged from the brush .
tr	7	The doorways of cute little boutiques blurred past me as I ran .
tr	7	I saw at least five men earlier .
tr	9	Chills soon racked my body and sweat soaked the bed sheets beneath me .
tr	10	He just hoped that the ancient engine would cooperate with his mechanical prowess .
tr	5	" I know , " Brand said quietly .
tr	9	The power of the wind , however , set them to mumbling in their frames .
tr	9	Alejo 's chest began to constrict , and he tried in vain to be rational .
tr	6	A dozen rings later he heard a booze tainted , slurred Louisiana accent .
tr	6	Alex let out a small sigh , closed his eyes and shook his head .
tr	6	" Of course not , you are just a passenger today .
tr	9	Her blonde hair streamed out as a sharp wind blew in off the sea .
tr	10	It was very weird that he was now outside , leaving , in a car with total strangers .
tr	9	Soon , the cold chill of the wind was accompanied by snow as thick from your foot to your knee .
tr	8	That whole face is covered in snow , " Isaac said .
tr	8	she wasn 't making this any easier for him .
tr	11	She heard him breathe out , and knew she had offended him with her curt response .
tr	5	It wasn 't , like , a tradeoff or anything .
tr	8	Like the students , we 'd been placed in the common sleeping room .
tr	9	It was a chilly night as Stephens crunched his way down the shingle driveway towards the manor .
tr	9	Falconer applauded , which drew a smile from her .
tr	9	It was gloomy as could be !
tr	7	" War is always imminent between Kent and Sussex , ' tis traditional . "
tr	10	I think it has meaning as well .
tr	10	Like being held prisoner in the catacombs .
tr	8	I coughed to cover my laugh .
tr	5	" Without warmth and water , plants wither and die . "
tr	9	someone not to be messed with .
tr	7	Regardless , no one will insult her memory in my presence without revenge . "
tr	7	He clasped both his hands together into one fist and struck at the shapeshifter with all his might .
tr	7	" Well , he was a cowardly vermin , but he had good taste -- he liked you , too . "
tr	11	" It 's a shame you 're mixed up in that racket . "
tr	7	When the cage gently touches the forest floor , the cubs look out at their new home .
tr	7	The tires continued to rotate .
tr	9	This whole thing is already beginning to feel somehow unwinnable .
tr	6	" Well , he left me alone on the beach . "
tr	6	Back in the motor pool , the company crowded around their Captain .
tr	7	I inspected the control panel next to me .
tr	8	The angel came here to be alone .
tr	7	" Just get on the horse , " he whispered irritably .
tr	8	I have to warn you .
tr	7	Oftentimes people kept things under their beds in plastic bins or other containers .
tr	10	We will have these sheep done in about two hours .
tr	10	It was something she had often imagined ; how would it feel to push her way through the tangled wildflowers ?
tr	9	Our whole family knows we 're in Ireland . "
tr	9	' No Iz av never ad one ' she explained , and then Sally had an idea .
tr	7	David jerked up and rasped out the single word " No ! "
tr	10	As they walked west into the JP , Nathan looked back at what had very quickly become his extended family .
tr	6	Not only hot springs , but hot lakes and hot rivers covered this highly active geothermal area .
tr	10	It was nearly evening when they finally approached the abandoned dock near the Low Bridge of Boats .
tr	8	The torch lights went from one side of the boulder to the other , as the men passed .
tr	6	Simon felt his skin crawl and a chill travel through his body .
tr	9	" Because they 're limited only to the information they could relatively achieve on their own .
tr	8	He asks , itching for a fight .
tr	6	It was silent and empty , however , and she carefully let herself in .
tr	8	A moment later she had regained her center and was being herself again .
tr	9	To put to death the idea of marriage and living happily ever after . "
tr	10	A wonder he didn 't get taken out .
tr	6	His features were sharp and pointed , and his skin almost grey .
tr	7	" Try this one , " suggested Mark as he pushed the button for cold Oolong tea .
tr	7	He paused and gently pulled Patrick 's ear .
tr	7	They 're eating with Simon right now . "
tr	10	' I had an idea this might happen but not this quick . '
tr	7	I think of her as my pink , shimmering angel and in a way it 's the truth .
tr	7	Backing away in a scramble the defiant warrior lost his footing and landed heavily on his backside .
tr	10	No more talk , " and indicated they should move forward .
tr	7	" Do as he says .
tr	5	" Yes , Miss , in city hall , the day ' fore yesterday . "
tr	6	' No , my son , ' she said weakly , with great pain in her voice .
tr	11	Onyx inwardly recoiled from the sheer power that emanated from him .
tr	9	God willing , Faithful Soldier , you will deactivate the security scrambler on the wall before you .
tr	10	Above the floor , spotlights flash into the crowd following the beat of the music .
tr	6	" Hi , like I said , I 'm Tommy .
tr	7	Rick clasped his hands over her ears like earmuffs and maneuvered her head toward the first picture .
tr	8	He had no arrows in his quiver , so he got rid of that .
tr	8	If we don 't keep the Mountain People lulled , they may fall on you without warning .
tr	6	" Ultimate first blast sphere , " I screamed my lungs out of my body .
tr	7	Should she leave the room and respect the girl 's privacy ?
tr	10	I fiddled with the flower pin on my shirt , a gift from Dad , pressing the record button .
tr	7	I think you both understand that . "
tr	8	His newfound opponent only shrugged and silently indicated Ward 's pile of winnings .
tr	10	It seemed less urgent to Mike , now that there was no danger of incoming rounds .
tr	7	As a matter of interest nearly all my staff are retired SAS troopers .
tr	9	It sparkled in the sunlight as the magma red color oozed over her dark to light flesh .
tr	7	" I can 't leave Mana there for that long ! "
tr	11	I decelerated , dropping back but keeping my distance as the van 's driver controlled his swerves .
tr	6	" Did you have a nice nap back there with the potatoes ? "
tr	9	He created the company with next to nothing and has been reaping profits with no real outlay ever since .
tr	8	It was a modern one-hundred , printed in 2011 .
tr	9	she snapped at him , voice bordering on hysterics .
tr	8	Another man pulled his hand out of the motor compartment as Conway walked up .
tr	9	Silver Bullet I , which would be their transportation , was checked over by dozens of technicians .
tr	10	Falconer was the first to stop , standing back , thoughtful , inspecting the remorseless steel face .
tr	9	He was tall , fair-haired , lean rather than slender , with long muscles stretched across heavy bones .
tr	8	It was the domain of Gunnar 's father .
tr	7	There is no other woman for me . "
tr	7	" Can I go down on my bottom , rather than my tummy ? "
tr	5	On the other side , fifty yards away , stood the bus stop .
tr	8	" Ok , but why I 'm here ?
tr	8	Conway asked , " What about animals ?
tr	8	Questions poured through her , bringing her back to reality .
tr	10	" I think I 'll move him over by the garbage drums .
tr	8	His cadet uniform caused fear in some , and admiration in others .
tr	9	" I am ... this is ... when ... how ? "
tr	7	At first his hand didn 't get more than two inches off the arm rest .
tr	7	" I will get you some . "
tr	8	It was almost curfew time , and the sun was sinking in the west .
tr	9	And I know you 've got a handgun .
tr	6	" So the stories are true then , " commented a smooth manly voice from somewhere above .
tr	7	The prince frowned at such a small and simply wrapped gift .
tr	8	The wall was coming closer ... closer ... there !
tr	8	One day near the end of their final week , Kurt came across a remarkable cache of bone fragments .
tr	9	They all waited in silence as she was dragged inexorably forward .
tr	5	A low , inhuman sound crawled up my throat , startling Archer .
tr	6	I got by good enough . "
tr	6	For reasons he didn 't understand , Alec felt immediately on guard with her .
tr	11	He grabbed the wrought iron handle resembling a propeller and pulled the door open .
tr	7	" There is still a chance ... Please ... " But then she was gone .
tr	7	It wasn 't touching her anymore , but the web was complete .
tr	5	In her hand she holds a portable text viewer .
tr	8	Natasha was on the other side of the catwalk , performing the same grisly task .
tr	8	The underling shrank back completely , sneaked up to the boss and quietly whispered : " We have some super-secret material .
tr	10	" Aren 't you coming ? "
tr	9	The candlestick 's flame died in rebuke of its Master 's silly thought .
tr	8	Roberto kept his eyes on her as they moved away .
tr	7	They 're easy pickings for the angel . "
tr	10	" Do you want me to come ? "
tr	5	A long , slobbering pink tongue completely drenched her cheek .
tr	7	A few minutes later they heard a larger group coming down the path .
tr	10	Claire followed all the other passengers , glad to stretch her legs .
tr	10	A medicine , but something to make you feel worse instead of better . "
tr	11	She needed to work out what she should do .
tr	8	She put her hands on his cheeks , and then leaned in and pecked him on the lips .
tr	5	Only then did he release that gilded hilt .
tr	5	A new and better race .
tr	7	The men pick her up and rush her back to the village for immediate medical attention .
tr	6	" Good night 's work , there , Sparky , " the shrunken head intoned .
tr	10	But ... I got ta ask ... " Seth was surprised at the hesitation .
tr	10	They need to know what happened .
tr	10	What did she have to lose after all ?
tr	9	They were unsure yet what had happened .
tr	9	Beau felt confused , " Well , I don 't know sir . "
tr	7	He raised his hand to the agreed upon sign and pointed his thumb to his back .
tr	9	Gabriel was starting to cheer up .
tr	5	For one thing , their responses and movements seemed independent .
tr	6	Suddenly , everything turned into growls , yelps , and Loki yelling at Will .
tr	11	Toby looked back and forth at both of their faces several times , finally stopping to focus on Victoria .
tr	8	The air was full of lively chatter mostly in Malay ... . .
tr	6	" Its cold in here , " he offered it to her .
tr	8	We are in the middle of a nuclear war .
tr	7	After a moment I followed , and we paused together in the gloom .
tr	7	Left at death 's door .
tr	9	The teenager 's face was frozen with a look of terror .
tr	9	The message was only a single sentence , and a brief one at that : Await My Presence in the antechamber .
tr	9	Noah called after her , absolutely furious , shivering with anger .
tr	11	It seemed to him that it was on the edge of civilization .
tr	9	This valley , while well hidden , was not defensible against the likes of him .
tr	11	It was kind of like she was avoiding me .
tr	5	After a few hours the storm died down .
tr	11	She was grateful for the excuse to lean into him , with her knees bending like broken reeds .
tr	11	This was not something she was comfortable doing .
tr	8	Even in the best of times , too many are forced to suffer . "
tr	5	" He is a Guardian as well ? "
tr	9	And he had a miraculous healing to back it up .
tr	7	Sometimes thin mailboxes peeking from the foliage are the only flag of life .
tr	5	And who the he ... ? "
tr	9	" He never put his money in a bank ... because he ate it all ! "
tr	10	This is strange , because Ryan never plays jokes on me .
tr	7	His face was already turning back to flesh , the bullet wounds healed .
tr	8	Amanda resisted , telling her they would catch up when the dust settled .
tr	7	He couldn 't get his breath , his whole chest felt paralyzed .
tr	11	" Putting it bluntly you managed to change the course of history almost everywhere you went ... .
tr	10	Let me do this for you .
tr	6	Chapter Five The boys followed Mr Brown down the darkened corridor .
tr	9	Withdrawing , he laid her down , the love shining unmistakable , and she smiled .
tr	10	Except that I was no longer an " I " and I had no body to cry with .
tr	10	I 'll see what I can find out . "
tr	8	Drake was quick to answer .
tr	10	Constantly gaining speed he drops through the waiting window below , soaring out of the high end with ample momentum .
tr	5	By this point , the other travelers were long-gone .
tr	7	" Let 's just take this one step at a time . "
tr	6	" Give me the notebook , " he growled in his thick Russian accent .
tr	9	This really should be quite simple with him unconscious . "
tr	8	Their odor fills the room , and I can 't help but glance at them longingly .
tr	8	She jerked one thumb back towards the recesses of the house .
tr	7	The others were hidden in the massive tree .
tr	9	She thought she could smell it .
tr	5	One , two , three , four , and then my sticks slam down .
tr	7	He crushed her body against his , demanding her mouth .
tr	7	The crew all wore suits , and were very courteous to Josie .
tr	9	She had gotten up and backed away as he spoke .
tr	7	" Can you explain , Mana ? "
tr	7	He placed a call to the barracks and talked to the officer on duty .
tr	9	" Wonder what she 's doing here . "
tr	7	If he found me , he could smother me with decorated cakes .
tr	6	Of them , she knew nothing , and as for Crispin Ballard , she was equally ignorant .
tr	6	" Anyway , I no more matter in this business .
tr	6	Apparently , that one simple move momentarily melts his resolve and for a second , his tongue meets my neck .
tr	10	Reggie helped Janice in while someone held her crutches .
tr	8	" Now , you 're both clear on this , right ? "
tr	5	" I have francs , more than enough . "
tr	5	And more importantly , we still got the dang cannon ! "
tr	8	When he approached , she rushed up and flung herself into his arms , planting a demure kiss on his cheek .
tr	5	In a heartbeat , the earth stilled and the room grew quiet .
tr	8	Letting his own fall and my momentum carry me forward , I stabbed him .
tr	9	" He worked as a nurse last time he lived with us . "
tr	9	He managed to hurry off to school without saying a word .
tr	11	In fact there were numerous differences in the approaches taken by Shadow and Agent 2C .
tr	11	He found the Hunter at last whom he only heard on myths and rumors .
tr	8	She met his gaze in the same manner ; unwavering , defiant .
tr	8	Without another option , the boy quickly jogs through , turning back with a worried gaze .
tr	8	" Mmmm , that sounds really nice , can I come with you ? "
tr	10	Therefore , we need to be prepared for any eventually .
tr	10	He cleared his throat , and Zoe braced for the rebut she expected .
tr	9	I told myself George you worry too much .
tr	10	She stood on tiptoes , straining to see more .
tr	8	But he had just been lying to himself .
tr	8	He was walking faster , awkwardly jerking his leg behind him .
tr	8	We wanted to save people .
tr	9	" Some rules are meant to be broken . "
tr	5	" Pleasant evening to you , your highness , " he greeted .
tr	9	" You 're not very good at this , are you ? "
tr	11	He knew he couldn 't risk doing that .
tr	11	She could feel how hurt the girl was .
tr	8	I have to go now .
tr	8	The drought all but drained the moat completely , the sad stream of water only waist high .
tr	11	I doubted he would ever enjoy reading a good book again .
tr	9	The assembly rang with men 's shouts and the drawing of swords .
tr	7	I can 't run in these sandals . "
tr	11	" As a race you were aggressive ; understandably so , attempting to survive in a hostile world . "
tr	10	Tristan asked as he helped Sofia stand .
tr	9	" These hills ... did you notice how small they are ? "
tr	6	" Sir , there is one other thing , " Hawk replied .
tr	7	So they 're afraid of the tunnel , eh ?
tr	10	" What does it matter which bus takes me around the damn country .
tr	10	I moved to his back and pulled out the knife tucked into my sock and under my pant leg .
tr	8	She needed someone to hold on to .
tr	7	Fuchs rolled upwards , snow flying about .
tr	9	" That 's what we 'd be facing .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , " Mike repeated excitedly .
tr	5	" Yeah , " said Allie , " sleepwalking , yeah . "
tr	10	asked Isaac eager to hear more .
tr	6	He didn 't look back .
tr	7	A scent of rose filled the room , she sighed in relief knowing that familiar smell .
tr	6	In an instant , Brian let loose all the anger , all the frustration stored in him over the years .
tr	6	" Hi , Abby , and this must be Rick ?
tr	10	It was another minute before we noticed the men tracking us .
tr	7	" Well , don 't just stand there like a stunned mullet .
tr	8	" As it is yours , not mine , I did not , " Mana answered .
tr	6	A glass of rancid orange juice stood forlornly on the countertop .
tr	6	Behind me , there was an enormous roar , and Jasmine 's laughter filled the library once more .
tr	10	She needs to be put into justice ! "
tr	7	I just got her back , I 'm not sending her into battle ! "
tr	9	" But I thought I could play outside ! "
tr	6	" We find some gnomes -- our enemies -- and it 's words .
tr	10	I think I 'm coming down with something .
tr	10	You should call him as soon as I 'm gone . "
tr	10	He was nervous , she realized , and whatever he wanted to ask was causing this .
tr	11	Was incredible how idiot she could be .
tr	10	He 's been known to stay out late . "
tr	10	Now give him a hug and kiss for me and let 's get back to this cube ! "
tr	6	After a nervous moment , it caught with a smoky hiss .
tr	8	He then tied one end of the rope to the rail and tied the other end around his chest .
tr	10	~ Though some left after the admittedly short and somewhat unusual service , most of the congregation remained .
tr	10	" And yet , I have not yet asked you what you want of me .
tr	8	He returned within minutes and settled in the driver 's seat .
tr	9	He looked down and saw chalk marks , the beginnings of that stupid hopscotch game that girls played .
tr	10	VIN looked around ; the sun was just about to climb over the low horizon .
tr	9	Even with your speech now that you have stepped away from the craft .
tr	7	Swallowing her irritation , Claire pushed a smile in place and lowered her book .
tr	9	At that moment , whatever thoughts Chris entertained earlier about the man being full-on crazy were now confirmed beyond doubt .
tr	11	I 'll be here studying the enemy while he 's back in the U.K. recovering . "
tr	7	The slogan , ' See no evil , speak no evil and hear no evil . '
tr	6	" Instructor in bad manners , too , I 'm sure . "
tr	8	" I 'd sell my soul for that fiddle , " commented Avery , his mouth a gape with surprise .
tr	5	For a whole second , I felt dizzy and disoriented .
tr	8	Simon looked down and watched Miriam 's eyes flutter and close .
tr	7	At that time the gates will be open , but make sure you come to this very spot .
tr	8	Still he had to go in .
tr	9	He was not bothered much when she answered his grin .
tr	6	Cider splashed out of the plastic , fluted glass .
tr	10	I was in no hurry to get anywhere .
tr	6	Taylor 's eyes lit up with a smile .
tr	11	She turned to the Prince then , and watched him with an intensity that was quite alarming .
tr	5	Are a few sweaters really worth it ?
tr	8	" This is -- not bad , " Miriam said , looking around .
tr	9	" If it 's any consolation , Eva 's met him and thinks he 's nice . "
tr	9	In the splotches of shadow between them , the green jewels winked like the eyes of angry cats .
tr	9	How many times have I wished for a wife and child of my own ?
tr	5	Bye , bye my trusty old VW . '
tr	10	" I would not have fallen but for F ... " Rafe stopped abruptly .
tr	8	The damp feet made a slapping sound on the clay of the path .
tr	9	He had come to his aid in the nick of time .
tr	7	Nevertheless Stu , the trendiest band member turned back to the mirror and spiked his hair .
tr	7	" With these goals in mind , they came up with their name , the Faith .
tr	7	Ted set his pack on the floor and leaned his rifle against the wall .
tr	6	After a while some of the mud sat up and spat out some more mud .
tr	9	Finn leaned back into the chair and listened for the songbirds in the trees surrounding the old trailer .
tr	11	You have checked out what you want and found nothing .
tr	10	" People like us are made for this .
tr	8	asked Candice grateful for the warning .
tr	10	His father had taught him from a young age how to spot them .
tr	10	With their heads forced into the liquid , many drowned under the pressure when they tried to resist .
tr	11	We had to leave before people became suspicious .
tr	7	' Don 't mention it , ' grumbled the Bastian noble .
tr	8	The ' end of the world ' seemed apt and had arrived without fanfare or warning .
tr	5	The dark tattoo designs slid up and down his neck and chest .
tr	8	This time , Victor 's sigh was barely perceptible above the noise of the rotors .
tr	10	She was conscious of a sinking feeling of disappointment , tangled up with hurt and embarrassment .
tr	10	VIN looked for Suzi and saw her , hidden underneath a tracksuit with a hood .
tr	11	All of a Guardian 's power would be sucked into the impossible web , all of it .
tr	8	" Now I 'm sober , " William said , his eyes closed , massaging his temples with both hands .
tr	7	" Of course , " Mai smirks , delighted by his newfound willpower .
tr	8	When she fed them , they rushed to greet her .
tr	10	No one will give them money to build any more ships . "
tr	7	" The last one is almost there , so we ... " His sentence never reached completion .
tr	8	Betta stood by David 's bed and wrung her hands .
tr	10	Just try not to forget who you really are .
tr	8	" And ... the only real difference between diesel fuel and home heating oil is some red dye .
tr	9	She had been gone for such a long time and many things had changed .
tr	10	Accompanying the pads were little lime green bunches of algae that had built up over time .
tr	9	If you care about your precious life , I suggest you to leave me alone ... Got that ? "
tr	7	" No offense , " Mike checked his watch , " but night is just about over . "
tr	7	The people from the riverbank moved up , and the people from the buses came across the field .
tr	9	" No , I think a bandage and a sling will be sufficient .
tr	7	A cross-section of bone was taken from the rib , breastbone , femur , and shoulder region .
tr	9	( I 'm not allowed to say fat . )
tr	9	But I could tell he was discouraged .
tr	10	I think I can figure it out for myself .
tr	7	They rocketed across the water ; Katherine 's hair and dress rippling in the headwind .
tr	9	He pointed toward the kids playing in the sand .
tr	11	He 'd have to be connected to the person to know . "
tr	7	" Where you 're going , " Frank said .
tr	7	Unconsciously , he started shaking his head .
tr	6	" I 'm okay , " he spoke with anxiety within his voice .
tr	6	" Shouldn 't I call for medical help ? "
tr	9	" You want us to meditate with you ? "
tr	8	There 'd be warmth and food in White Wolf Keep . "
tr	5	" More slowly , but yes , the specimens definitely went bad .
tr	6	The sun , the blue sky , the Camaro , the police car , it had all disappeared .
tr	5	" Well , no , you 're not actually stronger .
tr	10	Drew still wasn 't satisfied , " Who threw the first punch ? "
tr	9	You 're on my list to call . "
tr	11	We have to find this man called Ricky Guido soon .
tr	8	Mac needed to find it .
tr	11	He was more frightened now than he 'd ever been in his life .
tr	8	The legs in front of me step a little wider .
tr	10	It was dark outside and people were busy getting on and off the train .
tr	6	But this is all circumstantial , just oddities , nothing more .
tr	6	" Yeah , small isn 't it , " replied Paul in a perfunctory manner .
tr	9	" Time to go off road . "
tr	6	Ten minutes later , she pulled onto her street a little over a block from her house .
tr	7	" Madam Secretary , I 'm afraid you have me at a disadvantage . "
tr	10	How come you were so calm for that ? '
tr	8	The Prince held out the dagger to the girl , offering it back , but she shook her head .
tr	5	The Village of Autumn , The Mine District , The Fourth Realm .
tr	8	He looks tired and too young for the things in his eyes .
tr	7	" Now , tell me about these magical crimes , " He continued , " if you so choose . "
tr	9	The dog now simply gently nuzzled his head against the man 's neck and reached out to lick him occasionally .
tr	5	And with that common denominator , a beautiful alliance is formed . "
tr	9	Rafe smiled ; it seemed such a typical thing for Adele to have said .
tr	11	It was too much for her to take in all at once .
tr	6	" I mean , Charlotte 's all right , but she 's boring and married . "
tr	8	They knew not to push any further .
tr	6	" Over here , " she heard her aunt call from somewhere near the back wall .
tr	5	" I forgot , " she said .
tr	7	NET could catch you , catch us on their network .
tr	10	' I don 't know why someone couldn 't just tell me .
tr	6	" I suppose so , " the governess replied .
tr	5	Under his breath , Jacob whispered , " Poor drunk Mommy . "
tr	8	" Catch me if you can , " Dagger offers playfully .
tr	10	She stood slightly separate from them , as they were given instructions by their guide .
tr	6	" Alright , I will , " she snarled with attempted levity .
tr	9	" I grew up in a farmhouse , taking care of four younger brothers while my parents worked .
tr	9	They steered to the foothills staying always abreast of the treeline .
tr	5	Again the tiny patient 's body convulsed .
tr	8	" Waterways can change drastically in 250 years , " was Rob 's easy reply .
tr	8	There was one small problem though ; the laptop had a fingerprint reader on it .
tr	9	How hard can it be to spot one man ?
tr	6	" What do you want Jansen ? "
tr	8	Am I strong enough to send him away ?
tr	11	That 's why I knew you 'd understand . "
tr	11	Cobb beamed before asking , " What 's next ? "
tr	8	" Can 't we get into the trees and get away , traveling like apes through the branches ? "
tr	6	The remaining pirates drew their weapons and began the WOMAN hunt .
tr	7	" Please , " the king sighs , rolling his eyes .
tr	8	" Sir , it 's pretty cut and dried ; someone is still alive out there . "
tr	9	How could he keep a straight face at the funeral with this information ?
tr	7	" After we have slain them all ?
tr	6	" It 's only a little bit after one .
tr	7	She took the birds and plucked all the large feathers from the wings and tails .
tr	8	He offers , his flattery and hints of charm drawing Maple in closer .
tr	9	We 've all be under a little bit of stress . "
tr	10	He smiled then turned and went into the cabin and closed the door .
tr	9	too loud , Victoria is going to shut this off !
tr	9	It seems that someone was preserving its beauty .
tr	11	Besides , you wouldn 't have a damn clue about any breech if we hadn 't just spoon-fed you the information .
tr	10	By the destruction that had surrounded this little hamlet , he knew she was at least a caster .
tr	9	They realized they were hearing the worst case scenario .
tr	6	" It 's a sign , " Taylor winked at her .
tr	7	His face turned into a mask , but the lines on his forehead seemed deeper .
tr	9	It seems that he too has had a difficult life . "
tr	8	She stared at the two tickets Noah clutched in his hand .
tr	8	" No , he was in perfect control of himself . "
tr	11	She was stunned at his confession and had no reply as she saw the tenderness in his eyes .
tr	9	Anyone might think you had been up all night , Finan ! "
tr	10	Kelly sat back , looking across the table at the president .
tr	10	That 's how I met Miriam , and through her , Mana . "
tr	8	" Um , how late was that ? "
tr	8	Bowing to the inevitable , I moved to confront him .
tr	10	Have you noticed Dad watched us like a hawk all day today ?
tr	9	I don 't know how to relax .
tr	10	It was a vivid place filled with the splendid riches of priceless splendor .
tr	10	Looking down , I noticed my hands were still spotted with crimson droplets .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , business establishments , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	9	As was habit he stopped a couple of times in front of shop windows carefully watching the reflection .
tr	9	Tomas Godard stood slightly to the side , his face full of a nameless emotion .
tr	8	" Shoot whenever you 're ready .
tr	8	There was no such team , of course , Cal was entirely on his own .
tr	8	There was a light tap on his door , and Riki whispered , " Neil ! "
tr	11	A chorus of complaints arose around him , which he ignored , turning towards Gabriel with a wink .
tr	6	The answer to that question turned a corner and came down the street a few minutes later .
tr	9	" Who wants to delay us ? "
tr	11	There was a moldering pile of Washington Posts on the right side of the porch .
tr	5	' True , the melodies and harmonies show promise . '
tr	7	" You 're doing a great job , " Gabe says .
tr	9	Though not particularly big , its placement on top of the hill made it hard to attack .
tr	6	Life , Art , Religion Philosophy , all emotions and ideas , lie on the second curve .
tr	11	I thought you might want to come .
tr	7	They bent over the object , no longer survivors , but scientists and scholars again .
tr	10	You haven 't changed a bit , and you obviously need to go back on bread and water . "
tr	11	It was 1920 hours and time good enough to get up .
tr	10	I envision them having law enforcement authority , but also counterintelligence capabilities , similar to the FBI .
tr	7	I made my way over and knelt down by her side .
tr	11	We 'll only be able to react to her .
tr	7	" He has the legs of ten men . "
tr	9	All these other fools don 't even know quite what 's happening ! "
tr	10	" Do you know what it says ? "
tr	11	" I regret that my visit is not one of simple purpose , but I must seek your council . "
tr	7	" You can always end up surprised , " Stacy said and led them to a cliff .
tr	11	" Alright , let 's have a look at what we have here .
tr	6	Light danced in his eyes .
tr	5	Of course , after last night that 's all out the window . "
tr	9	Collecting her things she quietly stormed off , throwing the rest of her questions into my swimming pool in passing .
tr	7	It was a graceful thing , like a gangly white bird , rising confidently and effortlessly into the sky .
tr	8	Ali knew a shooter when he saw one .
tr	9	He has not hesitated shooting at the attackers .
tr	8	" I cannot help it , it is my nature , and you do this to me , my Rosa . "
tr	9	Make sure she 's OK .
tr	11	" So we 're looking for a place that has a garden huh ? "
tr	6	" ' Tis the honest truth , I swear !
tr	9	He thought , the moonlight would spoil my attack if I wait any longer .
tr	9	I pressed the number and heard it rang out .
tr	7	" Go on and ignore me , " Nelly continued .
tr	9	How come you stopped by ?
tr	9	The idea of a charlatan replacing the king is laughable , and that 's Fuchs ' genius .
tr	11	I rose and walked to the filing cabinet that served as our drinks tray .
tr	11	We 've been holding off paying them as long as possible .
tr	5	No social media things . "
tr	7	Dane made a grab for his own knife but the Arab lunged at him again .
tr	6	" I have a plot , " the helmsman calls out .
tr	7	He stepped away from her and grabbed her shaking hand .
tr	8	" When we get to the Black Water , we will leave the river . "
tr	11	I knew it was Dee who screamed .
tr	6	The King of Poland had died only the day before . '
tr	9	The sensor had been idle for over an hour .
tr	10	" Present the tail , " he 'd always told her as if he were offering a gift .
tr	10	It was more than she had bargained for .
tr	6	His vision clouding with anger and fear , he wrenched open the door to the shaft .
tr	9	She seemed so tired of all the things that she had went through .
tr	9	She blinked her lids and choose to be silent .
tr	10	He 's holding something back , I can see it even though I can 't explain it . "
tr	8	One or two had difficulty lying to their wives .
tr	5	" Yes , Seth , " Barney said .
tr	11	" Are you going to get in Hannah ?
tr	10	I make it myself you know . "
tr	7	The Prince removed his feathered hat and held it out at his side .
tr	10	You just need to turn around and lower yourself backwards .
tr	9	She had called him in Brunei from England asking him for both advice and help .
tr	6	She pulled her cloak around her more closely .
tr	6	A campfire and a few torches gave more light now than the fading sky .
tr	8	No wonder I missed it .
tr	6	" Well , be a good zombie , and finish it up .
tr	9	Look at what 's happened .
tr	11	Hang the cost , get er done ; petroleum was expensive when it was first introduced into the marketplace .
tr	8	I 'm already receiving flak from the Americans and the UN about so called human rights issues .
tr	5	" My dad and I aren 't human , Echo .
tr	8	What have gone of her now ?
tr	10	he asked almost to himself , " what the hell is going on here ? "
tr	7	Black creatures are about in the Dream Valley .
tr	7	Feeling a bit more confident , Helen threw the car into drive and started forward .
tr	7	" On your mother 's grave , " and this is becoming fun .
tr	8	Beau turned on every last bit of strength he had .
tr	7	Still crouched behind a workbench , Bryony watched Stubby crawl into position next to the Emergency Abort switch .
tr	8	But the tunnel kept on going , Megan got tired , and there were no trains all this time .
tr	11	Sure there were girls willing to do anything for his money .
tr	7	She came with a professional captain , two crewmen and a cook .
tr	8	The Prince felt his cheeks burn and he lay back down on the litter .
tr	10	" He 's saying that she can 't stay here .
tr	10	They think they can get away with that ?
tr	9	Your Majesty , I can 't stress to you how imperative our flight must be .
tr	5	" Anyway , Valentine 's Day isn 't a big holiday or anything . "
tr	7	He held her for a very long time , shaking .
tr	7	She let herself fall and in the next moment , she was totally under the water surface .
tr	7	" Oh damn , " cursed Scarborough , " now I 'm still a spider and the Devil is dead . "
tr	11	She wondered if he would to tell her .
tr	7	But all the shooting and explosions were scaring her , and her shoulder and leg were hurting .
tr	6	The elevator shaft to the upper mine finally appeared in the gloom .
tr	6	After a brief pause , the two front factory doors opened and the ambulance pulled inside .
tr	5	" Anyway , young lad an ' lassie .
tr	10	" Do you want to know ? "
tr	10	You don 't need to worry about that . "
tr	8	" Because we still don 't have confirmation she really left .
tr	9	I told him as best I could .
tr	8	The Tenacious opened the door of the Assembly Room , and they all found themselves on the street .
tr	6	A few seconds later , he steps back , and Castile opens another door .
tr	5	After a few rings , I hear " Hello . "
tr	8	" I always thought your father was a smart man .
tr	6	" Uncle Claude was a great leader , and like any great leader , he was fundamentally a teacher .
tr	9	But now let us start our preparations for this mission .
tr	7	" Go on , " I said , my anger slowly dissipated .
tr	9	A guard quickly runs up and jabs a knee into her back , forcing her chest back down upon the block .
tr	10	" What do you think of the people in this place , Terr ? "
tr	8	Harald said , and then stood up , the gold of his coronet shining in the torchlight .
tr	9	" It 's tragic the way Mike died , " Jack continued .
tr	8	' No , but -- ' ' So why is he taking you to France and Italy ? '
tr	8	The gondola glided right up to the entrance and the boys and the Angel went inside .
tr	9	There were two circular windows either side of my bench .
tr	6	' You did a good job , ' he said quietly .
tr	5	Ungrateful shepherds and farmers with dirt behind their ears !
tr	9	We 'll bring Margaret into the house for a while .
tr	8	On the edge of the harbor an enormous wall of water was forming , towering halfway up the cliffs and growing .
tr	6	The private , luxury ITS offered a smooth ride , a lavish sapphire couch and a gilded table .
tr	5	Gabriel 's voice cheerily interrupted them .
tr	9	The evening is growing dark alarmingly fast , but his numerous concerns do not include the availability of light .
tr	8	She shook his hand in the center of the office .
tr	8	It was indeed an entrance to a cave , or at least a tunnel .
tr	6	The object of my intense staring session turned his face to smile at me .
tr	11	It was so sudden that he cried out in spite of himself .
tr	7	I open the notebook and flip past the other pages .
tr	9	They joked about his affections when they were on the upper deck .
tr	9	" He 's gon na be pissed . "
tr	10	She reminded herself , training her eyes on the end of the hall .
tr	10	Unprepared as you have left them ? "
tr	11	It didn 't register with Bryony until she was walking back down the corridor .
tr	6	Several of the children stole a glance at the shiny red scales behind Astrid .
tr	7	She can get out and run away . "
tr	9	He was convinced he was surrounded .
tr	7	Wouldn 't it be faster ? "
tr	6	He moved away from the door .
tr	8	Tim looked at Andy like he was stupid .
tr	7	She went in , closed the door behind her , and thumbed the lock .
tr	10	I believe it is coming from outside ... like a laser beam of energy or something .
tr	6	" Nora , about Tricia ... " " I know , " she assured him .
tr	9	Keep trying until I break ?
tr	8	" I have found the will that your father left .
tr	5	Now , I 'm not the most athletic person around .
tr	9	As he strode off , she tasted the lies on her tongue and yearned to call him back .
tr	7	Inside the atmosphere was rapidly moving from dismay to outright panic .
tr	7	On the Infirmary roofs and in its buildings ' windows facing the opening ceremony were positioned Bird 's Snipers .
tr	6	Back in the sixteenth century , overwhelming demonstrations of power , wealth and invulnerability were all the rage , after all .
tr	11	The danger would be minimal compared to running openly from the black creatures .
tr	10	' You ready to be part of this video ? '
tr	6	A small table and four wood chairs divided the kitchen and living room .
tr	8	" Let 's get out of here . "
tr	5	" Yeah , " I say .
tr	7	She went back to the kitchen and felt a weight press down on her shoulders .
tr	11	This nation we have made here out of the death and destruction is a good thing .
tr	10	What did they call it ... ?
tr	11	It 's not my fault he was looking the other way and burned his hands .
tr	9	Cletus , still doubled over , couldn 't tell what had happened .
tr	6	Jolie peppered Malcolm with words .
tr	10	Persons of quality simply shouldn 't have to put up with such things . "
tr	9	Rob drove down to Ensenada and broke it off with her after she was convicted . "
tr	11	" Some things you don 't need to know . "
tr	7	I was watching him " -- he tipped his head at the Irishman -- " not the forest . "
tr	7	Elaina shuddered back into her own mind , desperate for the pain and the memories to stop .
tr	9	Bryce Grain was about to be acquitted .
tr	10	Shannon looked like she wanted to laugh .
tr	9	I 'm going to miss her .
tr	10	It will be dangerous , it will be illegal and there 's liable to be shooting .
tr	8	I felt Reid 's hot stare on the back of my head .
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	6	A sorrowful smile crossed Godard 's face at her words .
tr	6	" Okay , I 'm up ... " Slowly , I started down the trail once more .
tr	8	' Have you found out who looted the first cave ? '
tr	7	" Are you arresting me ? "
tr	10	Edie May looked up from her desk at the far end of the room when she heard them enter .
tr	11	Raymond gripped it in his hand as he crawled to make an attack .
tr	8	" It won 't hold our weight -- but there 's strength in union .
tr	7	" It 's an honor , sir , " Wilbur replied very politely .
tr	10	" Aren 't you working ? "
tr	9	All around the city , that first barrage of munitions inflicted devastating damage .
tr	8	With a slight bend of her long neck to see behind her Hailey saw what scared Noah .
tr	8	' Admiral , I have received intelligence of an impending attack on Earth .
tr	8	Visions of Moscow in ruins played across her mind 's eye .
tr	6	I got furious and ... I become another person . "
tr	7	§ § § Now back at The Colony , it had never looked so good to them .
tr	11	And the girl told her the story , which was very similar to Megan 's .
tr	5	" There 's also this . "
tr	7	" No one knows the secrets of the Wilds ! "
tr	10	" History is always teetering on the head of a pin , Mr. Bender .
tr	10	Abby took a shot of Tequila , inviting me to do the same .
tr	11	" Watch what Lonnie does with that thing under his arm . "
tr	7	He couldn 't mean the miners -- they were not particularly strange .
tr	10	" A good precaution , " was all he said about it .
tr	6	With the revealed ranged rogues his entire battle plan was now wasted .
tr	7	" You have quite the young man there , you know , " he said .
tr	6	" He 's right , " Aria says with a sigh .
tr	8	I hesitated before voicing the next question .
tr	10	He wondered what had gone wrong .
tr	7	" If I wasn 't so tired , I 'd kill you right now . "
tr	7	A few stops later she got off the bus and jogged through the side streets .
tr	9	He throws off the fear like a dirty shirt and strides toward the doorway , his fists clenched .
tr	11	Best to take what should could now .
tr	6	All combinations of ingredients failed epically .
tr	10	The main thing was not to be noticed by the robot guards .
tr	10	" After several weeks of living like this , I took a dozen men out for a regular hunting trip .
tr	10	I didn 't know what to do , " he declares , becoming emotional .
tr	8	Whatever , I had one last unexpected chance and I took it between my teeth .
tr	7	" Just a scratch , " the Prince responded , smiling as well .
tr	9	Lena helped balance him as he got up .
tr	11	The depressed expressions around him obviously made Falconer feel the picture was too dark .
tr	8	replied her mother handing Maggie a plate of steaming food , mostly grown in their garden .
tr	9	He was wondering what kind of thought she was pondering about .
tr	6	An " he " d lost a skull down there too , he was sure o " dat .
tr	9	My eyes widened when a stream of colourful Czech suddenly left his mouth .
tr	7	Shops were looted , especially liquor stores , and any survivors were hiding .
tr	6	" I can 't , either , but somehow we made it , and now you 're here , too . "
tr	8	" Hey , " he said , " the riding crops were on the floor in there . "
tr	10	Set within it were grey eyes an identical shade to my father 's .
tr	7	Apart from a missing persons report in the local rag , the story never made the papers .
tr	8	Not to submit to every demand would mean instant death .
tr	8	I 'd prefer it if you all leave .
tr	7	And besides , one of your stockings is coming down , and they don 't match . "
tr	8	Moments later , a dull thud drew my gaze to the other side of the room .
tr	9	Now to see to Fletcher .
tr	11	When I was about to take one , an old man was faster then me , taking it .
tr	8	I knew what the jerk was doing .
tr	10	The elegant hall had been turned into raging abyss .
tr	6	" That 's it , " realized Matthew , opening the book again .
tr	8	Within a few moments , Simon was directly on top of Steve .
tr	8	The two guards were sleeping on the chairs and snoring .
tr	11	" I don 't think I wan na know .
tr	9	Remember what it did to us .
tr	7	" Why does Grand even care about me ? "
tr	8	" Go out into the forest , catch a deer using no traps , and bring it back here alive . "
tr	8	A girl , no matter how perfect she may look , it is better to see the reality .
tr	7	Oh , did he hope he was wrong .
tr	11	" I did it because it was the right thing to do . "
tr	7	As the morning progressed , the rising sun burned away the damp mist , and Fitzgerald began sweating profusely .
tr	11	We 'll take the vehicles we have running .
tr	11	It is always some tedious endeavor he finds himself doing time and time again .
tr	6	" Open the Caravan , " one of the guards yelled to the driver .
tr	6	she declared and waded into the water .
tr	5	" No problem , sir , " answered the man .
tr	8	After we leave this miserable place , freeing him is our next goal .
tr	5	Right now , New York , Los Angeles , Washington and Chicago are war zones . "
tr	10	Mike reached up to the scar on top of his scalp where he had struck a bulkhead .
tr	5	" Can we give you a ride ? "
tr	8	Then he will be the ruler of the earth .
tr	9	Anderson asked , giving Janice a warm hug and then shaking Reggie 's hand .
tr	8	I cornered Herb first chance I got .
tr	9	Josie stepped around beside Mark , facing back across at Jimmy .
tr	7	What if she 's dying ?
tr	10	* * * The Extremely Critical Care Ward of the hospital was very quiet .
tr	9	Chapter Six Busted Ted hung the mirror from one of the nails on the wall next to the shower .
tr	10	What 's your grand plan to deal with that ? "
tr	8	Barely half an hour passed before the odious bodyguard was caught .
tr	6	Simply shaking his head , Rift claims his key and exits the room .
tr	8	It is me more than you I worry about .
tr	9	He stopped as if to gather his thoughts .
tr	11	It started a few feet ahead of us , way too far up for me to consider crossing .
tr	10	He had never truly been bested in battle nor had his courage ever really been questioned .
tr	9	Thank you , weather gods , for giving me the perfect excuse .
tr	10	" They live in the Lodge down by the gate and have done since I bought the place .
tr	5	" No , Eda , you did nothing wrong .
tr	6	" These pants are just fine , " I huff .
tr	8	I killed one of their members in an honorable , fair fight , and the devils want our heads .
tr	8	He nodded to give his own words emphasis .
tr	10	He didn 't quite believe what he was seeing , so he blinked hard and looked again .
tr	8	he asked softly , a veiled threat hidden in those words , plain only to Seven .
tr	6	* " Interesting sort of bloke .
tr	7	They had been on the march for a half turn .
tr	8	" Somewhere better than where we 're going , " mumbled Corporal Hobbit as he plodded along .
tr	8	" But that is not the really important stuff , is it ? "
tr	7	When she reached the room , she crept by the door .
tr	9	He never knew he was under attack .
tr	9	Are you familiar with the Old Testament ? "
tr	6	' Yeah , well , it 's a funny thing , ' he said , ' but .
tr	10	He 's got some growing up to do . "
tr	5	" I really do , " said Harold .
tr	10	What he was made to believe .
tr	8	Now , don 't we have somewhere to be ? "
tr	5	Vegetables , fruits , spices , herbal extracts , soy products , juices .
tr	5	" But my family - " " They are not your family .
tr	11	And who do we have with you ? "
tr	8	My dreams have changed into reality and I can love and enjoy them every day .
tr	10	He asks with a respectable amount of base in his voice .
tr	6	Finally , with great difficulty they found their way out of the wild forest into a glade .
tr	10	Full identification of this individual will be one of the primary objectives of the above operation .
tr	7	" What do you do for a living Mr. Mudd ? "
tr	7	She had a quizzical look on her face , not quite annoyed , not quite serious , and not quite hostile .
tr	7	He crouched down and examined one foot and then the other .
tr	11	He got back to the keep later than he had hoped .
tr	7	His financials all came up legit though , he 's just done very , very well for himself . "
tr	6	" Maybe not , but for now he 's king .
tr	5	In the relative quiet , the birds take back the woods .
tr	5	' But then again , it isn 't quite the same . '
tr	5	After all , Australia and the US are an awful long way apart .
tr	6	" A moment 's rest to recover , then we 'll continue . "
tr	7	Come on , let 's do this , now we 're here . "
tr	9	His papers were false and wouldn 't stand the type of scrutiny that deportation demanded .
tr	6	" Just your sister 's usual morning happy person routine , " his father replied .
tr	7	Toby stripped off his clothes and handed the accelerometer suit to 006 .
tr	5	There was a tall , tanned , handsome , blonde man .
tr	9	The crystal lies here in legend only , and that is if we read it correctly .
tr	8	" Well there 's only one thing to be done . "
tr	10	In fact , we 'll most likely be compensated generously to use the jet ! "
tr	8	An older man came out to meet them .
tr	9	" Hey , yourself , " she said tears running down her cheeks , " you came back to us . "
tr	9	The commercially available substance was flexible and could be tinted from its base to any color .
tr	8	( Where is this ? )
tr	8	" Shall we get this briefing underway ? "
tr	6	" No I am just joking , " he laughed again almost shedding tears .
tr	11	She pointed to a heavy volume that lay on the little table by her bed .
tr	7	He shouldn 't have done that .
tr	10	Her face contorted as she processed too many unwelcome images .
tr	10	Again he paused , allowing his words to sink in .
tr	10	Well , the death of a man who betrayed God is no sin .
tr	6	' I 'm afraid not , ' I replied with an apologetic smile .
tr	8	" Please , stop " came a voice from the cooler but it wasn 't as loud this time .
tr	10	Nathan was stunned and almost laughed out loud at the ridiculousness of it all .
tr	7	It 's kind of fun .
tr	10	Think you can let go ? "
tr	6	" I am ... a student ... of Mikhail Bloor ... " " Who ? "
tr	9	She could not let them think her weak .
tr	11	That is until she found out that Coleen Dyson was missing .
tr	9	Gray gave us a stern look to stop talking .
tr	8	The Bastian tech 's voice came over the earpiece with a faint buzz of static .
tr	7	Unfortunately , we lost contact with her nearly three phases ago .
tr	10	In the end he had evolved an upright stance and the opposed thumb along with a large brain .
tr	5	In there , behind the phony jaw , a yellow snake bristled and shifted .
tr	5	" What ... what are you ? "
tr	8	" You both need to get some sleep . "
tr	7	Do you not wish to know ?
tr	9	This is the first start of your treasure and I ask you to value it greatly . "
tr	7	Within moments , they 'd formed a line before the stairway .
tr	7	" Then why did she name you Gabriel ? "
tr	8	I was sorry I asked .
tr	10	He wondered how far they would get before ... no , he would not even think that .
tr	6	Kind , polite , controlled and not unnecessarily ill-mannered , she was quite pleased with herself .
tr	11	She pictured the smug expression on Neal 's face were he to win and pedalled harder .
tr	7	Not a boy , really ; he must be my age .
tr	10	It will be more comfortable for all , and I am sure our guest is also hungry . "
tr	7	" John , have you asked Lilly yet ? "
tr	10	he asked , looking up at the men around him .
tr	5	" Yes , kind Señor , " she chuckled .
tr	10	The tour had taken some time and there had been endless things to see .
tr	10	A large round table lowers to hover twelve feet above the enthralled and enthusiastic crowd .
tr	7	Maybe it became haunted , and everybody got up and left .
tr	10	His plan was to knock Simon unconscious and , most likely , the old man as well .
tr	9	" I wouldn 't be too sure of that , " Sarah said , frowning at the woman .
tr	9	" I see , you just bluffed me into confirming it for you .
tr	5	" A good number do , but a good number don 't .
tr	9	The other pilots hated it as well , and hated you as much as I did .
tr	10	Whatever second thoughts he might have had about this evening were gone .
tr	7	" Don 't give up on me Colt , not now , I need you . "
tr	9	She wanted to go after him . "
tr	11	The song seemed to come from the other end of the cemetery .
tr	10	" Hah , " he tried to shrug off the seriousness of her question .
tr	6	" So ... " says Jason slowly , " your suspended gallows is actually ... a gallows ? "
tr	10	This is perfect , the coach thought , she would have to do it correctly now to succeed .
tr	9	She grabbed it and he threw her on the other side .
tr	11	But he would die trying to protect Zoe .
tr	11	You 'd think being in charge of recording concerts for BBC Radio would be an interesting job .
tr	7	Ever since the final blackout last summer , the cosmos had really come out of hiding .
tr	10	" I will get Enrico to get you a dress . "
tr	9	Marcellus ' glass had frozen , the cognac nearly to his lips but now forgotten .
tr	11	A few of them managed to stay close you know .
tr	8	If there indeed were troops stumbling about it would be a short sprint .
tr	9	He forced a long breath into his lungs and , exhaling , pushed himself off a small sapling for momentum .
tr	6	asked Lord Rafe , his tone playful .
tr	7	The song is still here , always here , but softens as my skin opens to the sunlight .
tr	10	" Must be the driver , " he said " that MP5 made a mess of him . "
tr	6	With such unnatural strength , even a body eleven feet tall felt light in his fingers .
tr	11	" I do hope you 're staying .
tr	9	" It says : ' Eye of Horus necklaces are worn for protection .
tr	5	* Chapter 23 The classroom 's neon lights instantly died .
tr	10	Somehow it made it worse , but she would not cry in front of him .
tr	10	A third horse was tied behind the litter and was loaded down with most of the packs and supplies .
tr	8	He brushed against her plum lips , sighing in contentment .
tr	7	" I 'm just wearing a tee shirt , " she said laughing .
tr	9	Our gunship will be on deck in ten minutes . "
tr	8	" Does that little birdie have jet black hair ? "
tr	8	A row of letter boxes flanked the wall just inside the front doors of the building .
tr	10	Grand was always hunting us , and we were always running like hell to slip away .
tr	11	She sighed irritably and turned again to the trio on the other side of the tent .
tr	9	I reckon I can outrun anybody here today . "
tr	8	Godard whispered in disbelief behind me .
tr	11	Vengeance against those who buried me alive . "
tr	9	" Do you know what kind of schedule we 're on here ?
tr	6	" Finan , are you awake ? "
tr	7	The sight almost caused Rafe to laugh .
tr	6	Instead , he grabbed her hand , pulled her in , and claimed her lips .
tr	9	The knife was sharp , but small and she was having a hard time cutting her bonds .
tr	5	In another moment , she heard an identical noise .
tr	10	she asked , pulling away her fingers , slick with her blood .
tr	5	The tiger roared , bled , and fled .
tr	8	Just the word replacement turned Aimee into a piece of Tupperware .
tr	10	" Yet will there be a domain to give him ?
tr	9	' After all , it wasn 't too long ago that our forefathers lived their entire lives without electricity .
tr	11	With that , he begins to ascend into his fortress , finally reaching the throne room with a sinister smile .
tr	9	Finn knew the boy hadn 't eaten his dinner .
tr	8	Gabe is already climbing up a tree behind me .
tr	10	You must recognize we need a stable , practical , working government to survive .
tr	7	Are you sure you kids aren 't stoned ? "
tr	7	" Why were they wandering about out there anyway ?
tr	8	And it 's like a weirdo parade from around the world , " Tori said .
tr	8	' Pleased to meet you .
tr	7	Mark 's eyes glanced at Josie quickly , then went straight back ahead .
tr	9	I have a fix on 006 's position , and you 're right .
tr	8	Andy knew Tim was right .
tr	9	These guys must have some smoking hot computers ; this is base 10 data . "
tr	7	They 're royal property , but hardly popular . "
tr	7	Several large lamps lit the space , and giant moths swarmed about these lights like pilgrims .
tr	6	" Come on and have breakfast !
tr	10	Sofia draw a smile seeing the bird resting its talons on the sill .
tr	9	The EM shocker was easy to build too .
tr	7	" Ah yes , a sad thing about the Honey Bees , " he said .
tr	6	It catches in my throat .
tr	6	This one here , for example , looked exactly like - ' Halt , ' said the Sphinx .
tr	5	CHAPTER ELEVEN I WAKE UP AND LOOK AROUND AT THE STARK WHITE walls .
tr	6	As the sultan slumbered Scarborough made a quick break for it .
tr	9	Or rather used to be .
tr	8	They also had a little thing going on the side .
tr	9	" Loon , " Rosemary said and the entire class laughed while she smiled proudly .
tr	8	" Saying ' uh-huh ' like it 's an easy concept to grasp . "
tr	10	She will make sure that her death would be a worthy one .
tr	9	He has seen the power of the crystal and it is growing in him .
tr	10	" I didn 't know if you could ever find me or not .
tr	5	" A moment of your time . "
tr	8	The Prince allowed a small hint of the inner turmoil to show through .
tr	9	" Yes , I will , but I still think it 's a mistake .
tr	10	Everyone looked on awaiting his opinion , ' It 's too loud . '
tr	9	Maybe that is how it started ?
tr	8	" Let me get you untied . "
tr	10	In the distance I could see the faint lights from another ship as they streamed across the vast ocean .
tr	9	He didn 't want Melody to see them .
tr	9	The passage on the other side of the ventilation shaft extended another eighty feet before stopping at a rusty air-tight door .
tr	6	The four Destruction buttons are Greed , Hate , Fear , and Dominance . "
tr	9	I could tell Tuck only tolerated her .
tr	9	Looking at the specks of dust beneath her feet , she let out another sigh .
tr	11	He gave Chris a wink and a half-smile before removing his hat and bowing his head .
tr	7	She took a deep breath , felt the horse move beneath her , and then exhaled .
tr	10	I had developed a kind of system for drawing zombies out of hiding .
tr	7	" You think me a fool , Finan ? "
tr	10	But when they chill and let me do the leading , they 're fine . "
tr	8	The band raced to the car park and opening the back doors looked at their gear .
tr	7	Above the noise of falling debris , I heard a harsh grunt from Reid .
tr	9	Rick saw she had frozen , but could not tell why .
tr	8	She cocked her head and focused her gaze .
tr	7	' How many men are you sending with them ? '
tr	6	I want a nice silvery gray rat , with a satin finish .
tr	8	The wind thoughtfully explores my face , touching soft lips to my cheeks .
tr	6	" This is a great place , it really is , but I can 't stay . "
tr	8	If you have any questions , you know , about your sister , you can drop me a line . "
tr	7	All of the men outside bowed in unison , backs straight , gaze lowered .
tr	10	The shapeshifter meanwhile was jerking and twitching as bullets tore into his torso .
tr	8	Many of the others wore the all-black of the Brethren 's bodyguard .
tr	10	She saw animals she 'd never seen before .
tr	6	Kevin glanced toward the trail along the beach .
tr	10	Time is , after all , reported to be a healer , and in time , I hoped to be healed .
tr	5	" Stop fighting , Scarlett , " said another voice , another female .
tr	9	The group of smokers stood open mouthed , their nicotine addiction forgotten for the moment .
tr	8	Still a damned foolish place to build a fortress .
tr	10	" It is a shame , " he says , " that they are always born human . "
tr	8	Josie stepped close and put her fingertips gently on Mark 's bare chest , just below his sternum .
tr	6	The recoil shook my arm , but the results were instant .
tr	7	" Lotta help that is ! "
tr	8	" Where do you imagine that damn goat is ? "
tr	10	If the pipe was as long as Rupert estimated , I could physically accomplish the deed .
tr	9	She and Connie hit it off from the get-go as they were both into marine biology .
tr	8	The poor thing was wearing a baby bonnet and a diaper and was meowing frantically .
tr	8	He didn 't ask a single question of my new love .
tr	10	You got ta let it go .
tr	11	Do they know where we are ? "
tr	9	Josie was glad to change the subject .
tr	10	We have given up to speak in ultimate terms altogether .
tr	10	Christ we don 't even like admitting that we exist .
tr	8	" It could have been much worse , " replied Finan with a raw undertone to his voice .
tr	11	" Even for the low-rent version we put on the Ares it 's almost HD .
tr	10	I let it go to voicemail .
tr	10	Subconsciously I noticed Jacob buckle beside me , once more wounded .
tr	10	How does it work , lighting a candle for someone ?
tr	11	I refuse to believe it 's true .
tr	8	I believe her name is ... " I finished his sentence .
tr	10	It led into what remained of the hallway .
tr	9	It was now hanging askew , the pistol riding very low .
tr	10	' I didn 't know who else to phone . '
tr	10	Ted 's destination wasn 't really the store anyway , but rather what was behind it .
tr	6	Someone was in the house .
tr	7	" Margie and Jamie came this morning , did you know ?
tr	7	Ten minutes later , Reid was ushered into the cell opposite mine .
tr	7	" I felt stupid , so I hid in the closet . "
tr	9	They had customers to tend to .
tr	6	The chief said , " Good , go tell the others . "
tr	11	They haven 't gotten far , and they 're likely to disappear further into the countryside .
tr	6	At his throat , violet light travelled swiftly around a slim band .
tr	7	Dangling at different distances and lengths , a plethora of thick , ropey foliage sways gently from the canopy far above .
tr	7	' Everyone 's misses her ' But , blimey Wednesday night turned out terrible .
tr	9	We were escorted out of the detention center and marched towards the front of the station .
tr	8	Jude was bowled over and over and over across the hard ground .
tr	10	Despite the fact that it looked like scaly leather , Elaina discovered it was perfectly soft and smooth to the touch .
tr	11	That is all I need to know . "
tr	6	' Play " Robbery with Violence " , kid , ' said Maurice , quietly .
tr	8	Like it or not , you are back in the game , sweetheart , " Jason muses with a grin .
tr	7	" Someone will be up soon and they 'll do it . "
tr	9	Had enough to live forever .
tr	7	" No , it is not safe here , " the old man was saying in Greek .
tr	9	Do you want some ? "
tr	7	Soon we will see White Bear , Deer , Fox , Eagle and many unusual sights . "
tr	7	Anderson smiled slightly to himself and strode forward with his aide .
tr	10	Jack said , trying not to sound bored .
tr	10	Jack said , trying not to sound bored .
tr	5	" Right now , for a few minutes , it 's real . "
tr	8	" Sky , sweetie , can you come here for a moment ? "
tr	11	" Do you really want to do this here ? "
tr	8	I ravage so that our Lord Christ can heal . "
tr	5	See you this summer ! "
tr	6	" OK , let 's shoot one , " Tori yelled .
tr	5	" It 's the swelling . "
tr	9	We have dealt with traffickers at much expense to perfect this process .
tr	8	It jammed solidly against the mess within a foot of its exit .
tr	8	he called to Gabriel , then raised his voice as he approached the tent .
tr	10	He accepted her as a mother into his own life and returned her kindness , much to the dismay of Manuel .
tr	9	: " Only if you can answer me a riddle ?
tr	9	Never in his life had he been attacked and vilified so publically and unfairly .
tr	10	He dropped the pistol to his side so the others could not see his hand shaking .
tr	7	" I am no fool , you are not the princess and you can 't go any further . "
tr	10	I shut the paper , instinctively trying to hide the evidence .
tr	7	When he did , he opened his suitcase and put two flashlights and the Spear on the nightstand .
tr	10	As he held his breath and watched Daniel saw the Snakes were each different types of Snakes .
tr	10	said Sardines , struggling to get up .
tr	7	All the pirates were finally apprehended and tied up .
tr	7	The Wal * Mart store had seen better days but the main structure was mostly intact .
tr	7	' By the time Bruno returned with a car , you were breathing again . '
tr	7	At the end of the line , a bolo hung ready from Ochoa 's free hand .
tr	6	" We walk from here .
tr	9	The sun had broken through the clouds and it promised to be a beautiful day .
tr	7	Kevin was pointing to the left .
tr	10	He had grown accustomed to death and loss and found it difficult to grieve .
tr	7	We 've never a moment to spare .
tr	10	The cold filled him , deep and tender like a lover 's embrace , and numbed his bones .
tr	10	Eda nodded and , picking up one of the leather pouches , unbound the tie .
tr	11	As they got closer they could hear the sound of various airplanes coming from the display beyond .
tr	11	He had to know this was dangerous .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " I responded , " I think , maybe . "
tr	9	" How , son of a donkey ? "
tr	10	Her work as a freelance CGI designer often involved pulling all-nighters to iron out some tricky detail .
tr	8	That 's when I felt it .
tr	8	After Drew and Angelique had made their escape , they started working their way west , going by the sun .
tr	10	She turned away from our stares and studied the rest of the information on the screen .
tr	6	Not only were his boots missing , but his whole military attire was removed .
tr	10	" You 'd think he would be celebrating .
tr	8	She felt tears trickling down her cheeks , dripping onto his shoulder .
tr	5	" Sleep well , Mr. Greene , " Robinson said softly .
tr	8	She brushed the dark locks of her daughter and kissed the rosy cheeks .
tr	10	They would have to move with care .
tr	10	she asked while pretending to read .
tr	7	" Is that what you want ? "
tr	10	I just wish we knew where we were .
tr	9	Tristan was taken aback by the sudden appearance of the old lady .
tr	5	And then , for the first time , he felt his full exhaustion .
tr	9	Rafe nodded his agreement as he ran a hand lightly up her arm .
tr	9	She picked up a stick from the fire and began flailing with it like a club .
tr	10	You 've not got married have you ? '
tr	7	Moments later , it reappeared and moved further east .
tr	9	Ted let out a low whistle as he thumbed through one pack .
tr	7	" Don 't worry about that now . "
tr	7	A worn out cowboy hat shaded his eyes from the snow .
tr	7	Standing above me were the Fuchs brothers .
tr	7	Hell , maybe he was one of them .
tr	6	The wooden bar behind it gave away after a few kicks .
tr	7	She turned to the table and brightened the lamp on the table beside the bed .
tr	8	' They could tip the balance in our favour . '
tr	9	Claire had never felt less like partying .
tr	9	There was nothing she could do .
tr	10	Iris waved her hand upon seeing him entering the tavern .
tr	9	The thing is , no matter who wins , everything stays the same .
tr	7	British Library Cataloguing in Publication Data A CIP catalogue record for this book is available from the British Library .
tr	9	This was going to go well .
tr	10	Sofia listened but she cannot hear of anything .
tr	6	replied Adele , giggling in relief .
tr	10	Bless Adele and the day on which she had been born !
tr	6	Average , by most folks accounts , polite , good natured , and sometimes a bit mischievous and absent-minded .
tr	7	When he saw them her turned off the TV and threw away his popcorn and drink .
tr	8	It was more of a scare tactic than it was harmful .
tr	10	I didn 't want to let her go .
tr	7	" I ... " He stopped and ran his hand through his hair .
tr	8	Instead , the people ambled together , arm in arm , laughing playfully in the French sun .
tr	6	The senior Sergeant Major down there is a long-time Special Forces and Delta veteran .
tr	9	If you want to talk .
tr	11	The trap was baited now to get back to the ship and send Allan a secure explanation .
tr	5	" No , just money , " John responded .
tr	9	His breathing was coming in short , ragged gasps but he was afraid to stop and rest .
tr	8	" He was crossing over to the other side and the logs shifted .
tr	10	With all his gear , and his own immense weight , he tried to avoid property damage whenever possible .
tr	6	Too many people and not enough hunting ground .
tr	6	I turned my attention to the computer on the desk .
tr	6	" Every night , he tried something new , and every time , I screamed and fought . "
tr	7	Gunnar loosed his axe from his back and gripped it in his right hand .
tr	9	" You will be a truly great queen , " he insists , leaning over the arm of his chair .
tr	7	He glanced at himself in the mirror and adjusted the hat a few times .
tr	11	That meant she had to be powerful .
tr	9	If the walls of my apartment suddenly dissolved , the books would keep everything securely fastened in place .
tr	8	" This can 't be happening , I 'm not trained for this , " Valerie laments .
tr	10	We paid about ten patients to keep the nurses busy , but we should hurry . "
tr	9	" I see that my words still mean nothing to you .
tr	6	" The inspectors of the port have just passed us .
tr	8	' This passage has been here since before the Ottoman siege .
tr	10	' Six months ago , I sent Hubert a sample of blood to use in his experiments .
tr	10	As it fell , the heart quickly turned back to stone , landing with a thud in the sand .
tr	6	In a few seconds , I heard his truck speeding around the curves in the driveway , through the dark woods .
tr	9	She 's so ... how could I put this down gently ... weird , " James said .
tr	8	" If we wait but a moment Finn will make all plain to us . "
tr	8	He 'll be all right , " he added with the confidence of a child .
tr	10	They want to throw back diet pills instead of running .
tr	8	The Volvo owner 's hand shook as he slowly passed the keys across .
tr	5	At least not for a few days , until the seas calm down . "
tr	8	" I 'll be working on a new route .
tr	9	Dangling the accessory in front of the kid , the thin man considers its worth .
tr	8	I was silent while I digested these incredible facts .
tr	11	She 'd had the occasional date but nothing serious according to station gossip .
tr	8	Who feed you that line ? "
tr	9	There was always much danger in the forest from ferocious animals or enemy tribes .
tr	6	The sleeves of his shirt were rolled up .
tr	6	The girl opened her teary eyes and spoke more swiftly .
tr	8	This side of Josie he 'd seen before - her angry face .
tr	5	" My , mom , my sister , they can 't . "
tr	6	Quebec still stands , they say , but the British control more and more land around it .
tr	9	She wondered how the Hag Spider was making it .
tr	11	Completely by accident , we 'd sent this man over the edge , although he must have been pretty close anyway .
tr	9	" Underneath he 's really a lovable teddy bear with an affection for guns .
tr	7	He stood back and looked me over with an anxious frown .
tr	7	' this one tastes like cheeseburger ... ' ' Never ... ' ' You 're not serious ! '
tr	8	There was nothing save Mr. Clancy 's voice .
tr	8	His school clothes were lying on the end washed , and ironed .
tr	9	They hadn 't moved a finger to help .
tr	8	Now I know that Callie gets good grades .
tr	7	Sadhana Spiritual practices ; praying , meditating , reciting mantras and doing Karma Yoga -- selfless work .
tr	7	I , for one , have given up arguing .
tr	9	That the men were dressed like pirates was circumstantial .
tr	7	Adele had escaped ... to him that was all that mattered .
tr	5	It worked beautifully so far . "
tr	6	I can feel it . "
tr	5	So this wasn 't a dream .
tr	6	The storekeeper 's face lit up , and he snapped his fingers .
tr	10	" I don 't think we 'll need it .
tr	8	" Actually we 're very lucky , " replied George as they walked through the lounge .
tr	9	I have the supper to get ready . "
tr	7	Their caller , apparently privy to confidential information , said , " It was not ' the brothers ' .
tr	11	Or perhaps an attack by hostile Inuit hunters , although that didn 't seem very likely .
tr	9	The second application would execute a series of increasingly aggressive decryption algorithms in parallel .
tr	7	If only his eyes weren 't open .
tr	8	" Two of you are armed , " she said smiling , Jennie looked shocked .
tr	6	' Changed their name didn 't they ; Stu the drummer insisted .
tr	8	If I loose contact with it , I 'll disappear . "
tr	10	Mark shrugged and went to reach into his right pocket .
tr	8	The two dragons circle each other , growling and snapping angrily .
tr	7	She grabbed Christine 's hand and the two girls ran out still in full stage regalia .
tr	8	Just keep an eye out for someone looking for help .
tr	7	When it finally processed the entry , the door swung open with a click .
tr	5	" Oh , sure I can , " noted Marcos , exuding confidence .
tr	9	Everything was going to be fine .
tr	7	I 'm up to 99 percent power , she 's feeling light .
tr	8	The Angel smiled and said : " You asked for help ? "
tr	10	It was time to stop running .
tr	9	She wasn 't ready to give up yet .
tr	7	That should contain the reaction and pretty much vaporize their bones .
tr	5	" Stop , Lizzie Long , " Nick said .
tr	5	" Finders keepers , " he said .
tr	7	' What happened in Washington ? '
tr	11	The girls were busy going over base gossip while Allan and I sat waiting for the grill to heat .
tr	5	" No , I practice every day . "
tr	5	" Yorkshire and Ireland you have a go .
tr	8	His vibe wasn 't the same as I remembered it .
tr	8	" My mother thinks I 'm special .
tr	11	An elderly man who had been alone on a golf course one morning , playing a few holes before work .
tr	8	Most all of the hull on the starboard side .
tr	8	" We don 't know , uh , Harris ; right , Steven Harris .
tr	11	Every few steps he paused to paw the ground .
tr	9	" Six days ago they took a delivery job and are one day away from the drop off . "
tr	6	" I am so sorry , my good captain , my manners are unforgivable .
tr	6	' I 'm sorry , ' Anna whispered hoarsely .
tr	6	The bottom was silky and flowing , and in my opinion it was terribly ugly .
tr	11	Cobb turned to Quinn , who mercifully also had his back to the dune .
tr	11	He waited for him to get up , the crowd getting more anxious .
tr	7	She leaves on the new sky ship , tonight , " I nod then view Grandmother , saying .
tr	7	Their large scale might make it almost impossible .
tr	8	" I think I understand , " said Jacob .
tr	7	He had no relatives as far as Campbell knew .
tr	10	When you want to go to town ? "
tr	8	She tried to concentrate too , ignoring their beauty .
tr	7	People like that were usually two faced and I didn 't trust that .
tr	7	" Call it a cease fire , " he answered with a shrug .
tr	6	When she nodded , he said , " Then I heard Ellie and ... " He spread his hands .
tr	7	The guards lunged for the clowns , but the red figures evaded them and ran down the stairs .
tr	11	Both boys turned to see if she was joking .
tr	6	" No - I mean , why do you have such big shirts ? "
tr	7	They checked inside and made a pit stop in the bathroom .
tr	9	" I don 't care who 's inside .
tr	7	Simon was probably going through the same inner battle .
tr	10	" Do you want to go ? "
tr	6	" Now , now , let me , " she said .
tr	6	She nodded , the corners of her mouth turned up in a smile .
tr	8	All nodded agreement toward Mr. Clancy and prepared to leave .
tr	7	The general offered Natalie his arm and the bodyguard offered his to Sophia .
tr	10	Perhaps they 'll even be waiting on the platform when we step off this very train !
tr	9	Turning around , he asked , " Who was in for this quest ? "
tr	11	" He doesn 't seem to like me very much , and the feeling is mutual .
tr	10	So , do you want to go ? "
tr	9	Archie looked at his watch , then all of the instruments in front of him .
tr	5	' Oh , yes , ' said the oh god . '
tr	7	I 'll let you decide .
tr	6	He promptly passed out from the sheer pain .
tr	6	With her red lips , flushed skin , and dark tousled hair she looked like a sexy pin up girl .
tr	7	Miriam sighed and sat down , and the history lesson continued .
tr	11	" Remember how ' formulating ' this trip was supposed to be ? "
tr	9	" Better hang on to your admirer , Barbara , " Valiant said , blowing out a long stream of smoke .
tr	9	The suit was closing around her chest , the form an identical match for her body .
tr	8	" Adele he was kind to me , to both of us . "
tr	7	Riki plunged , climbed into the opening .
tr	9	You mean to go after him ? "
tr	5	" It is not the pace , then . "
tr	8	The woman spoke sharply , and the man mounted when she did .
tr	9	She turned her gaze over the opened window .
tr	10	Closing her lips before she said anything else , she stepped back .
tr	10	They shoved one canoe out then jumped into the second one and started paddling .
tr	10	I slithered to the bottom of the tub and lay down , my legs bent and turned sideways .
tr	9	As they crawled from the thick brush and dusted the earth from their garments a light wind brushed across their faces .
tr	10	Who 's going to feed him ?
tr	5	" No , he 's not , " said Marcia quietly .
tr	10	he said harshly , coming to a halt at my side .
tr	8	Victoria shivered , a chill passing through her body .
tr	9	" When I flew into the portal and saw the street , I knew it was a trap .
tr	7	" That 's Sergeant to you constable .
tr	8	Since normal Lizards started movement from the right side they expected the same from hunted insects and opponents .
tr	9	They grew in strength as Kim shook her head and smiled a little ruefully .
tr	10	There was no way we were doing that .
tr	8	A sense of freedom and safety began to overcome Mark the closer he got to the Tanaka 's .
tr	10	Archie had bought Andy a copy of War of the Worlds to read .
tr	9	They 're not going to care " responded Vivian .
tr	6	he asked out of curiosity .
tr	7	We need to talk . "
tr	9	Eventually it had been too much , and he had risen from his bed and crept out of the camp .
tr	10	Ted pulled the vehicle out and rolled up the alley in the direction of the closest zombie .
tr	6	" Got ta have fun with your job . "
tr	10	Do you ever regret transferring ? "
tr	7	Old and young , male and female all dressed in black trench coats and yapping nervously .
tr	8	For once I didn 't have anything to say .
tr	5	" Not it , " Spencer , Emily , and Aria quickly followed .
tr	10	That 's definitely not the Brothers Grimm version I remember .
tr	10	He wondered how many days he had been away from the village .
tr	7	" I would never let my granddaughter talk like that .
tr	8	Beyond that the building had collapsed into itself ... ... .
tr	6	When I left , they followed me .
tr	6	Her bare back , hip , thigh , and bent leg twisted forward in the water .
tr	11	She bore no signs of being a star crossed lover .
tr	9	Soon it would be within biting range .
tr	7	Nathan smiled in return , " You have no idea . "
tr	8	She turned and smiled at him as he left .
tr	11	" Maggie will be coming through the connection port , once we have green lights , " replied Jonesy .
tr	10	Suppose they must be about somewhere . '
tr	6	Adele giggled again , but it was a nervous sound this time .
tr	8	I hold a basketball in my lap , and bounce it on my knees .
tr	7	Aimee would 've loved it .
tr	8	He often wondered why his mother looked so sad .
tr	6	Gabe walks to our door .
tr	5	You 're safe now . "
tr	10	Seth wasn 't prepared for this , so he 'd just have to wing it .
tr	9	Footsteps came forward quickly , and the curtains were swept back by a determined hand .
tr	6	I was officially on my own .
tr	7	He picked up a small gray remote control from the table and clicked a button in the center .
tr	7	" You will be a big , strong brave , yes , you will . "
tr	11	" Guess I won 't let them see me . "
tr	10	" I wonder what will happen to you without one ? "
tr	6	I worry only for you . "
tr	9	I believe we 're being followed .
tr	9	She had moved between the towering fires and her dress whirled around her like a tornado of light .
tr	7	" Fine , fine , you scared me senseless . "
tr	5	Such a serene and peaceful place in his youth , he thought .
tr	9	It was a release , restoring Ken Goodspeed 's given name and freeing him in perpetuity from service to Secret Headquarters .
tr	10	Claire felt a strange sensation in the pit of her tummy as she stood watching her niece .
tr	10	Once at the border he is to devise a defensive barrier and prevent any further incursions north .
tr	8	Not swollen from drinking too much liquid , but more muscular .
tr	8	Lance holds onto the look of fear , while shaking visibly for a few seconds .
tr	9	Sarah pulled on a sweatshirt and joined David and John in front of the TV .
tr	8	He was pretending , and after I left he got up and went back to the apartment .
tr	11	Bullets flying about them , the police and the mob decided catching us wasn 't worth dying for .
tr	9	Only the belief in themselves and the course they had chosen kept their hearts from sinking altogether .
tr	5	" Does some super-secret evil villain live here ? "
tr	5	With the added vitamins and minerals , it 's a real good feed .
tr	8	There 's woods surrounding the area , and the mountains loom overhead .
tr	7	So , as a special treat and punishment for tardiness , Ms. Collins will go first . "
tr	8	Turning , we faced the approaching patrol of soldiers as their leader , a lieutenant , spoke .
tr	7	Whenever she moved her hand a data pointer on the screen moved accordingly .
tr	11	Anna rolled her eyes , " Always got ta set a good example , don 't you ?
tr	8	Twisting the wooden spigot of a rough clay jar , she filled them with a tan herb tea .
tr	8	I should have been overjoyed , but instead I felt wounded .
tr	5	" Apparently , " the man said soberly .
tr	10	" Does it have anything to do with Riki ? "
tr	10	I 'm just so happy to see you again Katherine .
tr	10	I am stupid that I understood something else . "
tr	8	He had been a big man once but now he was a little bit stooped over .
tr	11	They would only assume he was part of the enemy .
tr	5	" Oh , Jamie , we 're not ... uh ... we 're not dating . "
tr	5	' No no , you got it last time . '
tr	5	Pierre squeezed his shoulder once again .
tr	9	Someone would have to stop him .
tr	7	Then , embarrassed at last , he looked around sheepishly and fell silent .
tr	10	He rolled down the window to hear it better .
tr	11	In the center was the reflecting pool , a huge basin of black stone with benches surrounding it .
tr	8	" Time to leave , " he said , wasting no time on pleasantries .
tr	8	" Anyone who looks suspicious . "
tr	7	You 'll be respected , but that 's all .
tr	10	With still half of the trip to go , Claire felt she had found her stride .
tr	9	I know I have to .
tr	10	I yelped as a small framed picture tumbled to the floor cracking the glass .
tr	7	she 's usually home by now . "
tr	7	As they reach the elevator , the security agent guarding it grips his weapon a little tighter .
tr	10	I 'm afraid you won 't see him anymore .
tr	6	As in the sacred grove , frightened villagers had picked up all the available wood .
tr	10	They did need to leave .
tr	10	" You 've got to stand up for yourself .
tr	9	Ain 't no man ever kept Jesus ' love busier than I have . "
tr	6	I saw his eyes turn from a flat brown shade to a vivid , sparkling mahogany .
tr	9	He yelled out " Hey buddy that was fun !
tr	6	His muscles bulged beneath his shirt .
tr	7	It will do us good . "
tr	7	" Perhaps you could tell me about this job ? "
tr	6	" Stand in the door ! "
tr	11	It was his idea to establish martial law , universal conscription , and to suspend all basic rights .
tr	9	Noah sat next to her , and she wanted to die , just die .
tr	6	Only God can ... " The old hermit casts his eyes downward .
tr	6	Chapter 9 The nearness of energy breaks my sleep and sets my heart beating hard .
tr	5	For good measure , he kicks off his shoes .
tr	7	" No , " Jim said , " You do ... " Jim Stalin knew his comic books better than anyone .
tr	7	You always bump into people you know in the most random places .
tr	7	" He looks about as relaxed as a wound spring . "
tr	6	Her words stayed with me .
tr	8	There is no knowledge to this , only instinct .
tr	8	Eyes of fire watched her like an eagle watched a mouse .
tr	9	Christy helped the other girls on the floor exercise until her coach arrived , 25 minutes later .
tr	9	" Billy Grey , " he remembered saying , not quite believing it .
tr	9	The simple act was reassuring as the silk fell through his fingers .
tr	5	" Great , " I am not a liar .
tr	10	Apparently some village or other got wiped out and they 're claiming we 're the bad guys .
tr	9	Do you believe it ? "
tr	10	' I need to finish connecting this lot . '
tr	7	Be careful with time ; it 's dangerous .
tr	6	She wanted ... she needed ... him , only him , but he 'd stilled , she realized .
tr	6	" Oh , that 's not all , " she said .
tr	11	The princess was untouched , though he had fought as savagely as any .
tr	6	The Lady 's arm was a blur , her sword rendered invisible with speed .
tr	10	" Why do you think most of the zombies have congregated around here ? "
tr	11	He wanted to go closer and comfort her , but he knew he would not have been welcomed .
tr	10	He was frightened , and the sensation was new to Valerian of the Red Sisterhood .
tr	7	" Exactly fifteen minutes and 48.3 seconds , Rick . "
tr	9	But I know how to win it .
tr	10	It had pushed her forward , giving her the power of a big sister .
tr	11	Inside the grand hall , Claudio realized he was the most humbly dressed of all the partygoers .
tr	9	The incident was an insight into more than the harshness of the land .
tr	10	" Sir , even if we nationalize the contractors and suppliers to enforce cost controls , this would completely bankrupt us .
tr	7	There was only one thing for it .
tr	11	I was greeted by a servant who took my horse .
tr	7	Rip open the seam a tiny bit and shove it in .
tr	6	" Red , you look great , " Lisa complements with a nervous laugh .
tr	9	Barbara asked to everyone , her eyes returning , however , to Simon 's face .
tr	9	" I 'm telling you and I know I 'm right .
tr	6	George served himself last and sat down .
tr	10	I simply do not understand why you won 't stay here . "
tr	6	He won three Grand Slam singles titles : the U.S. Open , the Australian Open , and Wimbledon .
tr	8	He supposed this was only natural .
tr	10	" You are everything I want in a man .
tr	10	" Did you know Billy is promoting this tournament to the public ? "
tr	10	The bullet exited the barrel breaking the sound barrier whilst spiralling towards its target .
tr	9	Cause I can 't keep this up for to long , " Beverly warns .
tr	8	' Slow down cell production and you control the cancer , ' I said , staring at her .
tr	7	Just then , Timothy sees something in the distance , but can 't quite make it out yet .
tr	7	He had expected as much .
tr	10	I hope you feel some of that too . '
tr	7	This is how we work .
tr	9	I load on all my suspicious obits -- those are the red pins -- and look for patterns . "
tr	7	The guards inside the walls had been alerted , but the Outer City was mostly silent .
tr	10	Adele braced her hand against his shoulder as he helped her to mount .
tr	11	Eris said indignantly , trying to get around Sye .
tr	6	He moved almost naturally but his feet left no sound and neither did his body .
tr	6	An hour later the band stepped off the tube into near tropical heat .
tr	10	What a ridiculous position for the son of a fishing family to be in !
tr	6	" It tastes good , " Jack shrugged , " Starve for all I care .
tr	5	Not just killed , but tortured and terrorized , " said the Warden , firmly .
tr	10	Ted turned the thumb latch on the deadbolt and pushed on the door .
tr	10	Matthew nodded as Bax finished tying the last knot .
tr	7	Chris spent as much time there as schoolwork and chores allowed .
tr	7	They cut the snake open and found the missing girl inside , curled into a fetal position , partly digested .
tr	11	I bet she wished she could escape .
tr	11	People who are going to die .
tr	9	The girls raised shutters on the sides of the room to let in the light and breeze .
tr	9	She knew she should not have come .
tr	7	" His connections are better than ours . "
tr	6	In their midst were three people still on their feet .
tr	8	I was too distressed to speak .
tr	5	" Yes , thank you . "
tr	8	From its practical look , I took it to be a stable .
tr	6	Fortunately , we still have some support from one or two Eastern Bloc countries .
tr	8	" There is a future planned for you .
tr	7	Everything was exactly the same , only cleaner , sharper , brighter .
tr	10	" Forgive me if I don 't ask for seconds . "
tr	11	And yes , I suppose you both still have a lot to learn . "
tr	6	Past the palm trees and vegetation there were some houses further inland , and the occasional car or truck drifted by .
tr	10	" It has nothing to do with perception !
tr	7	' That 'll take too long , ' I said with a frown .
tr	10	It had been too long since a maiden had made his heart jump .
tr	5	' Ops Populus ' was the message . "
tr	10	These were the mind boggling questions I had .
tr	7	It took so much more energy and I broke out in a sweat from the exertion .
tr	11	I knew she was beginning to understand .
tr	5	She is neither malevolent nor benevolent .
tr	11	She was hoping that she could spent forever with him .
tr	6	Thus , Death as an ultimate end was unavoidable .
tr	10	" I thought he was with you , " David said .
tr	7	After a few minutes he shrugged , the window went up on the car and it drove off .
tr	6	The bath would be a welcome diversion .
tr	9	The darkness that kept them from sight also slowed their progress .
tr	11	We barely have enough food to take care of our citizens .
tr	6	Miriam pushed her hair back out of her face .
tr	6	It does not add up . "
tr	7	His gaze shifted to Godard 's right .
tr	9	" No , I just told him that you two make a perfect couple and you really seem to belong here .
tr	11	That was all I needed to hear .
tr	8	As was their custom they were ravaging everything in their path .
tr	7	" That 's not a branch , " he began , eyeing it uncertainly .
tr	11	As long as they don 't know who you are , they can 't find you . "
tr	6	" I call park , " Gabe says .
tr	5	" I ... Well ... , " but the frightened voice stopped abruptly .
tr	7	I only studied Japanese for a year in my high school , and that was four years ago . "
tr	9	She thought it was too much of a risk .
tr	8	When he was out of earshot , Kendall and Logan turned around to glare at Carlos .
tr	8	Sidney nodded then moved over to the next rock , stepping away from the other bones .
tr	9	Each breath carries a thousand particles of sand , rubbing away the lining of my throat .
tr	10	Steve initially held his weight up by leaning on the side rail .
tr	6	The proximity alarms ... ... the heat sensors in the woods !
tr	6	She drank some lemonade and set the glass down so hard the lemonade splashed up and over the rim .
tr	11	He made me wait for him to finish .
tr	11	" Dan , did you check whether our lodge allows pets ? "
tr	7	I lingered in the doorway , " Please , come in .
tr	8	He soared out of the pool , punching with his right fist .
tr	10	Eddie gave a resigned shrug as though he 'd weighed the options and made a decision .
tr	7	Before she could protest , Miriam was popped into the bath .
tr	7	To his disappointment , the inspector 's vehicle was already driving through the base exit gates .
tr	8	Another engine suddenly gunned into life behind me .
tr	8	" And you couldn 't come up with something better than ' attack ' . "
tr	7	Beginning slowly , but gradually increasing its pace , a consistent flow of water works its way up Rift 's body .
tr	7	I clutch Ryan 's shirt , and his body drags with me .
tr	10	' It 's good to laugh like that .
tr	10	This was a contrast to everything she knew about this man .
tr	8	There wasn 't a sound from the hallway , so she slipped out into the hall and crept down the stairs .
tr	11	A formerly red rug covers most of the stone floor , stained blue just like the walls and ceiling .
tr	7	Then the tall barn door opened , but only at the bottom , like a pet door .
tr	9	It reverberated between the walls of the farm buildings and echoed from the adjacent hills .
tr	8	' Put your fingers high on the back strap . '
tr	9	I know you can do it .
tr	8	He was lying on his stomach , facing the doorway .
tr	11	' I don 't understand why I should become a priority again after all this time .
tr	8	" I thought that was your sister ! "
tr	6	Jake moved forward , all his body weight behind the blunt weapon .
tr	11	She was beginning to lose her temper ; she didn 't know why he was being so unpleasant .
tr	5	" You are an interesting young man .
tr	8	He 's bald , see .
tr	6	David looked over his shoulder to the other room .
tr	10	" And your dad will still say I 'm not good enough for you ! "
tr	10	Adele was not sure how long they sat applying the cold cloths .
tr	11	I pushed full thrust on the engine , which I hoped fed maximum hydraulic power into the undercarriage system .
tr	8	When he faced her again he wasn 't smiling , but the tension was draining from his features .
tr	11	My attorney will see that it is properly insured and maintained for you .
tr	6	They all cast nervous glances at each other .
tr	9	Do you still feel it ? "
tr	11	" Let 's hope this thing is still working . "
tr	8	Victor glanced over his shoulder in the direction of the damaged stairwell .
tr	7	I am sorry , Mr. and Mrs. Southington but I see no other avenue at this time .
tr	10	You 'd better take a good look so you can remember my size . "
tr	9	" I have a proposition for you , lad , " said the voice , closer this time .
tr	9	Sipping delicately from a glass of wine , Phillip regarded his host .
tr	9	He 'd spilt blood in God 's name and would do it again in an instant .
tr	11	How could he put her back , knowing what he had just discovered ?
tr	7	" You 're right , " he said , watching her .
tr	11	Maya looks up to see Dagger with a huge satisfied grin on his face .
tr	8	Glancing over , seeing him in the reflected lamplight , I let out a short bark .
tr	10	Alita was an arms distance away and stuck a knife in the guys ' head .
tr	9	They had not met under the best of circumstances .
tr	7	The body of a blonde whore lay there , her chest open and bloody .
tr	8	The sheer volume of new information is difficult to parse and process .
tr	6	Eduardo grabbed her hand quickly and examined the ring .
tr	10	He thought it should get them as far as Stockwell .
tr	11	He would not stop until he got what he wanted .
tr	8	It was ridiculous , he had to tell her and now .
tr	6	" It sure does , " Jim agreed , " You drive ! "
tr	9	" Then let us be gone before any return .
tr	7	Anna was the only other person in the room .
tr	10	I added with rage , releasing a ball off light as I brought my hands together .
tr	11	After a short pause she added , " It never hurts to let more fun into your life , though .
tr	6	He made no sound and no eye contact .
tr	7	I observed the series of nods around the fuselage .
tr	9	Trinity quickly shook it from her mind and tried to finish up .
tr	8	He would buy a razor , some shaving cream and turn his beard into mutton chop whiskers .
tr	6	Chapter Seven The intrepid explorers returned to the hotel a little after six in the evening .
tr	11	Ted found himself almost hypnotized by the ferocity of the dogs ' assault .
tr	6	He pressed his hand against a glass panel .
tr	7	The ones you think should stay in the wild ?
tr	10	I am looking forward to relaxing and soaking up some rays .
tr	9	Brazen and his men walked through the smoldering , charred remains of downtown .
tr	9	You could have warned me or hid me , or , I don 't know , something . "
tr	10	He really did want his son to be happy .
tr	9	The chains snap apart like interlinked paper clips , the dark lord 's initial offensive hardly slowing his opponent down .
tr	6	Have you talked to your papa about this yet ? "
tr	8	The blurry reflection in the toaster of a dark shape caught my attention .
tr	7	Byrnes regarded him for a moment , and then pointed to the chair by the door .
tr	9	Hopefully this meant they were disciplined and not just bandits .
tr	6	Anna then delicately poured the appropriate drinks and reclaimed her seat .
tr	11	Claire shuddered at the thought of wearing something already used and abused by someone else .
tr	8	What if this was about the money ?
tr	11	Her cheeks bloomed with pink spots and she seemed ready to spit at him .
tr	6	The damage was much more extensive , but manageable .
tr	8	We knew it would probably happen .
tr	11	" Do you wonder maybe why these things were tossed aside like they were ?
tr	9	Become the leader I could not be .
tr	6	Anna took a few steps towards the scientist cowering behind the desk .
tr	10	Mai asks , laying her hand on Rift 's shoulder as her upper half drifts into the visual spectrum .
tr	9	She gulped and want to freak out .
tr	7	How long before they decide the same about Earth ? "
tr	9	Hailey saw he was in position .
tr	5	" It ... it wouldn 't die ! "
tr	10	We got into the first taxi , which arrived , and Helen took the front seat right next to the driver .
tr	11	Mark waved Jon down with his left hand and leaned forward as something came to mind .
tr	9	He 'd do that to all of us .
tr	5	Black spandex capris and a black tight -- fitting top adorn my long , lean body .
tr	8	' I never met the man myself , ' the older man continued , stepping out of the shade .
tr	8	" That was my first choice , too , and did it for my first year at the University of Munich .
tr	7	" Oh , you 're right , " said Jenny , " I did leave a window down today .
tr	10	Everything seems drowned , hunched over to wait out the night .
tr	11	I kept my gaze steady on Logan , ignoring the countdown and Fuchs .
tr	5	Taylor 's head was spinning .
tr	10	He sat on a bench , towel over his shoulders , listening to the crowd roaring .
tr	10	" It is as well that you will help me , for without you my plans would fail . "
tr	9	We drove along in further silence until I remembered ... " Trudy ? "
tr	8	I learned enough about Ruskin at Uni to last a lifetime .
tr	8	The chill from his conversation with Stalin yesterday still sat in Alejo 's bones .
tr	9	" I don 't know what happened , " I started babbling and couldn 't stop .
tr	6	" Well , as a history lesson , the United States is no longer in existence .
tr	8	CHAPTER EIGHT Across the country , the report of Mark 's brief skirmish with Pete and Cletus was being analyzed .
tr	7	There , she 'd told him everything .
tr	10	" I apologize for the way I acted , " he said .
tr	6	The car spun a quarter circle , and with a harsh revving , the engine stalled .
tr	8	He probably thought it was poetic justice or something .
tr	10	" I need to apologize for not coming . "
tr	11	And , you have been selected to participate in Trig .
tr	10	I know it 's rough on you .
tr	9	He could not be more than sixteen years old , very small in posture .
tr	5	There was no more time .
tr	9	As Whisper was contemplating the latest orders received , Agent 5D walked out of the customs area .
tr	9	And whoever came close to him was filled with a charge of divine energy .
tr	8	" Always remember that I love you .
tr	5	" Look , missy , Pauline and I talk every day , sometimes more than once .
tr	5	" The main thing is no heat , alcohol , massage or strenuous activity .
tr	9	The hum of the car seems so loud , and the passing street lamps blaze like sudden flares in the night .
tr	10	Apart from how to make bombs .
tr	7	We carried on through the town centre past the still open shops .
tr	5	" No , I do not , " Iseo said quietly .
tr	5	" Aye , Captain , " Smith replied dejectedly .
tr	11	She squirmed and writhed against him trying to get away .
tr	9	I did not presume to know her pain though .
tr	9	I gripped my car key with the serrated teeth sticking out through my knuckles .
tr	10	Wouldn 't they want to be visible to rescuers ?
tr	9	" Rumors are elves still do .
tr	10	We shared pleasantries and caught up with gossip ; both completely avoiding the topic of his new appointment .
tr	7	Neil felt a bolt of excitement shoot through him .
tr	9	Adele moved forward , resting her head against his shoulder and embracing him .
tr	8	Chapter 6 Do We Have a Job ?
tr	5	From an early age , the whole town and its environs were our playground .
tr	11	I parked the Cruiser inside the hangar next to it and followed Reid to the aircraft .
tr	7	" Come in , come in , " she repeated .
tr	10	A grim smile crossed Victor 's face as he studied the multitude of heat signals on the images .
tr	6	These dogs ' bloodshot eyes never made contact with Ted 's .
tr	5	" Leave our riches and our fair port ?
tr	10	I know there are rumors about me .
tr	5	" Hello , Reginald , " Hale 's aunt said very , very slowly .
tr	6	" Neptune gate just opened sir , " Thing One replies in his earpiece .
tr	6	Everything and everyone else , though ... " His warning trailed off .
tr	9	Those are the things that I struggle with the most . "
tr	6	" And the cops found the car , and then they found you , and you got arrested . "
tr	11	questioned Tessie who had been silent throughout this entire ordeal .
tr	9	I struggle to filter it into a coherent message .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " I whispered , my voice cracking .
tr	6	" It 's not easy , but it 's doable .
tr	10	He could see Archie 's head had rolled back and his mouth was open .
tr	10	He threw one more branch in the fire and walked into the woods as if he were gathering more wood .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual events , locales or persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	6	" Are you mad ? "
tr	8	George sat there gazing into the fire .
tr	7	Well , I was just thirteen at the time .
tr	5	" What does ' ipa ' mean ? "
tr	9	I think my friend 's in trouble .
tr	10	His lab 's removal from the backbone could be explained as part of a routine test .
tr	9	His father may know about it , but he might not know where it is .
tr	10	We discovered she was eating out of our garbage drums .
tr	9	So the usual number of weeks was bound to double or even triple , stretching into months .
tr	10	At least this way she does not have to frown over me each day and fret over my lost potential .
tr	7	" Looks like you fellows shorted the market at a good time , " Gabe called out in a congenial tone .
tr	11	He seemed lost in thought for a moment , as if considering the source .
tr	9	I killed a man who raped my sister .
tr	6	Chapter 7 From all their afternoons and evenings together , Earl knew Dante hated surprises .
tr	11	It 's just that ... and remember , you said you understood , you said more than anyone , you understood .
tr	7	Rick lowered her quickly to the ground , " Stay with me , girls ! "
tr	11	But I still had a dose of happiness , considering that Abby remained with me .
tr	5	" Nah , it 's all science .
tr	7	Better hide it up high in his bedroom closet .
tr	6	After the third such farm , Jake turned down a dirt road and slowed .
tr	11	He turned away quickly when he saw her eyes were damp .
tr	11	If you are willing to trust me , do so .
tr	9	It 's a fast paced novel that any age with imagination could enjoy .
tr	8	She had been there a few times in the past two years and it was safely behind the fighting lines .
tr	6	In one arm she held a pink dog carrier and in the other an oversized Louis Vuitton tote bag .
tr	11	Silence followed his question , and just that quickly he knew something was wrong .
tr	11	George ... ... as far as the Irish side is concerned it 's not that difficult .
tr	6	At the door , he pulled back a window curtain and peered out .
tr	7	Thank you for your advice , I love you . "
tr	6	Intelligent girl , sure of herself , and well bred , he thought , not country .
tr	7	Along the seashore , elevated high above the buildings was a stone castle with a green garden .
tr	9	demanded Thomas , his eyes emitting a fearful gaze as he shoved her up onto the dusty beams .
tr	8	And what sort of government can we expect ? "
tr	7	I 've heard of it .
tr	8	We will need the extra warmth and by the end of tomorrow we should be on the other side . "
tr	7	I spoke nothing more of my family , and another year passed . "
tr	7	But then the crocodile totally unexpectedly snapped his jaws in the air and swam off in the opposite direction .
tr	9	" Sure , " Ricky said bouncing up and running down into the kitchen .
tr	9	Metal bits along with fleshy interior parts spray in all directions while the rest crumbles to the deck .
tr	9	Adam was going to kill him !
tr	7	After thanking Mr. Rose , they exited Hangar Eight for Hangar Nine nearby .
tr	8	Why don 't you call this woman and tell her you stumbled across her husband at the lost and found .
tr	6	Even the carpet along the corridor was faded and musty .
tr	8	He tried hard and he felt it move .
tr	8	Now just out of reach , the box is barely visible atop the oddly shaped pillar .
tr	6	" ' Tis no matter , lad . "
tr	7	The girl stopped crying , sniffing .
tr	10	I said , " Pick me up a bottle of Makers Mark if you see one ? "
tr	9	" I was looking for you while Alex took her bath . "
tr	8	I couldn 't get into my old uniform if I tried .
tr	9	" I 'm pretty sure he 's right .
tr	9	When he stopped coughing he muttered , " The Marseille Fruit Company . "
tr	8	She elbowed Alejo roughly , face sizzling with chagrin .
tr	9	I moved to block this , but before I could , he threw a solid swing on my left .
tr	8	It was to his credit , considering the stories about the Wilds .
tr	7	Powerful wizards now journey from below the wastelands . "
tr	9	Later he was seen riding out of camp . "
tr	8	" Not bad for a jet without wings , Lieutenant .
tr	8	Its ratty tail elongated , turning hairless and also growing scales .
tr	10	It took a few minutes of quiet hugging and tears before the lady let go of her son .
tr	9	As we both rounded the corner , to Alita 's surprise , I had disappeared .
tr	6	All his men were accounted for .
tr	10	" But she jumped when the door handle shook .
tr	8	She was still my friend , and this was goodbye , possibly forever .
tr	10	He didn 't know what Finan 's thoughts had been , but he had seen the troubled expression on his face .
tr	6	" Oh , yes , very happy , " Neil said , nodding .
tr	5	" And for the last time , it wasn 't your fault . "
tr	7	He went on , " Did Jesus really die or was he just in a coma ?
tr	8	This new information will give the computers a more exact reentry map and slope through the atmosphere .
tr	9	" I need to get back to the group .
tr	9	I 've been on the move and living in the shadows ever since .
tr	11	Ares began to pace in front of the apprentices .
tr	6	" You 're all insane , " the Prince said .
tr	9	CHAPTER TWO It happened sometime during their first night .
tr	10	Two of the dogs were right below Ted and trying their best to climb the wall .
tr	11	His aura was an unpleasant pea soup color that was turning to gray .
tr	8	Though mostly buried , the part that was visible was about fifty feet long from end-to-end .
tr	6	He took another breath , and the memories retreated further .
tr	11	She saw me and frantically began struggling in a desperate attempt to free herself .
tr	6	She 's our office receptionist , customer service rep , multi-lingual interpreter , computer whiz , and bouncer . "
tr	6	he said , with hope in his voice .
tr	10	" Warrior , Maya is going to hook up with you . "
tr	8	I looked her over , from her newly done up hair to the high heels .
tr	9	" Take one step out of this room and you 're leaving here in a body bag , " Jacob shouted .
tr	8	I know you saw them . "
tr	5	" Good evening , Mme de Chartres , " her father-in-law said .
tr	10	I came so close to giving everything ... If I could have done it , I would have banished that woman .
tr	9	Is there anything else you need to know ? "
tr	5	" Yes , he was , " came the honest reply .
tr	10	I couldn 't wait to get home and open that package .
tr	11	" I think we need to give it some time .
tr	5	' Ah , yes , ' Miss Level trilled , completely adrift .
tr	7	After the yelling stopped , the men 's amusement vanished and they focused on their task .
tr	10	The bonds are set for another couple of years and are paying you out about $ 3,000 a year .
tr	6	" Why are you in such a hurry ?
tr	8	At least that way we can hold them up for a while and the children will be saved . "
tr	8	They blades were black as night , but they shone like normal steel .
tr	7	He had taken a puncture wound deep in the chest .
tr	7	A series of words and symbols wrapped around the collar , they appeared dark against the polished silver .
tr	11	The fear of not knowing what is happening or if it will ever stop .
tr	9	He just sat there as the family waited around us .
tr	8	He frowned then stopped the truck .
tr	11	" We use migrant workers to carry the stuff over the border in small quantities . " "
tr	8	As he approached the bar Billy was ordering a drink and Takeo was again shadowing his movements .
tr	7	I yelled at her , turning suddenly .
tr	10	" I guess I could do that , " Taylor laughed .
tr	8	Neil shot off across the sand towards the cliff wall .
tr	9	He has to come to us .
tr	10	They all believed he had defied the odds and made it .
tr	10	" Regardless of whether it was right or not , I care because I have to care .
tr	8	" Tell who what ? "
tr	8	I went to investigate and took a few men with me .
tr	10	" You won 't be able to do it .
tr	10	You fought on when you should have ran . "
tr	6	He sounded like an idiot .
tr	10	I want to see this finished . "
tr	7	US warplanes ... over 100 dead ... baby daughter was slain .
tr	9	A wish to die a particularly nasty death .
tr	8	" I will find them , I promise you that and they will die at my feet . "
tr	11	I think you can start getting yourself up soon . "
tr	7	Better , in fact , than Flaherty had hoped .
tr	9	Want to know something else ?
tr	9	The range , accuracy and rate of fire of a proper war bow was vastly superior to that of any musket .
tr	7	' They came from nowhere , ' he finally said hoarsely .
tr	9	That ringing started to got higher , until boom .
tr	11	There was nothing I could do for him .
tr	8	Episode 23 Every terminal and communications capable connected piece of hardware came on in a chorus of synchronized sound .
tr	11	The news took a while to fully sink into the minds of the soon to be parents .
tr	11	She could feel the numbness that was surrounding her .
tr	9	" Haven 't you guessed yet ?
tr	10	It was the true warrior who led his troops into battle .
tr	6	Like a newborn babe -- and that he was -- the child knew only its pain and its insatiable need .
tr	5	Besides , a little fasting never hurt anyone .
tr	6	" But Bickel assured me ... " " Yeah , " Timberlake said , " and he probably believed it .
tr	8	He leaned forward and before I could officially object , he kissed me .
tr	10	she answers trying to sound serious .
tr	7	The woman , peering at him for a few further moments , volunteered succinctly , " Name 's Betsy Wilkerson .
tr	9	For the first time since they had met she had no clue what he was talking about .
tr	6	A Perfect Child Two weeks after New Year celebrations Catherine gave birth to a little girl in Balmain hospital .
tr	7	" So you just can 't do it , it 's not an option . "
tr	7	Annie 's Variety has just about the best in town . "
tr	5	The second , third , fourth , fifth and sixth .
tr	10	I dig deeper , discovering tiny gold flakes caught up in the caramel mix .
tr	10	There could be any number of players on each side .
tr	6	" The Raging Host has come , " said Ty , breaking off his counting briefly .
tr	5	She sighed heavily then looked out the window .
tr	9	As long as they can 't find you , they can 't stop you . "
tr	9	Through the hole and looking ahead of him is a long tube with a hatch at the end .
tr	9	I feel like I can trust you . "
tr	10	I asked Connie to get her crew rounded up and into the conference room .
tr	10	Alas , he discovered to his dismay that the book had remarkable powers of somnolence .
tr	9	Then a stream of water shot up into the air from the patch of ground she had already damaged .
tr	8	" Yes , you did , " answered the Angel , " and in a very real way . "
tr	10	She had told them there would be seven eggs and there were only six to be found .
tr	7	After grabbing a quick bite , I showered and got into bed .
tr	6	" Like a short ... err , blue rat ... kangaroo I suppose . . "
tr	10	" He was probably aiming for you before you jumped on Jolie .
tr	10	If they 'd killed him , they 'd have been on us before we knew it . "
tr	7	During this period the daughters took a very intelligent and adult position in relation to their husbands .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " Agent Williams said .
tr	6	" Afternoon , Rich , " Jack replied with a grin .
tr	5	" Nein , Herr Major , " was the response .
tr	6	As he spoke , Bax produced the envelope from its hiding place in his boot .
tr	7	Gan wanted her to understand .
tr	11	Still wobbly , he decided to lean his back against the wall for support .
tr	10	I wondered if it might be worth filming .
tr	7	Looking around , he saw a mass of gorse bushes to one side .
tr	6	A strong simple steel sword without any adornment rested beside the throne however .
tr	9	The three of us in this room happen to fall into that rather elite group . "
tr	11	She gasped as she turned to face it .
tr	9	The roaring fire was boiling out a thick column of black smoke and sending it skyward .
tr	8	When she lifted her eyes to glance at him , he could only see relief .
tr	10	I 'd hate for you to get lost . "
tr	10	They could run away while the Tenacious was getting help .
tr	10	' I can 't say I 've heard the name before .
tr	9	Steve arrived at the house excited about his first mission as a secret agent .
tr	9	" You 've heard my name of course , but I do not have the honor of yours . "
tr	7	" Like I said , " he went on , " she had some real testosterone built up .
tr	9	All the lights stayed green and both men sighed with relief .
tr	6	A little thin , perhaps , but well-dressed and neatly kept .
tr	7	He looked away , avoiding the piercing eyes .
tr	8	" I know I winged you , too .
tr	10	" Yes , dear , I will be fine once we reach your father 's house . "
tr	9	Lord Brogan and Rafe talked it through and decided that it was the best way . "
tr	8	" So we are good to go ? "
tr	6	About , oh , eight months ago , someone 's door malfunctioned , and the powers-that-be never knew .
tr	8	We turned around to an old man in a dirty flannel t-shirt -- flannel , really ?
tr	9	I shook my head , pressed the button to lower my window and drove away .
tr	8	" Understand Mr. Ward , there are several liquid gases needed for space flight .
tr	11	" And may they be watching over you as well , and your family . "
tr	11	I stepped out from behind the bush , my feet itching to run .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry , but you haven 't seen that cage swinging in the high wind .
tr	7	Smoke from the musket fire was filling the room , and the enemy shot volley after volley into our group .
tr	10	Alex could beat her in those too , but chose to enter the distance races for freestyle and butterfly .
tr	5	Trembling , he gradually stood and let out a huge sigh .
tr	10	It was dry , however , where she was sitting , and Neil squatted beside her .
tr	7	The idea brought a new chill of shock .
tr	6	God , but it stinks in here . "
tr	5	A drug lap and operation right in my own school .
tr	6	" It 's really weird , " Jodie commented .
tr	5	" And what of the girl ? "
tr	6	The stranger lowered his hand , then opened it slowly .
tr	10	' I love what you 've done with the place . '
tr	9	Can 't we all at least sit down and eat , and talk like human beings ? "
tr	6	Any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	7	In a swift motion , he grabs my neck and claps his hand over my mouth .
tr	6	Wes , run the target allocation macro and send it out . "
tr	9	This was a rather complicated maneuver , as his hands were tied as well .
tr	6	Men in uniform rushed at me from all sides .
tr	5	Her long waist and long legs gave her body a flowing athletic line .
tr	10	But the road will not be easy ; do not let yourselves be overcome by fear or temptation .
tr	11	He remembered the street , confident that the vending machines would lead him home .
tr	5	A girl and a boy , voices raised and angry , standing somewhere near the back door .
tr	10	It meant the risk of being seen but there could be no other path to choose .
tr	7	And if I was honest ?
tr	6	" My lord ... " " I said leave !
tr	10	That would explain why it looks too long , " Melody said .
tr	10	She relished the weight of her children sleeping against her sides each night .
tr	8	" She wasn 't carrying Liquid Light and we can prove it with that paper . "
tr	9	We 've got to surprise them ourselves .
tr	10	They had all their classes together this year , which had made the year much easier for the trio .
tr	7	A pillar far below is the obvious choice as he narrowly lines up the portal in time .
tr	8	Organs ruptured in the giant 's torso from the power of the blows .
tr	9	' It 's good to see you again . '
tr	11	A while after takeoff , a female agent had led Josie to a private room in the back of the plane .
tr	9	Low on ... fuel , Should be near ... Sumatra by now .
tr	7	After some time , this impromptu but consistently beautiful music , almost of its own accord , came to an end .
tr	8	You must tell me about your achievements last term , " she said .
tr	8	After the venue emptied of fans they mucked in with their punitive crew packing their equipment away .
tr	7	When completed , he rinsed again and sterilized the entire area with the alcohol .
tr	8	" They 've ... He 's ... Martin 's dead ? "
tr	10	Yet even as she assured herself she winced , knowing it to be a lie .
tr	5	Special Firearms Officers Shelley , Patel , Smith , Loach and Bailey followed her .
tr	11	You must have trodden in an area fertile with spores .
tr	5	" You two are the light crew .
tr	10	He took off running downstream , splashing and bellowing as he went .
tr	7	She 'd quickly packed a bag and left .
tr	5	' Sir , ' he said , ' I am here . '
tr	9	But no one seems to like him -- " He stopped .
tr	6	Scott slowed the truck 's speed to twenty .
tr	5	but not on the beach . "
tr	5	" Well , maybe it wasn 't that long .
tr	5	" And five hundred and fifty thousand dollars , " I said baldly .
tr	6	" No puking , got it , " Tasha said over enthusiastically , two thumbs up .
tr	9	The coroner 's van pulled into the yard followed by the crime scene investigation unit .
tr	9	Only a dozen structures lost amongst a population of fifty or more .
tr	7	" I 've lost enough .
tr	10	" Is there somewhere we can talk privately ?
tr	10	He heard another low throaty growl and knew the bear was close by .
tr	11	A monster they have brought out of the catacombs to aid them !
tr	8	The onyx ax swept upward in an arch , and then plunged toward the Prince 's chest .
tr	10	If you need to talk use the computer but turn the screen to face the wall .
tr	11	" I was just trying to kill two birds with one stone , so to speak .
tr	7	Look closely , they don 't end there , it 's erased ! "
tr	10	" Who wants to join us for brunch ? "
tr	9	Sarah pulled her sweater tighter around her and went to check the stove .
tr	11	† † † It was the year 1641 on the south coast of Portugal .
tr	5	" Power , I imagine , " Ryker 's voice gained some strength .
tr	11	It hit them hard ; I wonder what else they might witness on that thing ? "
tr	7	He gurgled as he fell .
tr	8	He repeated the order more forcefully and someone started to speak .
tr	11	Barney had been doing a lot of that over the past few days , since the day Chris had introduced them .
tr	6	" You can 't do that . "
tr	9	I said as I gripped a canister in my hand .
tr	11	She sounded surprised I had called .
tr	10	It is warm in here , isn 't it ? "
tr	5	Behind him a deep , Negro voice said , " Okay , Jeb .
tr	9	Get what I 'm saying girl ?
tr	8	Brand awoke in the light of a blazing fire .
tr	8	Therefore , I ran to my room crying the hell out .
tr	8	The glass was all over the side lawn , it had been broken from the inside .
tr	9	But , he thought , there is still time to turn back .
tr	7	Andre then spoke something in Russian to Babushka and the old woman reached her hands for Connor .
tr	10	The ADF sponsored Adrian to return to university and study Information Technology .
tr	9	We 're going to need that .
tr	10	" Warrior , I need you to get into translocation range , " Aria orders .
tr	8	" This is nowhere close to the impact or even the secondaries that we saw .
tr	7	Hands reached through my earthy tomb and dragged me into a clear space .
tr	9	Taylor jumped out of the car and ran over to assess the situation .
tr	9	She held her breath and listened for sounds of pursuit , but heard none .
tr	9	McCutcheon had obviously put a note in Mike 's file , advising automatic acceptance .
tr	9	Each day ended with a comfortable goodnight , and each day began with Elaina 's cheerful " Good morning ! "
tr	10	" I 'd bet you a day 's water that they came from home .
tr	5	The Village of Autumn , The Mine District , The Fourth Realm .
tr	5	" Ah , so glad you 're here , Mr. Darnell .
tr	9	" I 'm just glad you 're alright . "
tr	8	I 've been running for a long time . '
tr	5	The black creatures and their kind were much too close .
tr	8	" Thanks , Roberto , " she whispered , feeling loved and cozy with the ample affection .
tr	6	Here 's a hint , it ain 't got a head anymore . "
tr	9	Ok , great , I 'll go ahead and pass that bit of wisdom along . "
tr	9	There was only one way this was ending .
tr	6	With drums and percussion down they started on bass ; thus began the next disagreement .
tr	10	In one moment , all identity had been discarded within the anonymity of the plaster masks .
tr	10	" That 's why I had to laugh . "
tr	5	Did you see or hear anything ? "
tr	9	The security agent meanwhile trailed Connor as soon as he left the bar .
tr	6	The squirrels on the spits were done and still smelled delicious .
tr	8	She was almost to the main door when it opened and a small group of officers walked in .
tr	6	" They don 't actually know , " said Ethan .
tr	9	" I used to be beautiful , " Lance tells himself .
tr	5	" What odd names , " the little boy commented .
tr	8	" Years ago lightning struck the building 's roof , " he continued , looking quickly at the church .
tr	5	Most importantly , he had the resources .
tr	8	He shot at us on our date and at the park too -- as a warning to me . "
tr	9	I hope you 'll check them out .
tr	8	He was on his way for his early morning workout .
tr	10	Besides , it 's what I would do myself , especially since that tunnel is forbidden . "
tr	6	The dark clouds had vanished , and new white and silver clouds took their place .
tr	7	The Prince was already three feet up and continuing .
tr	10	" Damian ... I want ... I want to apologize for the past days .
tr	9	" There are a few arrangements to make , so I will contact you in the next few days . "
tr	9	If anything should happen to me before you return .
tr	8	He said confidently , standing at her shoulder .
tr	8	As they moved outdoors , Miriam maneuvered her way to Neil 's side and whispered , " Neil !
tr	7	We 're outnumbered and outgunned , but this information presents us with a unique opportunity . "
tr	9	" Simon , you are as brave and kind as your dad is , " Candice found herself saying .
tr	9	The parking lot was a crater with several cars randomly strewn about .
tr	8	He supports the boy 's weight , and his face is set with grim determination .
tr	10	Mariposa was agitated by what she had heard .
tr	10	He felt like he was choking on the fumes .
tr	8	He started to eat and then thought of something .
tr	9	They all agreed , possibly in anticipation of Tsubasa picking up the tab .
tr	10	That 's to help you remember , " he snarled .
tr	8	Was she wasting time daydreaming about a renewed future ?
tr	8	His limbs thickened , forming clawed paws at the ends .
tr	9	" We should be 25 meters from the cave entrance now ! "
tr	8	a small voice queried from the other side of the door .
tr	9	Even though he was standing still now , he could still hear the wood scraping along the pavement .
tr	6	( " Not one , not two , but three kidney machines , " he was saying .
tr	11	He was very pleased with the way the JP elections had gone .
tr	11	I swear I could see it staring at me .
tr	6	Air brakes deployed ... one second ... two seconds ... air brakes in .
tr	6	" It 's fine , " he says .
tr	11	As he was about to get up a thought occurred to him .
tr	9	It left me sick to my stomach and brought back memories best forgotten .
tr	8	They were sitting rather close , Rafe reflected .
tr	10	" What sort of change of plans , Craig ? "
tr	10	I walked through the cooking compartment , and left the unit mumbling some distasteful phrases of my own .
tr	10	Iris lifted her face and was surprised to see them .
tr	8	Upon hearing the struggled words , Jimmy grabbed his hand radio out of his pocket and tried contacting Berta .
tr	7	" What do you see on Laurence ?
tr	7	' No Alex , my place is here to try and finish what I started . '
tr	9	It looks like our boy is taking a trip .
tr	10	Maybe I was doing a wrong thing with Laurence , to become the future Miss Mill , Abigail Mill .
tr	11	Lord Brogan 's voice wafted across the room from where he was seated behind the heavy table .
tr	9	The blast caught Loc fully in the chest and sent him flying backward almost ten feet .
tr	7	I 'll stop you myself !
tr	7	" This is messed up , " Kendall said , breaking the silence .
tr	8	" General , " said Nathan , feeling the old suspicion coming back .
tr	9	" Pee in the corner if you have to , " he whispers to the rabbit .
tr	7	They were going to Paris .
tr	9	Aria asks her voice sounding slightly mechanical due to the mask .
tr	6	" Just think , Eda , what an adventure it will be ! "
tr	5	" Oh , as real as another , " said his mother , indifferently .
tr	8	President Philips walked slowly back up towards the surface , his load much heavier than it was before .
tr	10	She would make enough for all three of their meals today .
tr	9	" Have you ever considered ending it by retaliating ? "
tr	5	" Please , rise , my lady , " the queen said .
tr	10	Raven forcibly laughed , concealing what he had saw .
tr	11	Beaten , broken , barely recognizable , he had lain wrapped in chains for millennia .
tr	6	' You lie , ' proclaimed Charlie , taking a bold step forward .
tr	6	" So , with that in mind , be nice to people .
tr	8	the Prince asked , motioning to the armor .
tr	5	In secret , below the surface , there were twenty-five weavers .
tr	8	Reid looked down at her without a trace of remorse on his face .
tr	7	The lead agent considered the president 's command for a heartbeat , and then sprang into action .
tr	8	There was no flight log , no orders or manifests ; nothing at all .
tr	8	' The good news is that it isn 't cancer ' .
tr	10	She would be able to gain his trust .
tr	8	" OK , watch him for a few days ; see if he takes it off .
tr	7	And then I was in a city , a bizarre , a coastline , a mountaintop , and a factory .
tr	6	Ted let the vehicle coast to a stop just before the gate .
tr	8	At the man 's words , the crowd began milling inside , and our group was carried along in its wake .
tr	7	" Boys , " Nathan began and inwardly cringed at the word .
tr	10	Julienne realizes her mouth has fallen open .
tr	9	" I 'm back , " 007 declared , jogging up to William 's desk .
tr	8	He had to find out .
tr	7	I 'd been doing it .
tr	10	Everything ached and she felt like she 'd swallowed a beach .
tr	10	Surely you 're not going to try and mix it with the murder squad .
tr	6	And if not an artist , then certainly a critic . "
tr	7	After a moment of silence , the girl pushed herself away from the wall .
tr	10	And I 'm not sure if we should even be doing it . "
tr	7	Taking the various train routes and walking along highways , we assembled near the palace .
tr	5	" Monkeys and typewriters , " he added scornfully .
tr	11	Cobb pointed toward the peg he had scraped and went on .
tr	10	You have something far more serious in mind , am I right ? '
tr	8	" Fun stories , adventures , travels ... If we get back , I can grab them for you . "
tr	11	" Well this devil has a lot to confess , so who knows , " said Jacob .
tr	8	I want you to understand her , how strong she was , and how loving .
tr	10	Snapping its deceptive mouth shut , Mai is blinked out of existence inside the submerged monster 's hungry mouth .
tr	9	" What did he need to forgive Yang for ?
tr	9	" We have to move the crusade up , " he told Gabriel , still pacing .
tr	10	" What are you going to do about Sidney ? "
tr	9	I was starting to doubt his intellect .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes withdrew the knife and put it back in the hot bear oil .
tr	7	" Mara is a extraordinary psychologist Lars , she can help you a lot . "
tr	9	Oh bugger , was that meant to be a joke ?
tr	5	' Err , yeah , we stopped by . '
tr	9	" It sounds like one of the Old One 's , " Uncle Jeff said more to himself than the boys .
tr	5	In his opinion , they are silly and messy , even artificial ones . "
tr	8	They 'd gone for some replacements , she supposed .
tr	6	On the redwood deck , Greg Sloan ground out his cigar , stood and did a full body stretch .
tr	11	They determined that the legend should be interpreted figuratively .
tr	6	" What the shit , " Cera threw her hands in the air , still in disbelief .
tr	9	The stone powdered away as if it were nothing more than spun sugar .
tr	5	" And just so you know , the invaders are always the bad guys .
tr	10	I arranged for my contact to meet us here .
tr	10	" Are you sure there were no Unknowns on it ? "
tr	9	Jesus Christ 's arrival on earth was a source of great joy for mankind .
tr	9	" As usual the map 's no bloody good to man nor beast , " whispered Downer .
tr	6	" And Melissa worked for Land Surveyors Incorporated at the time ? "
tr	10	I must have looked skeptical because he went on .
tr	9	" Are we going to jump ? "
tr	7	Neil drew her into the room and closing the door .
tr	10	Franco Salazar was dead , and he couldn 't say he was sorry .
tr	7	" Matthew and I will be safe enough there , and besides , I have friends .
tr	8	5 out of 5 stars " Wonderful , engaging story " " Wonderful , engaging story by a talented writer .
tr	9	We blame the Veils , call them evil , but they were born out the lies that you created .
tr	9	' You 're interview responses are awful . '
tr	7	Somewhere in the distance she could hear John yelling and then everything went peacefully black .
tr	8	" So far I am not doing a very fine job of it . "
tr	9	He lifted his video camera , putting on his best fake newscaster voice .
tr	7	This little girl had been in these mountains for five years ?
tr	7	Then there was an explosion , and Germans and pieces of Germans flew through the air .
tr	7	She lifted her chin high , but removed her hand from the door , and went inside .
tr	10	At this point a parachute would be deployed to slow down the fall .
tr	7	Little squares of golden light spilled from the windows and stretched to elongated rectangles across the back lawn .
tr	10	Any semblance of patience that he had left was completely gone .
tr	5	" It never is , " Kate 's voice held both sympathy and understanding .
tr	7	Months went by without any news .
tr	9	She ate until she was full , the delicious food a welcome treat to her palate .
tr	7	Luckily , Jacob spotted him from across the lobby .
tr	7	The ends of the two other blades , jutting up at forty-five degree angles , were just as ragged .
tr	9	I glanced back and again everyone was swinging their heads all around .
tr	6	Pulling his shoes on , he ran to the door into the companionway .
tr	6	Oh that 's right , you aren 't really a bird , you 're a lizard .
tr	8	Toby was on his feet now , pacing around the study , his pulse racing .
tr	7	Don 't forget the cookout Sunday afternoon and for your information , there will be real beef steaks ! "
tr	10	Although scientists believe it is solid , they can 't be certain .
tr	6	Even through the ups and downs though , they stuck together and their marriage became stronger .
tr	7	He looked at the bandage , bulbous and barbaric on the poor soldier 's leg .
tr	9	" This is the kind of area only very dedicated hunters or foresters come to .
tr	9	The swings were gently swaying and the snow had blown little piles of downy drifts onto the seats .
tr	9	Horrible enough to cause slight mental impairment .
tr	6	But it was more than that .
tr	11	" How old do you have to be to play ? "
tr	6	" Out here , even a small amount of force can move a huge object .
tr	8	He had forgotten the wounded woman on the floor .
tr	9	The man obviously thought this a strange question for a major to be asking a captain .
tr	5	" But , but ... " I couldn 't finish .
tr	7	" Her governess won 't mind two more young inquisitive minds . "
tr	7	Moments later Steve came out of the office with the blanket and a white box .
tr	9	' I spoke to a couple of her neighbours , a Mr Harrison from 8B and Mrs Garcia from 10A . '
tr	8	I started to speak , but a voice from behind called to me .
tr	10	Thus it is to God that one should also turn for help .
tr	11	It took us twelve minutes to get to the Hauptbahnhof on the tram .
tr	11	We saw three trucks leaving with food filled up to the crest .
tr	5	" We can 't , " he decides .
tr	7	The girl was born for this .
tr	8	" Heard you was under the weather , Barney , " Pickett said .
tr	7	At the station before us , a single , small locomotive puffed steam into the air .
tr	5	" Oh , well , yes , I guess so . "
tr	7	The door by my head is wrenched open .
tr	5	" Come in , Mrs. Tiller , " the principal waved her in .
tr	8	The big man seemed to relax a little .
tr	8	He was none of those things now : he was a potential cheat and a coward .
tr	6	" My crew is the largest , " Laurence said , " and we have eight rifles .
tr	7	Together they saw a lot of action in the jungle .
tr	8	A mistake he does not intend to repeat .
tr	8	I will get out of the car , " replied Simon , feeling weird talking to a computer .
tr	10	Miriam flew downstairs , but when she returned , out of breath , Mana held out a sketchbook .
tr	11	He knew their fears though he thought they were unfounded .
tr	10	Trojan Keeper or not , I couldn 't figure out if he was an ally or an enemy .
tr	11	It is just the first day when things are hidden from you . "
tr	11	You know , remember a scene that doesn 't chronologically fit with the narrative ? "
tr	6	But I do miss him .
tr	7	For my part , I piled blankets and furs on the floorboards and nested among them .
tr	9	I thought it was amazing , so many guys ready to follow God . "
tr	8	There was no-one near us , only a few headlights far off around the slight curve in the road .
tr	11	" Well , what are you up to today , Kobi ? "
tr	11	She was tense too , understanding that we were wary .
tr	7	The leader of the crew was physically shaking , and a ' suit ' walked smartly in .
tr	7	The next morning at sunrise , everybody snuck out and went to the third floor .
tr	11	At about that same moment , he watched the cops on deck begin poking each other and pointing .
tr	7	I promise you that at least . '
tr	6	The whole thing , the caves , and Jimmy 's disappearance weighed heavily upon him .
tr	7	" I 'm grateful all the same , " he said .
tr	6	" it is no big deal , it all belongs to him after all . .
tr	7	She stayed very near her dad up the stairs , down the dark hallway , and into the bedroom .
tr	10	he shouted as he began to fade .
tr	8	Nothing can prepare a man or woman for such responsibility .
tr	5	" Oh , hello , Detective " the Wolf replied .
tr	9	I think he likes it over there . "
tr	8	Rafe did not turn from his task but became even more intently focused upon it .
tr	7	The irony was not completely lost on him .
tr	5	No , no , of course not , " she said quickly .
tr	7	don 't bust it there 's a good chap .
tr	7	Eleven days since their last reentry , the C-5 left terra firma for the next flight up to 50,000 feet .
tr	11	He did not need to stop when the air cooled .
tr	8	Their dark clothing hugged their bodies and they had scarves tied around their heads like pirates .
tr	11	" You don 't seem surprised to see us , " Gabe says .
tr	8	" I think they like you being here ? "
tr	5	" Your fake British accent isn 't much better . "
tr	9	Or , maybe your papa is already working at bringing your reunion forward . "
tr	6	" Mommy , " he said , his tone suggested embarrassment and annoyance .
tr	10	She wondered why didn 't he mention that tidbit earlier .
tr	9	She didn 't know where to start .
tr	9	Makes it hard to speak . "
tr	7	He said to Bradley , " I agree , it was not like you at all .
tr	7	" This is my home , yes , " Rupert said thoughtfully .
tr	5	I had a very pleasant childhood . "
tr	7	We just got back to the ship , the first quest was difficult , we found the lost god Od .
tr	8	" Kid , we are in an underground section of the MI6 .
tr	7	The Lincoln headed south and merged with the morning traffic on the I-295 North .
tr	7	Her eyes held a hint of fear .
tr	7	He had turned away , and his voice was no longer detectable .
tr	7	" Anna won 't catch us , " said Hiro , slamming his fists to his knees .
tr	8	She said , " It 's tempting but what Captain Bright says makes sense .
tr	6	" The informant , a Monsieur Gascoigne , will meet you there .
tr	7	For a fraction of a second Lilly Ann was thrown off balance .
tr	8	He was surprised too , that his throat worked .
tr	9	Once the sun starts moving south , our time will have passed for this year .
tr	8	When he saw one he would dart at it with all viciousness , shaking his rattles .
tr	11	" Okay , Mom , she 's about to be murdered in the basement , right ? "
tr	9	I glanced at the sky again before walking out of the alley .
tr	6	" You 're very busy , what with all that paperwork . "
tr	5	" Here 's fate , up high directing things .
tr	10	" You killed him , " giggled the tarantula , " what did you expect ? "
tr	10	What is left for you and your team of astronauts and scientists to do ?
tr	9	They sat around the kitchen table fresh mugs of tea in their hands .
tr	8	Only one of you need be chained to her at a time , now .
tr	9	He kept on looking at me .
tr	8	They would be fed and clothed while their service lasted .
tr	8	He gave me a kiss on my cheek , and then opens the car door , like a gentleman .
tr	7	Carlos likewise stood up and left in awkward silence .
tr	7	His shouts and cackles were directed toward the fleeing men below .
tr	7	But then she caught herself and angrily kicked herself into reality .
tr	8	He raised his eyebrows and said , " Can I help you ? "
tr	10	All that 's left is to find what I need . "
tr	6	And Mana is right -- Neil is very nice .
tr	11	What is it about him that affects you so ? "
tr	9	He inserted a large key into a lock on one and opened it .
tr	7	Two close friends of his have been murdered recently .
tr	6	His own foolish words from that day filled his head now .
tr	9	He would tell me to go away .
tr	8	I don 't blame you for today 's events . "
tr	6	" Hey Rid why don 't you try and use your yellow energy or first blast thingy ? "
tr	5	Vehicle four 81 mm mortar rounds and the complete 81 mm mortar system .
tr	8	Just sort of knocking about , you know . "
tr	7	" You two must be exhausted , " said a voice from behind Frank and Maggie .
tr	8	Don 't let me kill my brother .
tr	10	" Oh I think you 'll get an apology all right , " Stephens replied .
tr	11	I just didn 't have enough time to think of a better plan .
tr	8	All notions of faithfulness to his dead wife had been discarded months ago .
tr	7	The infectious zombie fallout slowly dissipated and the huge cloud of white smoke started to clear .
tr	9	If I haven 't gotten too much worse at it , the swim itself shouldn 't be a problem .
tr	9	Mark was beginning to get the picture .
tr	11	Then she looked away to the other people that were in the room .
tr	10	The withered thing felt like it was made from paper mache .
tr	11	Do I think I 'm safe .
tr	7	You could barely see it , but it was there .
tr	9	But perhaps the location they represent can , with the right kind of energy or the right device . "
tr	6	Tell me the truth , is she or isn 't she ? "
tr	6	It 's not a comforting revelation but it 's true , nonetheless . "
tr	9	" Allow me to introduce Victoria and Toby Crawford . "
tr	9	It was clear , however , that his thoughts were elsewhere .
tr	9	Instead I sauntered off into the room , my hand now gripping the dagger -- the only protection I possessed .
tr	9	It would be a wonderful find . "
tr	7	As they landed , the black creature struck his head against a rock and was gone .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	8	" If you roped in you could take one of those new radios .
tr	11	Hmm , I guess Peter 's not anymore because of what happened . "
tr	7	' I won 't let you down , Andrew , ' said the Sheriff now alone with the patient .
tr	11	Small viewing terminals were placed around the room displaying data for the scientists to read and analyse .
tr	10	She could not have done that however much she liked him .
tr	7	Fifteen minutes later the motley crew shared a welcome and unexpectedly delicious meal under the open sky .
tr	8	Another growl , this one more of a cry and the bear responded with a warbling growl .
tr	10	' I know , the recorded percussion did it all , ' Danny said .
tr	8	Simon could remember many things about his life during those years .
tr	11	Just then they heard the grinding noise again which must be the dam door being closed , thought Harold .
tr	8	Noah spit the cricket into Bump 's face and then scuffed sand into his eyes .
tr	10	asks Madame , turning to face me .
tr	11	She was as lost s she could be .
tr	11	Victory and defeat were measured in nothing but an increased capacity for inhumanity .
tr	9	If I didn 't straighten out the story , she 'd have us married before we left .
tr	7	I so wasn 't in the mood for his ' tude .
tr	7	" He 's been this late before , " she said .
tr	11	The black creatures knew there were travelers in the valley and one had been injured .
tr	8	Our cover is that we 're hikers . "
tr	7	She was just bathing in his revelation .
tr	8	It should only take an hour or so with the wire . "
tr	11	She had to fight the shivers running through her .
tr	10	From amongst them emerged a group of men dressed mostly in utilitarian black .
tr	5	" I 'm pretty much gushing . "
tr	11	She had to see that I was alive and well .
tr	9	Riki darted back to him and pointed to a long outcropping of rocks .
tr	6	Please forgive my actions , sir , I mistook you for thieves . "
tr	10	Isn 't making obscene amounts of money and being worldly famous enough for those people ?
tr	5	" Yes , Dr. Cunningham joined a short while ago .
tr	8	When Mr. Singer was reading the role list he didn 't understand it at all .
tr	9	See how easy that was ?
tr	11	' What are the sleeping arrangements is Calvin on the settee ? '
tr	7	The man covering her extended a hand and helped her to her feet .
tr	11	Are you going to kill me ? "
tr	11	So , with nothing but his own assumptions to work with , he plowed ahead anyway .
tr	6	" How did he trust you so quickly ? "
tr	8	This would have been more apt and infinitely less frustrating .
tr	11	Reid and I dropped to the floor and stuck close to the walls , trying not to inhale the gritty air .
tr	6	Go after my dad and mom too . "
tr	9	That could only happen , Jack knew , if his team acted fast .
tr	7	I was stuck in the freezer .
tr	8	She was even making her dress look like a dress again , instead of a shapeless sack .
tr	10	Time will alter what has been woven .
tr	9	But as long as I 'm with my violin , it feels like home .
tr	11	That wasn 't what Mac was worried about , but now wasn 't the time .
tr	10	I redoubled my pace , the soles of my feet loping across the ground like a fleeing stag .
tr	7	He says , in his thick Australian accent , " The first deer 's free , mates . "
tr	5	" No way , man ... it aint happening .
tr	9	The bikes found a section of the wall where the angle increased into a short free fall .
tr	7	" Yes , " Jim said , almost soothingly , " But look at the people along side us .
tr	6	Barney signed the last contract and lay the pen down .
tr	9	All three doctors attending her said she would never walk again .
tr	10	Most of the boys in blue would be lucky , and escape the wild and harried volleys of lead .
tr	9	She was totally responsible for one of her grandsons and supported his spiritual and physical development .
tr	8	He pushed , and they opened inward on oiled hinges .
tr	11	" Do you think you need stitches ? "
tr	7	I got off fast , with Laurence , watching around .
tr	9	I stood and ambled about the room , searching for yet another bottle .
tr	9	What was left of the body was covered in blue tattoos .
tr	6	And then only a Creator could make another arrow . "
tr	7	Perhaps she should work on her story ?
tr	7	You 're innocent , and that is your weakness , but your imagination can be your saviour . "
tr	11	She gave no indications of having heard , but shot back , " Mirai .
tr	10	Those guys she had seen on the mountain -- they would forget about her soon though , right ?
tr	11	I hear you ask , the same thing , ' jump or be pushed ' .
tr	5	As always , Finan , you are correct . "
tr	7	Shock slid the suppressed M4 rifle to the side and produced a small digital camera .
tr	10	He was eager to speak to Richard .
tr	7	Maybe I shouldn 't have worn these pants .
tr	8	The light steadily increased in intensity and shone with all the colours of the rainbow .
tr	6	There must be a thousand possibilities here . "
tr	8	And we 're on a mission for your dad . "
tr	7	He fell in love with Kayla and they got married a month after us .
tr	10	Chris was a snarling blur of gnashing teeth rocketing toward Joe .
tr	10	She shifted her hands in order to get a better grip on the bars .
tr	6	" Okay , big balls , come on , " Ash said to the stud .
tr	9	It 's an incredible thing your father and his team pulled off . "
tr	5	" Oh , you mean the vomiting thing . "
tr	9	Obviously she was dying to show him her supplies .
tr	7	From behind , Arrow and Javelin throw the same kind of energy into the space ahead , simultaneously .
tr	10	With that settled they gathered the few items they had with them and set out .
tr	8	I sat back in the chair and forced myself to relax .
tr	6	" I don 't hate everything . "
tr	9	" And you know how to find mom .
tr	7	Melody had become visibly uncomfortable .
tr	9	Frankly I would feel a lot better about things if you stayed down here . "
tr	10	Ali 's attention snapped back to the present as the wind picked up and the air grew thick with sand .
tr	8	Chris took a moment before saying it out loud .
tr	9	He came closer again , looking at her abdomen , and again he raged , " She is with child ! "
tr	9	As a single tear falls from her cheek , Mai 's lips part to speak her final farewell .
tr	11	" You are good to go from here , " said the voice of Ground Control .
tr	9	The girl raised the white rope -- tied with a fat , squarish knot -- to her mouth .
tr	10	This represented a change from the old naval tactic of ' crossing the T ' .
tr	10	She searched for a sense of excitement at the thought of going home .
tr	6	Raising a finger , dad gave the lemon butter sauce one final whisk and turned off all the burners .
tr	9	The hostel spread out in front of her -- a bespoke built red-brick building .
tr	10	The concern was the obvious link to Indonesia and their pasts in the jungles of Borneo .
tr	10	screamed Alexander who was close by .
tr	5	just the six of them . "
tr	10	Unable to come to any certain conclusions stubbornly drove the thoughts from his mind .
tr	5	Ryan cold and dead and alone .
tr	6	" Well , at least the news hasn 't changed , " Jon says to an empty hospital room .
tr	8	We have a lot to discuss .
tr	5	" We know , Miss Leigh , " Louis agreed .
tr	9	The couple , at the end of their rope , had planned their own deaths and the future of their daughter .
tr	10	All she had to do was find them and take care of the wench .
tr	10	" I got some calls to make . "
tr	7	" Now , come wit ' me , Mr. Greene , the Captain 's waitin ' . "
tr	7	I bounded up the steps , the noise loud in the empty gym and they turned .
tr	8	She saw the shovel smash into the man 's head and then drop uselessly from John 's grip .
tr	8	There was a dagger on his high collar ... what did that mean ?
tr	6	" Come any closer , " the faery said , " and he gets it . "
tr	11	It came as no surprise that King Martin used his knowledge extensively when he first took the throne .
tr	7	After another awkward moment , the one in the middle raised his head and looked up at Chris .
tr	10	Standing in the concrete hallway in the hotel 's basement , they patiently waited for the elevator .
tr	7	She was burning inside and the whole range of her emotions showed down in her eyes .
tr	11	Now can you tell me why I can 't lead it ? "
tr	6	Hopefully this won 't take too long . "
tr	8	My quest is my own and I will force it upon no living being . "
tr	9	Their conversation is interrupted by a knock at the door .
tr	5	" But I just climbed up this huge tree . "
tr	11	We were just starting to learn about the Romans and Gauls and stuff ! "
tr	5	Eleven flights up , behind all this glass , it was only a muffled groan .
tr	7	" Twenty years ago your father was sent on a mission to the Empire . "
tr	11	" Do you believe it was us ? "
tr	11	" I knew he was too old for war , but he didn 't listen , " Mother wept .
tr	6	" What ' cha doin ' ? "
tr	11	Some were pushing to get closer to his side and shake his hand .
tr	9	He kicked his boots into the sides of his horse and was rocketed up the mountainside .
tr	7	Be rid of her indeed !
tr	5	In difficult times , in dark times , some people shine . "
tr	9	He smiled and wondered how the evening would go .
tr	8	Inferno scrambled to his feet , but instead of attacking , he turned to run .
tr	6	Within an hour the injunction had been served .
tr	10	" I think since the bombing last year , his health has gone downhill rapidly , " said Victoria .
tr	7	Hilda spoke from across the room .
tr	10	Heard what I wanted to hear .
tr	9	Manuel didn 't know what to do .
tr	10	I believe you 're out of your depth here .
tr	8	" We should go , " I said , looking at the watch .
tr	11	She 'd probably look back on the experience as the high spot of her year .
tr	6	In his hand , the long carving knife glinted in the sunshine .
tr	11	Scott relayed the information then let Sidney fill in the rest .
tr	5	He knew several great girls .
tr	6	With an uncharacteristic prayer , she opened the door and started down the stairs .
tr	9	He was less nervous already and it came through in the tone of his voice .
tr	8	I can smell the lingering whiffs of salad dressing and burger .
tr	10	" Power to talk to snakes ? "
tr	9	The motive for the shooting is unknown at this time , but authorities suspect illegal drugs are involved .
tr	9	Here she 's done the impossible and apologizes because that 's her limit !
tr	6	Its rocky tail came to an obvious cone at the end .
tr	10	She landed short and began to slide down toward the water below .
tr	10	I 'm sorry for lying to you .
tr	7	I 'd told him I wouldn 't spy on Jolie .
tr	5	" One tequila , two tequila , three tequila , floor ? "
tr	5	" Grand ruined my life .
tr	10	" More fortunate than I can tell you , " he answered .
tr	7	I can 't look at him .
tr	9	We 'll see you boys on Monday . "
tr	11	Walter was silent for so long that Nathan thought everything had failed .
tr	6	' That poor child ' was herself , of course .
tr	5	Chapter Three " Anita , Chloë , this is my roommate Dean . "
tr	9	He greeted him warmly and asked him in for a cup of hot tea .
tr	6	Pulling a rolled washcloth free , she took a deep breath and entered the bathroom .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " Malcolm gasped out .
tr	8	He couldn 't think of anything else to say .
tr	10	" I 'm not gon na hurt you , missus , " Mick said , grinning at her .
tr	11	By their light , however , Miriam could just discern a steep staircase that descended into the dark .
tr	9	Taking her icy cold hand in his , he turned and they began to walk again .
tr	10	' Is that what you think I am ? '
tr	8	There were shelves and shelves of sheets , blankets , towels , soap , and toilet paper .
tr	6	" It 's just a meat machine , " they insist , " a bundle of instincts . "
tr	8	Harald , curiously , came with him ; but he was a notorious user of this filthy den .
tr	6	He dismantled the anemometer spindle too , removed the cups and pocketed them .
tr	7	the Captain knelt in front of the man on the floor .
tr	11	Kurt tossed the keys to the guy , who snatched them from the air .
tr	10	Even if they are there I 'm not going to see them through this .
tr	6	" I love it , " Tori exclaimed and hugged Daniel .
tr	5	Finn , Bria , Owen , Roslyn , Xavier , even Phillip Kincaid , Warren T. Fox , and Cooper Stills .
tr	8	" I knew that you know , " Lilly Ann replied .
tr	7	She squeezed the trigger of the pistol .
tr	10	He ran up and yelled to get the Captain 's attention .
tr	9	" It happens I agree with Tate .
tr	10	I 've got to get moving .
tr	10	She walked half way there when somebody was pushed into her .
tr	10	Well , let 's just presumed that this was just a visit to a friend .
tr	11	" Ok , let 's get back to how you made this work so quickly , Toby , " said William .
tr	9	Who dares to say that ?
tr	11	He searched for ten minutes before Alex finally said , " Dad , what are you looking for ? "
tr	5	" Well , good morning sir , " I said .
tr	11	the Captain said as he picked up the rum bottle to refill their mugs .
tr	8	" Yeah , Josie , you 're more of a man than Carlos is ! "
tr	9	A peal of thunder clapped loudly nearby followed by three more bangs .
tr	10	" I-I 'm glad that you 're here , " he said hoarsely .
tr	8	He remembers the fear , the feeling of certain death all around him .
tr	10	The abuse they had suffered under him had made him easy to forget .
tr	8	Good -- they would only get in the way .
tr	9	" Pretty damn smart , " remarked Sampson while looking at Ethan pointedly .
tr	7	Rick again caught himself staring at the rotating figure .
tr	5	oh yes , I know ... terrible business ... .
tr	9	" I prefer to be called Celeste . "
tr	11	Knowing it is only a matter of time , Link feels his fist ready to give way at any moment .
tr	11	Trae knew his sister was hurting from her father 's rejection .
tr	10	He covered the wound roughly , as if suddenly embarrassed to have shown so much .
tr	7	Anderson smiled openly at Beau and let a breath out , " Exactly .
tr	10	" What ... what do you mean , change ? "
tr	6	We celebrated John 's eleventh birthday this week .
tr	9	You are welcome to join me ! "
tr	11	Pushing in the last piece triggered a tiny mechanism to release a hinge on the side of the box .
tr	6	However , all she said was , " And on you too , Mr. Bernard . "
tr	7	She locked the door behind her and leaned against it , her leg bent seductively , uncovered from her coat .
tr	10	It wasn 't fair for the Sages to take that from you .
tr	7	Josie was worried during all this time .
tr	9	The screen behind her flickered for an instant and the interface was now in English .
tr	9	" Besides , they 're going to die soon . "
tr	7	" Do you hear me , Rafe ? "
tr	9	" Blaming this village for something someone else did . "
tr	9	I thought you were calling the shots ? "
tr	8	Reid finally muttered while he negotiated the evening traffic .
tr	9	Mac wasn 't sure what to say .
tr	7	Each Trojan has an access panel in the bottom left corner .
tr	5	" Of course , sweetie , " she said .
tr	6	The driver door flung open and Angel jumped out with an enormous grin on her face .
tr	8	Chris glanced around and saw disbelief on the men 's faces .
tr	6	His thoughts turned to Gema .
tr	7	said Victor in a frustrated voice .
tr	9	Standing back up , Zelda shifts her gaze back to the woman .
tr	8	The people were so surprised that they could only gasp .
tr	10	He thought she wanted to play ?
tr	9	She had stopped crying by now .
tr	11	" I 'm not going to undress here -- oy , stop that ! "
tr	6	A sudden shout from the front garden brought him to his senses .
tr	9	" I 'm not sure what to do , Jim . "
tr	11	Now what was he supposed to do ?
tr	7	They both ran after Simon as quickly as they could .
tr	6	But something distracted my attention , namely a double-decker red bus .
tr	5	" The kid you were with .
tr	10	They walked on in silence and after a few moments she began to whistle a merry tune under her breath .
tr	9	You 're on the Path of Light , the Prince reminded himself , no need to be uneasy .
tr	10	We took turns soaping each other .
tr	6	But that was a fire precaution and it was a spider !
tr	7	" Not now , " Zelda sighs with aggravation , rolling her eyes .
tr	7	" World domination , for the good guys , " said Victoria , juggling her eyebrows .
tr	8	His strength was sapped and the coat of the wolf was red from the digging talons .
tr	9	The door suddenly creaked as it opens gradually for its visitors .
tr	5	" That 's really creepy . "
tr	7	It was up against me .
tr	8	It should show the same temperature as your suit 's telemetry . "
tr	10	I 'm very tired and can 't wait to go horizontal .
tr	5	" Where 's Kaylie , Dad ? "
tr	8	said Joe as a smiling VIN pulled in next to him .
tr	7	I looked within my own shrouded heart and there , in the last hidden , black corner something stirred .
tr	9	said Ricky looking surprised that Gary was making up his own .
tr	6	" For Poseidon 's sake , Ervin -- he doesn 't know that . "
tr	11	" Do you think this one is pretty ? "
tr	8	She then returned to the stove and served a cup to Connor and poured one for herself .
tr	6	Amnesia or not , I 'm in charge . "
tr	7	See that cross with the castles and the lions ?
tr	8	He asks , never considering the idea until now .
tr	10	" I did hear about your trip to Turkey and I 'm sure it was a successful investment trip .
tr	9	She looks up and hears a hum rising about her .
tr	7	If there 's blood , it will be on their heads . "
tr	6	To their immediate left was the concrete wall of the building .
tr	7	Donovan looked down at the guns and sighed .
tr	6	Yet sadly , it is not enough ; our beloved friends are suffering ; now some are dying .
tr	6	It was a wonderful ending and also a promising beginning .
tr	8	ordered ' Beta ' The naval commander took a few seconds to register the order .
tr	10	She sighed wondering what she 'd missed .
tr	9	Thank you and let 's hope for the best . "
tr	5	" Oh , that , " he said .
tr	8	" Then surely we are safe , for they will not come this way again , will they ? "
tr	9	Standing on the porch he fingered the button under the speaker set into the red brick .
tr	5	well , it doesn 't matter .
tr	6	I grab my phone with a dripping hand .
tr	8	As long as there 's power , they 'll drain it . "
tr	6	Ferns reach out and brush my socks .
tr	5	' Yes , Runes ... Arnold , isn 't it ? '
tr	11	He looked in at what was left of the dashboard .
tr	11	and started asking " Where is he ? "
tr	9	Had to make them count .
tr	5	" No , I don 't , " he said .
tr	7	At first glance one might call it a desert , but even that was far too healthy a title .
tr	7	In addition to this hundreds of searchlights were pointed at the Museum House .
tr	10	Connor stood up and grabbed a light jacket from his bag along with a ball cap .
tr	11	" Why would someone want to stop us from leaving ? "
tr	8	You promised him you would run . "
tr	10	I turned , and again hid my grimace of surprise at the sight .
tr	6	" Well , not exactly a person , " the detective said , and Cassandra and I exchanged glances .
tr	7	" It was done once before , " Maria reminded him .
tr	9	I would say he was pretty unhappy . '
tr	8	The weather during his drive through Tuscany was absolutely perfect .
tr	6	You seem quieter now ... ... . .
tr	11	Kobi , how would you like to become part of this team ?
tr	7	Balancing on one foot , he pulled off first one boot , then the other .
tr	6	Her dark , wavy hair and tan skin are in sharp contrast to my blonde paleness .
tr	8	" I wondered if you ever did any shooting .
tr	11	" What oath could I swear to make you believe me ?
tr	8	" Yes , well , now unless you 're around but back then it was Yang , correct . "
tr	10	Upon landing in the safe area Jimmy felt as if he were walking on a heavenly cloud .
tr	10	I wasn 't in the mood to play along .
tr	8	To display her attributes before other men was not good at all .
tr	11	This would alert the waiting snatch squads when the terrorists left the premises .
tr	9	VIN 's head came up and as he watched , his friend headed out in front of them .
tr	7	" That takes us down to the sea , I believe . "
tr	9	It was just a matter of time before Atticus 's ship docked here on its way back .
tr	11	Provided he did not spend it all , which he was sure he wouldn 't .
tr	6	After ten minutes , with a lint free cloth and some mineral oil , the gun looked good as new .
tr	9	" We 'll stay at a pub near Croydon on Thursday night .
tr	7	Anderson 's face showed surprise , " You 'd rather not .
tr	7	He shuffled back down the bed , rested his head on the pillow , and took my hand in his .
tr	11	Scott Lyndon did not know what to make of this .
tr	9	" For the most part ... I 've run into a few people on the road .
tr	8	" Well , whatever he wants with her , he wants her alive .
tr	7	' You owe me for this , ' Reid muttered darkly .
tr	9	I got up from her and took back my seat on the chair , same as I was before , impassible .
tr	6	" Isn 't this the church famous for the hunchback ? "
tr	9	What a stupid place to put the keyhole , she thought , there should be a better entrance !
tr	7	" Sooo , " I began , " we haven 't heard anything from Lucy or Al since last night ? "
tr	7	" Yes , an unfortunate and very sad moment , " replied Ryan looking solemn .
tr	11	He should be able to be with someone else .
tr	9	Every step that took her away from that terrible responsibility seemed to free her just a little .
tr	11	" He would not have let it weigh with him .
tr	6	The floor creaked right outside my door .
tr	9	" I wanted to be a success , " whined Terwilliger .
tr	9	We paid the fee and headed toward the start of the spiral stairs .
tr	6	Let 's dance , " Mathis said , tugging her onto the dance floor .
tr	8	she pressed , " They will not fear a trap ? "
tr	10	Logic tells me our best approach is from your end .
tr	5	Even without Ruben , it was enough .
tr	10	Good to hear from you , " I said .
tr	7	" Yeah , but why can 't I walk across the street alone ? "
tr	5	" Errol , the football field , " Sunday said blithely .
tr	10	' Being the only human here , I take it you 've never heard of the Red Death ? '
tr	11	But all she knew now was that she was the spider .
tr	10	Simon felt the adrenalin rush through his veins and for an instant forgot all about his problems .
tr	10	He seemed to like this piece of information .
tr	6	Maddy bundled Edwin out of the room , slamming the door shut behind them .
tr	10	" Why haven 't you gone to look for them ? "
tr	10	There are two things I do for inspiration .
tr	9	" Please , don 't be getting into trouble , " she started repeating to herself .
tr	6	Jacobs , suddenly grasping the implications , said , " Is that it ?
tr	9	" 22 " we answered together .
tr	11	Only a fool would put himself in the position of being rejected . "
tr	7	I wish them all the happiness in the world .
tr	11	He seemed to expect and be happy with this answer .
tr	8	" Rooms on the main floor for a young girl ! "
tr	5	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Irwin 's men were tired and hungry .
tr	8	" Wet wicks , " the Baron declared as he began his own hasty retreat .
tr	9	Evil lights flashed in front of her eyes , and she wanted to pass out , die , anything .
tr	9	Destro turned , keeping his enemy to his front , body angled , awaiting the next move .
tr	7	A certain feeling set over me , the vacuum of dry , stagnant air made the room a place of forgotten .
tr	6	It was narrow and long , cheeks high and sunken , nose pinched , jaw angular .
tr	8	And now the crisis has rewritten the rules of land ownership . "
tr	9	" Jimmy , we 've been best friends since kindergarten - but I am not your girlfriend .
tr	7	Gabe glances in the room and wrinkles his nose .
tr	6	My fingers curled into a fist .
tr	10	" Are you going to take their shields down ?
tr	9	He hoped he didn 't seem too eager .
tr	6	He looked at her damaged hand , at her wounds , at her emotionless face .
tr	10	" And the day before that ?
tr	8	Rafe could have cursed in his vexation .
tr	7	The rough texture of his shirt hit my cheek , and it clicked .
tr	8	At the bottom of the stairs she twisted the Yale lock and opened the door to -- ' You ? '
tr	11	" I expect , " he replied , though he hoped that didn 't happen .
tr	6	" Well , it 's a start , " she said , her voice slightly gruff .
tr	8	he said with a tinge of jock .
tr	11	Simon instinctively looked up , every time a male wearing a uniform entered the waiting room .
tr	7	Sparse patches of dehydrated grass slowly become lush blossoms of ferns and flowers .
tr	11	Mirai remained unscathed , even her victims ' blood failed to stain her white robes .
tr	8	Then again , he had no leads on either the dock theft or the Wal-Mart heist .
tr	8	Thanks to Chris 's miraculous revival , Joe was now off balance with seemingly no way of recovering .
tr	7	Jacobs slowly pushed himself to his feet his lower lip quivering .
tr	8	We will be no more and the northern realms will fall into war . "
tr	8	Turning around , he saw it was Sarah .
tr	8	A pair of French doors stood open in the middle of it .
tr	11	Are you trying to get killed ? "
tr	6	She walked briskly out of the room into the dim hallway .
tr	9	Why couldn 't she see -- ?
tr	7	' You didn 't ... ' ' It was a close thing , ' Spike said .
tr	11	Nodding , he tossed down the saddlebags he had tossed over one shoulder .
tr	8	" They were twins you know .
tr	7	" We have all types of swords , daggers , arrows , and shields in here from various time periods .
tr	5	" Don 't you have a cell necktie , too ? "
tr	8	" Stop it at once or write lines , " Mana said with great firmness .
tr	8	Tell me you 're excited .
tr	10	" There are four high yield directed thermal explosives under the deck below the ship .
tr	9	She was the reason you joined up .
tr	11	Do you know where he is ? "
tr	5	" No , it wasn 't , " Josephine said regretfully .
tr	9	Was he going to leave again , really leave ?
tr	7	Miss Jackson led me to a high , rocky bluff and we crouched down and looked over .
tr	10	I had to stop working so hard .
tr	7	" May I ask why ?
tr	8	It had five buttons arranged in a cross pattern .
tr	5	" Don 't you mean Uncle Ricky ? "
tr	8	The darkness went away , and there was torch light again in the cave .
tr	11	Iris started to follow him when they heard the noise again .
tr	11	I decided to name it Scrapping for Seers .
tr	7	I couldn 't save your father , but I could save you .
tr	7	The threatening clouds had finally released their waters the moment they had stepped back on deck .
tr	5	I usually drink it every morning .
tr	9	That hunchback was held prisoner in the towers overlooking Paris .
tr	7	Why was the Colonel involved in this ?
tr	6	Just then they hit a dip and their heads almost hit the roof .
tr	9	" I know how to get there .
tr	7	I frowned and glanced at the journal by my feet .
tr	7	One of the guards reacted very quickly and reached for a panic button on the desk .
tr	5	Not a bright one , but it has a distinct pinkish tint . "
tr	5	Not a one especially pretty or handsome , but each fierce and gritty and resolute .
tr	8	Following the announcement unseen operators , speaking with skilled practice , begin relaying directions and status reports throughout the ship .
tr	8	After a while , we passed through a pair of wide , thick doors back into the blinding sun .
tr	11	Now he is slowing the airplane down so the gear can be put down .
tr	9	Anderson 's first order of business was to organize the National Guard and Reserve units within the Jackson Purchase .
tr	8	I removed the rag and watched for a moment but the girl wasn 't faking .
tr	8	You know what that makes me ? "
tr	9	Among the extra canvas for patching the sails sat Elaina , back to the board and arms around her knees .
tr	9	She know something might not be right .
tr	5	In one hand , he held a handkerchief .
tr	6	At night , she knew , the sparkly lights transformed even this ordinary parking lot into a winter wonderland .
tr	9	He had reached the end of the long corridor and was looking at a steel door .
tr	9	There are , or rather there were , four of us , those two , myself and Robbie McElroy .
tr	6	" Maybe we should throw our watches away . "
tr	6	This is not bloody England , you know .
tr	7	He handed it to the Sergeant Major and returned to his place at the window .
tr	9	She still could not focus well enough to cast , and her body hurt .
tr	10	There was a stressed on the last words he said .
tr	8	" He wants to go hunting .
tr	7	As I passed the candelabra , I considered grabbing it .
tr	9	The boys are done cleaning the room in minutes .
tr	8	This is a cool place but don 't you get lonely in the winter ? "
tr	6	" We 're leaving the country . "
tr	6	" No turning back now , " Joey said , and grinned .
tr	10	Think you can do this ? "
tr	6	Joey , observing him as well , pointed silently at the brave .
tr	10	This is Tim Reynolds signing off for now as the voice of the JP .
tr	6	Bright colored skirt just above her knee fitted her with a beautiful collared sleeve as an upper garment .
tr	8	Alejo blinked , suddenly at a loss for words .
tr	9	Could explain why it 's still up . "
tr	9	" Alejo says to go to the Hostel Salta NOW ! "
tr	9	" She 's only a few years older than me , " the soldier explained .
tr	11	It feels so good , sometimes I don 't even want to stop ever anymore at all . "
tr	9	Even as I struggle up , he is next to me , pushing me down , hard .
tr	10	I was giving to Damian all the right in the world .
tr	11	Who 'd wan na stick around for that ? "
tr	7	I seen tears fall from big red rocks when the old man hummed .
tr	9	It would have been nearly inaudible to my old ears .
tr	9	However , no-one has seen him since ; he disappeared not long after he was invited . "
tr	5	Kyle , Summer , and Pigeon showed the yard duty their candy .
tr	5	And besides , it 's was a long time ago . "
tr	9	The sisters loved the huge pool filled with the most wonderful translucent turquoise sea water .
tr	6	There were sculptures , well-manicured lawns , and beautifully crafted fountains .
tr	7	she asked then looked back at the coyote and bear .
tr	10	Who knew what might be contagious ?
tr	9	And with that Michael lead Ben to the exit .
tr	7	I leaned out the window , leveling my pistol .
tr	7	The shock waves from the detonation wrapped around the Bell 222 and spun it on its axis .
tr	7	Tense silence had fallen over the tavern .
tr	11	He didn 't even know who was talking to him .
tr	11	" Well , what do we do now ? "
tr	10	My mother was asking too many questions so they took us both into custody .
tr	9	The whole Spy Games staff was crammed into our kitchenette , sitting around the table drinking instant coffee .
tr	5	By Dawson , well past halfway , Niko spoke up .
tr	10	Does that prohibition extends to me ? "
tr	10	She cradled the Taylor across her lap and began to pick her way through a few chords .
tr	8	On the way back out the pub she 'd reached the door as two lads entered .
tr	7	Her uncle smiled quietly and put one finger under her chin .
tr	11	Apprehension made Josephine hesitate as she drew closer .
tr	7	Gives you til the end of the summer .
tr	6	I crushed the file on Peyton in my grip .
tr	8	He intends to do exactly that .
tr	10	" I would like to hear it from Ms. Foxy here .
tr	10	" We are already two days behind them and it will cost us another day or two to catch them .
tr	10	" So the people who killed Peter are ... ? "
tr	10	Terry , I would like you to coordinate everything from here .
tr	6	" Because of my fantastic brains , " Neil said .
tr	7	4 out of 5 stars " Thoroughly enjoyable read " " Thoroughly enjoyable read .
tr	7	The man in the hat stood and threw his paper down in disgust .
tr	6	Some literally starved to death .
tr	9	How did she know the weapons were inspected ?
tr	10	Brazen thought about resisting but knew it would do no good .
tr	7	" And I can 't get this fuckin ' armor off . "
tr	7	Evil genius , Frankenstein science , and ... " He stops and looks at me .
tr	9	Chris looked hard at his friend 's face , but wasn 't sure exactly what he saw there .
tr	10	There were three does in behind the two bucks .
tr	6	" With pleasure , sir , " he said in an uncharacteristic voice .
tr	7	I brushed against limestone walls and sloshed through squishy mud .
tr	8	I wiggled one of Dad 's fancy devices in the keyhole and the lock popped .
tr	8	He is within his rights of course .
tr	7	" See you later Danny , " Tori smiled and entered the First Year rooms .
tr	5	' Hey , Babe , you make my blood boil ' ? "
tr	11	" I cannot allow you to desecrate my brother 's body , " Warrior states .
tr	8	Or he can be persuaded not to .
tr	9	You 've been chillier than a penguin 's arse since we pitched up yesterday .
tr	9	Abby rubbed some insect repellent on everyone 's exposed skin .
tr	10	It was impossible to get into the Longhouse .
tr	5	" First the ceremony and then the girl , " she said .
tr	6	If it 's not ... " He turned up his palms .
tr	11	" Well , that 's all I 've got for now . "
tr	6	" What brings you here ?
tr	7	" I - I know not , Master , " stammered the soldier .
tr	7	Unfortunately for Melody , the fence was directly between her and her objective .
tr	8	" Nobody move , " Scott called in a little louder tone , glancing from Chet to Doug .
tr	7	They left the apartment block and made their way to the nearby train station .
tr	8	' Most modern mines have advanced digital communication systems , ' I murmured , my fingers dancing over the touch screen .
tr	7	Doubting Trevor 's appraisal Raphael said , ' This monster only turns out thirty watts ?
tr	7	Then it will be some time -- another year ? "
tr	8	I even checked the pockets of the dead doctors and found something very disturbing in Dr. Elliot 's pocket .
tr	7	In one sweeping motion , he brought the blade down upon the creature 's head , delivering a crippling blow .
tr	10	Andy was enjoying the Riley as they drove through London .
tr	8	" My little Princess , your song has filled everyone 's hearts with the most wonderful memories . "
tr	11	But , she did say she remembered everything .
tr	11	We can 't just walk out the gate can we ? "
tr	11	We captured many women and children that were hiding in the woods . "
tr	8	However when his head was finally dressed he looked like a wounded soldier .
tr	9	After the group of cars passed he was left in the sudden silence of the late night air .
tr	7	But , she was very unhappy in England , hated the weather , and missed her family back home .
tr	11	Then he will have accomplished something his ancestor couldn 't do .
tr	8	" Mr. Black here will be the Director of this program ! "
tr	7	Better get back off the ledge , in case something happens .
tr	5	" Clearly , you do , " David said .
tr	9	" You are totally unlike anyone I have ever met .
tr	8	You 've taken much from me already .
tr	8	I am a betrayer of hope , a deceiver of trust , a murderer of women .
tr	6	How much brighter it glows than anything else out here .
tr	8	Smiling , he said , " Help you with something ? "
tr	6	" Oh , no one uses this place anymore , " Gabriel shrugged .
tr	10	His voice was steady , but there was a white line of anger around his mouth .
tr	8	I poked my head past the opening of the stairwell .
tr	11	I wonder though if anyone could have seen it burn .
tr	8	The Minister was concerned but didn 't look surprised by the report .
tr	6	With a deep breath he bowed his head and rescinded his protest .
tr	6	" But - " " Go , " Magnus said , a dangerous tone to his voice .
tr	6	" And this bothers you because ... " " Well ... it 's rude . "
tr	7	... ... ... There was nothing but silence and menacing stares , especially from that one judge .
tr	10	All her friends had stopped calling and she was starting to feel isolated and vulnerable .
tr	10	I hope you 've been out enjoying the sunshine . "
tr	11	The two brothers ignored him entirely and sitting down , began to discuss something in low , earnest tones .
tr	8	Suddenly , the truck arrived at a car jam full of curious and raging drivers .
tr	8	I need to see you .
tr	7	Rift asks , stepping forward .
tr	9	Natalie seemed to get one call after another .
tr	6	" Usually , when the baby dies , your triangle fades underneath your skin tone .
tr	8	He pauses to lick his lips .
tr	6	" What other ' powers , " ' I gulped , " can I expect ? "
tr	6	asked Finan , his eyebrows raised .
tr	8	The tune was as catchy as the words were blasphemous .
tr	8	I 'd train him but I 'd look for Aimee too .
tr	11	The Sheriff said he wanted to see you immediately .
tr	10	We 've been ordered to take that cannon ! "
tr	9	Neil shifted so he could get a better look .
tr	10	" There is much to discuss Clancy , let us talk over breakfast .
tr	7	" Like I said , probably for the best , " Jason says .
tr	6	The dot moved up and down , ' yes ' .
tr	11	It wasn 't that I was any more scared than anyone else .
tr	9	Several more calls came in as he said goodbye to the previous caller .
tr	8	She casually sips from a goblet of wine while awaiting the inevitable execution .
tr	8	Who would have thought it ?
tr	6	It 's five to two now ! "
tr	8	He needed to sit down .
tr	10	Zero entered a coded entry request and awaited a response while he stared at the door .
tr	8	Armed troops stormed the area , ushering everyone back from the scene .
tr	8	With care , he selected a pair of black lace panties , brought them to his nose , and inhaled deeply .
tr	8	" No , my love , he wrote that his liege needed him elsewhere .
tr	8	A navigation officer held up his hand as he watched the screen .
tr	11	Noah was eager to run along the rails in the full sunlight .
tr	9	I inhaled the crisp air and allowed it to wash my frustrations away .
tr	7	" The activity level is certainly up since our last visit , " Osgood noted sarcastically , Vader frowned .
tr	11	" Who are we supposed to be looking for anyway ? "
tr	11	He was mad in ways I cannot explain .
tr	9	He looked into her eyes and kissed her on the end of the nose .
tr	9	It was not quite noon and already he 'd picked up quite a bit of information .
tr	10	he said , watching us lazily over the rim of his glass .
tr	10	" Because he would be Alpha of Shelter Tribe . "
tr	11	We are going to make the ugly dragon go boom !
tr	8	Abby , Jessica and Anna all stepped back after giving everyone a quick hug .
tr	9	I respond continuing to pack .
tr	7	On cue , rays of light creep forward , warming the ocean as the sun rises over the treetops .
tr	7	In fact , I was impressed by the lighting .
tr	7	" That 's when the weather hit .
tr	5	Pick up heavier things . "
tr	8	The same omniscient light shone in his eyes , heavily cloaked by an air of extreme weariness .
tr	6	The sharply gelled brown spikes on his head flicked back and forth .
tr	10	" Why do you want to hang out with Edwin ? "
tr	7	With frayed ropes around it .
tr	6	" Well , thanks as always for an interesting time , " she said with a small laugh .
tr	7	This was good -- now the Prince would be stronger and faster .
tr	10	I hoped to be gone by then .
tr	10	My imagination was racing when something else occurred to me .
tr	8	His eyes bulged , and his skin was the color of faded parchment .
tr	7	" But , money causes - " Thomas began but , Angela grasped his hands lovingly .
tr	6	She took a deep breath and picked up her desk phone .
tr	10	Derrick estimates the snake 's length to be about five feet .
tr	8	Ellen rolled her eyes as she got up .
tr	5	" Alice , Rebecca , and I. Rebecca had a massive stroke .
tr	9	" I have a plan , " Mai interjects before he can finish the sentence .
tr	10	" They 've been acting in secret for weeks .
tr	8	CHAPTER 20 The Calm Elaina came to on the back of a horse .
tr	9	You took everything from me , the man I loved , even my own humanity .
tr	6	The man walking up the beach was tall and lean with a subtle musculature .
tr	5	On the serving stand , a crystal decanter and two delicate goblets also waited .
tr	5	A few moments later , Mary , Peter , and Richard joined them .
tr	11	The Prince was about to brush past , but stopped when he noticed who it was .
tr	9	Thankfully , he had thought of his cousin Teddy just in time .
tr	6	In fact , on the third day , Johnny asked for his stateroom on the ship .
tr	10	Do you want a sweet roll with it ? "
tr	11	Before long , it got louder , sometimes interrupted by shouts or curses as one man tried to convince another .
tr	7	" Ok , men ; we 're on , " Dr. Morgan called out in a deep authoritative voice .
tr	7	" Stupid horse , " was all that Lonnie said .
tr	9	Maybe the old woman would help him if he gave her back the blue coins .
tr	10	His face was red with rage as he got off his bike and threw it to the ground .
tr	9	" What ... what do you mean by that ? "
tr	10	We have been imposed upon and our movements restricted as though we had been children ! "
tr	11	" Robert will be off somewhere finding out all the details I 've missed . "
tr	7	" Since your brother died ... " This is ridiculous , Kurt thought .
tr	10	Do you know what that is ? '
tr	9	The customers who were already here for lunch would simply pray together here .
tr	11	That was true , but it wasn 't because she was playing leapfrog with hay bales .
tr	5	" Oh , you sick fuck , " Gabe says .
tr	9	Sye had seen everything she had .
tr	10	I just know this will leave him speechless .
tr	6	I surprise myself -- I slow down .
tr	11	Bryony had stolen the Tome and used its power to pass all her exams !
tr	7	The day the police did not come to him .
tr	8	She 's in quite a state to see you . "
tr	10	" Looks like we 're on the same plane , " he said .
tr	9	" They won 't die , " said a woman with a bow slung across her back .
tr	7	Gunnar kicked the stirrups and trotted up to them .
tr	9	But if your husband could come and dig out the well .
tr	6	There , the tangled roots of mangroves formed a cage above and below the lake surface .
tr	10	" If I apologize , is that part of , you know , what you said ?
tr	10	You 'd be down hundreds of dollars in hotel costs and airfare . "
tr	8	There he found Llama waiting for him .
tr	9	I doubt we 'll get far . "
tr	9	" But it is starting to come back ? "
tr	8	Shed no fear not even a tear , For the pyramid stood yet on the desert 's rear .
tr	6	He moved oddly , impossibly ; and in a further quick shake , he was a beautifully athletic horse .
tr	11	She could do nothing but wait once again for a moment to slip away .
tr	9	His knees shaking and eyes bulging , the little fellow only stood there as we threw our horses around him .
tr	9	The man you are looking at is one hundred percent Moroccan , heart and soul . "
tr	11	I come out of the bathroom and see that Derrick has fallen asleep again .
tr	5	But considering the circumstances , it was a good outcome .
tr	6	Putting them back , she turned her attention to some nearby cloaks .
tr	11	The ape decided it was time to quit .
tr	11	You don 't know the things he can do , master dervish .
tr	9	What if all you get is a big old bag of squat ? "
tr	11	As he passed , he would call out creases and other handholds which the others could use .
tr	6	Then she said , ' Your turn . '
tr	5	Missy had her duties , too .
tr	8	A handful of Jews had been picked up , and he signed their death warrants .
tr	6	No , not a man , but a boy , not much older than I was .
tr	9	I was at an airfield in England in 1936 for about ten minutes .
tr	6	Behind them , still laying off , Bolt and Hoover hovered a long way back .
tr	10	At the interplanetary transports , a teleport representative usually stood waiting to assist the travelers .
tr	11	He had tried the fish eggs at Christmas ; Suzi had shown him how to eat them .
tr	11	Husbands were made to be talked to .
tr	6	" Without the attitude this time , " he adds with a smile .
tr	8	We are the closest to help .
tr	10	" Are you trying to be obscure ?
tr	5	About two thousand feet , ' the Bastian Hunter replied briskly .
tr	9	Wonder if we would have survived .
tr	9	Who knows what might happen ?
tr	9	I 'm sorry about all of this .
tr	8	Maybe later , but now his feet barely seemed to touch the ground .
tr	7	They could trust him with their lives .
tr	5	This time , however , the bear grenade made a muted thumping sound .
tr	8	She remembered the Arab with the knife ; he had killed so easily and so swiftly .
tr	7	Kendall helped Logan down , then helped him into the truck .
tr	11	But this ship is made of white oak and hard maple , revealing a more ... northerly place of birth . "
tr	9	She thought Dad would like a horse .
tr	7	Old habits die hard -- you know , rules five to thirty-three : never believe something at face value . "
tr	5	And now both the Orbs , and them , are gone !
tr	10	At least she realized that he wasn 't interested in food .
tr	6	said Virgil , his first spoken words since we 'd entered the tavern .
tr	8	It was worst here in the south , but it was more or less the same everywhere these days .
tr	8	" Yeah , I 'll have a little on the side , maybe , " Lex danced around any confrontation .
tr	7	" I 'm not riding no pony , " Lonnie said .
tr	9	He half expected to vanish and leave this nightmare behind , but he didn 't .
tr	10	That 's what my family does for a living , and it 's not much fun . "
tr	10	She babbled on excitedly , and Claire tried to listen with patience .
tr	10	He took his time in teaching her about her own desires and what inflamed him the most .
tr	9	Not that many would advise you to seek me out . "
tr	10	But the truth is -- as a ... man -- Harald can only get stiff in the brothel .
tr	7	Who found out about the world ending ?
tr	8	As she moved around the teak floor her movement became less sensual , less feminine .
tr	10	Each reluctantly picked up their donut as Rick and Abby packed their bags a bit lighter than the previous day .
tr	5	" Thank you sir , " Tasha and Jake said together .
tr	9	She brought the box to her face , hating the sight of it .
tr	6	" Pharmacy , " he points , " food , medical 's , hygiene , " he raises his eyes .
tr	8	* Gema spent the night in the kitchen wide awake exerting mind over matter .
tr	8	The university is key to our future and so is Doctor Stevens . "
tr	6	" Thank you , " he said , and bowed .
tr	11	Anyway , he managed to get free of her and went to the marina by himself .
tr	11	" Surely this isn 't time to be worrying about her art collection ? "
tr	9	" What about our plan to put them out of action for a little while ? "
tr	9	" Unfortunately that 's the society we 've created . "
tr	9	Not that you 'd consider informing on me . "
tr	10	However , the information in displaced time could cause you to change the future inadvertently , so be very careful .
tr	8	" No need , I have one , thank you , and ear plugs . "
tr	7	No , boy , you 're looking for someone else .
tr	6	On the other side , the line of orange emergency lights is partially gone , but starts up again further on .
tr	8	" I was shipwrecked and destitute on the shores of your England decades ago .
tr	11	" Do you think that 's possible ? "
tr	9	He was pleased she was there .
tr	8	" Perhaps you are too pretty to eat ? "
tr	9	He is not ill is he ? "
tr	8	She needed to break free !
tr	11	She did not want to be apart from him any longer .
tr	9	" I was being a good wife to you , " she said .
tr	10	Navi chirps , trying to turn the tables .
tr	10	" Do I have to leave ? "
tr	9	We have one more job to do . "
tr	8	Lilly Ann danced around him fighting imaginary dragons .
tr	11	Jonesy remembered that they were ten days late and that the shuttle must have just arrived .
tr	6	The weapon on his belt was a true dagger , well-made and keen , almost a short sword .
tr	9	It was like a long firehouse pole with narrow steel steps bolted to it .
tr	10	I could see their plan and I knew that I must stop them .
tr	6	" ' Yes , born a slave right here on this farm . '
tr	10	He looked up , " shit you don 't even see a plane .
tr	8	I guess that 's the hardest .
tr	10	He was becoming more at peace with it all .
tr	8	Like you and William , Logan and I have been friends since childhood .
tr	7	' We have the vaccine but Thorne got away with the virus . '
tr	7	' Even though we don 't chart , Dave will see bigger sales than forecast ? '
tr	7	' I must say , the years have served you well .
tr	9	With the brush she started to brush her hair , all tangled with sea salt .
tr	7	Why have you sent your guards for us ? "
tr	8	When she addressed him that way , he discovered that it softened him up considerably .
tr	9	She was not dangerously anorexic or underweight , but she teetered on the edge of it .
tr	9	I managed to stay in front .
tr	6	An evil god , impassive , dark , Points constantly and hisses " Don 't forget !
tr	9	Do you have any pull ? "
tr	11	Roberto said to Pierre , who laughed at the new adventure .
tr	6	The first two were the same and the last two were different .
tr	7	" Easy , buddy , " said Aiden , noticing the boiling rage on his face .
tr	9	Blackness was threatening to overtake him .
tr	7	" Sorry girls , you still have school tomorrow ... " The trio trudged upstairs to the showers .
tr	7	" Especially if you are a wanted man " Sheena added .
tr	5	" Good points , " Alex said .
tr	11	" It just kind a seemed like the right thing to do ... the only thing to do really . "
tr	9	' He never usually strays , you know , ' she said while showing me to a seat .
tr	11	Neither have I. " Sarah still looked puzzled about something .
tr	7	Those images overran him , crushed him with their weight , and exiled the runes to dark subconscious corners .
tr	7	~ Unofficially anyway , summer was coming to a close .
tr	7	It sent a shiver down my torso , between my breasts , all the way to my core .
tr	6	The day was cold but clear , and we made good time .
tr	11	I 'm writing this down because I was asked to by Serious Sally .
tr	9	You draw trouble like honey draws flies . "
tr	7	" The last seven decades , we have poured Billions into rocket development .
tr	10	" Yes , but you 're not going to tell , are you ? "
tr	10	The light slap on his arm indicated his interest hadn 't gone unnoticed .
tr	9	Look , I know you haven 't exactly had it easy either . "
tr	6	After World War II , property rights were changed and almost no one had private land .
tr	9	He took tobacco out of his pouch and put it in the nose of the old man .
tr	11	Raphael and Danny refused champagne opted instead for the carton of orange juice .
tr	7	" It 's just hot in here . "
tr	7	" To the land of the Maya , three hundred and fifty years before now . "
tr	11	He searched her blue eyes to see a gleam sparkle to life as a soft smile touched her lips .
tr	6	" Today is the morning day , " said one or other or both the voices .
tr	11	" Are we going to do this , or what ? "
tr	10	Then Alejo asked , " Who are you ? "
tr	6	" Some girl from LA , " a boy with brown hair said .
tr	10	He grabbed her feet , forcing himself in between her legs with an ugly , lustful grin .
tr	9	I think that right now is a special occasion , so please administer some pain relief to all in attendance .
tr	8	Having no other choice , she ducked down below the height of the swing , throwing herself off balance .
tr	9	" She promised to open the gates to the warriors .
tr	7	As the words left her mouth , Lucas had already increased his walking pace to a light run .
tr	9	" When the Portuguese refused to go , they were driven out by the Indian military . "
tr	8	I thanked the two Poles for their help , slipped them a tenner , and then got behind the wheel .
tr	7	The machine transits picture visions , instead of words , to and from our minds through the air 's atmosphere . "
tr	10	He was afraid their mutual distrust of each other could tear their fragile cooperative life apart .
tr	5	" A year , at most , " Sven said .
tr	10	And the eyes -- both red and green had a piercing quality that showed a clear and masterful intelligence .
tr	6	Chaps meet George Mudd and Harry Downer . "
tr	11	I guess he 's betting on slim , " Ed said .
tr	8	He sat up straight in his seat , gritted his teeth .
tr	8	Adele could have recited every word from memory .
tr	10	You don 't notice details like that unless you want to bed someone . "
tr	11	I said I will go to Poland and I just did it .
tr	9	His arms were clothed as the feathered wings of a hawk .
tr	7	It was already dark outside , but the electrical lights kept the night at bay .
tr	6	He studied the jam with a thoughtful frown .
tr	10	The students also appeared to be building wooden framing around the wreck , to brace it and guard against collapse .
tr	11	' More information will be given to you as you go through a training programme .
tr	10	I leaned across and studied the fuzzy mug shots of the pair of us on the NCIC and Interpol pages .
tr	10	Guess that 's good for today . "
tr	10	" What do you mean you don 't get ... ? "
tr	7	She then sprawled out on the mat , face down in a split , and watched the other kids .
tr	6	A couple of swords , a staff , some daggers , even a crossbow and the bolts for it .
tr	8	She 's dead you know .
tr	8	The wind got up and snow whipped across the trail and blew into their faces .
tr	11	Dane turned to Braun , " Did you get anything more out of the prisoners ? "
tr	10	I guess she used all her words up when she first spoke .
tr	9	" It sounds like you are brave Connor . "
tr	8	" We have something incriminating here , " said Joe Bishop excitedly as the radiation detectors omitted slight noises of radioactivity .
tr	7	She glanced to the left and right and squeezed my hand .
tr	5	Missy was suddenly very excited .
tr	6	Lord Brogan listened to the husky tones in appreciation .
tr	11	That feeling was the same he now felt leaving the Marine Corps .
tr	11	" What ya ' gon na do Jake ? "
tr	8	She scowled and slapped it shut .
tr	11	Sarah went five more paces before she realized he wasn 't there .
tr	9	Oh , and one other question I thought was strange . "
tr	6	" What the hell kind of shields are these anyway ? "
tr	6	Mounting their horses Pierre and Jean yell " Good bye , until we see you again . "
tr	9	One of his men is regaining consciousness and is attempting to stand .
tr	8	he said , slapping the horse with the reins .
tr	7	That was when Finan knew .
tr	5	What 's your name ? "
tr	8	' He 's there , ' Raphael said pulling the van into a huge open building .
tr	10	" Yeah , yeah , " he nods , continuing to gather miscellaneous objects .
tr	10	A child is inside me , waiting to be born . "
tr	10	He soon turned away to let him have his privacy .
tr	8	He did the same with the other steps and in no time he triumphantly joined Lilly Ann at the top .
tr	10	VIN moved it , strapped it down , and connected it to the space station 's systems .
tr	11	Do they know where she is ? "
tr	9	" Haven 't heard a squeak out of the girl today , " George said .
tr	5	" Yes , my lord , " the wizard conceded .
tr	10	The thing was snarling now , obviously aware that Melody wasn 't defenseless .
tr	9	" Aw , go on , that 'll get the punters coming for sure . "
tr	10	She 'd known this would happen eventually .
tr	8	Just enjoying our own coach as it were , " said Logan , brushing dust from his uniform .
tr	7	Playing the good soldier , Tork turned and promptly climbed aboard the military machine .
tr	9	The urge in finding the book in no time came unto her senses .
tr	10	" I am sorry , " he declares just before a sudden shockwave of energy blasts out of his form .
tr	5	" Control yourself , Dr. Pickerington , " said Ahmad .
tr	8	Riki pushed him to one side and digging in the remains from lunch .
tr	11	" I wish you could reassure all of us . "
tr	11	Changing the subject , she said , " I wonder what she 's looking for ?
tr	9	Ted glanced down at the mug in his hand and held it up for Melody to see .
tr	11	I wondered how I knew it was Jim .
tr	9	" Best idea you 've had all day ! "
tr	11	" OK , I 'm bringing her to face the other side of the crater .
tr	11	Ducking left , the spear hits nothing but air , lingering over Rift 's defensive position .
tr	7	His heart was beating quickly , but his mind was strangely blank .
tr	8	She wanted to finish it .
tr	8	Silently he lead them through the camp to his tent .
tr	11	Rand stood , a curiously grim expression entering his face as he pulled his sword from its scabbard .
tr	9	" I 've been wondering that as well , truth be told .
tr	9	... And whenever he approached the subjects of leaving .
tr	9	His voice grew soft , " We could even finish what you started . "
tr	9	It had been hours since he 'd last spoken .
tr	8	Connor humbly lifted his staff above his head saluting the crowd and walked back to the trainers ' area .
tr	9	I mean , I remember when little Ruben died , but I didn 't know ? "
tr	6	* * * Just a few hours later , Mia and I were walking down nearby Dauphin Street .
tr	5	" With your whole leg , not just your feet .
tr	9	And in an instant a large proud and handsome bird was standing in front of her .
tr	6	She was not only beautiful but very intelligent too .
tr	7	When you and I get married , you 'll be rich . "
tr	5	" No fear , " he said emphatically .
tr	10	The moon shone , creating a pathway down the quiet water like daylight .
tr	9	Clearly , Elaina was not impressed with this caster 's soft words and sensuous smiles .
tr	7	Not one of Salazar 's staff .
tr	9	But now , I think you might be all right .
tr	10	If they do not wish to come , that is their choice . "
tr	9	" Face it Lance , we are just better and you are doomed , " Warrior states .
tr	9	Though he heard nothing , he could see a silent chuckle shake the congressman 's shoulders .
tr	11	I am now required to collect him and take him to our specialist unit . '
tr	9	The idea of going to space excited and frightened her at the same time .
tr	7	Once inside , Drew and Angelique saw a few vacant tables and sat down at one .
tr	8	When a person dies , well , when I kill someone , their life ... I absorb their life .
tr	7	" Whatever , let 's go , " Cera began back down the hall , Mike followed .
tr	10	" I 'll handle this , " Less declares , pulling a weighted kunai from the small of her back .
tr	7	" How , Roberto ? "
tr	6	She had dark , shoulder-length hair , piercing violet eyes and a long , slender neck .
tr	8	This had both the households of Waving Willow and Grazing Fawn in a gleeful mood .
tr	6	" All the animals here seem pretty active , " Joey said , and gave me a look .
tr	11	Before engaging brain I blurted out ' but you are only half my age , what will people say ' .
tr	8	He asks after calming his racing heart .
tr	11	" Will you be proud to work in here ? "
tr	10	Amy stuck to her guns and refused Marlon 's insistence to walk her home .
tr	6	And the makeup is impeccable now ; no one will ever know .
tr	8	When Danny hung back listening , Katherine said , ' Come away from the door . '
tr	10	He wondered what would happen to the barrow witch without her idol .
tr	8	I 'm not a woman , I 'm a filthy urchin picking through garbage .
tr	5	Thankfully , after a few moments the emergency lighting kicked in .
tr	6	Roberto said in a low , cold tone .
tr	7	He pauses just for a second , strikes the match , and throws the match on the porch .
tr	10	" You will not try to get up , will you , Finan ? "
tr	7	" I do apologize , " he answered , " but you left me no choice .
tr	11	It was going to be a hell of a fight .
tr	11	I can 't remember ever hearing about a dingo attack around here .
tr	7	Throwing myself under the blade , I swore .
tr	7	He looked like an old man in a young Bee 's body .
tr	9	" Maybe they 're doing something while the big man 's down .
tr	8	" Always thinking ... always thinking of things other than their master , wi ' their heads in the clouds .
tr	9	My fortune was gone with my sunken cargo , and I had nothing , nothing to my name .
tr	7	Bryony swung the Key around her head , and threw the string at the mast .
tr	8	Upon inspection , the two soldiers look back at Lance , their expressions hidden behind their black facemasks .
tr	5	The limestone driveway , pale , very long , as straight as an arrow .
tr	10	He wanted to stay close to the gold .
tr	10	" Interesting , " Eden whispered , " So , you think I 'm some sort of monster ? "
tr	7	He took a step and noticed something glittering in the rocky soil by his feet .
tr	6	Gabe stands up and thrusts back his shoulders .
tr	7	" What are you using for fuel up here ? "
tr	7	The President 's secretary received a call , then stood and motioned to them .
tr	10	I flipped the security panel open and connected a pair of wires to the back of the device .
tr	10	Without realising he had moved , he found himself at her side and took her hand in his .
tr	6	Another Lady Bird from the Colony deserving record was the Bird Furry - Seal .
tr	10	' Okay , but I don 't think anyone else is ready . '
tr	8	They stood to watch the last two events end .
tr	8	She will not earn the respect of her people with a speech .
tr	10	Normally I expect bands to bring at least twenty people , fifteen minimum . '
tr	5	' My pleasure , your Highness , ' the big soldier replied .
tr	9	Are you going to Hyderabad ? "
tr	8	All I know is that this boy is good .
tr	10	I suggest you make me understand . '
tr	8	" It seems we are no further forward then . "
tr	6	The night feels too long , and I 'm not tired .
tr	7	She reached up and put her hands on his shoulders .
tr	5	" How exactly shall we proceed ? "
tr	8	The girl has always been pious in her conduct .
tr	10	Next to him was his wife , a blonde woman with her hair done into a bun .
tr	9	It is a most surreal pleasure to meet you , sir . "
tr	10	There is not a single thing I like about you . "
tr	8	" Not that I ' m aware of , Mr. Richmond ; certainly not from the U.S. military .
tr	6	" Tell them about the angels ? "
tr	9	It holds great power and in some way Sofia could feel it rushing down her soul .
tr	5	Sarah asked , her own worry ratcheting up .
tr	11	Her hair seemed a bit on the fritz and her face was pale , but she was there !
tr	6	" Naughty , naughty , very naughty , " I said .
tr	11	I smiled when I saw it was Victor .
tr	7	If Greenland was that big , no one , not even the hunters , went that far into its icy interior .
tr	5	But that wasn 't the embarrassing part . "
tr	6	His name is not remembered ... " A bell rang , and Maran stood .
tr	9	Add to that their indecent clothing , and everything was perfectly clear .
tr	9	Maple asks , leaning on her elbows and daydreaming about her promised escapade .
tr	9	We 'll set about changing policies soon enough . "
tr	8	It takes about two to three generations for the new genes to have an effect .
tr	5	' Well , not exactly see , ' he said reluctantly .
tr	7	Do you understand these rights ? '
tr	10	They were going to come knocking .
tr	10	Giovanni said , ' Let me first show you where you 'll dine . '
tr	9	My heart wants to beat out of my chest .
tr	6	It 's not so bad , " Miriam said .
tr	6	I stared back , my chest heaving as breath tore eagerly down my throat .
tr	6	Had she somehow betrayed her feelings for him ?
tr	6	" No , there were no survivors , and no lingering demons or evil entities .
tr	9	He had to wait another week , but Gabriel finally got some time off .
tr	9	She got up before the crack of dawn to run like fifteen miles . "
tr	11	Tell me as much as you can about the red zone , " said Mac .
tr	6	Every time I thought his name , it cracked open and festered into an ugly wound .
tr	10	I nodded , knowing this was true .
tr	8	Let me put on a clean shirt . "
tr	10	He realized that they would never use it again , left the room , and closed the door .
tr	11	On the card were two quotes which had always inspired , challenged , and at times comforted him .
tr	9	His skin was silvery and the pupils of his eyes , dark red .
tr	5	" Do you not , my lady ? "
tr	5	" Lady , for the last time , we searched the place thoroughly .
tr	10	She hesitated , afraid to ask her next question .
tr	10	Guy goes off to pee in the woods , doesn 't come back out . "
tr	6	" What 's the word today , Luke ? "
tr	9	The beautiful wooden propeller sung its song driven by the ingeniously resurrected motor , propelling the craft faster and faster .
tr	6	" I am your father 's partner , my dear .
tr	9	Joe would never quit even if it killed him .
tr	9	With my hand shaking , I reached toward my back and curled my fingers around the part sticking out .
tr	11	I guess to get revenge for shooting him . "
tr	7	" I lost , " Rift states plainly , shaking his head .
tr	8	As he went by them , he ducked under , just enough , so they would not notice .
tr	9	He was trying to bait us .
tr	10	Otherwise you 'll end up paying every penny of it .
tr	11	" I wish I was half as strong as you are .
tr	7	" If you are wolf , it will , hinder the change , though only for a short time . "
tr	10	No one spoke for long minutes as the sun continued to rise .
tr	8	" He 's getting careless , " he thought , " getting a bit complacent .
tr	6	But even then we were all talking or singing , and I couldn 't really think .
tr	7	" Most of the angels move around a lot , " Gabe continues .
tr	10	I glanced at the toys that littered the passageway .
tr	8	" May we sleep here ? "
tr	8	He answered , " A captain in the United States Coast Guard by the time we walk out of here . "
tr	11	An explosion rumbled loud above the winds and Pierre , who was the closest to the stairs , heard it first .
tr	8	We sit on the floor in a semi-circle .
tr	10	It was already on a skewer , ready to be cooked .
tr	11	Raven blurted and suddenly came into a halt , hearing what he had just said .
tr	11	Help me know where to go .
tr	8	Maybe was not such a good idea to tell him the all truth .
tr	9	They know what we are and take warning .
tr	8	Winter had now set in with a vengeance , unusual for Herefordshire .
tr	10	Why wasn 't she taking it ?
tr	8	His heart missed a beat but he had to continue .
tr	7	The houseboat already had an inverter and by tomorrow night we should have both AC and DC .
tr	9	Do you love Sally ? "
tr	10	" I know that part , " said Nathan , " we 've had conversations of just such matters .
tr	8	Less than twenty minutes later the coyote stopped and dropped to its haunches .
tr	8	" Where , exactly , do you want to go ? "
tr	9	" You can 't know what it was like .
tr	7	I climb up , again , and then crawl on hands and knees over a narrow rock ledge .
tr	9	There was no need to repeat the order .
tr	9	I made room to a man to take his tickets , and I put my hands on my head .
tr	11	I 'm going to get you your serum , and then I 'm coming home .
tr	7	And then Paco went against the mainstream specialists and declared my room ' a noisy area ' .
tr	8	And then , all of a sudden , we glimpsed those blasted bowler hats once more !
tr	10	Pierre tried to talk to him but Roberto was not in a conversational mood .
tr	9	You 're going to love it here .
tr	7	Claire fell back onto the sand and Sky clapped her hands to her ears .
tr	10	Ricky let out a yell but succeeded in regaining his seat .
tr	11	Do you think you do ? "
tr	8	" A new domain buried deep within the surface of our world .
tr	11	" My mortgage company will be so glad to hear it , " Mike answered with a grin .
tr	9	She needed to awaken that very fire in her son .
tr	11	The birds were so tiny when they settled on the same branch the flowers were not jostled .
tr	8	We die if he blows us up .
tr	10	Suddenly , the rectangular shape of earth jumps downward , slowly sinking as a staircase gradually takes shape .
tr	6	Sarah stared out into the dark Irish night .
tr	5	" Kurt , your father wants a word . "
tr	6	The cool colors of the lawn below appealed to her need for change .
tr	6	" That 's good , " his mentor said , " but let 's go slow .
tr	11	His flight had been blind , into a country of which he was wholly ignorant .
tr	11	She wants to end up the suffering of these people either it was hers or not .
tr	7	" Why do you wish for peace ?
tr	6	Doors lined each side , and paintings bedecked the walls .
tr	11	Alejo made a face at the sight of crumbs spewing across the table .
tr	6	A scatter of chocolate coffee beans across a generic white café saucer , both dark and milk chocolate .
tr	8	He said with a bit of remorse in his voice .
tr	8	Despite calling myself Doctor Diablo , I only have a bachelor 's degree .
tr	6	" They were never my friends , they didn 't even like me .
tr	7	What is wrong with you ?
tr	7	The figure raised its hand to him and Nathan did the same in return .
tr	11	Do I really have to leave ? "
tr	6	Flashing stars , some sort of explosion of rainbow colours ... not just a flicker .
tr	7	He considered the Russians for a moment , but discarded the idea .
tr	9	" They 're ready to begin , " Head told him .
tr	8	' We were both tangled in the vines and could not free ourselves .
tr	8	" The seas are rough , we might be looking at a storm . "
tr	11	Do you know what that means ? "
tr	6	But the looks on their faces had changed .
tr	6	" It 's all circumstantial stuff just now , we need a break . "
tr	9	They 'll just assume we screwed up on navigation . "
tr	6	The Chief shifted his nervous energy from his ring to his vest tassels .
tr	10	She tried to imagine travelling round with her nephews .
tr	11	He learned , early on , how to take care of himself .
tr	9	Another long moment passed , William content to wait .
tr	8	-- do let me see it .
tr	6	' I already told you , ' Connie responded , ' You ain 't welcome round here . '
tr	10	Now here 's what we have to do .
tr	9	Rylan kept his own count : Cade had killed seven of the twelve .
tr	7	" You know explosives , drugs ... " " Can she detect Liquid Light ? "
tr	6	Nancy and Gray both arrived , breathless and with flushed faces .
tr	8	The temperature is perfect , just a little chilled , but the fire is keeping me nice and warm .
tr	9	She explained how she had been captured .
tr	8	Salt half as many barrels as the blacksmiths need -- they can share .
tr	10	Claire hit mute on the phone halfway through her brother 's rant so she could laugh without restraint .
tr	9	" We didn 't live close to any churches and never had a Bible .
tr	6	" Give it a rest , Mother , " I said , and blanked the mirror .
tr	5	" And it 's not the only lie Abby . "
tr	11	Then both brother and sister will squeal like pigs after we had our way with them .
tr	8	Food and drink were served in abundance and the conversations were lively and loud .
tr	9	It 's possible they went home .
tr	9	He hung on to the root with all that he had .
tr	5	" Did you enjoy your surprise , Majesty ? "
tr	11	Samuel must have sensed I was out of place .
tr	6	She replaced the telephone , then picked up a remote control the size of a lighter .
tr	8	I don 't see Henderson by the plane , so he must still be inside filing his flight plan .
tr	11	It was answered , this time the voice identified itself as Jerry Stine in Mobile Alabama .
tr	9	She really needed to use the bathroom , but wasn 't about to ask .
tr	9	Muscles in my arms and legs tensed , willing Aimee to appear .
tr	10	But Amy said she wanted him to stay .
tr	8	" I thought you loved her ? "
tr	5	Well , that and I 'm not an emo , callous bitch . "
tr	10	She was tired , not able to hold him in the air .
tr	9	Just needs to be cleaned up .
tr	6	These guys were basically arrogant pricks .
tr	8	No one asked about that and Des checked his watch and suggested the band head to makeup .
tr	10	No , the Prince thought harshly , I do not kill unless I have to .
tr	6	All those years of doubt ... ... .
tr	9	She pushed past her mother and went in search of her niece .
tr	9	This girl had the guts to joke at this moment huh ?
tr	9	Somehow I had to leave the house , and I couldn 't use the stairs .
tr	10	Especially one such as me , who -- dare I boast ?
tr	8	" We can reprogram up to the maximum altitude the shuttle achieved , no more .
tr	5	Barnum Island New York State January 16th , 2027 Ellen woke slowly .
tr	9	" Yes , it is a strange business , as I said , and a dangerous one .
tr	9	" Boss , " said Jim , " you 're the final authority and can overrule the board .
tr	7	The formerly dark , abysmal purple now glows brilliantly , illuminating the entire room .
tr	5	" I 'm sorry . "
tr	8	The men had vicious animals with them , and one of the animals was chasing him .
tr	9	Put a rag in his mouth so he does not bite his tongue .
tr	8	And this was the vein that everyone , even the little children , worked towards .
tr	7	Thorne moved forward with a hungry expression and brought his sword down with a grunt .
tr	7	Rain , just like I said , " Neil pointed out .
tr	8	Riki yelled something and waved one arm wildly , and the woman smiled and waved back with her brush .
tr	8	The landscape was flat and muted like a sepia photograph .
tr	7	I squinted upwards and blinked dust out of my eyes .
tr	11	People were drinking , having meals and most were just chattering over each rounded tables .
tr	11	He replied , " Every time I think I know something , you prove me wrong .
tr	11	Perhaps one day he would return to this land to seek out its mysteries .
tr	9	Perfectly smooth and delicate as fine porcelain , it was the shape of a two little swallows in flight .
tr	9	Don 't you dare try to deny it . "
tr	11	Finan watched him for some moments in silence as the flickering light of the flames played over his youthful features .
tr	8	Your expenses to run this process should be minimal . "
tr	7	He spun on his heels and ran toward the operating wagon .
tr	5	THERE MUST BE SOMETHING THAT WE CAN DO TO HELP HER . "
tr	11	Do you want to look ? "
tr	6	Okay , not quite the way I 'd envisioned this happening .
tr	5	' Yeah , great consolation , ' Paul said bitterly .
tr	9	" It was dark blue , " she corrected and shifted her gaze out the window .
tr	9	The Prince 's mind blanked out before he could finish the treasonous thought .
tr	10	The rescuers thought it wise to withdraw quickly .
tr	10	They were proving to be very resourceful teens .
tr	7	Other citizens jog by or ride past me on bicycles .
tr	10	" She advises me in every capacity , including my current search for lodgings . "
tr	7	In addition to the Glock , he also held a Beretta pistol in his hand .
tr	7	He was in year eleven , he was tall and thin , with long straggly black hair .
tr	10	Ethan grasped the doorframe to keep from falling .
tr	10	It had seemed to them that they had been away much longer .
tr	7	Once opened , you could see the other three necklaces , the stone and the chronicler .
tr	5	" Obviously you do , you poor , weak , clumsy thing . "
tr	6	With one fluid motion I drew my Beretta 92 and shot it .
tr	10	Carter was on the verge of getting everything .
tr	5	" And Sheena ... thanks again for helping me out .
tr	6	" OK , let 's move out , " whispered George .
tr	9	You mean they 're growing back together ? "
tr	8	The man was weak but remained calm under the distress he faced .
tr	7	" Stop it , " he growls and grips both hands on the wheel .
tr	8	All he saw was trust , and could it be ?
tr	8	We 'd escape into the sunshine , maybe stop at a café and sip a few lattes .
tr	7	She led me to the swing in her backyard and we sat next to each other .
tr	10	Now she had living proof that it was all in her head .
tr	11	A regiment of Cossacks was stationed at the fortress to protect the city from Tartar and Turkish raiders .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " Sunday said and ran towards the gate .
tr	9	They promised retribution for even the smallest lie .
tr	9	Something had been knocked loose within him these past few days .
tr	9	" Once I hook up with Rick Wilkinson will we have any support ? "
tr	7	The whistle died down , and the train chugged into the station .
tr	11	I had to know what was happening .
tr	5	The first voice , the gate guard , joined in .
tr	10	Jack opened his eyes with a surprised look that mirrored her own .
tr	8	she murmured , hovering by a chair .
tr	7	Aria leaps from the hovering dance table , performs a midair spin and lands solidly on the dance floor below .
tr	5	Instead of the typical red , these roses were a deep , dark color .
tr	8	Dane gave a more natural smile , " Well , thank you for these . "
tr	8	Mirai 's voice grew low , a harsh whisper escaping her lips , " You should know .
tr	8	Elaina searched the hills , scanning for movement .
tr	10	She thought of herself and Calvin and knew they 'd look equally perfect .
tr	7	In her arms was the dog with the orange still in his mouth .
tr	11	The danger with the black army now in the valley would be too great to do anything else .
tr	7	The one in front threw back her hood , revealing Mana .
tr	11	Unless he was trying to warn me .
tr	9	He felt good to be dressed .
tr	10	An ' ya look close enough , ye can see it writ all over their faces .
tr	9	What am I doing in my swimsuit and a sarong at 6pm in autumn ?
tr	8	Jason waves her forward and she takes a place between Lisa and Dresden .
tr	10	The man plodded into the camp , past tents filled with sleeping teenagers .
tr	9	From his perch on the upper deck , he shouted commands to the men below who manned chrysanthemum cannons .
tr	8	The voices were speaking Russian and one of them sounded similar to Andre 's voice .
tr	7	In contrast , the dark escarpment of the fault was inky , the wall of lava rock featureless in its blackness .
tr	10	He had no name to cling to , no identity .
tr	9	I replied back , my voice sounded as though I it came from all around her .
tr	6	" Blast your soul , you hustler ! "
tr	9	He lowered the file , his eyes fixed on me .
tr	7	" Your father passed away six months ago , and your mother four months ago .
tr	9	Then the skinny one took out a knife and cut through the saran while the other stood guard .
tr	8	Slowly , the bells became quieter and the yelling became louder .
tr	6	Hate him , hate him , hate him .
tr	9	" If I might take the liberty , madam ; the two boys will share a room . "
tr	7	Pausing for a half second , he steeled himself , and then opened the door .
tr	9	Moving with a graceless sort of efficiency , her mind slowly quiets through the repetitive task .
tr	6	" Perhaps in that drawer , " someone murmured .
tr	7	Her hands , clasped together in her lap , were hard and calloused out of character with her sensual appeal .
tr	8	Though the dock and the asphalt were used almost the same amount the dock always felt greater .
tr	11	Sofia sighed and said , " That was an odd thing for you to do . "
tr	5	What more can a man want ? "
tr	7	Alejo rested his arms on his knees and hid his face .
tr	9	Needless to say , the boys were not best pleased to hear this news .
tr	9	Her hair was short but auburn not black like her mother 's .
tr	7	You do like him , " Jimmy said .
tr	7	I was that knight , " he reveals , the statement radiating regret and remorse .
tr	6	" He 's still moving , " one of the thugs said to the blond officer .
tr	10	I 'm not going to lie ; I ended up loving that old son of a bitch .
tr	7	" What we just went through is a human bubble .
tr	9	Sarah was aghast to see the chimp chain smoking cigarettes .
tr	9	I thought that place was under quarantine .
tr	10	Do you know what he meant ? '
tr	7	Malcolm was soon with me , gently lifting me up by the arm .
tr	9	" Well , I think your job for the moment is no longer needed .
tr	8	asked Penny , looking sternly at Jonesy .
tr	6	" Okay , I get you but ... then what is fear ? "
tr	8	" You have to come now . "
tr	6	What are you doing here ? "
tr	10	They 've had centuries to create accent and pattern , if not actual dialect . "
tr	5	All of her , not just her body , but her heart and soul and her brilliant mind .
tr	11	I have to tell them some of it , but how much ?
tr	10	Maria asked assuredly knowing what Connor 's response would be .
tr	5	" And assault rifles , no doubt . "
tr	6	" Another few -- " He stopped cold , bringing his index finger to his lips in a shushing motion .
tr	10	Who wants to kill me !
tr	11	" Then what do you suggest we do boy ? "
tr	6	It will not delay us more than an hour . "
tr	10	After Jonesy , Maggie was to complete the same four flights with Jonesy in the copilot 's seat .
tr	11	Are you ready to go back ? "
tr	6	You can do all this . "
tr	7	He held his breath and grimaced with pain .
tr	8	She relaxed into the softness of the mattress .
tr	5	Not to mention Sebastian 's arm , leg , and a few ribs .
tr	7	" You have chosen well my friends .
tr	7	" I have another message now , " she informed him .
tr	8	The building appeared to be an old metal shop .
tr	5	" Hey you two , better not drink all my beer .
tr	9	I need to end it all .
tr	9	Gabe presents himself with a cheeseburger and a can of Red Bull .
tr	11	It was not something they had thought about before .
tr	10	The doctor had moved to the side of the bed and was checking stitches on Gabriel 's neck .
tr	11	" Anyone want to guess at the significance of that little nugget ? "
tr	10	Opening the canopy he climbed out with difficulty after twelve hours in the tiny cockpit of the plane .
tr	7	" What 's the reason for the summons then ?
tr	11	It 's imperative that you accept that and do not trouble me about it further .
tr	6	' Set Throttle , lock undercarriage , close bomb doors , check flaps neutral , set props . '
tr	9	Neil crossed his eyes and made one eyeball swivel back and forth .
tr	7	Marco , until a year ago , was the Prism leader for Colombia and Venezuela .
tr	6	Chapter 9 The Argument he jungle path seemed stranger and more mysterious at night .
tr	6	he looked like a little boy on Christmas Day .
tr	11	I ordered a painting , which should have been large-scale .
tr	7	From different angles it looked alternately like a creamy , ceramic antique , and a razor-sharp surgical implement .
tr	5	I thought ... " I stop .
tr	7	He had not counted on this .
tr	7	" This is my new friend Rudolf , from Germany , " Tiago grinned .
tr	6	Crossing my arms , I looked past him out the carriage window .
tr	7	Forget I even asked . "
tr	6	The back wall of the control tower now shielded him from any sharp eyes within the mining complex .
tr	10	Logan or the others would have to be coming along soon .
tr	11	" Oh , come on ; you know I 'm just fascinated with history -- like you .
tr	8	Are you eating properly ? "
tr	7	A massive weight of water -- a ton a cubic metre -- pressed heavily on the loosely packed overburden .
tr	11	She looked over one shoulder then the other and Scott got the distinct impression she had lost something .
tr	9	The prey is a sharp bright point skittering across a branch next to me .
tr	9	" I have heard of him , anyway , and his partner , Cantwell . "
tr	8	A second shot at the blue light below him destroyed the suspension and brought Mac back to ground level .
tr	9	Rifles at the ready , they carefully studied their surroundings but could see no signs of danger .
tr	9	He purposely leaves these texts for me then asks about them later .
tr	9	" What ... what ... " I can 't form the words .
tr	10	He scanned the room and saw their heavy ping pong table in the center of the room .
tr	6	" Yes you are , my love , " she laughed , her cheeks still hurting .
tr	7	At one point her legs collapsed under her in pure exhaustion and we still had two days walk left .
tr	7	She needed time , she needed space , and she needed more patience from the world .
tr	5	In the orchard it was cold and dank and green .
tr	6	" That is a good start , John .
tr	10	" It is time to put my brothers and sisters to rest . "
tr	6	" Turn left , " Logan whispered in my ear .
tr	8	When they came back into the kitchen , their clothes were wet .
tr	7	There was a main street , the only street , but many of the buildings were nowhere near it .
tr	10	Then the new king leaned forward , small tears lining the corners of his eyes .
tr	8	" But ... you ... shot me , " Maya declares stubbornly .
tr	10	They 'll be too busy with witty comments to keep on rioting . "
tr	11	It wasn 't like she had never exactly done something like this before .
tr	8	As his window came down , the air conditioning of his Lexus kicked in harder as it fought the sweltering humidity .
tr	10	Now her features were blotted and streaked with dirt , and they were obscured by the idiotic expression on her face .
tr	9	' My grandfather was not responsible for your father 's death , ' I said slowly .
tr	6	I would not trust her .
tr	9	You haven 't eaten the forbidden fruit have you ? "
tr	11	Chapter Fourteen I 'm to die today .
tr	7	" Okay , so how did you ' run into them ' ? "
tr	5	" Oh no , wait , I mean fourteen years . "
tr	9	Missy ran to the base of the fat pine tree and circled it .
tr	8	High above the assorted facilities , an old woman meditates among a sea of candles .
tr	5	" What the hell is your problem ? "
tr	10	The canopy of trees above them was so tightly woven that none of the water was falling around them .
tr	7	He kicked and punched the girl into unconsciousness , and left her bleeding on his floor .
tr	9	I followed with a kick sending them both to the ground .
tr	7	Lesser dragons often fished the lagoons and wider ocean , but they always returned to their nesting ground among the volcanoes .
tr	6	Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in amused bewilderment .
tr	6	" Well , well , well , surfing the snatch on company time . "
tr	5	" Yes , Elder , " the man responded .
tr	6	The thought spread warmth through his soul .
tr	9	Jason turns to his former Yeoman and raises an eyebrow , " What is it commander ? "
tr	11	You know how I feel about gallivanting around .
tr	8	On either side of the river the banks rose like cliffs making the city quite impregnable .
tr	8	Helen raced to her computer and logged in , fumbling her password on the first try .
tr	9	The swirling breeze carried Melody 's scent to the zombies faster than she had expected .
tr	6	She shook off the strange sensation and gave him her widest smile .
tr	10	You say that will fix it all .
tr	10	That gene went missing when the guy was born ! "
tr	8	" At least we should pick that up fairly easy , " Tate said .
tr	10	" I don 't want to talk about it .
tr	5	Then he whipped his head around , and shouted , " Shields !
tr	8	The president paused for a moment to consider his words .
tr	7	The room , the clock , your chair and my attitude , were all a very well planned attack .
tr	9	" He wants to talk to us now ? "
tr	8	I hadn 't thought of it that way yet .
tr	7	There was one overriding fact to these incidents .
tr	6	The sounds were better : songbirds and owls .
tr	10	It was as if the king had simply melted into thin air .
tr	6	The ultimate student had found his ultimate teacher .
tr	9	" Do you mind if I try ? "
tr	8	It was a terrible lack of courtesy , and I was mortified by my tardy hospitality .
tr	6	" Thanks , Herb , Everything going OK ?
tr	11	asked Henry , his second team chief , who had come near them .
tr	8	The dog leaped and snatched it , swallowing it in seconds .
tr	8	Devil or not , he 's about to die .
tr	8	As long as they had food , they were satisfied .
tr	9	He was carrying a short bow and a quiver of arrows .
tr	9	" He 's been prone to devastating head pains since he was a small child .
tr	9	' That 's impossible , ' Anna stated flatly in the silence that followed .
tr	8	He let out a howl and in the process let go of my arm .
tr	8	The doctor remained on the floor gripping his stomach , moaning in pain .
tr	10	The gunfire was still going strong when we emerged in the reception seconds later .
tr	8	She heard his deep voice say , " Good morning , may I join you ? "
tr	10	When was the last time he had used that word ?
tr	8	he said as he walked out .
tr	9	Cover image : " Who Shall Be Captain ? "
tr	9	We have around us some of the best fighting men in the world .
tr	9	What to do with myself .
tr	11	The smile jumps right back onto Gabe 's face as if it was only taking a breather in the wings .
tr	11	And when I 'm done , you 'll know why Salazar has to die . "
tr	11	Therefore the boys got up at the crack of dawn to gallop off in pursuit of the Turks .
tr	9	" We can 't drive around on the other side of the hill ? "
tr	8	You two don 't have to come . "
tr	9	' Yeah me too -- like I 'd be a five minute ego boost .
tr	9	" Put Gavin and Aidan in trees when you get to the camp , yeah ? "
tr	7	This nurse was smaller and thinner , but she smoothed his forehead in the same way .
tr	9	What do I have to be nervous about ?
tr	9	It seemed to take hours and when I looked up we weren 't outside at all .
tr	7	We shoot the lock , roll out of the carriage , and run through the darkness .
tr	8	Resting his head in his hand and his elbow on one knee , Landon closed his eyes and tried to sleep .
tr	10	" At first light on Saturday morning we 'll push on to Allahabad in India .
tr	5	At first light , a light fog covered the Sabine River valley .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah ... " Shirley heard the front door open and close .
tr	8	The markets have become in many respects the largest criminal enterprises in human history .
tr	8	The last thing he heard was , " Just darkness , forevermore . "
tr	9	Do we have salsa ? "
tr	7	" Fancy another evening of adventure lads ? "
tr	10	She lay astounded but managed to conceal her awed .
tr	10	There was always more going on with the adults than they would tell him .
tr	11	" I 'd tend to agree with that , " Ghost agreed , inclining his head toward Penny .
tr	11	His foster brother 's face was flushed , a thin film of perspiration covering it with an unhealthy sheen .
tr	10	In this calmer environment the cousins were able to gradually prepare for their vital mission .
tr	8	These groups are aggressive and appear bent on conquest and destruction .
tr	8	" Where you from , Julio ? "
tr	9	" We were ordered to help the captain .
tr	5	The furniture was plentiful and luxurious .
tr	8	That 's exactly what she is , a heifer . "
tr	9	Donovan had come not forty minutes after John was found .
tr	9	The title is supposed to be ironic .
tr	9	- I would prefer to go home .
tr	9	Suddenly , his Sarcophagus began to fill with water .
tr	11	Don 't worry about having been lonely , or being lonely in the future .
tr	7	They all heard her yelling at the girl to stop .
tr	10	She envied Wendy being in Sarawak or wherever she was .
tr	9	The next day , we left the hotel early and went to buy some suits .
tr	7	First , the Orb had not been defeated : the Falcon had not been found .
tr	6	Back up to the second office window . "
tr	11	" It feels like I need to be disinfected . "
tr	8	Leaving the engine on , I stepped out of the Audi 's warm interior and crossed over .
tr	7	" Right , " Taylor scowled , " you could have given me a heads up . "
tr	7	The answer , I 'm afraid , is yes .
tr	6	' A little bit , ' I said with a faint smile .
tr	9	I don 't want to hear your lies ! "
tr	6	Adele closed her eyes and was still .
tr	5	See , I put my black dressing gown on .
tr	6	" For you , my lord , after this day , it should be the imperial eagle . "
tr	6	She nearly gagged on the words .
tr	9	I find absolutely nothing wrong with the phrase " America Love it or Leave It ! "
tr	9	' I asked Victor to do the same with yours .
tr	10	" You think I stand a chance with her ? "
tr	8	I didn 't mean ... " " Don 't worry about it , kiddo .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	9	Reggie admitted it made sense in a way .
tr	7	Her face was heavily wrinkled , yet made lively by her curious , questing eyes .
tr	6	Defiance was in her own cold voice .
tr	9	Do you have ID ? "
tr	6	' This is interesting , ' Reid said a few minutes later .
tr	6	This is insane , " my voice squeaks .
tr	9	If you can maintain a positive emotional mood or vibration you will live the equivalent positive life experience . "
tr	10	A dog can almost read a person 's mind by staring into their eyes .
tr	8	They laughed together in the warmth of the kitchen .
tr	11	" You might not get fired from this job because your dad is the boss , but I can . "
tr	7	Its people are weak , cowardly ... spineless . "
tr	10	" I seem to have lost the Ares beacon , " he muttered .
tr	9	Dan Jansen 's gaze shot to the far side of the yard and widened sharply .
tr	7	Islam is the only light for Latin America .
tr	10	It was an enmity that led to war .
tr	8	The constant flicker of text in his peripheral vision served as a reminder of his new abilities .
tr	9	Skull had taken away the book from her with a dagger on its hand .
tr	8	He had to warn them .
tr	6	Rick turned to Abby and shrugged , totally baffled .
tr	6	" Yeah , this is pretty scary , " she confessed .
tr	9	Bryony came hurrying to Edwin 's side .
tr	5	Until the next and last time we meet , take care . "
tr	8	There was so much to do .
tr	11	I ended up being nothing more than the bait for his hook . "
tr	7	Though his face burned red , he really couldn 't blame them .
tr	8	He returned the gesture quickly , clasping the man 's wrist .
tr	8	" There 's something out there , " Mai interrupts , a curious anxiety in her voice .
tr	9	" What -- what in the name of the Empress is she doing ? "
tr	8	Can you imagine anyone ever mixing me up with a Bolivian ? "
tr	5	Gabe laughs a small laugh .
tr	8	He sees himself as the people 's leader and not their oppressor .
tr	8	The crowd screamed , and the executioner kicked the box out from Kurt 's feet .
tr	6	Campbell took the tablet and read over it .
tr	6	That will be the " riding coupon " .
tr	7	At that moment , an arc of brilliant violet light pierced the cold grey of the sky .
tr	10	She felt it begin to move .
tr	10	" Am I to report for execution ? "
tr	7	I 'll get to it later .
tr	11	But to think that day might be today angered him beyond measure .
tr	6	Only the pain was gone but the wound was still there . "
tr	6	No scent at all , no scent of animal or man , no scent of evil .
tr	8	said Abby , going closer to him .
tr	6	With shaggy brown hair and bright eyes , Mark stood in the store with a mop and bucket .
tr	8	Who would give up first , Uncle Night Walker or the cougar .
tr	8	Take both if you can , ride one whilst the other rests .
tr	10	His heart soared when he looked into her eyes , and she mouthed , " Later . "
tr	7	" It will be fine , Eda . "
tr	8	" The path to Hell is paved with good intentions , " he growled low under his breath .
tr	8	He tried to shrug it away .
tr	5	Your protector , your Joseph , was that help .
tr	11	" Do you have something in mind , Mr. President ? "
tr	8	Ben tied the handkerchief tightly around Michael 's ankle and the pain immediately eased .
tr	10	The next sequence they had played at least ten times as it happened so quickly .
tr	8	Fifteen minutes later , we strolled inside the lobby of my building .
tr	6	" Those puffy little clouds coming up there , " Marie starts a sentence , and trails off .
tr	7	I felt Anna stiffen beside me and gripped her hand tightly .
tr	9	Ted waited for a few more minutes , watching the front of the bank building .
tr	9	" This is Wendy Mason , I actually have an appointment to see him this afternoon .
tr	8	The sun set in a dazzling display of gold and red .
tr	7	Every heat-resistant tile under her wings and fuselage was checked , and her fuel loads calculated time and time again .
tr	6	One day during the presidential campaign , the vice presidential candidate , George H. W. Bush , was in town .
tr	10	If you really want to resign , then let me know and I 'll talk to General Matthews .
tr	6	" I like those too , " I reply .
tr	5	It is cooler down here , shadowy and bare .
tr	11	These were braves in their late teens that had not much experience in real combat .
tr	6	You looked so relaxed and normal , but then Baby Julian gave you away . "
tr	10	If the Prince hadn 't known better , he would have said it was terrified .
tr	8	You should know how I feel .
tr	8	" Now I 'm camping every night in good company .
tr	11	You haven 't enough money to buy a new seat for your breeches .
tr	10	After checking the rooms for signs of forced entry , I showered , redressed my wound and changed into fresh clothes .
tr	5	" But what about the monster ? "
tr	8	And all the proceedings were accompanied by the most melodious and extraordinarily tender music .
tr	9	" He told me I wouldn 't remember your name .
tr	10	David thought for a moment , George 's fellas are keeping an eye on her , shouldn 't be a problem .
tr	8	" Beats the heck out of me , " he replied , running his fingers through his hair .
tr	11	" I own this house and I can come in any time I like .
tr	10	Would he be able to hear Sarah 's group on the road ?
tr	8	Louis was called a traitor to his people , and they killed the king .
tr	8	You just cut the man 's ... " The guy was moving both his arms and his legs !
tr	9	" I 'm going to miss him .
tr	9	I was starting to get annoyed .
tr	10	What will govern those who govern ?
tr	10	The occasional jarring would rouse me , but for the most part , I let myself be carried along uncaring .
tr	9	Let 's go to the computer centre and talk about everything . "
tr	10	Donovan had just enough tea left in his thermos for one last cup .
tr	5	" Hey , Tristan , I need your opinion . "
tr	9	After a quick scheduled refuelling stop in Mumbai , most passengers took the chance to get some rest .
tr	6	" Think of it , being a bubble bath , then you don 't rinse .
tr	9	' Okay , suppose we had management , ' Raphael cut in .
tr	8	" And I certainly can 't fight anything off like you can either .
tr	7	' We don 't often see new immortals around here , ' he continued in the same light-hearted tone .
tr	9	Conway and Leclerc moved to close around them , fingering triggers , still facing outward .
tr	6	" It wasn 't a directive , " Sykes replies after a moment .
tr	8	Miriam sighed and flopped onto one side , and the other after a few minutes .
tr	7	He parked his Buell motorcycle illegally on the sidewalk and trotted up the steps to the third floor .
tr	6	Glowing reflections of pale light on the water float , webbed and shifting , against the stone .
tr	10	Even the cook was grinning as he brought out some more breakfasts .
tr	6	The other two , Jayne and Pepper , wandered over and sniffed around me .
tr	9	Really , to meet the girl in this little shack on the far edge of nowhere !
tr	11	Did I ask you to speak ? "
tr	8	His gaze drifted to one of only two windows in the office .
tr	6	My accuracy was improving , but the strength was still not there .
tr	9	Whatever it is ye want , I 'll give ye my word . "
tr	8	" You will fall to Link , " she shrugs , suddenly apathetic .
tr	10	He felt six impacts as each of his companions slammed into the previous one when he halted .
tr	9	He certainly couldn 't afford for anyone to find that .
tr	5	" Such a shame that world has such a small water supply . "
tr	8	He moved well despite his affliction , but he was in a hurry -- he 'd soon tire at this pace .
tr	10	He recalls the life that was in her eyes .
tr	7	Nodding with understanding , the young boy brushes a hand through his short blonde hair nervously .
tr	7	So he looked at her and said it again .
tr	7	" We need to talk . "
tr	5	AND NOW UNDERSTAND THIS : YOUR PARENTS KNEW THINGS MUST HAPPEN .
tr	7	Both of them are now recent graduates and pursuing their professional writing goals in Edmonton .
tr	7	I said , " One bottle only take the rest back . "
tr	9	She was equally pleased to see him .
tr	11	The whole idea of putting her in danger among the other pirates made his palms sweaty .
tr	8	As they walked outside , he mopped his face and they turned and walked down the street .
tr	10	' You mean it could be on the blink ?
tr	8	The young boy made a face , crossing his arms over his chest .
tr	5	" The Ice Lord - " " Is not down here . "
tr	6	The captain 's cabin lay two doors down the passageway .
tr	8	Would the little girl even let him look in the backpacks .
tr	5	All my family , even the vampire I shared no biological ties to .
tr	9	As a matter of fact , most people disappoint me as much as I disappoint myself .
tr	10	To say she is dressed would be an exaggeration .
tr	6	" You can see , Serena , the power one voice can have , " he gestures to the crowd .
tr	11	All the better for us , although it doesn 't make our job any more appetizing .
tr	6	" They are colorful , " he said and closed the bag .
tr	10	At last they reached the area where Dave and Rob had attacked them and the trail narrowed .
tr	8	Noah decided to change the subject .
tr	10	We need to use what tools already exist .
tr	7	" I 've heard several stories about their beginnings .
tr	5	" Just the important details , OK ? "
tr	7	Theodosia stood at the window , her arms held stiffly down by her sides .
tr	6	" Come in , the door 's open , " said a faint voice from within .
tr	10	Her knees buckled as his weight slammed into her and they crashed to the ground .
tr	5	" I didn 't - " " Yes , you did ! "
tr	8	William could feel his pulse quickening , his anger rising .
tr	5	Okay , now Jimmy was really worried .
tr	7	" I am going to bed , before the sunrise .
tr	9	Nothing short of astonishing , and oh , how astonished the girl will be .
tr	7	I said angry to them and entered my room .
tr	10	He sends his daughter to be your companion and his ear .
tr	7	" The crowd seemed less than pleased about today 's address . "
tr	10	" It will pass if he will respect his treatment . "
tr	7	Chris wasn 't sure about that .
tr	10	Compounding that , they had legitimate bones to pick with their neighbors .
tr	10	Her planned itinerary took them from London to Kuala Lumpur and then on to Kuching in Sarawak .
tr	10	I pointed at the driver , making gestures for him to pull over .
tr	8	No further transactions have been made since then . '
tr	7	" Run to the limo , " cried William .
tr	6	" For one thing , we haven 't engaged the enemy yet . "
tr	10	Shadows only it seemed , but shadows that lived and could survive even in the light of day .
tr	11	Had the time gone by given him the courage to share ?
tr	11	Probably they should have thanked us for taking it for them . "
tr	6	" Even if not stolen ... yacht is worth good deal money . "
tr	8	" Did any of them make it inside ? "
tr	5	' Yes , well , everyone needs a break now and then .
tr	7	Pedro was still very young , inexperienced about life .
tr	8	I could not have gone on much longer anyway -- I 've been in better health . "
tr	5	Today , for the first time , the teacher 's aid desk was occupied .
tr	9	" It 's going to be fine .
tr	9	Rand turned and led the way to one of the tents .
tr	11	That 's one thing that has reduced the clan to its present state .
tr	9	" Let 's let them tell it . "
tr	9	Who knew what arteries were severed ?
tr	7	" Yes , I was her lead researcher in Jakarta . "
tr	9	As they approached , Reggie noticed only one small unassuming man on the other side of the table .
tr	7	Taylor got up from his chair and turned to Lilly Ann .
tr	9	But the moment they left the fever once again swept through the group .
tr	9	When the men left the cabin she stepped out of the shadows and heard a sound from the closet behind her .
tr	9	The old house had become a home away from home for her .
tr	9	They must first decide where to move .
tr	9	" I can 't allow you to get hurt . "
tr	7	The Satanists used the most hi-tech and cutting edge technology on you .
tr	8	All I can find is a funeral policy for him , your mother and strangely enough , one for you .
tr	7	" I suppose I do .
tr	9	I tried to prop him up , but his legs buckled .
tr	11	The sting of the hot bullet made me see red when I closed my eyes .
tr	7	The magic shield glowed brighter again , and the Spell Wizard 's fireball bounced harmlessly off it .
tr	9	" You 're the first one I thought of . "
tr	9	My blog isn 't going to write itself .
tr	6	Trig sparkles in bright white light then turns , immediately , midnight black .
tr	6	She truly has a catching smile -- warm and real .
tr	8	" Maile , " he whispered , reaching for her shoulder with a frown .
tr	11	Shadow had set the poisoned needle propulsion velocity slightly higher than required in order to counter the wind .
tr	10	It wouldn 't be easy to lose Mia .
tr	6	Holding his groin , he staggered over to his friend .
tr	9	" Night , Dad , " Alex said sleepily , as she gave a hug and a quick kiss .
tr	9	She had no idea what to expect .
tr	9	What they had gave them a running start into whatever world existed outside .
tr	6	Behind all those walls , behind that radiant charm and those perfect features , lay a scared and lonely man .
tr	8	I pulled my hat low , to hide my face .
tr	7	The door to the library was closed , but the handle turned at once .
tr	6	" No , I really must insist , " she said .
tr	9	He said it so bluntly , that for a moment they both stared at him .
tr	8	Then a flare , red as a dying sun shot up into the clouds casting a bloody glare over the ice .
tr	9	He remembered his call sign , but not really when he got it .
tr	5	" I agree , my love , " his mother , Stasi Andretti said .
tr	11	So , we have to assume that the entire herd is infected .
tr	6	Simon spluttered , but the guard had already left .
tr	10	An extra egg would have been a very hard prize to resist .
tr	9	" Couldn 't we sleep in the car and recommence our search early in the morning ? "
tr	7	The other boy 's hair was long and curly , down to his shoulders .
tr	9	I busted it up and burned it in the wood stoves last winter , " Ted said .
tr	6	Harry disappeared out of the thicket .
tr	9	' The bear left in the direction of the rising sun , ' he said .
tr	7	They all bowed at the waist , and the ambassadors expressed their condolences for his loss .
tr	9	The beaters had taken their places and started moving forward slowly though the long grass .
tr	10	He must have been speaking to her , she didn 't know .
tr	11	I 'm not going to have a problem with her water system .
tr	8	I 'll talk with Joseph , hear his next move , reconvene with you two , and go on from there .
tr	8	The old gatekeeper came out of his little turret to open the old iron doors .
tr	5	Fine breads , fruits , and even a few thick , cured sausages bounced free .
tr	10	He turned to look at Brazen , " Colonel Walker ? "
tr	8	Claire turned at the sound of the lilting Scottish voice behind her .
tr	7	His fingers tightened on his dog 's collar .
tr	8	And as the battle reaches its climax , for some , life will never be the same .
tr	10	I lapsed into silence , afraid that my words would betray my emotions .
tr	7	But the gods and goddesses of the world , whether Greek or Anatolian , didn 't show themselves to just anyone .
tr	11	It surprised her to find new names for parts of her body she never knew had names .
tr	7	A shimmering blade appeared in dead Sven 's decrepit hand .
tr	7	One of the gates opened , and someone stepped out .
tr	6	The arrow flew forward and pierced her icy , frozen forehead .
tr	6	One of the fluorescents needed a new ballast and flickered annoyingly .
tr	8	I crawled over to the prisoner , fearing for his life .
tr	5	" The most cool teacher I ever known .
tr	5	" Sel , please , he 's not a serial killer . "
tr	7	With one fierce blow to his heart , she killed him .
tr	8	The ceiling was higher than the tunnel outside .
tr	11	At first he was able to move his big toe , Mr. Big 's favorite .
tr	9	We 'll stop off at Norwich to break the journey . "
tr	11	The scientist told us there were six researchers left in the laboratory .
tr	10	She set me homework and I 've learnt that beauty really is a choice .
tr	6	" All right , children , " Ash said , " head out and guard the streets . "
tr	9	" Chuck died for the good of all mankind and we leave it there . "
tr	11	We shared similar heritage , and I was resting upon a massive bed while she lay in squalor .
tr	9	" Yeah , I know what you 're talking about , " answered Brazen .
tr	6	" But that 's an expensive motor vehicle , VIN ! "
tr	8	It sounds like fun , and I want ' astronaut ' on my resume .
tr	7	Instead , upon disembarking a while later , the old man said , ' Monroe 's the name .
tr	7	They couldn 't have handled it .
tr	5	" Maybe this marriage was a bad idea , after all . "
tr	7	" Because I tremble you mean ? "
tr	5	For a huge dinner , hopefully .
tr	10	How can I remember something I don 't know ? "
tr	5	A few minutes later , Nash made a great three-point shot .
tr	9	He walked out onto the pitch of the stadium and took a deep breathe .
tr	9	The room was suddenly lighter with a few bright streams of sunlight piercing the heavy curtains .
tr	9	When the two men broke out of the brush and sprinted toward him , the sight galvanized the group .
tr	8	It was impossible to rush .
tr	7	This was news to him .
tr	6	" What window 'd he shoot out ? "
tr	8	Riki , her head held high , left the room and closed the door behind her .
tr	9	" Do you believe in ghosts ? "
tr	7	If you enjoy paranormal , romance , undead , demons and action-packed fantasy , you will absolutely enjoy this tome .
tr	7	" Tess , come here ... come quickly and take a look at this toilet . "
tr	10	How disappointing that every job is dull when it 's your job .
tr	10	Tori asked her when she was passing by her seat .
tr	7	Up ahead , fresh tire marks were visible in the dirt .
tr	9	As they rode , the Prince could feel the men behind them hot on their trail .
tr	5	A fourth person , and a voice that was definitely not male .
tr	8	" No need to apologize , " Taylor said , " no , really , thank you .
tr	10	She rose from her haunches and lashed her hideous tail , snapping off saplings as if they had been toothpicks .
tr	8	I 'm hoping the ion drives flutter against the wall .
tr	11	I wonder what other titbits I 'll discover ?
tr	8	I squeezed the triggers rapidly , shooting round after round into the cracking glass .
tr	11	The door was closed , but Nelly had the feeling that something had happened there recently .
tr	6	Bending forward , Alec took her mouth , first gently and sweetly , then deeper .
tr	11	Guess they figured I don 't count .
tr	10	The rest of the day was routine yet dragged for Dickie Mason waiting for the ' interpreter . '
tr	7	At some point during the night , the rains started up again .
tr	9	He grimaced wryly , looking down at Adele 's trembling mouth .
tr	10	It was practically unheard of for a tram to stop mid journey .
tr	8	" I 've never seen them so excited and united , " Rick whispered .
tr	9	You mean you don 't know him ?
tr	7	Unseen round the corner from the boys Natalie and then Sophia made themselves visible again .
tr	10	Col said , " She died the night after Gan was born .
tr	10	" I wonder how long they 'll be there , " Jessica continued .
tr	9	He made excuses to get away , and watched Yoshimura resume her conversation with the same three women .
tr	8	" but - " And that 's when I heard it .
tr	8	Is that you , che ? "
tr	9	Do you want anything ? "
tr	11	' And I think I may have found it too .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	8	No , I have to tell her .
tr	8	Harold made up his mind handing the folder back to Jim .
tr	9	I pull my notebook , all soggy with apologies , out of my bag .
tr	9	Adopted by a family in Canada , Thomas grew up and became a member of the Northwest Mounted Police .
tr	6	" Well -- " " There goes that ' well ' again , " I interrupted Aldershot this time .
tr	11	Are you ready to move on ? "
tr	7	And as for the sick , there 's no such thing as a free lunch . '
tr	5	" Yeah , they did , " Tori said and took out a big red book .
tr	11	There would be no fire and the fresh meat they had stored for supper would have to wait .
tr	11	He then proceeded to open a panel on the wall exposing a large plasma screen .
tr	5	" Maya , we save people .
tr	11	" I guess I 'll just get going , then , " said Ken Goodspeed .
tr	7	As one , we men knew nothing but the chase .
tr	7	" Um , no , forty minutes less than an hour . "
tr	6	" You 're not going alone . "
tr	9	" The people they stole that food from are long gone , " he told her .
tr	5	" Chris , Donny , Jake , have a seat .
tr	7	" Obviously we 'll look for her too .
tr	10	Raphael couldn 't think of another thing to say .
tr	9	They sat huddled over the speakerphone .
tr	11	He had been home on leave awaiting his first assignment when the Collapse came along .
tr	8	Julie was slow to answer .
tr	7	" Like three hundred volts of electricity were poured through my body .
tr	9	' We can be airborne in two hours , ' said Victor .
tr	7	Mana looked at her in silence for a moment longer .
tr	11	She felt herself pulled this way and that ; lost , hopeless , and somehow so very alone .
tr	6	" And if I was , I wasn 't for long .
tr	11	I have outlasted all who have challenged me .
tr	9	As if she 'd read his mind , there was a flash of heat around the clothes .
tr	11	The barrier sensed no dark presence on the creature that it let the bird passed through .
tr	7	The sign said , " TAKE FROM THE RICH AND GIVE TO THE POOR . "
tr	10	Did that mean that if someone was lying , the Secret Service would just ignore them ?
tr	6	" No , I 'm not kidding , and , yes , that is good news .
tr	9	If you cannot ... I shudder to think of the consequences . "
tr	10	I gently closed the file drawer and then dove under the open futon where Dad slept .
tr	7	Drops of sweat coated my hands , and the blood pulsed through my head like an opened spring .
tr	9	She 'd lived in Ireland so long she hardly noticed the sudden downpours any more .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	8	We still fight over trinkets ; they 've just gotten more valuable .
tr	9	" My dad can hold his breath for like three minutes , " Alex bragged .
tr	5	" Daytime , nighttime , any time you desire , my darling wife . "
tr	7	My name is James , people call me Jimmy ... ... .
tr	6	With each day passing , you become stronger and more aware of your responsibilities . "
tr	9	When 're you gon na wake up , huh ? "
tr	8	Before I sang my first lullaby to you , before I first felt you inside your mother 's belly .
tr	9	" I take it that wasn 't about your sister ? "
tr	9	" Trust me fellas , you don 't want any of this , " she said .
tr	10	They took turns washing their faces .
tr	10	" Tony stand up and place your hands flat on the table , " he ordered .
tr	8	~ Arthur Cobb knew something was up .
tr	11	She really looked well considering she was five months pregnant .
tr	6	Although , it does look kind of sexy on you . "
tr	9	It 's important you not get involved , as I said . "
tr	11	Rafe wondered where they were , if they were safe ?
tr	7	I rubbed his shoulders and pulled him to his feet .
tr	9	Robbie McElroy will be second in command as long as he is here .
tr	8	Behind them , the riders left behind not only their camp , but twelve years of education .
tr	11	She giggles , realizing what he 's getting at .
tr	6	It was odd , I felt heat , was too hot .
tr	10	He would have to climb up and have a look around .
tr	6	" He always followed your Air Force career , " his mother began .
tr	10	" No , that was the deal from the very beginning , made by my wife .
tr	7	The rats were the size of my arm . '
tr	6	She and John met him in the frontcourt .
tr	9	Scum ... rebels ... the worst dregs of humanity ... " " They 're better than you will ever be ! "
tr	10	Your teachers also admire you because of your ability to learn languages .
tr	11	Another humped mound that used to be a man drew his attention .
tr	7	Luckily , Eva was familiar with the entire palace .
tr	11	I need to know if we received it . "
tr	6	The colors set off her reddish hair and strange , dark orange eyes .
tr	8	Tori and Daniel ran to their rooms and didn 't even say goodnight to each other .
tr	11	" We have three hours before we leave for Germany ; I have time for something quick .
tr	7	Said the waiter , scaring me .
tr	6	" Swear you won 't kill him . "
tr	7	Lonnie and Ricky pushed past them and ran for the canoes .
tr	6	I yelled to Isaac over the winds .
tr	7	§ § § Gizmo and Marco slowly exited The Colony air space and were soon on their way .
tr	7	" You 're right , " he said softly , " Angelique 's wellbeing is more important than ours . "
tr	8	I presented myself at the gate , a massive affair with two sets of thick doors .
tr	10	We can 't sit on the couch in wet bathing suits , doofus ! "
tr	9	He said while everyone started laughing .
tr	8	When he went down , Sarah saw John standing behind him with a large manure shovel in his hands .
tr	11	I also understand why you want to recon south .
tr	6	" Right , " Jim said , " So where are we going now ? "
tr	9	I claim the throne in the name of my family . "
tr	8	You see , he waited for a full moon , left his castle and killed all of the peasants . "
tr	7	This catapulted the old pirate into loud laughter for a long time and in a hard , guttural manner .
tr	7	She 's online like all the time .
tr	10	There was no way he could manually fly the shuttle .
tr	7	Crossing his fingers again , he hoped , but again , there was no need .
tr	6	Resigned , and a little bit mad , the boy climbed back down to his forest .
tr	6	Kind , handsome , caring and a registered doctor , I might add . "
tr	11	He didn 't need the voice to tell him they were fires .
tr	7	He put down the money and leaned back , an action I watched via its reflection in the window .
tr	5	And for the last time , I 'm not your babe ! '
tr	10	He was glad this one was wearing clothes .
tr	9	I know it sounds corny , but it 's happened before , just look at Sherman . "
tr	7	" So the ship is off to Area 51 ? "
tr	10	Kurt nodded , unable to contain himself .
tr	10	The hunters were greeted by their wives and some of their children .
tr	8	He moved closer until our lips were inches apart .
tr	6	Its aft engines waiver and pulse , an occasional spark indicating much more significant problems inside .
tr	11	Also , do you want samples of the sheep 's blood ?
tr	10	The following day the Commander and David agreed to meet at the Bath Street Police Station rather than the Dragon .
tr	10	Rafe had never known a feeling like he experienced then , could not explain it .
tr	6	Incidentally , the Viscount here killed Otto some weeks back in a duel .
tr	6	Then you showed up with her . "
tr	6	It was the article and the print date was the following day .
tr	10	Their loyalty is above reproach , and I have spoken to them of the dangers to come .
tr	9	" Look , I 'm not supposed to be here .
tr	9	McCutcheon 's statement brought the alarmed gazes of all but one of the team members .
tr	11	At times she would find Ravin watching her when she looked up .
tr	8	It had been a uncharacteristically sentimental , so she remembered .
tr	10	It was a scouting party attracted by the overwhelming sweetness of the nectar splashed upon the pyramid .
tr	10	" Yeah , I 'll go with him , " he said , shivering in anticipation of the cold .
tr	10	But at least she 'd learned Stinky would not taste very good .
tr	7	" Months ago , my grandfather started acting jumpy and nervous .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	8	" The project presumes a search over a subject , human , to name it properly .
tr	6	In other words , very little , if anything , was Dr. Gallo 's original work at all . "
tr	6	The more you kill , the more numerous your own ranks grow , General Eno .
tr	9	Go to see her - you won 't be sorry . "
tr	6	Just then , an old woman came out into the yard .
tr	11	" We can 't bury them without tools , and we can 't spare the gas to burn them .
tr	10	I don 't want to run into any surprises . "
tr	7	" I 'm having my lunch first . "
tr	9	As she guessed , Noah was clinging to the side of the pool where the water and tile met .
tr	6	" Hey , " he exclaimed , " That island is moving ! "
tr	6	One minute on horseback , the next in the study , with its ledgers and timers and instruments .
tr	7	Jake popped the cap off a bottle and took a swig himself , and let the fire roll into his belly .
tr	10	Now the boys understood why all the furniture seemed so big in their grandfather 's house .
tr	8	" So what did your precious prayers tell you ?
tr	5	" Okay , uh , Victoria , what exactly is this thing ? "
tr	6	" Has he asked you to the ball game yet ? "
tr	5	' Soul came off our wanted list a long time ago .
tr	6	Her voice was just above a whisper .
tr	8	He wasn 't standing up at all , but rather sitting down .
tr	8	" Keeping the water boiling is the only time consuming consideration , " David responded .
tr	8	The large Lizard quit the fight by jumping off the fence .
tr	11	He and Melody had come out to the fire to cook a late dinner .
tr	10	He stopped momentarily to catch his breath ; it seemed incredibly difficult to speak each word .
tr	9	What you think and therefore feel and what manifests is always a vibrational match , no exception . "
tr	10	" Let me guess : they wore bowler hats with a silver diamond attached to it ? "
tr	11	Her hair waved behind her beneath a tiara he had given her that morning .
tr	9	" Yes , they are gathering forces for a major attack , " responded the younger voice .
tr	11	Navi asks under her breath , fluttering about in search of the ninja .
tr	10	" Well , sweetheart , did you notice the writing on it ? "
tr	7	" How do you believe in something you can 't see or touch ? "
tr	10	The gray rabbit stands apart from its huddled companions and stares at me with bright black eyes that seem strangely aware .
tr	5	With a crack , the corpse stood up .
tr	7	I looked at him serious , becoming emotional .
tr	5	But no , she wanted the glitz , glamour , flash and fame .
tr	9	Pulling himself off the ground with a whimper , Rift spots the monster hanging from the dangling platform above .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	7	She stared from Anna to me , the grey eyes wild .
tr	8	He pushed into Misty 's left flank and tried to pass .
tr	9	Their sculpted faces were filled with glass enamel in bright colors .
tr	11	Without hesitation , Mr. Hoover sprang into action , dashing across the grass in Melody 's direction .
tr	8	Behind him Tyler wreaks havoc with the rear particle canon , cutting into bulkheads and controls randomly .
tr	9	" Your brother was fine , but taking a bullet for me was never part of the deal .
tr	5	Of the six Jarrod children , Melissa and Erica were his only younger siblings .
tr	7	Hey ... " he reaches under his bed and pulls something into his arms .
tr	10	I know the Commander is involved but Hector has ways and means beyond those of his .
tr	7	To move this wheel they fought for every painful inch .
tr	8	Warrior soars in close , swings about , and slaps her tail across Lance 's face .
tr	8	As soon as the glue was set , he went to his gear again and returned with six new steel heads .
tr	6	Jolie whistled in the hall .
tr	11	" You know how CDs or computer chips would look to someone a hundred years ago ?
tr	9	It was tough but somebody had to do it .
tr	5	I do , my Lord , and father doesn 't always tower .
tr	7	The Taylor Foundation , a firm in Raleigh , owns the land .
tr	9	While it was late , I couldn 't bring myself to sleep just yet .
tr	10	Certainly he had never voluntarily conversed with any lady not related to him .
tr	10	I was glad he had said it .
tr	9	' I count ten signals within twenty feet of your position , ' came the solemn response .
tr	10	Steve , concerned about his balance , opted to strike mostly using his fists .
tr	10	They should have saved for their old age when they had the chance .
tr	9	" Ohhhhh , I 'm gon na get you ! "
tr	9	' Okay enough , ' John said standing offering Katherine his hand .
tr	7	" Well , why don 't you tell the man about it ? "
tr	8	They were about to launch .
tr	6	Let 's just get you home , then we can talk . " .
tr	9	" Alfred planned my murder , and he thinks he succeeded , " said Jacob .
tr	11	The edges and corners were rounded off to provide a more effective firing solution but the look was definitely boxy .
tr	8	Each new part or skin addition had to be tested .
tr	9	Melody closed the door and turned to face Ted .
tr	8	I 'm sorry if it was .
tr	8	Complete with the stubs of stone arteries sticking out from it .
tr	9	" You 're fine relax thunderbolt .
tr	9	This can 't be another dead -- " Abby 's analysis was broken by a screech and gasp .
tr	8	The stretch was about a quarter mile long and raised some ten feet off the water .
tr	8	There was a fair amount of background noise , but the two voices were clear and distinct .
tr	11	There was no way , she knew , she could hide the ghostly pallor that colored her skin .
tr	11	I didn 't want to be tied to him . "
tr	9	The rest had ridden out to carry out patrol duties .
tr	5	" Imagine , we started way up there . "
tr	11	The blow causes the combatant to slouch forward , losing its progress in retrieving its deeply embedded axe .
tr	10	Glancing up at the clock , Miriam saw that it was not as late as she thought .
tr	10	This station used the same system and so was one of the docking ports on the International Space Station .
tr	11	But the feathers that rose from the back of his head made Lucas fairly certain he might be an Indian .
tr	10	I 'd not only find out the secret behind Mom 's secret assignment but I 'd see her again .
tr	6	The memories of the previous night came back in a flash .
tr	9	Trying to get to Romain .
tr	11	I am glad you were away from it all . "
tr	8	Brazen smiled , " I can probably use a good second .
tr	6	The stag 's antlers spread wide and high above his head .
tr	10	" Take days to get him here and it might be a waste of time , " Angela Compton chimed in .
tr	8	To Landon 's surprise , the man 's solemn eyes turned to him instead of Elaina .
tr	9	" Late seventeenth century , like 1692 , but that 's all I know . "
tr	8	Dawn was approaching but they all continued to talk and talk .
tr	6	" They were KKK , " he said , his teeth added ten more " Ks " to the statement .
tr	10	The London flight was due in the middle of the night but Ben 's enthusiasm knew no bounds .
tr	11	She continued stroking his hair as his smile faded to concern .
tr	6	The room was no better , a collection of piled up clothing , dishes , and broken down furniture .
tr	9	Scale it back up to the size of our country and there is absolutely no difference with just this exception .
tr	5	God , what is happening ?
tr	9	Lance growls and sends a volley of pulse cannon energy towards him .
tr	6	' You never told us about the helicopter . '
tr	6	' Yes , it 's me , ' I lied in a steady voice .
tr	10	Captain Tompkins filled him in on what was happening .
tr	11	After lifting his night blinders , he reached out to turn on a bedside lamp before picking up the phone .
tr	9	This mess is his doing , after all .
tr	5	" The nasty she-wolf , the black one , and a new one . "
tr	6	Mark finally picked up a chicken strip and tried it .
tr	10	A small , cross-shaped , mark had appeared in the exact center of Mr. Hoover 's throat .
tr	7	And that ray of light outshines the sadness in my heart . "
tr	9	He mentally went over everything again and decided they were ready .
tr	6	" I don 't ' member , " she said sadly .
tr	7	" Old fellow bled you like a stuck pig and plucked your ribs like a harp . "
tr	8	' What we do next is up to you . '
tr	10	He felt confident they would be safe .
tr	7	A massive , circular beach surrounds a small pond of water at the center .
tr	7	There was a pause for a few more clicks before Pickett answered .
tr	7	I growled and ripped out of his grasp .
tr	11	After a moment , Jack must have realized he had lost her .
tr	7	" Abraham 's little sister , " she said simply , " Leila is my spirit guide , my inner being .
tr	9	That 's why he asked you , " shot Logan .
tr	11	I have to stop this before it 's too late .
tr	8	It 's on the exact opposite side of the main entrance .
tr	7	Finally Jake 's daddy and some of the other businessmen had a bigger fence constructed .
tr	10	The ability to read and write WELL is imperative as it is the basis for all other learning .
tr	11	Just then she was looking at him like he 'd lost his mind , but Cade didn 't care .
tr	9	Lars was sitting down in front of us , on a chair .
tr	8	Come to think of it , the captain hadn 't really changed at all .
tr	8	They looked like two dark pieces of rope .
tr	10	" Our idea was to use the cadets and cadre of the Murray State ROTC Program .
tr	9	She brought the head close to her face , crooning again , as if she 'd kiss its crown .
tr	9	So far she 'd only left the supersized hostel to buy tea and milk .
tr	6	' The lightning bolts are extraordinary - ' The disc slowed and stopped .
tr	8	Looking around the tram , I couldn 't help but think how pointless our concern was .
tr	8	I shot them a look back that said , ' Don 't threaten me with a good time . '
tr	7	Entering the chateau , I was instantly struck by the size .
tr	9	There was only the instrument panel in front of him to push against .
tr	5	Apparently families and summer camps made the Lincoln Memorial a regular afternoon stop .
tr	8	As they got to the doorway Gunnar hesitated .
tr	6	" Yes , you must , " a familiar French lilt repeated , and my heart stopped .
tr	11	Simon , surprised by Beppe 's fighting skills , fought against his urges to go to the rescue .
tr	9	He sent a wink and a smile her way before turning back to the screen .
tr	10	Is this who I 'm waiting for ?
tr	7	David introduced the three of them .
tr	6	The damage to the bridge was cleared away .
tr	6	" Yes , your experience on the field was far more challenging than the advancement test .
tr	6	" Those guys look mean , " Abby said .
tr	11	I 'm going to go sit down .
tr	7	A guard shack sat at the gate to the back entrance and Joey pulled up .
tr	9	" Did you come with her ?
tr	5	" Well , well , well , what have we here ? "
tr	8	The angel jumped up , rage alighting in his eyes .
tr	8	" Wow , " he mumbles , the revelations leaving him in a speechless stupor .
tr	8	The thought of Waving Willow rekindled his resolve to fight .
tr	9	They are involved with all of this mess too , obviously .
tr	6	The once brusque and impatient man turned into a loving father .
tr	9	The captain turned around , grimacing , obviously struggling with the command .
tr	7	He pushed the button on the remote , and an annotated transcript appeared on the far wall .
tr	9	I had to keep moving .
tr	9	Had to get through this .
tr	10	Separating what I wanted from reality had always been easy for me .
tr	7	Haus raised the blade in his right hand , screamed something unintelligible and came at me across the rooftop .
tr	9	When you see these you can act with confidence as you see fit . "
tr	8	The boss opened the box and carefully picked up one of the chocolates .
tr	11	It seemed they entered into a world of the dead .
tr	11	" As with so many of the Lodge of God 's Traditions , this is a matter of interpretation .
tr	9	Who else would kidnap one of the Children from the Fortress ?
tr	9	She found herself peeking down from a point a good thirty feet above a lush bog .
tr	11	He scuttled back , though it was obvious that the creature was dead .
tr	6	Then at last he followed the familiar voice to his friend and family doctor .
tr	5	A dirty , desperate tactic , but I had no other choice .
tr	8	Finally , in apparent disgust , Lilith stormed back off the roof , slamming the door behind her .
tr	9	He dragged the surprisingly light load up along the side of the house and out the front gate .
tr	9	" They know we can 't wait here forever .
tr	7	My father would probably faint with pride . "
tr	8	I breathed a sigh of relief , but my ears instantly caught another , more terrifying , noise .
tr	7	" Some things are best left unsaid .
tr	5	Your sister , the Lady , or your skeptical friends ? "
tr	6	' Not completely , obviously , ' he added at our expressions .
tr	11	I hadn 't realised Sky would need entertainment as well as accommodation .
tr	7	The trees trap the heat and turn it swampy around us .
tr	7	How much bliss can a man or a woman endure in one day ?
tr	8	Her legs buckled and one of the men grabbed her under her arm and kept her standing .
tr	10	Let me know what happens . "
tr	6	He wasn 't a material witness , though , was he ? "
tr	9	It took over an hour for the quick response team to arrive from Hereford .
tr	8	I only want cash for the car , " the old man said .
tr	7	The edge of his single blade , held in his upper right hand , hovered above the ground .
tr	8	Still , most Swiss German speakers could converse in regular German , if necessary .
tr	8	We both look up at the stars and don 't say anything for a while .
tr	8	He inherited the love of the land and its people from his mother .
tr	8	No sooner had they entered the lift than they found themselves on the uppermost floor of the pyramid .
tr	11	asked Frank , seeing a different Maggie than he had seen before .
tr	8	Paul knew he was right .
tr	6	They were both competitive field trial dogs and he shot over them regularly .
tr	6	" We 'll just go around the outside . "
tr	7	" It comes and goes , but on average , it 's about a 7 or 8 . "
tr	7	she said , instead of complaining .
tr	8	" I said that before , when I was angry and hurt .
tr	7	" Yeah , right now , " Alejo said , almost sounding apologetic .
tr	10	Answer now -- do not keep me waiting . "
tr	8	" You should come closer to the flames , you shall freeze over there . "
tr	7	" In that case best we both wear a helmet for the added disguise . "
tr	7	" Come on , be a sport , " Miriam cajoled .
tr	6	" Also , if you scream , they will blow your head . "
tr	7	" Well , shit folks , I ate whale too , " Mike reminded the two .
tr	8	Rabbit meat is extremely low in cholesterol and has an exceptionally high percentage of digestible protein .
tr	10	It was all that kept him going .
tr	8	Thick dust floated in the air of the dark burrow so the Snake 's senses became confused .
tr	9	When she passed where we were , we were expected to bow .
tr	8	It usually takes you a few more hours than this ! "
tr	7	He went into a breathing exercise , timing his inhalations and exhalations .
tr	9	Any shred of hope and dignity that once bloomed inside me , shriveled up and died .
tr	7	" Lovely , " Jack said , " We can always use new sex toys at the office . "
tr	10	I threw the bag to the ground and went to sleep on an empty stomach .
tr	11	And finally , I 've already got a job ... Lieutenant Governor for the state of Kentucky . "
tr	8	I mustered the most sugary voice I could .
tr	8	Breathing heavily , Mai exhales with a faint growl before initiating the final battle .
tr	11	He held up a hand as Bay Yan attempted to interrupt , then went on .
tr	9	The first wall , which stood opposite the entrance , was completely white .
tr	5	" Her Royal Highness approaches , Sir , " Rory announced breathlessly .
tr	6	" And how exactly did you learn our name , anyway ? "
tr	8	This place , like most everything else in his life , was disposable .
tr	10	They muttered angry words , words she could not understand .
tr	7	I blinked , the world reeling now .
tr	9	The voice behind him was deep and threatening , and the Prince spun to face its owner .
tr	5	" No , but it illustrates my point .
tr	10	John , what did you see ? "
tr	10	I 'd have to sleep in the bath .
tr	8	She considered for a moment and , to Cal 's relief , shook her head .
tr	5	The words " witch " and " crazy " reached me several times .
tr	10	" Don 't bother feeding me lies .
tr	9	" We have less than half the distance to go .
tr	7	The drive back to their base camp is a dangerous feat , even for the team 's fully equipped off-road vehicles .
tr	6	In answer , the man connected a wire to a terminal .
tr	11	The call came out as a roar , forcing the Citadel itself to vibrate .
tr	7	Instead , he took the dog 's full charge in the chest , sprawling backward .
tr	8	" You 're still making it up , " he said in disbelief , frowning at the images .
tr	10	They would , if only their fight wasn 't coming to an end .
tr	11	" I 'm sure something will turn up sooner or later , " Ted said .
tr	9	He wished the time would pass faster .
tr	7	He nodded to himself and turned back to the screen .
tr	5	The well-trained soldiers began their work .
tr	10	" It was my business , and my responsibility to know , " said Jacob .
tr	10	There was murmuring while everyone stared at me .
tr	7	He looked down at her , and sighed .
tr	10	Even if they know you 're involved , they still have to prove it before a jury .
tr	9	At least , that was how things were in songs and ballads .
tr	8	" We have now achieved one reentry from 300,000 feet .
tr	7	I went out from the toilette cabin , washing my hands .
tr	8	Don 't let me kill my brother .
tr	10	He is probably my age but is currently acting like he 's twelve .
tr	8	She and Pierre also developed a friendship under the vigilance of Roberto .
tr	7	She started across the field , wearing the same shorts and tee shirt as before .
tr	7	Sometimes , the sheer force of the swollen river just tears off a chunk of land from the bank .
tr	9	" I could have passed out and cut my head , " Andy suggested .
tr	11	Mac indicated the transmitter he had stolen from Northgate .
tr	9	' It 's my time to go , ' he said with a trace of relief .
tr	11	I knew what I was supposed to say .
tr	9	' No , only things I knew you 'd like , ' Raphael said .
tr	8	George got up and placed another log on the fire , it erupted in a shower of sparks and flame .
tr	6	After nearly a cycle , all diplomatic relations between our peoples had collapsed .
tr	10	Dane stood up , " In that case , we had better get moving .
tr	7	† † † September 19 , 1621 Today was an unpleasant day on the ship .
tr	9	I can take the first watch if you 'd like .
tr	10	After an awkward cough he begins to walk forward , doing his best to act casual .
tr	10	" What the ... " he said stupidly as he glimpsed the scene before him .
tr	8	Certain I can 't persuade you to stay ?
tr	9	He again glanced into the rearview mirror as he talked to Jimmy and Josie .
tr	7	Such matters should be duly thought out . "
tr	8	As my eyes adjusted to the sunlight , I noticed three figures resting under the tree , lounging in comfortable chairs .
tr	6	I tore the towel again , untied the first ripped piece and wrapped it back up .
tr	5	Sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , " " You really are an idiot .
tr	9	" I was in the WC ; call of nature if you must know . "
tr	7	Tim had a shower , got into his pyjamas and climbed into his own bed .
tr	10	Instead , I calmly pick at my wrists , only it 's hardly any use at all .
tr	9	It was not so much a gesture of respect as one of self-preservation .
tr	9	It had to burn out by itself .
tr	6	" I 'm a part time , wannabe successful and wealthy novelist and a part time free lance editor .
tr	9	Cutting off the electricity took away this illusion and forced them to admit reality .
tr	10	" Just come as you are Jennie it 's just a gun club . "
tr	6	" Can we watch them from here , T ? "
tr	11	I had to stop thinking about that .
tr	10	A light sea spray met her that was welcoming in the heat .
tr	11	He wondered vaguely if someday he too would forget his dreams of the sun .
tr	6	The country doc knelt , gave a cursory look , and then pulled out a notepad .
tr	11	Of course , he would have to do something about the warrior first .
tr	6	She looked down at her belted tunic and soft linen trousers , her usual outfit .
tr	6	" Pol , " he said , " why don 't you take a quick look down there ? "
tr	6	" Now , about your future , " the president started .
tr	10	" How are you going to make up for your big mistake ? "
tr	9	It 's a hell of a thing , being a changed man in the same old world .
tr	10	Ben said , unable to hide his irritation .
tr	8	He stepped closer , brushing the long blond tresses with his fingers .
tr	10	It was not the same group that left with him .
tr	9	Cassidy knows that Michael Greenwood is her one true love -- he just doesn 't know it .
tr	8	He 'd surrendered himself to thoughtless rage , and nearly suffered defeat because of it .
tr	10	At that he became aware of the servants counting the books in the library , just visible from where he stood .
tr	9	She screamed and had to be quieted .
tr	8	We were warned of his greatness , and now we have witnessed it . "
tr	11	" Let 's say their camp is up here . "
tr	9	" We could blow the whistle on NET now , get back to our normal lives .
tr	10	They 're sure to have horses , perhaps even dogs .
tr	7	Here and now , Mia felt an increasing distance between a world with and without him .
tr	6	To half the land we are a myth and to the other half we are ghosts . "
tr	10	" I 'm sorry , " she gasps , floating erratically , yet relieved she didn 't go too far .
tr	7	Now , servants and passing soldiers began staring at us .
tr	10	Once news of what happened reach the nearby cities it didn 't take long before the rumors started .
tr	8	What stood between them and success ?
tr	8	" Doctor Everett was always so very nice to me , " Maya says with a smile .
tr	9	" In bygone days a thousand fighting women scarcely were able to carve a road through its perils . "
tr	7	Pulling on a sweater , he slipped his feet into his trainers and set off for the kitchen .
tr	9	Not wanting to lose any opportunities , both combatants used their free legs to kick at each other .
tr	7	Over ... " " She 's still alive , though ... just shivering and muttering to herself . "
tr	8	CHAPTER TWELVE They needed more bullets .
tr	8	Errol began to think ambitiously .
tr	11	" I have no idea what 's going on , but it sounds dangerous .
tr	10	" What are we going to do , David ? "
tr	6	Six puzzled expressions shot back at him .
tr	9	That 's the best thing about being bait .
tr	7	Without looking back she strode across the square towards Fiona and the children .
tr	11	" It was bound do happen sooner or later . "
tr	7	There was one final cry from outside .
tr	8	She 'd spoken of her own goals , not his history .
tr	11	" But wouldn 't I fry if I was lying in a coma ? "
tr	6	In one bold move I threw the plate against the wall .
tr	9	We could have left two hours ago and no one would have noticed . "
tr	7	Just when all hope was lost , Akira stood up from her spot on the tatami mat .
tr	9	They will help you to get your Divine Gift back .
tr	9	cried the voice of the man with the red cape .
tr	8	" And you don 't know who it was ? "
tr	11	But Charlie knew what he was going to say .
tr	8	Someone cleared its throat near her ears , putting Sofia back into her knowledge .
tr	6	" Ask him why , " I said to Avril , abruptly .
tr	10	He disappeared inside the wagon , emerged a moment later with his saddlebags bulging .
tr	11	He switched his attention to getting a fire started and reflected on her question .
tr	9	A few yards away , McCabe was attempting to pacify the Arlington District Two police commander .
tr	11	I want to know everything about how you feel .
tr	10	We 're going to begin flight operations again next month when the shipment of jet fuel arrives .
tr	8	Only Calvin , on the horrible bass , played his lines as he ordinarily would have .
tr	9	Would she stay true to her never fading lightness and fun loving nature ?
tr	9	the wizard shook his head , scanning the pages of the book .
tr	6	That 's not a lie , she thought with surprise .
tr	7	' He 's alright , ' she said giving her bearded partner a wave .
tr	7	" So ancient it was made up about forty years ago ? "
tr	6	Much like Mr. Jones and his beer , my guilty pleasure is bacon and eggs .
tr	10	The aliens didn 't need to do that ; they can stop on a dime .
tr	8	" Sorry love , the last bed was taken just after you arrived .
tr	9	A third man was typing on a laptop computer at a small wooden table .
tr	8	To their left the mountain rose , to their right an abrupt edge , so forward they marched through the snow .
tr	10	A silence as absolute as that of the forest brooded over the walls and minarets .
tr	7	They had taken to each other immediately .
tr	6	Even though we were just there two days before .
tr	9	We won 't need guns to settle our business .
tr	7	She turned suddenly to Neil and pierced him with a look .
tr	7	When the referee was done , both boxers went back to their corners and waited for the bell to ring .
tr	10	It looks huge from up here , doesn 't it ? "
tr	9	-- worse news still ? "
tr	6	Five renowned research centers around the world have made a startling announcement today .
tr	9	" No , the legend says one inch equals ten miles , so it 's about five miles from here . "
tr	11	He looked calm but weary -- not tired , but a man who had seen too much .
tr	8	Bradley saw him right away and shouted , " Quickly , run , the Tenacious is following me ! "
tr	10	Chapter 15 The Second to Last Christmas for Many Boy , did the first beer taste good to Jonesy .
tr	8	I said , " Both at present . "
tr	9	Taylor reduced engine power and deployed wing flaps to the first notch for a steeper glide angle .
tr	9	He began to walk forward , toward the distant campfire .
tr	5	' Lovely -- blue Celestion speakers , fantastic cabinet .
tr	10	' So you 're telling me you 've never lost money ? '
tr	8	I glimpsed two figures running towards a dilapidated building off the road .
tr	8	If you don 't believe me , go and look for yourself . "
tr	10	The Prince knew who it was -- he always knew when one of the Children was near .
tr	6	" Have more wine , " I pushed a beaker towards him across the sticky table .
tr	5	" Sarah , " Tori whispered and Sarah came out .
tr	10	That she assumed someone had killed Mike spoke volumes about her history with his brother .
tr	7	" Eh , Roger , " queried Scarborough , " where 's the damned fiddle ? "
tr	7	They didn 't know about power .
tr	8	His senses rapidly grow fuzzy as his balance wavers , the room tilting and rotating around him slowly .
tr	8	The little boy 's shoulder strap was ripped and hung down across his chest .
tr	7	VIN then opened the station 's inner hatch , grabbed the floating battery and closed his hatch again .
tr	7	He got down on all fours and peered into the dark pool .
tr	6	" No , lass , it isn 't the children , " Mr. K assured her .
tr	10	We were in , I could feel Ra tearing through flesh and hear men screaming in rage and terror .
tr	9	And why do we buy what they 're selling ?
tr	11	" It won 't be funny when you 're convicted and put in jail . "
tr	7	Mark had a very ... federal ... feeling about him .
tr	10	I asked frantically , rushing over to inspect it .
tr	10	He knew he was acting childlike but he could not help himself .
tr	6	" Whoa , " he laughed , " slow down the horses . "
tr	6	The man did not respond , his eyes wary , and she smiled reassuringly .
tr	5	" Listen , I gave the State Fire Marshal a call today . "
tr	7	" The two big motors below the wings get her most of the way .
tr	8	But my sister trusts you , and that 's enough for now .
tr	6	Jumping up swiftly , I grabbed Paul up and maneuvered a few yards away .
tr	9	The anguish in John 's voice brought Sarah out of the daze of pain that clouded her head .
tr	6	His older sister Lauren stood in her cap and gown in her graduation photo .
tr	9	As Strauss 's eyes adjusted to the room 's harsh lighting , he noticed the naked corpse lying nearby .
tr	6	" She is on the other ship ! "
tr	11	" If it comes at all , let 's hope it 's not this night then . "
tr	8	Because it doesn 't matter anyway .
tr	11	I just don 't think she 's much of a lady . "
tr	7	Aimee asked , a hand on my arm .
tr	9	You could wing it to a certain extent when you cooked , but baking needed exactness .
tr	6	" The range NCO in your bunker carries a sidearm .
tr	6	" Dammit , " he murmured , resting his face in his hands .
tr	7	" Oh , " said 007 , " I love these conversations .
tr	7	Julie looked away and her mother answered for her .
tr	5	Demonic possession , child sacrifice , theft from the blood bank by vampires ? '
tr	9	" Sir , if what you 're saying is true , then I think you have a bigger problem .
tr	10	Harald turned around and shouted , " The River Guard and all the servants will sleep in the tents .
tr	10	I had my suspicions , but to hear it stated out loud made it real .
tr	7	His mother had a graduate degree in Progressive Multicultural Tolerance Studies .
tr	10	Melanie and Tara looked at each other and seemed to come to the same conclusion .
tr	6	Then Della 's thoughts went to her mom and dad and sister playing board games without her .
tr	6	Besides their obvious anger , admirable drive , and extensive reach , the gang 's very actions were maddening .
tr	10	There 's a bad storm coming , for sure , he thought .
tr	10	I said , " Good we can use you see Dan , our engineer . "
tr	11	" My mother taught me to believe in the One before she was taken .
tr	9	asked Paco getting back into the driver 's seat .
tr	10	Make it harder than it is for you now .
tr	8	I could not have chosen better than you .
tr	10	He never ceased to amaze Ted with his intuition .
tr	7	" We can still fix this , we can still make this right . "
tr	8	I drew the Glock and fired blindly into the night .
tr	7	Dinner was what he expected .
tr	11	Mac called out to the man to see if he would respond .
tr	9	Since you 're going to History , would you mind taking this to Mr. Singer .
tr	10	" I knew Portland would be picked over .
tr	10	Again the brother and sister regarded each other , and a message seemed to pass between them .
tr	11	The image was fuzzy , phasing in and out and breaking up with vertical lines of static .
tr	10	He smiled at her when she finally let go of the glass .
tr	6	" But , unless I give him the necklace ... " " No , " he interrupted sternly .
tr	6	As before , he wore a tall red pointed cap and a green vest .
tr	7	Or at least do a bit better , " Neil added .
tr	5	Leith 's current expression wasn 't lecherous or adoring now , just knowing and sympathetic .
tr	10	Hunters materialized from behind the columns and escalators that punctuated the mall .
tr	8	There has to be something here .
tr	7	In return , her Earth calmed down his , renewed his Fire , fueled it , kindled his flame .
tr	8	At a querulous noise from the next room , he started , but she shook her head .
tr	8	Sam Worthington remained as his staff filed out .
tr	6	" I told you before , it doesn 't matter !
tr	11	I had something I needed to do . "
tr	5	Smashwords Edition Copyright © 2014 , Brian C. Williams , System * Productions .
tr	8	She wants to enslave them . "
tr	6	She gave a tremulous heartfelt smile , " Merci , Monsieur . "
tr	10	Within minutes I 'd know whether or not my date took a big drink in the Seine .
tr	6	Chris was surprised , but only for a moment .
tr	7	That done , he turned and put his hands on his hips .
tr	9	What is there to understand about this at all ?
tr	6	" Um , hi , is this the Taylor Foundation ? "
tr	11	Being only ten , he decided he wanted to keep some , to take them home .
tr	9	Can Joseph help us , and have we learned about Mercedes yet ? "
tr	6	Between the beach and concreted urban civilisation sat a little wilderness , stretching up and down the coast .
tr	8	The last two guards wheeled Jimmy 's body out of the elevator and followed them .
tr	10	it 's as though she 's there all the time ... ... looking over my shoulder .
tr	11	" He will find us , of that you can be sure .
tr	10	' Maybe it wasn 't him they were after , ' I murmured .
tr	7	He looked around , then upward and spotted the CCTV cameras .
tr	10	This marked the beginning of the end for both the small family farm and hometown banking as we had known it .
tr	10	He ignored the cries and sporadic battle sounds to concentrate .
tr	9	Adele looked at the man riding silently before her .
tr	5	Jon , Mark , Mike and Jeff were transfixed .
tr	5	" Does anyone here even miss Aimee ? "
tr	6	The landscape up here was wild , a sharp contrast to the overall natural grooming they had seen so far .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	8	We will travel north from here .
tr	9	They emerged hungry and found a cold lunch buffet waiting for them .
tr	5	It 's not deep there . "
tr	8	Ted moved down the yard to the garage , still keeping the fence at his back .
tr	7	They won 't talk to him . "
tr	7	Once , on a run while in the National Guard , his glasses fell off his face and broke .
tr	6	How would he face her ?
tr	8	With a smile , Drake pulled out a small silver box from the inside of his jacket pocket .
tr	6	And with those words and that infectious giggle , my anger abated and I started fading away again .
tr	5	" Yeah , this is cool , huh ? "
tr	9	At the time of the collision against the first beam , both teenagers were interlocked .
tr	8	If she 'd have him ?
tr	10	She 'd see him for what he was eventually .
tr	8	She feels herself fall ; in her mind , she falls through the deck and out into space .
tr	8	He could make out nothing in the blackness beyond the glass .
tr	8	They ran , every step distancing them from their surrounded friends .
tr	7	She giggled and reached her free arm around him for another hug .
tr	6	His hand slid along my rib cage , cupped a breast , and thumbed my nipple , inciting and arousing .
tr	11	Barney 's lawyer was staring too , as was the entire crew of the Lady Grace .
tr	6	" You sound surprised , " the other man said with a mocking tone .
tr	7	After we took Vetter out , we had less than two minutes before the local police arrived .
tr	8	Overhead , sea gulls screamed their defiance to the wind , swooping and diving in an endless dance .
tr	6	But like I said , it 's real secret .
tr	5	" Did you give her a choice ? "
tr	7	All we know is what the royalty wore . "
tr	7	" I gave you an order , Seeker , " the Prince said , quietly , calmly .
tr	11	You 'll also have to coordinate with the Met ... ... .
tr	8	Thing must be getting awfully tired , he thought .
tr	9	I had no idea what the options ashore would be .
tr	11	My eyes widened when I saw the deadly debris falling towards us .
tr	8	No expression altered the calm of the aged , lined face .
tr	10	Time was not their friend , and Harold felt each passing minute increase the load on his shoulders .
tr	11	" Well that 's more than I ever thought I 'd have .
tr	7	With a groan the man staggered back and fell to the floor .
tr	7	" Just fill it in and sign it , " said Jen , " it 's an insurance requirement .
tr	7	For a very old man in his eighties he was smart and fun .
tr	6	Then , his lips on hers , he whispered , " Say it , Beatrice ... Royce . "
tr	9	Now what will be will be , it doesn 't matter anymore . "
tr	6	The snake and the bear , the man of stealth and lies , the man of soul and strength .
tr	10	It wasn 't the way you talk with Julian .
tr	9	I am Guru Muda as is my mother .
tr	6	Her hands came up , the nails long and clean , polished , and she caressed my jawbone .
tr	8	" This was taken the morning of the attack . "
tr	8	My boy can 't be getting a divorce ; I raised him better than that .
tr	10	They already knew that the Turks had raided the neighbouring villages and fortress and had taken appropriate measures .
tr	6	" That is a good thing , " Kenna said .
tr	10	006 reached the security hall and plunged down its length , stopping at the front exterior glass doors as directed .
tr	7	He knelt down and opened the bag , and she watched him anxiously .
tr	8	" I do not think you would . "
tr	9	His hands rested on his knees as he stared out across the scrubby Irish landscape .
tr	8	By now , he had collected almost a hundred of his men .
tr	5	" But at least his songs are more upbeat ! "
tr	6	I feel Him , I commune with Him , we communicate . "
tr	7	The shore of the island rose steeply from the water here about ten metres from the boats .
tr	9	" Now it 's 1 pm , but at the evening love , like 7 .
tr	7	Will you consider marrying me now ? "
tr	10	He hesitates , dreading what he may find .
tr	8	" Look , I 'm not patronizing you , sweetie , " Sarah said , putting her hand on his cheek .
tr	7	" Hey guys , " Tori said to Danny , Stacy and Sarah and motioned to her room .
tr	7	In the confines of the dome the cushioning bodies absorbed the sound and gave it a muted , haunting distance .
tr	10	Claire looked at the phone on the dash and mused whether to answer it .
tr	8	In all honesty , Neil admitted it was probably the latter .
tr	10	Nathan next called Reggie Philips and told him what was going on .
tr	7	" A superhero ... You know , cape , tights , super-powers . "
tr	10	You would have us servicing the humans and breeding with them like whores !
tr	7	I don 't know how , but he made attempt on the Triforce again .
tr	10	" You want to spend twenty years in jail ?
tr	5	By the way , is Watkins your first name or your last name ? "
tr	7	Something hadn 't felt right the first time .
tr	10	' Soul did , ' Victor stated loudly above the furore that followed .
tr	7	Meanwhile , Media Coverage of the Coalition Island Continues WBC News broadcasts a report on the nightly news .
tr	7	" I 'll be damned , " he said aloud .
tr	9	We expect the usual delay of several days but the transit should not take longer than one day .
tr	8	" Sorry sis , there have been a lot of changes .
tr	8	He couldn 't fault her for trying .
tr	7	Over one hundred years old !
tr	7	If it works , it 'll bring the ceiling down and seal off the tunnel . "
tr	8	Even then it was spontaneous -- not a matter of courage and honor , but sudden freedom and frantic flight .
tr	6	Then , the day after ... ' * * * * * Agent 1 was increasingly weary and irate .
tr	9	New recruits can more readily fill vacancies in these unit 's ranks if they possess solid leaders .
tr	7	" Do we have an option ? "
tr	8	Speaking of devil , someone has to take it away .
tr	8	This has to be discreet . '
tr	8	I got up , " What is it . "
tr	7	Thermal imaging showed the target still in bed , sleeping .
tr	11	Her eyes were wide but still calm , and he became aware that his hand was pressed over her mouth still .
tr	9	" He is older than any being I have ever met , I think .
tr	6	" There 's only one God , " Stacks said , " And these bastards aren 't even close . "
tr	8	" You 'll be a party wrecker , Pat , " Percy said .
tr	8	At last , the leader said , " Why not leave him with us ?
tr	7	Otherwise , the entire chateau was bathed in night .
tr	7	It 's pink and got little flowers all over it .
tr	8	" But ... " Before I could question him further , he marched away .
tr	9	" How many saints does it take to found a church ? "
tr	5	An equally large flat-screen television at the end on a facing bureau .
tr	10	It seemed that he was a part of the crew , staring at his shoes .
tr	6	This man might like her .
tr	11	He turned to see Rupert Everett hurrying towards him .
tr	10	I 'd be sick in about five minutes , and she 's been there for days and days now . "
tr	11	Sometimes they fell anyway , and she didn 't bother to wipe them from her cheeks .
tr	6	You can 't fire her too .
tr	6	The first subdirectory contained personnel records from an organization deep within the CIA .
tr	9	" This , we have to give to God . "
tr	8	His pale , waxy skin almost luminescent against the black , moldy , concrete walls of the bunker .
tr	9	I was a friend of Simon 's -- Miriam 's guardian 's son , that is .
tr	9	He was their guide through the night for no one knew these trails as well as he .
tr	7	Once again and most sincerely , thanks for reading .
tr	9	Now that we 're well-fed and rested , we 've got to have a serious conference . "
tr	8	" I had some checking to do . "
tr	11	Behind them Grace finally recovered the demo they 'd posted from the second bag .
tr	9	She turns back to look out at the docking ring .
tr	9	" You mean Miriam 's father put another man on the throne ? "
tr	11	She was all I wanted to see .
tr	11	Kevin had that smirk on his face like he knew something that she didn 't know .
tr	9	I don 't have to watch this .
tr	9	At least it was pimped out with a DVD player and an X-box , he mused .
tr	7	From his seated position , Chris 's own attempt wasn 't at all as elegant as the captain 's .
tr	8	But I just want to lie down !
tr	8	Everyone burst into a fit of giggles .
tr	10	Once they catch the scent of something tasty , they spring into action .
tr	8	You 're good to go . '
tr	10	The bouncing orange eyes seem to close in from all directions , and he is left with no alternative .
tr	6	As he watched , she took the baby to a thick carpet in her garden .
tr	10	" Can you give me a minute to chat with your dad ?
tr	10	Then who was it who shot him ?
tr	10	" Yes ... it 's all here , George , Hector 's people delivered it this afternoon . "
tr	11	Connor turned to see if Maria had arrived .
tr	10	I roamed around calling for help but there was no reply .
tr	8	There was a moment of silence on the other end of the radio .
tr	9	I don 't know what you 're talking about . "
tr	6	" Apparently , the only things missing are my desktop computer and my client 's notebook computer . "
tr	6	The soles of her bare feet were still rough , but clean .
tr	10	As if remembering something he asked , " What are you trying to tell me earlier ?
tr	7	The pupils were now dark red and the whites , silver .
tr	7	Had he not been pulling back already , Destro would likely have taken his head off .
tr	9	Do you have a brother ? "
tr	10	Who would try to steal it ?
tr	9	Amber liquid splashed into his glass as he poured in more whisky .
tr	9	I want to ask you something .
tr	9	Was coming from the opened balcony , the silk curtains was waving in the hands of the wind .
tr	6	What kind of trouble could a pastry chef get into ?
tr	6	As her senses returned , the stone floor felt warm and wet and sticky .
tr	5	Lady Vin isn 't simply the ' best Mistborn . ' "
tr	6	The dog 's tail wags from side to side .
tr	6	Slowly , she filled the white page with words .
tr	7	" Did I find something like ... important ? "
tr	5	" Good God , you almost gave me a heart attack . "
tr	6	" He was excommunicated , " said the inventor in a grave , hushed voice .
tr	9	These monks willingly and wrongfully gave the murderers aid , despite knowledge of their explicit guilt .
tr	6	On the table , she found the second key and left his apartment .
tr	6	" Looks like Islam is growing here , too . "
tr	5	Boys and girls , men and women , all ages and all races .
tr	9	" These guys are supposed to be pirates , right ? "
tr	7	He seemed nice , not a crotchety old geezer .
tr	8	Some of the zombies looked in their direction , but none gave any sign of attacking .
tr	9	The air was icy cold but she didn 't bother putting her shoes on .
tr	8	" No he 's not , he 's sitting right there on the couch talking . "
tr	6	There was no one there or anywhere else in the room now , not living or dead .
tr	10	It wasn 't enough to just jump out of the gas cloud .
tr	7	A White Wolf howled in the mountains , heralding the coming night .
tr	8	Presumably , I was at the hotel when the bomb went off .
tr	10	" Have you not , therefore , committed treason against the High King ? "
tr	8	" That 's the whole point ; there is no " 9 p.m. " in this country .
tr	9	All that they could do now was run .
tr	8	Church wants to help you . "
tr	7	Mana 's voice cut into the melee coolly , and everyone stopped talking .
tr	9	The cold faces of the Watchers were expressionless as they moved warily around her .
tr	9	Reid asked Anna while she gazed warmly at the daguerreotype .
tr	7	They started out into the fog bank and quickly disappeared from sight .
tr	9	Each and every one of them had worked properly afterwards to great satisfaction of their owners and operators .
tr	8	" Not that worried about the barrister , Domestic Security and Terrorism trumps local police work every day .
tr	7	He approached the low bed and squatted beside her .
tr	9	I didn 't mean to sound so surprised .
tr	7	In the carriage children laughed , young couples necked ; old ladies did their knitting , needles clicking .
tr	8	Claire was surprised at Kim 's observation .
tr	7	Can 't we just share your fire for a while and maybe a little food .
tr	11	" Wouldn 't it be more efficient to focus on your own preservation ?
tr	6	The Josh in England wasn 't clingy and needy , sulky and pushy .
tr	10	" They don 't seem to see the shuttles as a threat . "
tr	9	Just before she began writing slowly .
tr	10	Andy did not need to be told twice .
tr	7	The Falcon slapped her again and she fell down under the onslaught .
tr	8	" I trust that our wounded have already departed ? "
tr	7	The men ceased their hushed whisperings and turned their attention to the quartermaster .
tr	6	Now , lay down on the cot . "
tr	8	I turned the Audi 's front towards Sleaford and a few minutes later I was driving through its deserted streets .
tr	10	Jace felt he could move in for the comfort hug .
tr	11	He could see there was more than one item held within .
tr	11	Now they waited to see the changing of the guard and to see how alert the guards were .
tr	10	One of the dogs rolled over with a grunt , legs straight up in the air , enjoying the heat .
tr	10	His split lip and scarred face make it obvious he has led a rough life .
tr	5	" Rhys , " I said , " I. . . "
tr	9	The next day I heard the rumours that some of the slave girls entertained them during the night .
tr	10	They watched as the massive sections were forced through the shield .
tr	9	" Now , how about we get some breakfast together and then hit the road ? "
tr	9	I have them with me , in case of him to forget . "
tr	11	A bunch of fools that 's what you are . "
tr	9	So , I 'll be waiting for you in an hour or two . "
tr	11	Sometimes , when I am not working , I come here to the hospital to pray for people .
tr	9	Connor felt relieved to tell someone his true feelings .
tr	7	" How 's this , " he said .
tr	7	Hai Hai gestured to the board and bared her long front teeth in a sympathetic smile .
tr	7	I said , approaching him .
tr	5	" Yes , okay , it happened , " he conceded grudgingly .
tr	11	John 's eyes reflected the troubled sky and the jagged hole that now resided in the ceiling .
tr	9	The wonderful green yard was too dangerous for Hailey to raise young Lizards in it .
tr	9	Do you think so ? "
tr	8	" Never travel without a frying pan and a coffee pot , " he announced triumphantly presenting both utensils .
tr	10	I pray that Jesus would spare you both . "
tr	11	Remember they still think this is a surprise . '
tr	10	He found her on top of an even larger outcropping of stones .
tr	8	" It would be for the best , would it not , Finn ? "
tr	11	" You were gon na do a hatchet job on Gordo 's , weren 't you ?
tr	8	If I faltered or said the wrong thing it could cost the commander his life .
tr	9	My voice cracked and trembled , threatening to betray my real feelings .
tr	10	Chief Broken Bow was caught by surprise , as the visitors hobbled into his village .
tr	9	He finally got control saying , " He 's alright too . "
tr	7	" Computers show us 300 miles past Hawaii , and I believe within our three percent window . "
tr	9	Jeff noticed as Ricky jammed the stone deep into his jeans .
tr	10	The assailant had apparently rushed through the entrance only to stumble into my friend .
tr	7	" My brother , the Prince of Oxen is no more than a half day 's march from this very spot .
tr	11	" Everything we do is going to be suspicious from his perspective . "
tr	9	There was always the chance that this whole matter might still be salvaged .
tr	9	She thought back to the elaborate , double-edged conversations of Ola and shuddered .
tr	7	I would die in this hole .
tr	10	You are the scientists who make this all possible .
tr	6	" Beautiful , " Jim said , " At least we 're in one piece . "
tr	7	" You 're not the only one with an adventurous spirit , you know , " she said .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	9	" You 'll have to use the shadows .
tr	5	From now on we trust each other .
tr	10	Well , if she wants to tempt the man that is her business .
tr	9	" I won 't deny that these are very welcome indeed . "
tr	6	Nevertheless , going out in her condition wasn 't a good idea .
tr	7	Today was Lieutenant Head 's last day with the company .
tr	9	Coming closer to the property they could see people running back and forth gesticulating and yelling .
tr	8	I stared at the contents of the crate .
tr	6	Her knowledge was vast and full of wit .
tr	10	Before he could reach her , Melody sprang up , sending her chair flying across the room .
tr	5	" So I 'm not just crazy then ? "
tr	5	In a broken , high pitch sentence , " The door was open already . "
tr	9	Three Baskets replied , " She is strong and doing fine . "
tr	5	" Good afternoon , Miss Lorelei and Miss Mandy , " the man said .
tr	7	Would Tork appear at my door and drag me to a correctional facility ?
tr	6	He unlocked the door and we entered .
tr	11	" Johnny , what do you know so far ? "
tr	8	Everyone there took their seats as the chief lit and handed out the pipes .
tr	11	" It 's unwise to underestimate the power of a mask .
tr	8	And I 've been doing it all .
tr	8	It 's 9 a.m. and it 's Saturday , " Tori said from her bed .
tr	7	One of the men smacked her across the buttocks - hard - and laughed .
tr	8	And I 've been up to my eyeballs with Spy Games stuff . "
tr	6	He pauses at the door .
tr	11	This , she repeated as long as she needed to calm down .
tr	10	Mai exclaims , just as the colossal weapon begins to swing .
tr	10	" How about I make you lick them , " I said .
tr	5	" Yes , " said the mayor slowly .
tr	9	While pouring himself an orange juice , he heard a booming laugh from the vestibule leading into the gym .
tr	8	He spun to face the Defenders .
tr	8	Even as he spoke a soldier staggered in with a large cauldron of water .
tr	5	We hit the ground together .
tr	7	The bottom of the ring disappeared into the floor , thus , the glow became an arch .
tr	10	I watched her begin to sob .
tr	11	The rebels had excellent cover and were able to defend their positions with little effort .
tr	8	" And you do all this , but you won 't even tell me why ? "
tr	6	" Perhaps , " Doyle said , " or perhaps Hugh plays some other game . "
tr	8	Outside the sky had turned grey and black clouds were rolling towards them .
tr	9	The waves did not bother them for the rest of the night .
tr	10	Another thought teased into her brain , scratching at her mind like a briar .
tr	7	What kind of life you led .
tr	9	Soon the bright sky disappeared and they found themselves in some sort of grey fog .
tr	9	With my precious food stores carefully hidden , it was time to gather hardware and dry goods .
tr	5	" I never gave him his teeth back . "
tr	7	Miriam 's hair fell into her face and she pushed it out of the way .
tr	8	If the mob had killed the king , who might be next ?
tr	8	Indeed , the bedroom smelled of unwashed clothes , stale food , and of Miriam herself .
tr	9	He got up and looked at the line for the first class washroom , seeing two of his fellow officers waiting .
tr	6	Here , bitter , unspeakable pain clouded Douglas ' eyes .
tr	7	Chapter 23 Charlie and his yellow bulldozer were gone , the machine loaded on a flatbed truck and removed .
tr	10	How come you can understand snakes ?
tr	7	A troubled frown rested on his face , his eyebrows furrowed .
tr	7	They bowed with vicious smiles on their faces and placed a blindfold over my eyes .
tr	6	The street , the kitchen , the movement of the needle , the glow of the gaslight .
tr	8	Someone punched a code into the access panel on the side of the transport chamber .
tr	6	" On the table next to the bed . "
tr	6	A slit of a pupil , fiery black , set against a yellow iris .
tr	8	he asked quietly , searching her grey eyes in the moonlight .
tr	7	" If I may , " Shinichi then said , " Sir , Sector 7 only has six students in it .
tr	11	I said , thinking she was kidding me .
tr	10	" That would be feasible , Rick , if you had another time displacement machine .
tr	9	Suddenly they were galvanized by a sound behind them .
tr	7	She looked at me and smiled , no arrogance , no aggression .
tr	9	He looks over at Warrior with furious eyes and releases a loud angry scream .
tr	6	His pale blue eyes follow my progress down the path .
tr	5	Maybe have bamboo shoots stuck up his fingernails .
tr	7	Though he remained quiet , the captain came over and joined them for a few minutes .
tr	5	After that , we turned our way back .
tr	8	he said , looking at his men .
tr	10	" I 'm not doing you any favors , you 'll have plenty to do , " said Jim .
tr	7	Look at the image you gave me , then this photo .
tr	6	" For you and whoever you 're around , " Jake said with an apologetic smile .
tr	5	' And that jungle , ' said the Senior Wrangler , sniffing .
tr	10	" I guessed that to be the case , " replied Eda coolly .
tr	6	I shuffled up the stairs , passed the second-floor landing , and followed the soft sounds .
tr	10	She didn 't see her decision as betrayal , but as a courage born of selfless conviction .
tr	6	" Down there are four suites , and just past them , along the hallway , is the family room . "
tr	7	Goggles clapped Flaherty on the shoulder .
tr	9	She walked up the stairs like a prisoner walking to the gallows .
tr	6	" It was not your fault , " the voice said at last , now tender and feminine .
tr	6	A true leader went in the van , with his people at his back .
tr	9	I can 't believe this is happening .
tr	7	He selected search from the menu and entered his brother 's name .
tr	7	" We will not burn him , my Lord ? "
tr	6	Inexplicably , after two months , here he was back in Bexar .
tr	8	The sound of her gasping breaths echoed in slow motion around the interior of the truck , slow and rasping .
tr	11	And I won 't get any if you don 't let me revise . "
tr	6	" Em ... I 'm Mo Shi , the ... from the Unknown ! "
tr	7	They lay in the gully , and before long the pigeons were circling overhead .
tr	6	A man with black hair , dark eyes , and a scar on his left cheek .
tr	6	And then three more times , and then three more times , and then it was finished .
tr	7	An attractive woman wearing a pink bralette top with white shorts places four Boston lagers on the table .
tr	8	' Me and Danny get on great but the drummer 's not with us socially either . '
tr	9	The rest of the journey back to base camp went without incident .
tr	8	" Yeah , " she replied absently , fingers back at work on the keys again .
tr	8	Have you driven around town with William ? "
tr	7	Two of his lieutenants are up front with him , along with a few new faces I don 't recognize .
tr	5	" Well , he said , we know three things . "
tr	8	A gaggle of men exited the back carrying automatic weapons and other fun toys .
tr	6	He switched off the motor and got out .
tr	11	Bullets flew all around me as I danced around the men with my knife .
tr	9	Wellington , it turned out , had shifted the Coldstream Guards to defend the building .
tr	8	He hurried Gavin to finish the loading .
tr	10	He was standing in my front and I could feel his anger , as if Laurence had an evil twin brother .
tr	7	" Your sister , however : like your niece , she sustained no injuries in the crash .
tr	11	Ever since he had met her , Melody had seemed to him to be tough as nails .
tr	5	" By all means , please proceed . "
tr	10	The room was quiet , still with the perfumed scent of his mother in the air .
tr	6	' Have you received any news from your father ? '
tr	8	You know the kind of things -- taxi firms , an amusement arcade , a chain of pizza takeaways .
tr	11	" I 'm going to find my parrot and play with him . "
tr	6	" That wasn 't a payment , " he said to the clear blue sky .
tr	7	" She doesn 't need a bag , " Gabe responds .
tr	7	She blushed , even under her mask .
tr	9	After he had swallowed , she said , " No use getting into a fuss , is it ?
tr	8	I 'm onto something big this time , " he assures , his ghostly white eyes growing wide with the prospect .
tr	8	Two sides were primarily window looking out over farmland ... .
tr	9	Do you even know that ? "
tr	6	Two wolves circle the tree , while the third one digs , he thought .
tr	10	About who I want to be .
tr	7	" It 's okay , Miss Vivian , I guess sometimes things happen . "
tr	7	The other members of the volunteer army were already out there , camped somewhere along the river .
tr	7	I was at the palace that day .
tr	10	You were not after truth but power at any cost .
tr	5	" Wow , " I said , and her smile broadened .
tr	10	Perhaps we can find what you need there and track down other sources for the rest .
tr	11	The halogen roof lighting made the silver craft in front of them flash colors .
tr	9	He smirked and opened his mouth to speak , but I cut him off .
tr	10	Lilly Ann was curious when they both sat down for dinner by themselves .
tr	6	" Just let him go ? "
tr	9	Connected to the command module were docking ports with hatches to two of the other sections .
tr	11	It felt like being called to the principal 's office .
tr	11	Practising on the slimmer neck he mastered the chords Miss Wilkinson showed the group .
tr	6	" Boss " the hand stammered , " Ned 's horse trotted in empty a few minutes ago . "
tr	7	" Let 's start , " Lilly Ann shouted , " I go first . "
tr	8	" Sorry but ... " and when to say a phrase , a waiter thought to interrupt me .
tr	7	His anger would have consumed my family also . "
tr	5	Long , long time ago , before he ever met your mother .
tr	7	Jolie spit out directions and rushed out of the bathroom .
tr	10	They were slightly ahead of schedule but John knew his transport would be waiting .
tr	6	" Oh , no , " Missy whimpered , " go faster , Kevin . "
tr	8	" I forgot to put out her food . "
tr	8	Marie stood over me with a finger to her lips , pointing to the side yard .
tr	8	Late in the afternoon of the second day Daniel swung in a semi-circle of exploration a safe distance from his nest .
tr	6	" The bomb was rigged , " said Toby .
tr	8	Like an assassin , Atticus swung his newly acquired rifle around at the source of the noise .
tr	10	Malcolm moved to get up , then swore , and we watched the black tracking box falling toward the water .
tr	7	" Yeh , " the man next to him agreed .
tr	5	Plus , the American bastard and Brendan were still not back .
tr	7	I was close to you .
tr	10	Is that what I think it is ?
tr	8	The jangling of the phone brought everyone upright tipping Jen onto the floor .
tr	8	" If we are lucky , we will have many such moments soon , " Jason suggests .
tr	10	" Will you let me finish ? "
tr	10	Uncle Jeff had gone upstairs to sleep in his room some time ago .
tr	6	The first great critics were my closest friends and then , the team at Scholar Online Europe .
tr	5	" We let them out ! "
tr	8	They 'd taken his daughter , and he didn 't dare risk her life .
tr	11	We then filled them in on the facts about Astor , telling them what it had once been like .
tr	6	' For your information , Khalid , I didn 't " call it " !
tr	7	" We need to group up , " Paul yelled at the other two rafts in his party .
tr	10	This line of questioning was making the doctor uncomfortable , so he returned to talking about The Hub .
tr	9	" I thought I was spending the night here ?
tr	8	From the helicopters , numerous men in black uniforms came running to their rescue .
tr	5	" Um , no , of course not , " she said too softly .
tr	7	" Occasionally yes , it 's much harder than it sounds .
tr	7	" You 've finally learned your place , haven 't you ? "
tr	6	" What 's a speedboat doing out here ?
tr	6	Her power vanished , the pillars jerked out of reach .
tr	5	' So , the meeting was a trap ? '
tr	11	One of the gypsies who was holding John asked .
tr	7	Rafe pulled her towards him and set a light kiss against her lips .
tr	5	" Trust me , my dandy , this is a good thing .
tr	8	" You are the only ones privy to the projected timeline and project description information .
tr	11	Raphael I can hear that drum has a wide range of sounds .
tr	8	She raised an eyebrow , inviting confidences , but Bethan only shook her head and laughed .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , missus , " Donovan said .
tr	7	The gunshot wound to his side was almost certainly not fatal , but it hurt like hell .
tr	9	His arm still glowing brightly , he holds up his hand , preparing to execute the relentless ninja .
tr	10	As he neared the agent , people began to realize what the gunfire was .
tr	6	Sentences crack under the weight .
tr	11	Especially when you were trying to be stealthy .
tr	9	For being there for her .
tr	11	The walls , ceiling and floor were lined with smooth wooden panels drenching the room in a strong red cedar scent .
tr	7	She looked at David and he nodded at John .
tr	9	Who wants to be average ?
tr	6	His fierce look pierced through everyone and everything .
tr	10	Did he have it or was he stopped by the black creatures ?
tr	9	" Well the Gingerbread Shop hasn 't changed but then it 's been the same for 150 years .
tr	9	He had this wonderful picnic -- " Dad lowered his eyebrows until they practically touched his nose .
tr	11	He had not anticipated that the enemy would crumble so completely and so quickly .
tr	8	They got the steaks and Margaritas all right , but Jonesy was down another thousand dollars .
tr	5	Then , her voice much softer , she enquired , " Brother ? "
tr	9	He then moved to the front of the wagon , grabbed a blanket , and draped it over the patient .
tr	11	I ' m sure that you 'll find it in order .
tr	7	It was headed straight for her .
tr	7	Now , a little more speed and we 'll get you off the ground . "
tr	7	The man was made of stone .
tr	8	I 'm here because He forgave my huge debt .
tr	11	" Do you think I 'm terrifying ? "
tr	9	My dad got his rifle and jumped in the truck to drive over there .
tr	6	Out on the floor , Holly Cleary and her best friend , Danielle , were working hard .
tr	5	Just like that , I felt all the tension and unease melt away .
tr	10	Jeff could feel the shark beginning to weaken .
tr	7	Again , the fire was buried and all traces of their encampment brushed away .
tr	8	He added two tiny spoons of sugar and a stream of cream , stirring it around without thinking .
tr	9	" I don 't know you , " Toby said , eyeing the group as they walked .
tr	5	" Well , Mr. Conductor , I 'm right here . "
tr	9	Servant girls brought them trays of food and tea to refresh themselves .
tr	8	He gasped for breath as he looked around .
tr	7	" What 's the matter with you ? "
tr	6	too much of a stretch , but you never knew ... .
tr	6	Somewhere out there in the purple early evening , a coyote howled .
tr	10	After the stunt you pulled this morning , I 'm not the one who should be apologizing . "
tr	9	They went through the doors on the left and entered another room the same size as the dining room .
tr	9	Finally exhausted , we all settled into our respective beds and descended into that veil of night .
tr	6	A tall , stooped , shuffling , creaking figure , humming a tune , barred his way .
tr	7	She pulled his hand away from his arm , wrapped it in the blanket , and squeezed hard on the wound .
tr	8	Our destiny is to rule ... we are the evolution of perfection .
tr	8	Fuchs , at the front of the procession , called out the various turns , and we followed .
tr	8	" Glad to hear it .
tr	11	We knew what it took to run this town .
tr	6	Those stunning eyes , that beautiful mouth , those chiseled abs and strong arms ... Just thinking about him excited me .
tr	7	The loop immediately tightened , pinning his arms , just above the elbows , to his sides .
tr	8	You know , first day of the barge and all .
tr	8	I found my own hand sliding towards my sword .
tr	7	' What 's wrong with the Chevy ? '
tr	8	Later , a call came from upstairs for hot water , and Theodosia heard the sound of loud splashes .
tr	8	Rick nervously stood with his arms crossed ; the girls all held hands firmly .
tr	6	" I graduated from university in the engineering and mathematics faculty .
tr	11	" And where was that ?
tr	8	Brand shivered , thinking of that dream , and felt a mix of guilt and fear .
tr	7	" I 'll get up there and help Alfred . "
tr	11	They said they were waiting for me to arrive .
tr	6	asked George from the window .
tr	9	Fortunately , she went on , Bernhardt said they were early in the spring season .
tr	7	None of it was important - only the first marker was .
tr	10	Her head pounded as if she was the wrong side of a heavy night .
tr	8	Of the many guns Ted had stockpiled in the house , this one was his favorite .
tr	8	Toby left the lab on a run with 007 on his heels .
tr	11	We dig up things like that to study them . "
tr	8	She could feel her power flow out of her , and the air around them grew thick and quivered .
tr	9	Without the need for words , the mighty mount seemed to agree with Camden .
tr	8	" I 'm so sorry but Mr. McElroy is out of the country just now .
tr	10	There can be no more important task for parents or government than to educate their children .
tr	11	I want to go to a party in Oakville . "
tr	8	His hands began to itch dreadfully .
tr	8	Evidently he was displeased as his men were surprised .
tr	11	The man bent over and took Andy by the arm to help him up .
tr	10	No , he wasn 't at all sorry to see it gone .
tr	7	Billy had even come by her house a few times during the week .
tr	11	Within twenty minutes , Claire was glad it was autumn in New Zealand .
tr	7	They apparently came across this family -- a man , his wife , and a boy .
tr	10	I remembered the village being a colourful place , bustling with activity .
tr	7	Just then , like an angel of mercy , Cordelia saved the day , or rather , the night .
tr	10	I startled when someone was knocking on my door .
tr	8	... a seven foot Werewolf holding Steve two feet off the ground by the collar of his blue sports coat .
tr	10	Dane is cleaning the lizards so they can be cooked .
tr	8	" Do you know your way around here ? "
tr	8	" I hope he was fine .
tr	6	For a second , she turned away , but then she looked back .
tr	10	Some may say I am a coward , but I only want the people to like me .
tr	8	There , standing with teeth clenched , stood Isaac .
tr	8	Jason moved the corrugated piece of rusted iron to one side and exposed the gap through the wall .
tr	8	" Twelve , " I yelled as I spun around .
tr	11	This has caused them to draw together and see themselves as one unified community .
tr	8	007 complied , the rear bumper of the limo just even with the window .
tr	9	He cautiously looked around ; all was quiet , except for the moans of the wounded .
tr	7	Staring at the ceiling and seeing nothing .
tr	10	Andy pulled the helmet out from under his jacket and waved it in front of Tim 's face .
tr	7	Or he watched the simple animal activity on the bricks and among the plants across the blue pool .
tr	7	Raven had found a weapon and now wanted back in the fight .
tr	10	I don 't think he sees me that way , Mike . "
tr	6	Scott 's gaze was on the bear .
tr	11	Ted didn 't want the attack to come from the side .
tr	9	That is where you will get off .
tr	6	The boy nodded slowly , took the books , made the appropriate bows , and fled the room .
tr	5	In the early morning sun , her hazelnut skin was smooth and lovely .
tr	6	' All right , ' he finally muttered with a curt nod .
tr	11	They said , if they got involved in this situation , they would lose all their influence for Christ . "
tr	9	" We 've let you bend the rules , but you have gone too far . "
tr	11	They rounded another corner as a group of guards came into the corridor twenty yards farther up .
tr	10	When I get back and you 're feeling a little better , we 'll explain everything .
tr	9	Claire thought about her friend going through that decision process alone .
tr	10	I 'd have to manage without it .
tr	9	Ted mustered all the courage he had left and spoke up .
tr	8	Jimmy took a notebook out of his jacket pocket and an old fashioned fountain pen .
tr	6	" I wa ... " the Head began , but Rena cuffed him , and he was silent .
tr	6	" Um , yeah ... I ... Oh , God , " her green eyes filled with tears .
tr	8	Rosa - Lee is blossoming with him as her father .
tr	9	Swinging the brief case he set off for his home in Croydon . .
tr	10	Simon sat numb with grief eating away within him like a cancer .
tr	8	said Billy with his eyes a little wide .
tr	9	" Good to see you too my young friend .
tr	6	Quite reasonably , for the time , they placed fungi in the latter .
tr	6	" Gema ... it 's me George .
tr	9	Jim started to say something and then thought better of it , lifting his giant frame off the couch .
tr	6	" What the heck does all that mean ? "
tr	5	the things I 've seen .
tr	8	The cords that confined his were apparently unbreakable .
tr	11	Frank thought that the butterfly people and the drivers would start fighting momentarily .
tr	7	" This is what I propose .
tr	8	Connie took the wheel while Sam and I broke out the sails .
tr	6	An old , unbeaten rebel , taken back To somewhere far away , beyond our dreams .
tr	10	Bri said trying to sound cheerful .
tr	10	If we come across strangers , I will be the only one who addresses them .
tr	5	" I love this place .
tr	11	" If I hadn 't acted so damned foolish at that cafe , we wouldn 't be stuck in this . "
tr	11	It 's something of a curiosity that we haven 't caught a hint of trouble sooner .
tr	8	First they had discovered ancient pictographs in the caves and found hidden entrances to the caves themselves .
tr	9	Who gets married that quickly ?
tr	9	There were three of these , slender shafts about seven feet long , but not larger than her thumb .
tr	8	They were far from the Roarke Road , and therefore far from any common travelers .
tr	5	The smell of fire and ash , of blood and urine .
tr	5	" Sensory incentive , " he replied softly ( and truthfully ) .
tr	6	" The real challenge at this point is figuring out their star drive .
tr	8	President Reggie Phillips sat there smoking a hand-rolled cigarette and watching the fading light .
tr	11	Are we ready to discuss reality ? "
tr	7	The Gulf War Two veteran sat on the strange mat and filled some traditional cups with hot tea .
tr	6	I don 't recall another medical unit around here .
tr	10	As soon as he thought those things , he felt some shame and tried to put them out of his mind .
tr	8	She only means to protect us . "
tr	11	Pretending to have a phone to his ear , he offered an apologetic smile .
tr	7	I never break a promise , " Stacy said and they both went in the main bathroom .
tr	9	You do what you 're told , you know ? "
tr	10	" But I thought were a young debutante at the very least !
tr	8	They will know what we face .
tr	5	But " soon-to-be " is the key phrase here , so hang tight .
tr	7	I think I finally understand .
tr	7	" We made these back in the cave , Mr. Clancy . "
tr	11	Like that was going to stop me .
tr	10	How am I to manage it , would you please inform me of that , Mrs. Williams ?
tr	8	Missy and Kevin got theirs last and sat down on their makeshift seats to eat .
tr	6	" Sugar 's not too high , " he murmured , " and 70 percent cocoa is good . "
tr	10	I don 't wan na appear presumptuous but ... the settee 's taken . '
tr	7	Among others , she thought , not meeting his gaze .
tr	11	If the authorities wanted to trace her by the time they got the information it would be too late anyway .
tr	11	Should firing start you are cleared to use deadly force . "
tr	8	Flaherty looked around at the large number of bodies wearing skull masks .
tr	10	Frankly , he was amazed that there even was a wall left .
tr	6	' Oh my God , you stupid little asshole , ' he voiced with equal parts anger , shock and love .
tr	11	Julian looked at trees , which were still getting wet .
tr	8	He looked over the edge of the dropoff again .
tr	7	" Yes , I understand , and I 'll keep your secrets . "
tr	8	She climbed the stairs , fell into bed and was asleep instantly ... . .
tr	9	" Yeah , but it hadn 't been used in like a hundred years or something .
tr	8	" I 'll just take care of all the guards .
tr	11	The laughter and the music reached her before she could see much of the market .
tr	9	There were even servant 's quarters on a third floor under the roof but she never went up there .
tr	8	So they went to war with each other and have been battling ever since .
tr	8	He stood , glanced around the room , and gave a nod before disappearing thought the tent flap .
tr	7	" He walked right over to his easy chair and fell immediately into a deep sleep .
tr	6	Every inch of the pasture and meadow must be parasite free . "
tr	6	My eyes find lush tree tops and foggy mountain silhouettes in the distance .
tr	6	" Good evening , dear " ' he greeted his icy little wife in a cheerful voice .
tr	9	Adele 's thoughts paused and she felt a sudden need to blink back tears .
tr	10	Making her voice gruff , she said , " Well , then , you have to help me .
tr	9	I rested my elbows on the edge of the table and leaned forward .
tr	7	I turned away from the window and faced the room .
tr	7	We drove down Massachusetts Avenue , took a right on 5th Street and parked along a small side road .
tr	11	The fear the temple had injected into her chosen 's veins is decimated by explosions of bliss .
tr	5	My Aunt 's mental state right now is pretty much gone . "
tr	10	Dark blood leaks from the corners of her mouth as she struggles to communicate her final thoughts .
tr	9	Satisfied with his inspection of the weapon , Flaherty inserted a magazine and chambered a round .
tr	9	OK this is getting out of hand for a simple case of mistaken identity .
tr	9	It wasn 't James that turned around .
tr	7	He fell backwards slowly and hit the ground hard .
tr	9	" Don 't forget to mark ... " he started to say .
tr	7	If Fuchs ' pawns kill our new king , the country is done for .
tr	8	" I don 't like it , I can tell you that , " he again seemed to be troubled .
tr	7	' They 'll come after us again .
tr	6	For half the year , the frozen sun is seen , And for the other half , the land is dark .
tr	9	Rick was feeling out of place , " OK , let 's not go there .
tr	8	She declared firmly , cuddling deeper into the linens .
tr	8	" I have done no wrong , yet you would kill me !
tr	10	The more I got to know Malcolm , the more I liked him .
tr	7	" I take that back ; it will do much more . "
tr	8	There was a long moment when no one spoke .
tr	8	Without a second to lose , he cannot consider his feelings or weigh his options in this matter .
tr	7	There was nothing remarkable about them , and separately they were just two more ordinary people .
tr	5	" Spoken like a true bachelor ! "
tr	8	Jolie 's voice grew louder and more suspicious but he didn 't switch over to English .
tr	5	" I 'm sorry , but no . "
tr	10	" Suit yourselves , " Tobias waved them away , pretending to be offended .
tr	11	" You can 't make us leave and you 're sure as hell not staying here with us !
tr	6	" In through the front , somehow ... " " What , past three or four guys with guns ? "
tr	6	The craftsmanship was admirably precise , each piece neatly folded into the preceding piece .
tr	7	She must have walked fast .
tr	5	Most importantly of all , he saw no wedding band .
tr	9	And all the other men who brought down the king fifty years ago . "
tr	10	I guarantee every officer , soldier , or cadet over there would listen to me before you .
tr	7	So the FBI passed the case on to them .
tr	7	The wind has died down , and bugs flit through the scraggly grass .
tr	9	" How long they been celebrating Kwanzaa in Africa ? "
tr	6	This time he was waving a white flag .
tr	5	Just ahead , the Courtier reached the slowly accelerating train .
tr	10	' We need this single to do well don 't we ? '
tr	10	Little beads of sweat started to form across his brow and he fidgeted in his chair .
tr	8	" I think maybe we 're both tired , you just confused the heck out of me too .
tr	7	Over forty years later the soil was still crawling with a thriving culture .
tr	10	It keeps dropping down in front of my eyes . "
tr	11	What if a Fairy Godmother got hiccups or kept sneezing and it made her magic go wonky ?
tr	10	" Did you say they have wine back in the dormitory ? "
tr	10	It seemed to be listing to one side .
tr	11	Did you see her throw it ? "
tr	9	Near mid-morning she found a beautiful clump of brush named Lantana .
tr	7	' They may not have erased the hard drives . '
tr	6	" Oh , yes , we -- " " He 's here , " came a voice , old and strong .
tr	8	" We 'll cross that bridge if and when we come to it . "
tr	9	' Nice to see you both .
tr	11	But I 'm used to taking care of me .
tr	9	She didn 't have to convince him .
tr	6	" Whoa , whoa , slow down there , " demanded Jon in his peculiar Manchester accent .
tr	7	David heard a rustle in the gloom and then Lewis 's hand gripped his arm briefly .
tr	10	He and his brother spend their days running around murdering people .
tr	7	" If it 's possible , can I stay in Greece with Mill family ?
tr	7	His face twisted up in indignation and he almost stamped a foot on the ground .
tr	5	Some fifty years ago , or thereabouts , it began an accelerated push . "
tr	9	Melody started rooting around in the shopping cart and pulling out her loot from Wal-Mart .
tr	10	Then he stretched and got up , looking around in the twilight of the dawn .
tr	11	He felt himself reacting to her nearness and it was ... disconcerting .
tr	9	He said nothing more , and strode away without looking back .
tr	8	The sliding slowed as the tunnel evened out .
tr	8	It was crafted by a master long ago and has served every bearer well .
tr	11	The ninja 's blades eat through them as if they were being fed into a shredder .
tr	6	Timber property around here sells for five thousand an acre or better . "
tr	8	Frank watched him move away .
tr	6	I opened it and my mouth dropped open .
tr	9	" Well , not now that you 've interrupted me , " Miriam said , annoyed .
tr	10	She had seen it all going on below ; the hunts and the hiding and the struggles .
tr	10	Do you want me to ? "
tr	5	" Let 's go , Hilda . "
tr	11	" I didn 't think it would be like this . "
tr	9	These guys would have remembered the planters from this afternoon and made the connection to me during the investigation .
tr	9	" And how is it precisely that Lord Rafe offends your master ? "
tr	6	He tasted sinful , like the decadent chocolate he 'd just consumed , and he was just as addictive .
tr	5	Aria 's struggles and excruciating pain are far more entertaining .
tr	9	Their strength is as great as our own , we should be stirring a hornets ' nest of unrest . "
tr	11	" You know the old saying , ' those who live by the sword ' ?
tr	9	The Prince remained silent , staring at her with arrogant defiance .
tr	8	" I 'm a friend of Devon 's sister-in-law . "
tr	10	" So what do you suggest we do ? "
tr	10	She will support me come what may . '
tr	7	She stopped giggling , wiped at her tears , and then grabbed my hand .
tr	11	He says trying to comfort him with a hug .
tr	8	I was her reminder of a better world , I guess .
tr	8	These were the thoughts that he struggled with .
tr	7	They wore him down with spears and stones and flint knives .
tr	5	" Yeah , well , maybe your early indicators were wrong .
tr	8	The shape was different somehow but he could not tell why .
tr	6	" You have , I think , a letter for me ? "
tr	9	How about we go somewhere else and talk about this .
tr	8	" Isn 't it OK to dream though ? "
tr	7	Passengers began boarding the train .
tr	7	" We can debate their reasons later , " muttered Drake .
tr	6	He turned his gaze back to Roberto .
tr	8	He spun me around , lifting me in the same motion .
tr	10	" I would be honored to make her acquaintance .
tr	9	My footsteps died away on the dark red , deep pile carpets inside the lobby .
tr	7	' Yes , but it only leads to an enclosed yard . '
tr	9	Of something meant to be .
tr	7	Logan and Jacob reached the top of the stairwell first .
tr	7	He cautiously placed his right foot into the first step and pulled himself up in one powerful motion .
tr	11	You have no idea what these people are capable of , do you ?
tr	7	He looked at his arm , then his chest .
tr	9	I returned my attention back to Laurence , watching him very serious , and he bowed his look in the ground .
tr	10	Her fellow tourists included a retired couple and a gaggle of students with their Tutor .
tr	8	Even if Timmons comes back and lets me out there is nowhere to go .
tr	10	" So I guess this is goodbye for now .
tr	6	Give or take a few centuries and the second becomes true as well . "
tr	7	At this Reggie 's eyes widened , clearly surprised at Brazen 's knowledge .
tr	7	I am very hungry , but talking food -- well , it puts me right off , if you must know .
tr	7	The rest of the army is defending our families at home . "
tr	10	And underneath , a giant closed gate painted the color of red hot candies with an enormous pink heart .
tr	6	Tommy had short , short hair .
tr	10	It was followed by irate yells and the ricochet of bullets bouncing off the back of the Volvo .
tr	10	We take turns reenacting our responses .
tr	8	Then Sarah got pregnant and stopped hanging out .
tr	10	The sailor was silent as blood formed on his lip .
tr	9	As if on cue , she heard the coach 's long whistle call .
tr	9	It had the shape of an expensive yacht of some sort .
tr	9	Are you through explaining everything ? "
tr	9	I forgot to tell you that bit , " he said laughing , " usually pretty early too . "
tr	8	Waves covered him , pulling him farther out to sea .
tr	11	She continued on preparing a lunch for herself and for the now incapacitated Jon .
tr	8	They 've seen something and they want to investigate further . "
tr	7	She said , watching ahead .
tr	11	It kept thrashing for a few second before shuddering and falling still .
tr	6	" My pleasure , Mr. Franklin , " Jeff said , bowing .
tr	8	One that he was pinpoint accurate with , at distances up to a hundred feet .
tr	8	" So this is what we drove all the way here for ?
tr	8	He had been very impressed by Simon 's composure .
tr	7	Even with the uniforms someone might recognize our faces from before .
tr	9	During the sleepless night his feelings of sorrow were replaced with a strong surge of anger .
tr	9	It reminded Flaherty so much of himself that he couldn 't help grinning .
tr	7	Where ye been keepin ' yerself lad ?
tr	9	Even as I succumbed to rest , my mind drifted through a cathartic appraisal of our situation .
tr	5	Seashell and sand dollar ornaments , driftwood furniture and lush , wide balcony welcomed us inside .
tr	10	He went around the other side of the car and saw that the tall man had already bled out .
tr	11	I don 't want to explain to no one , it 's strict my business . "
tr	7	The communications officer 's simple announcement raised a cheer in the ship 's nerve center .
tr	8	Larceny , magic and dancing await , in an all expenses paid evening .
tr	9	Stopping at the end of the hall , he put on his jacket before reaching for the door .
tr	10	Down the other hall are the employees ' bedrooms , two to a room like a college dorm .
tr	9	Press my fingers hard against my temples and feel the heat from my hands on each side of my face .
tr	5	Well , at least Alex and Kaylie .
tr	6	Kevin turned and led the way back .
tr	10	Loud wracking cries echoed out through the cuddle , leaving Claire 's skin prickling in mortification .
tr	11	I figured footage of the blaze would all be uploaded onto Youtube within the next half hour .
tr	10	Who knows what might be possible ?
tr	11	Her thin veneer of calm was slipping and she was starting to feel a little trapped .
tr	8	Two of the occupants of the porch recognized the voice .
tr	9	Yoshimura , in particular , insisted the rigors of a long move would be unacceptable .
tr	8	The heavy sun propels me even as it weakens him .
tr	9	John was praying he was right .
tr	6	I shove the hat on my head .
tr	8	Get your clothes and some pots and pans for cooking .
tr	10	' I wouldn 't touch anything if I were you , ' he murmured grimly .
tr	6	Steve called after a quick glance at his brother .
tr	6	" How did that get here ?
tr	6	" How many times have you seen the Children ? "
tr	6	With his free hand , he dropped a knife at Talons feet in the same motion .
tr	8	His ears hang down on each side of his face , giving him a sad countenance .
tr	10	Well I 'll be ... . .
tr	9	Something was tugging at the back of my brain .
tr	7	A shape emerged , roughly six inches square , and after more digging , six inches deep .
tr	11	Neither of us spoke again as we wandered back to the school in the advancing gloom .
tr	11	The angel howled in pain , clutching his mangled stump as blood gushed all over the place .
tr	5	Behind me , through my open window , I heard a bum singing drunkenly .
tr	11	It was easier said than done .
tr	7	The road is not too bad , it is maintained by the logging company .
tr	9	She found a good spot near the stone wall where palm trees cast a decent shade and settled in .
tr	8	Well , DNA is at the heart of my request .
tr	10	I 'm sure it 's all very funny , " she said .
tr	5	" Wherever you can , " answered Butch .
tr	8	Such domestic matters are none of my affair , my dear ! "
tr	5	Three , four , and five strokes , then she shuddered exquisitely .
tr	7	' And if we were to say no ? '
tr	5	" Every noble family has a guest longhouse there .
tr	11	I squirm audibly in my seat and I can practically hear him frown behind that grotesque silver mask .
tr	8	They won 't kill us like Essa , I kept telling myself .
tr	7	" Please , please be okay , " I whispered .
tr	7	" No , he didn 't , and please get that cheesy grin off your face . "
tr	8	Logan cleared his throat , bringing me back to the present .
tr	9	And he told their mothers about this so that they wouldn 't worry unnecessarily .
tr	6	" Oh , Rod , I am very sorry , " she said , " You must be hungry too . "
tr	11	I had many questions I wanted to ask .
tr	10	She seemed to be afraid of something .
tr	10	The door was shut and probably locked at the top of the stairs .
tr	7	She rubbed Tammy 's trunk once more and then went over , picked up her shovel and put it away .
tr	9	" I think we 've got another angel . "
tr	11	I thought , how are we going to do this ?
tr	6	By half past seven the front of the store was already a brown , sludgy , sloppy mess .
tr	10	It made me want to forget .
tr	8	I do it because I want to .
tr	8	" That explains my pantry open with crumbs all over it !
tr	9	Once she was gone , he did his best to get back into action .
tr	7	" I 've already packed it for the day . "
tr	7	Despite his recklessness ... " He peered around the boy 's thick glowing hair , seeking out his eyes .
tr	9	" Almost there , " Trinity answered and then pointed to a section of rock .
tr	8	" You 've always thought yourself fearless , " she smiles , holding him close .
tr	6	Friday 16th September 1983 On Friday Katherine visited the gift shop on the way back from the bank .
tr	9	Near the far wall the floor and several shelves were littered with odd-looking mechanical things , some quite large .
tr	10	" I told you we couldn 't stop him , " Campbell said in frustration .
tr	6	' You always wear ruby-red nail polish ; I love it . '
tr	7	Tell them to approach . "
tr	7	Mrs. Jackson shook her head and thought for a moment .
tr	9	She motioned her head to the right , where Chris saw two empty chairs against the wall .
tr	10	She simply smiled and handed over what the woman requested , plus two extra bits .
tr	7	Stanley called in sick , slept for 24 hours and woke up on Thursday with an epiphany .
tr	11	" Thanks for warning me about it ahead of time . "
tr	10	He rolled out eagerly , hurrying to wash up .
tr	11	Had she just seen what she thought she 'd seen ?
tr	5	" Not yet son , be patience . "
tr	5	To her surprise , the corn was not a rich yellow .
tr	11	Is that all you know how to do ?
tr	8	You acted to save my life .
tr	10	More caravan guards ' words she shouldn 't have heard .
tr	7	Thirty-one Please , please go into the bedroom .
tr	7	They slew each other years ago , all save the strongest .
tr	8	" You get a face to blame and one other bonus , " Jason states .
tr	7	" We shouldn 't keep the kid waiting , " she awkwardly adds , dipping down toward the portal .
tr	10	As it was he had the satisfaction of seeing Adele slap Rand 's hand away .
tr	7	You didn 't ask questions , you simply listed accusations .
tr	7	Wasn 't she made aware that we were coming ?
tr	5	And now here I am , for better or worse . "
tr	10	I hated having to do it .
tr	9	Taking a renewed grip on the wheel I stared ahead through the windscreen concentrating on the road ahead .
tr	11	' Let her learn to be less feisty .
tr	7	Dham nods his head , but says nothing , his eyes flicking to me and the others gathered in the room .
tr	11	I cannot allow that to happen , not again .
tr	8	A shadow suddenly loomed in front of us .
tr	8	He tensed , bracing for impact from the rear .
tr	8	" We are letting you out , run for it ! "
tr	10	Several seconds later , the teens went slack - falling forward , their heads hitting the table .
tr	8	As her King processes the expected information , Less decides to carefully plead her case .
tr	8	Women don 't act like that , ' she said nervously but firmly .
tr	7	" I was hunting of course .
tr	10	People may be trying to hurt me .
tr	8	Rafe laid a hand on Finan 's shoulder , pushing him back down on the bed .
tr	6	The scent of oranges wafted faintly from her hair .
tr	11	" We can make plaster molds to see what the original object was .
tr	7	She explained , looking away .
tr	8	That was how the betrothal came about .
tr	11	Derrick says , " There is no place we would rather be .
tr	7	It certainly looks like a suicide but we can 't be sure . "
tr	11	" So 're we gon na make it to the stronghold today ? "
tr	9	I was always blindfolded when we moved , but I still managed to pick up clues .
tr	10	' After all ' he wailed , ' all she wanted to do was use the loo ' .
tr	8	The bodyguard quickly disappeared along with the young lads and the suspicious looking masks .
tr	9	" I don 't have any money , Jennifer , " said Viv starting to weep again .
tr	11	Yang was used to mask the presence of the approaching assassin . "
tr	8	Chris asked , looking up from his open book test .
tr	7	There was no more time for thought .
tr	10	Their swords were taken and the Falcon came closer , punching Roberto on the cheek .
tr	9	" I merely told them what they already know -- farmers cannot stop the creatures of the Wilds .
tr	8	As he looked out over the school , his breath caught in his throat .
tr	8	I know those were big back then . "
tr	9	It had to be him , Campbell thought to himself .
tr	7	I 'll tell you about it later .
tr	9	The valet nodded to us and went to answer the summons .
tr	8	He demands , practically apathetic to the thief 's intentions .
tr	11	Horatio 's eyes held a trace of a glare , but even he was too honorable to argue with his commander .
tr	10	No one else knows how to handle it right .
tr	5	" What 's he doing ? "
tr	11	It 'll be good to get you back here in a few weeks . '
tr	10	I suppose she was referring to exam results .
tr	10	Mark grabbed a wrist and put a pair of handcuffs on her .
tr	9	And she still loved the hills and was on them at every opportunity .
tr	5	" Only one more day and you 're out , right ? "
tr	9	" Women " I said , rolling my eyes , joining her in the elevator .
tr	7	I think about Amanda all day .
tr	8	" This isn 't the news , " she said , looking at Mike .
tr	6	John spoke , ' Mal , this brings me to your role .
tr	6	Seeing him , the woman quickly reached for a rifle in her wagon .
tr	7	We drifted apart ten years later , as friends sometimes do .
tr	9	" Is that you breathing so hard , moron ? "
tr	7	Spinners were next to weavers .
tr	6	" First we find Americus , and then we find your Mr. Chen . "
tr	5	He turns off the engine .
tr	10	When she did , she was more than I 'd hoped , more than I 'd dreamed .
tr	9	Caroline tries to help me walk .
tr	8	Jonesy was caught three times in his fifteenth year , and six times in his sixteenth year .
tr	7	The smartly dressed gentleman keyed his mike .
tr	8	He spotted a few onlookers in the doorway of an adjacent building .
tr	9	She 'd have to ask him .
tr	10	Whichever it was to be .
tr	8	Dane shrugged , " I don 't know , it just came to me when I saw that hill . "
tr	10	Think you can help me ? "
tr	9	Why do we have to wait ' til morning ?
tr	7	" Just two shots apiece to save ammunition , " she said .
tr	6	Her hair was dull and her face looked sunken but her eyes , on the other hand , were sparkling .
tr	7	" I mean ... point of order ! "
tr	10	She wants to leave the palace for a time . "
tr	11	The amber glow is so bright around him that it looks like some sort of unnatural fire .
tr	6	It was soon dark , Peter and I undressed and climbed into our bed .
tr	6	Sam said , " Yeah , that yours ? "
tr	9	Her life is about to change drastically .
tr	8	I hear Shelley had one .
tr	11	They made me watch them slaughter my friends . "
tr	7	She sat down and looked at Miriam with great calm .
tr	6	Cochrane eased his bulk onto the seat with surprising agility .
tr	8	She sat back down and kept one eye on Neil .
tr	7	He was old , he wasn 't really a proper chef and he stole meat from the freezer .
tr	8	The Arabs went and got their camels and joined the Germans and led off into the night .
tr	9	Can 't we continue relying on the Guard and police until things change ? "
tr	5	" By the way , how are your toes ? "
tr	10	" This is all I can show you .
tr	7	He slapped Malcolm on the back .
tr	9	He 's looking at the teddy bear on my chest .
tr	9	Pint in hand his eyes scanned the patrons sitting in the various nooks , not a woman in sight he noticed .
tr	9	It simply wouldn 't do to barge in upon her parents with no introduction .
tr	6	" So the food wasn 't as good , but you didn 't complain .
tr	8	" There 's no visibility until they reach the pickup center .
tr	7	Like it came from a refrigerator or something ... " Samuel 's words drifted into the wind .
tr	8	We 're packing plenty of supplies .
tr	10	That name seemed to bring an edgy feeling on her but she still managed to smile .
tr	7	I felt a slight tingle in my right arm and raised it up for a closer look .
tr	7	What was the reason behind her obsessions ?
tr	8	The Condor slowly gained speed hopping and bobbing eastwards on its big wheels .
tr	10	Do you know of him ? "
tr	11	What was it that turned you into the murdering tyrant that you 've become ?
tr	11	and exclaimed , addressing Bradley , " Come on , professor , let 's go !
tr	11	I know it 'll take time for you to remember .
tr	11	I think I 've said that before .
tr	10	They were invited to sit by the fire .
tr	9	I couldn 't help but wonder what my unofficial title would be .
tr	10	The swear words built in her mouth , demanding to be freed .
tr	7	What 's going on ? "
tr	8	She noticed a single chicken feather wafting alone in the corner of the room .
tr	6	They eventually did , but kept their wide ridiculous smiles on .
tr	7	... But it 's true ... How could he have done this ?
tr	6	I shoved the cupcakes under the table .
tr	7	Tied him up , took his costume , threw him in the trunk .
tr	9	She looked at the stamp and the postmark ; it had been mailed in London . .
tr	7	I am sorry , I have forgotten Clancy 's wound .
tr	11	We 'll be along to help you as soon as possible ! "
tr	8	Chapter 21 Col pressed against the tree at his back , forcing his torso erect .
tr	11	Do you know what that was ? "
tr	7	" Kids don 't write anymore , " said Gema , " they use e-mail .
tr	9	" You girls aren 't happy about this , are you ? "
tr	6	My companion and I agreed : no living man deserves such power .
tr	6	She chuckled with a blush .
tr	10	Turns out that I didn 't have to .
tr	9	Silence followed while we stared at the images on the computer .
tr	10	He seemed to be talking to himself .
tr	9	" You blamed me as much as you blamed yourself . "
tr	9	If it meant saving Blue .
tr	8	I just want to be normal .
tr	8	He was holding a gun to Anna 's head .
tr	6	Ever his new , obedient concubine , I hadn 't asked and he hadn 't shared .
tr	6	Wouldn 't someone walking into her house make more noise ?
tr	11	Make sure every customer pays for their meals okay ? "
tr	7	" A man just ducked into the woods over on the cliff . "
tr	8	There was mail inside HE Strauss 's box .
tr	8	His question from the first night remained the only words he spoke .
tr	5	At first , David hesitated .
tr	9	' We never meant to cause you any trouble . '
tr	8	I closed my eyes and listened to Dad 's words .
tr	7	" Did you see the plane go down ? "
tr	5	and then find any Lilly and ask her .
tr	7	" Did you notice the shape of this ? "
tr	6	" Nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and slings .
tr	7	Three of his men slid from their horses and advanced on Rafe menacingly .
tr	7	And although they were a polite , hardworking and compassionate people , there was the matter of their faith .
tr	7	Brazen expected an angry outburst at least , but the controlled silence was even more disquieting .
tr	8	The man had severe crush injuries to the chest and legs and was barely conscious .
tr	11	She assures me that I do not need to apologize .
tr	7	What happened to my son ?
tr	7	Neil , feeling his stomach rumble in response , could only nod .
tr	11	Quickly realizing he has nowhere to run , the boy skips back a step before taking his battle stance .
tr	6	" Look , Johnny , I 'm really sorry " said George .
tr	8	Perhaps he is okay after all , he thought .
tr	9	" Let 's just find this place so we can - , " he was interrupted .
tr	6	An incident from that time suddenly came to me .
tr	8	We had encountered a bear , but had not inflicted any injury to it .
tr	7	On our way to the room , we actually pass a Hispanic guy with an eye patch .
tr	7	" Or snapping my fingers , ' Miriam said .
tr	9	" They are giving their lives to the cause , there is no greater honor , " Gwendolyn declares .
tr	10	I need to stay in the present , let each second crest and break over me without resistance .
tr	6	" I 've no idea , Captain , no idea at all .
tr	7	People on the streets stopped dead in their tracks , waved , whistled , and laughed .
tr	9	They weren 't running towards us , weapons drawn .
tr	8	Which , Dear Reader , would you have me regale you with next ?
tr	6	But moments later , he just couldn 't help himself .
tr	10	" He said everyone knew about this place " said Trudy .
tr	7	" And this Duval fellow -- we 're sure of his loyalty ? "
tr	11	It would 've been difficult using the train without the proper currency a second time .
tr	11	Are you intending to invade Canada ? "
tr	10	Sometimes she knew exactly how a person left this world , but not when .
tr	6	" You can try , " Jenny replied in her deepest pirate voice .
tr	8	Sin must be punished by death .
tr	7	" Some of us at least , " said Mark , staring at Jon .
tr	7	Nina untied the bundles , fed the children and dressed them in warmer clothes .
tr	6	" Not by the fire , I am too warm . "
tr	7	he rasped , gathering Air angrily .
tr	5	" Um , hi , I 'm Mia , the new extern . "
tr	6	" too much noise tonight , all those voices on and on ... " " I like the noise .
tr	9	" Come on , " is all he says back .
tr	11	God - what is Thy will ?
tr	9	This caused renewed squabbling among the dogs as they plowed into each other .
tr	7	Wrapping her arms about his neck , pulling him to her and kissing him soundly on the lips .
tr	11	" I think I 'll see for myself , " said the Pastor .
tr	9	We stood there frozen in a staring contest .
tr	6	I 'm forgetting my own name .
tr	6	Tall , stainless steel tables lined the brick walls inside with brightly colored flowers and stalks in black vases .
tr	10	" So , what 's your plan for the rest of the day , Planning Lady ? "
tr	6	A cold draft sent goosebumps down my legs .
tr	10	He felt suddenly that a whole area of his education had been passed over .
tr	7	I feel Gabe 's weight lift off the bed .
tr	7	Nathan placed Walter 's backpack on the table and pulled out the satellite phone .
tr	9	" It means she talks almost non-stop , " Dane explained . "
tr	11	Andy 's heart was in his mouth as they bounded over the crossing with only seconds to spare .
tr	10	" Yes , true , but they thought he was merely being strategic " she said .
tr	8	" He 's losing a lot of blood ! "
tr	8	' We have some business in town , ' I said vaguely .
tr	7	* * * * * Rick awoke slowly and glanced at the alarm clock on his night table .
tr	6	My exertions extracted absolutely no toll from my strange , new spectral body .
tr	8	And then Layla knew something was wrong .
tr	6	" He 's fine , " William and Victoria both said at the same time .
tr	7	One spy client waved his arms and shouted Jolie 's name to his group .
tr	7	Shuffling through the massive stone architecture , Rift makes his way back into the forest .
tr	7	' But the roads are snowed in , ' snapped back Toby , far too quickly and defensively .
tr	10	The Heavens designed us to be top predators on this world . "
tr	9	It was time to grow up .
tr	9	The fire burnt brightly and there were still two figures wrapped up beside its warmth , deep in sleep .
tr	9	Rylan was not surprised , even if they had not discussed their suspicions .
tr	11	She was referring to the people who brought me here .
tr	9	We don 't need any damned bears wandering into camp . "
tr	9	" I 've never heard some of those words before and yet here they are in my dream .
tr	7	" You can review the recording from my apartment last night .
tr	7	Danny , his face wooden , shoved the Irishman forward and started off toward the howling African wilderness .
tr	10	He thought of them now , wondering how they were doing .
tr	6	" Let 's get some rest then , " she admitted .
tr	10	I wasn 't that stupid , but he didn 't need to know it .
tr	8	" I am such an idiot about directions , " he said , throwing a melting look at Theodosia .
tr	9	' Unfortunately , it was several decades before the full effects of the Red Death manifested themselves in him . '
tr	9	" Yes , Benjamin , you know it 's us " replied George .
tr	6	Why hadn 't she told him these things ?
tr	5	Blinding light replaced the darkness , bright , clean , blazing light .
tr	6	His arms and legs twitched and he nearly swallowed his tongue .
tr	7	He abandoned her and headed back to the kitchen .
tr	7	Blood leaked from his wide nose , staining his chin and white shirt collar .
tr	10	The plates were perforated to permit speech , and left the eyes and nose unprotected .
tr	8	' I need to see Katherine .
tr	11	Dusk had come and they had covered more ground than they would have believed .
tr	6	Not exactly high class , but it was still in Paris .
tr	9	" Afternoon , Ted , " Frank greeted the DARPA officer as he came to a halt .
tr	6	" Until tomorrow , Kas , " he greeted me with a last kiss .
tr	5	" Those first few weeks , even months , were a nightmare . "
tr	6	I scrawl Mercedes Dantes onto the sign-in sheet .
tr	5	" A right connoisseur of femininity , our boy here . "
tr	6	" Yes , you 're right , Neil , it could work .
tr	10	We all felt our research would apply in industry one day .
tr	9	She vaguely registered an en-suite to her left before going through to the bedroom .
tr	9	Happy to be alive I think .
tr	6	Ominous dark clouds filled the sky above , but there was no wind or rain .
tr	8	A short time after the explosion , the shuttle will be securely connected to the Russian satellite . "
tr	10	Now all I needed to do was get them to Dorset - enter the Lawyers .
tr	5	Then there are the nymph twins .
tr	8	An increased urgency in the buzz of conversation announced Col 's approach .
tr	7	The air was fetid and smelled of death .
tr	7	This guy seemed nice and all but being a hostage had affected his mind .
tr	9	" That you are more beautiful than ever , " Taylor smiled at her .
tr	6	As it was , the only clouds in the morning sky were high and wispy .
tr	5	" Oh wait , you 're not a half breed .
tr	6	They couldn 't hurt me .
tr	6	" May as well rest your feet , little man , " Bax said to Matthew .
tr	9	I believe I will lead the northern force personally .
tr	7	The party consisted of Red Talon , Three Baskets , Wounded Eagle , four other braves and the injured .
tr	9	Like being here with you .
tr	5	" The deeper the incision , the longer the healing requires . "
tr	8	Look down there , " the Marine said , pointing toward the waterfront .
tr	11	They had a length of sinew to measure the radius of the house floor .
tr	9	Like Atlas , Cronus and the whole squad appeared to be moving , bald statues .
tr	8	Elaina turned and sprang at her , yanking her belt knife as she did .
tr	7	Pride had set these events in motion .
tr	6	" Well , this was a good idea , " Carlos said sarcastically .
tr	10	" All I wanted to do was stop !
tr	11	Reaching behind himself , the salesman produces a mask resembling the skull of some sort of beast .
tr	9	As it began to play , he set the pad down on his desk and listened intently .
tr	8	His eyes lit like fire and with sudden approval , took a drink .
tr	6	" No , that was the first time , " answered Mark confidently .
tr	8	" Don ' know ' bout that , " Billy replied playfully .
tr	10	Now if I could only finish raising his father . "
tr	7	And the pipe 's huge -- almost like an indoor pond !
tr	8	" What do you think it means ? "
tr	9	Were going to induce labor .
tr	8	His gaze swung to Zhu but found no answers in the man 's smile .
tr	7	' It 's okay , Maria , ' he said in heavily accented English .
tr	6	It made his skin prickle , and he jerked his head around .
tr	7	I 've chatted with the snake several times at court .
tr	10	The only thing different was the Idol of the Great Mother they had given him .
tr	10	" We 'll be as ready as we 're ready , " answered Brazen .
tr	8	He couldn 't help taking a sharp breath .
tr	9	No , he would finish what he started -- a bullet through my brain .
tr	11	It will be good for you to get out of the castle . "
tr	9	The wide-eyed driver looked at him , but finally understood and grabbed one of the newly acquired rechargeable radios .
tr	7	As the three ships separated , they each drew two of the Spanish ships on their course .
tr	5	With a grimace , Match Head Ged lifted his club and braced himself .
tr	8	What 's more , the monks raised our petitions in prayer , and I felt deeply reassured at their religious intercession .
tr	8	I don 't have time to answer .
tr	8	Immediately , he rolled on the ground , gun out , looking for the assailant .
tr	6	' Take him down , ' ordered the Captain , through gritted teeth .
tr	9	Do you need a bag ? "
tr	5	" But how could you ? "
tr	8	' Beta ' ordered The agent did not reply .
tr	6	In a few seconds , I opened the red wooden door to our home .
tr	6	" I know Aimee , her granddaughter .
tr	9	" We have to go back and help her ! "
tr	11	William waited outside a moment longer , watching Victoria walk down the hall from the study through the kitchen .
tr	5	' Yes , yes , I 'm her daughter ! '
tr	7	After three rings a woman 's voice came through America 's west coast lines .
tr	11	Branden laughed again and followed the prince into the castle to clean up .
tr	8	With the ghastly wound in his stomach , he didn 't have long to live .
tr	6	" Being here , living here .
tr	8	Adam turned to face her .
tr	9	She knew Chase was upset and displeased of her lies .
tr	10	" And what if we don 't choose the right moment to get involved ? "
tr	7	" No I can 't take credit ; Sam did it all on his own . "
tr	5	" No , we better go , " Justin said , firmly .
tr	10	The establishment of the West Tennessee Republic was something Ethan helped create and took considerable pride in .
tr	10	I keep meaning to ask you .
tr	9	They found the Kubota just where they had parked it .
tr	6	" Oh , yes , thank you , " said Glock , grinning .
tr	11	" The hawk is given this power by one of the learned Men of the Realm .
tr	8	Behind me , I heard the footfalls of several more runners , but I gave them no thought .
tr	6	" I think , " Deuce drew out hesitantly , " ' function ' is perhaps too strong a word . "
tr	9	I heard him as he left the castle , " I said .
tr	8	I was watching the Bowmore going down .
tr	6	' Yes , of course my people have fought and vanquished the monstrous ones many times . '
tr	8	" Darn right , " replied George , " no point in running backwards and forwards all week is there ? "
tr	7	Dotted around the apartment were dozens of photo frames .
tr	10	Many rare creatures were being proven more real by the day .
tr	7	Harold believed the majority of them .
tr	10	I did my best to hold her back , but she still managed to splash me good .
tr	9	" Alex ... we are together " " Since when ?
tr	6	CHAPTER TWO At lunch time , James drove Roberta and Claire to a food court at a nearby shopping mall .
tr	7	The doctor said it might .
tr	8	Even though there was trepidation there he could see question too .
tr	6	" You my dear boys have more than earned your reward .
tr	8	It is not possible for just anyone to reach our community .
tr	8	The thin boy looked rather nervous when he saw the assembled company .
tr	5	" But the scars remain , " murmured Jason , disgruntled .
tr	8	I hope you enjoyed it .
tr	5	" You probably have , " the bandit leader said .
tr	9	" Seriously , I have to agree with that sentiment . "
tr	8	The woman thrust the sword directly towards the man , right into his heart and flinched with fear .
tr	10	" What are you going to do next , Jefferson ?
tr	9	" Alright , alright I 'm sorry , " he sarcastically groans .
tr	10	VIN asked , surprised at how simple the dials on his R8 instrument panel looked compared to this monster .
tr	11	It will give the two of you time to scrape some of the mud from your clothing . "
tr	7	" Why don 't we have some fun and play a game ? "
tr	9	My legs grew weak , and I leaned into him a little bit more .
tr	9	I took the USB pen from Reid and plugged it into one of the hard drives .
tr	8	Suddenly there was another sound , a rending crack the cave had never known .
tr	8	" Have you heard from him ? "
tr	6	" Take me to Lord Rafe . "
tr	9	Across the room Amy saw a casually dressed lad perhaps younger than her .
tr	6	Now , a carpet of gold lay over the forest .
tr	5	" I 'm a city boy . "
tr	11	" Do you know where you 're going ? "
tr	7	But , in a unique episode , Calvin 's dad had exploded into rage .
tr	7	A huge beam of light exploded on to the screen with an incredible force .
tr	5	But this time , the meeting was much shorter .
tr	11	This was why he resigned his position officially after he was cleared , entering his second retirement .
tr	9	" Guess that means we 're not really friends , " Brendan said .
tr	8	Taylor just shook his head and laughed , " It 's nothing , really .
tr	7	But then he reached forward with his own hands and taken that collar off .
tr	8	by the time I got in the toilets he 'd disappeared .
tr	7	There was no question about that .
tr	5	" Oh god , " Jack moaned , " Not more soufflé . "
tr	8	" At this rate we will catch up in time , " Roberto thought .
tr	11	Their new place was one of two lots at the dead end of a gravel street .
tr	11	He passed her the package wrapped in traditional leaves , unwrapping it she found a small blanket .
tr	6	" Sure thing , boss , " the trucker shook his head and spat out the open window .
tr	7	You make one phone call and within minutes four brothers show up with rifles .
tr	8	Helen asked , " Have you heard from Fish ? "
tr	10	We need to be careful and not trust anyone but of them and Toby . "
tr	10	I had hoped that the animals would suffice , but it seems they are not enough .
tr	8	But they have to be sure . "
tr	8	He looked all around and everything was clear as day .
tr	6	As an engineer , her application was largely considered a mere formality .
tr	9	It was a trying load , and the bird struggled fiercely to get airborne again .
tr	8	" Eda , please just listen ; we have to run . "
tr	11	I need to know you 're safe .
tr	9	I 'm going to shear off the hinges .
tr	9	" This is a ship of trade , not of passengers -- there are no cabins .
tr	7	Mason hefted his bag onto his shoulder and climbed out to the curb .
tr	5	And he left her standing there .
tr	11	This probably isn 't worth whatever risk we 're taking .
tr	8	Get quit of me sea legs , as it were . "
tr	7	Of all the Jarl 's sons only Erik accompanied the warriors , as his father 's shield bearer .
tr	10	Ted could clearly remember how proud his parents had been that day .
tr	10	Once inside , their eyes were immediately drawn to a spiral staircase leading to the second floor .
tr	7	John , sensing the change in her , shook his sleepiness away .
tr	8	" We need to get past the ginger up ahead .
tr	10	She 'd heard all about his ten Franc note and the phone call that followed .
tr	9	My words fly up , my thoughts remain below : Words without thoughts never to heaven go .
tr	6	Shaking her head , she cleared from it all thoughts , doubts , and suspicions .
tr	7	Now he had an angry look on his face .
tr	8	" You are like her Watcher , her shield , yes ?
tr	6	" Wow , it is so cold , yet the scenery still seemed like summer .
tr	7	" Can 't , " the voice said from the station , registering some regret .
tr	8	" I can 't be in that machine , " he thought .
tr	10	The structure explodes completely sending massive chunks of wood flying as well as a shower of splintered belongings .
tr	11	The disappointment of having to push her expedition back was intense .
tr	7	He trained with them , spoke to each new man personally , and shared their tables more often than not .
tr	6	Are there a hundred different ice cream flavours on the canteen menu ?
tr	9	The logs crackled and hissed in the hush that followed .
tr	10	There are times when things happen to us .
tr	8	The vodka had pretty much numbed any feeling in my leg .
tr	9	He found the large man in the thick of frantic activity , and reported to him .
tr	8	Maya sighs , " Fine , I will go , but you better come back for me . "
tr	8	He had no doubt of this , and the knowledge bolstered his confidence in his decisions .
tr	11	There were silver bowls filled with lilacs , early roses , and lily of the valley .
tr	5	" Going away so soon , my friend ? "
tr	6	There seemed no life and for a moment Claire felt her own heart stop .
tr	11	I turned back and looked at the boys who were laughing .
tr	5	" So what was the problem again ? "
tr	9	Why don 't you come to the barracks with me ? "
tr	9	The giggles burst out , and Gabe , who is just recovering , falls back on his elbows in fits .
tr	10	Drew bowed to the older man , who with a smile acknowledged the greeting .
tr	6	Chapter 19 The Flight of Sierra Bravo II Chapter 20 The Russian Beer Can Gets High !
tr	10	It was gum , all right , the same flavor he had been chewing .
tr	10	Weasel nodded his acknowledgement and the gunship began to slow .
tr	10	He lay back again stifling a scream welling up in his gut .
tr	9	He rubs the tears from his eyes , his body shaking with fright .
tr	6	The last lines of the letter wait for closure .
tr	7	" How many do they want Frank and what are they ? "
tr	9	He searched behind every crate and sack until he recognized her small posture behind a large heavy crate .
tr	7	Phillip leaned over and patted him gently on the arm .
tr	7	We 're talking about ideas here .
tr	10	I wondered what had happened to Billy .
tr	8	He relished the rare chance to bring Rafe down a little .
tr	6	In my rear view mirror I saw blue flashes from an emergency services vehicle .
tr	6	A vicious man I may be , but not a coward too .
tr	9	Toby shared the video , audio and text console message feeds with the group .
tr	5	Pain reliever , bottled water , a heating pad , uh ... these things . "
tr	10	Robert didn 't mention that the brats don 't speak English .
tr	9	She wears a look of pure boredom on her young face .
tr	11	She stood , frozen for a moment , staring at the manure and holding the rope attached to the horse .
tr	9	He pulled the slide back and looked in the chamber of each pistol .
tr	10	It would be hard to besiege that way .
tr	7	During the warm months he kept his supplies of " right now " food and open containers in the kitchen cabinets .
tr	6	Noel , James , Mason , and some other boys threw off their shirts , but Hanna didn 't even care .
tr	7	He was quiet for a moment .
tr	9	Alejo twisted to face her , hazel eyes rimmed in red .
tr	9	" That 's what I saw flying . "
tr	7	Faulty heroes , but I won 't tell them .
tr	7	" For the love of God , Bob , it 's not all doom and gloom .
tr	7	The FBO 's concierge informed him of an unexpected delay , made apologies , and introduced Ivan to his pilot .
tr	6	' Yeah but we only need five rooms , ' Calvin pointed out .
tr	11	Luckily Kevin wasn 't the sort of kid who would bully someone and he seemed to understand her fear .
tr	10	A second later , his eyelids fluttered open once more and he struggled to focus on my face .
tr	7	He pulls out a pocket knife and cuts through the cuffs .
tr	8	Leaning against the church , he took a sip of orange juice and then began ravenously downing his pastry .
tr	11	Reid swore as I pulled him sharply into the lee of a building .
tr	8	If they were in Moscow , the problem would solve itself .
tr	9	Tartar explained why he did not have a bald spot .
tr	5	Something she couldn 't place .
tr	7	Carefully his path carried him to a marked corridor on the mapped layout he had compiled of the facility .
tr	10	" An ' I been told they been askin ' after me . "
tr	6	" The light comes halfway up the hill , here .
tr	11	He noticed that Megan was not very vigorous picking the coins either .
tr	6	" Can we sit down here for a sec ? "
tr	10	Breakfast didn 't have to be so sophisticated and take so long .
tr	11	While he ran he picked off the targets that were closest to them .
tr	11	It helped her to visualise what the book was about .
tr	10	I won 't be able to do that again .
tr	7	" Now what are these red , yellow and green lights at the intersections ? "
tr	8	But you listen up , if I ever catch you near Sofia again , I 'll kill you ! "
tr	7	Again , he looked and the sniper in the grain mill fired .
tr	7	I mean , you are lovable to me . "
tr	6	' Such things are said , ' Sleep affirmed , ' and so it has ever been .
tr	8	As she headed to her room , Claire 's mood continued to rise .
tr	6	" And , perhaps this is a stupid question , but can we trust our own soil experts ?
tr	7	They 'll avoid the royal lodges , but he 'll slip up .
tr	11	I scramble up as she leaps off her branches and lands on the edge of mine .
tr	10	We 'll have to get to him before the investigators .
tr	7	The flashing lights shined through a high window in the shower , and they kept flashing .
tr	11	" We 're part of the problem because we represent the nobility .
tr	8	It was the wrong tone to take .
tr	8	They both stood to address their hosts .
tr	8	Swallowing down the sick taste in her mouth , Claire set her sight on the tower and stepped off the platform .
tr	10	I frown looking at Savannah in awe .
tr	11	Good thing about places like this -- even though the place looked condemned , the foods fantastic .
tr	8	I also used much of the structural material to build the fuselage frame . "
tr	7	" What 's the big deal ; it 's just literature for spiritual development .
tr	7	Joey , known as " Joan " at the time , worked at his club in Pompano Beach .
tr	8	The creature cocked its head a bit to the side and its whole attitude changed .
tr	6	" She is a Queen , and at times , her tone and her profanity are warranted . "
tr	6	' I don 't know , ' she replied quietly .
tr	7	Rafe was silent for a moment .
tr	11	" You look great , " he answered , trying to keep the laughter out of his voice .
tr	6	Now what would he do ?
tr	10	Presumed they 're a change of clothes and thought you may want them .
tr	5	" With these two , my Lord Emperor , anything is possible . "
tr	6	The enforcer 's voice echoes into the trees .
tr	9	" O ... K ... " Kendall said and they continued to eat .
tr	9	This part of the trip will take 8-10 days depending on whether or not we stop over somewhere .
tr	6	She pulled down the hood , revealing sharp cheekbones , sharper eyes , and a lovely face .
tr	6	With that the ' Professor ' walked back to the counter .
tr	9	" How did the Russians know where to go ? "
tr	9	At the scrape of a guard 's sword being drawn she dropped the hand quickly .
tr	11	He glanced at the morning light that came through the entrance to the house .
tr	8	" Were the two of you close ? "
tr	8	I loved sleep as much as the next girl but food was always number one in my heart .
tr	8	" OK but only after one question , " she said .
tr	10	He raced through the backyard , up the hill , and onto the trail running along the canal .
tr	8	" And it 's been running on what ? "
tr	6	' So it seems , ' said Faramir , slowly and very softly , with a strange smile .
tr	8	He dramatically sliced the air in front of them with the machete for effect .
tr	10	" Or what she 's going to do , " added Kimberly .
tr	5	" But , no , this wasn 't a dog .
tr	11	He seems to believe he wants forgiveness .
tr	9	I thought the wind was from the fire .
tr	7	Right , what now ? "
tr	8	They looked at me as the Luton 's tailgate rolled up .
tr	5	Brenda , Barry , Nurse Watkins , and Aunt Tabby all screamed .
tr	11	His voice was even and low , but Alejo noticed a bead of sweat riding his father 's forehead .
tr	8	" We had seen her at least twice every year , before that . "
tr	7	David sat back in his chair and crossed his arms .
tr	11	Robinson is preparing some food to sustain the men for the sail .
tr	7	She stopped , composed herself .
tr	8	Could she really live a life on the run , with uncertainty her only constant ?
tr	9	It is entirely different from the thing I once resided within .
tr	9	It was a great place to play tag .
tr	10	You 'll know how to find them .
tr	8	I hear nothing , only the sound of the wind through the branches . "
tr	9	There were occasional clumps of brush to avoid , but there was also more light .
tr	7	She stared fixedly at the man , and he rose and glided from the chamber .
tr	8	Taylor said he felt sick .
tr	9	We moved silently aside as she crossed the threshold , her head cast down .
tr	11	He may not remember much , but he remembered waking up in the remains of the melted boat .
tr	8	I said , making him laugh .
tr	5	His fear , confusion , rage , and undying love engulfed her .
tr	8	Cade asked , coming up behind her .
tr	5	" And immature , " said Anna .
tr	7	What would someone want from us ?
tr	11	A narrow ridge formed a natural ramp that led up the steep face of the crag .
tr	8	Bradley hoped that the Tenacious lied and John had not in reality fallen to that temptation .
tr	11	She switches to manual controls and stumbles upon one of many tactical menus .
tr	10	She was fairly tall , even though at thirteen Simon was already taller than her .
tr	5	" No , no , a quieter place , " replied his driver .
tr	10	Wolf Eyes saw Raven enter the room of the river .
tr	6	" Over the edge to the deck below " " And come back up on the other side . "
tr	7	" It 's much like the old Roman alliance system . "
tr	7	Please , take me with you , " came the desperate plea .
tr	9	A statue of a wilting female regarded them with a baleful stare , which they ignored .
tr	11	Many men would be covered from head to toe particularly in the old days .
tr	10	She must think I 'm a nutter or a stalker .
tr	10	" All I need you to do is listen . "
tr	8	It 's totally immersed , but we can breathe underwater , so it 's not a big deal .
tr	9	The only thing that made sense , he decided , was to keep the memory card on his body .
tr	11	That must be the door that hed to the catacombs .
tr	11	But I refuse to quit until Aria is restored . "
tr	6	Slowly Maggie got the side and forward roll movements right and she closed in .
tr	11	Raymond was an idiot for not telling Zinger about Mac 's Imp removal .
tr	6	" Perhaps they are your friends , " suggested Valerian .
tr	11	If you move when things are going bad you 'll probably get shot .
tr	9	Its warmth was gentle and forgiving , healing the breach between them .
tr	9	Take one that 's less destroyed . "
tr	6	" Sooner or later he will find the truth .
tr	6	" Then at least you 'll know , " Melody said .
tr	7	" That will not be necessary , " she intoned .
tr	7	When they reached the council chamber , the council was already assembled and waiting .
tr	7	For some unknown reason , he didn 't look worried at all and he barely made any sudden gestures .
tr	10	She hated running the kingdom without him , but she would do what she had to .
tr	9	The demon bellows , mimicking Link 's battle cries exactly , though his voice is much deeper and distorted .
tr	11	" If I told you that , it wouldn 't be a classified location now , would it ? "
tr	7	At the front door , I paused , scanning the Extravaganza .
tr	6	It rained nearly the whole way back to the cottage .
tr	10	stated Candice attempting to turn Simon 's act of rebellion into a humorous reply .
tr	6	A lonely little smile plays across his lips .
tr	6	Are you all right , Tom ? "
tr	7	' Tis more friendly than Finan . "
tr	10	I kept the plate up not really sure how it could protect me but it was better than nothing .
tr	11	And this morning I talked with your dad about a possible job with Spy Games . "
tr	7	By way of an opinion , Simpson deployed a curt , reproductive word .
tr	11	A blast of energy shot from the top of the sphere initializes a new jump portal .
tr	8	It crossed the heavy traffic and headed for the old man and the wounded woman running down the road .
tr	9	The good doctor spoke sternly and he let her down , covering the body with a blanket .
tr	7	Gabriel 's mouth twisted wryly again , and he lowered the violin to his side .
tr	9	You have 3,000 feet more altitude than you need ; bleed off speed .
tr	7	As he reached 1000 metres , several targets were identified and highlighted in his helmet display .
tr	11	It was the smallest size they had in the women 's department .
tr	7	" It would appear so , " Natasha agreed and then turned to Vulcan .
tr	10	He could see she was playing for time so he went on , ' and what game do they play Sally ?
tr	7	Women , children , animals , it makes no difference to him .
tr	7	I closed the door , and looked in the mirror .
tr	5	Met Michael and Grace , got a job ... normal stuff .
tr	7	Andy pulled the helmet over his head and fished in his pocket for the Talisman .
tr	9	" You can feed the ducks if you want , " she replied .
tr	9	About the Author Hal Emerson lives in the San Francisco Bay Area , where he works as an author .
tr	10	He would still have to return the material after twenty-four months .
tr	6	Underneath the dirt and grime , he probably wasn 't too much older than me .
tr	8	" You have moved me , woman , " Sigmund said .
tr	10	Go running to the murderer for advice .
tr	9	Why would a gringo want to live all the way out here ? "
tr	11	Jake stumbled backwards , the mud from her boots sticking to his face .
tr	8	" Not that Link , " she points out once her giggles have subsided .
tr	9	I 'd like to do that .
tr	6	" No , he was always the same ; white bread , vanilla ice cream , and tap water . "
tr	9	I glared at him and opened my mouth to voice a protest .
tr	8	You must have gone up ten , twelve feet .
tr	9	Sam handed the tablet over as the door closed behind Hill .
tr	9	" Mum , how would you feel about seeing our home in Tuscany ? "
tr	9	" You have cost me a lot and I will collect from you and this bitch . "
tr	6	" Those swords look mean , " Rick added .
tr	8	She walked over the side wall of the room .
tr	11	Riley added , hoping that would ease him .
tr	11	She considered pushing him into the water but decided she 'd save her vengeance for later .
tr	8	After a couple of miles , they came to a place where there was an overhang .
tr	9	" I want to show you something , " the young man said .
tr	8	A chair sat in the middle of the floor .
tr	7	At the back of the shelf stood a small silver statue of a woman .
tr	10	The Admiral turns , appearing to access his control panel .
tr	5	He was the key . "
tr	10	Fifty thousand loads of laundry going at once , kitchen appliances at full blast , charging countless electrical devices and batteries .
tr	6	So the two , soul and body , are considered separate entities .
tr	9	" Nothing creepy or anything but it 's pretty obvious that he finds you attractive .
tr	11	I turn to face Kayla to kiss her again .
tr	11	Joe had found the opportunity ( sort of ) that he 'd been waiting for .
tr	9	That way , Cal reduced the risk of rumors getting out .
tr	6	In the distance , the golden light of a swollen , heavy sun set over gleaming white shores .
tr	7	" And now what do we do ?
tr	6	" Silver " Sylvia took a few steps forward slowly and held up her necklace .
tr	11	Mr. Cole looked over towards the door , but the two who had come to the hospital were already gone .
tr	8	Then it held the heart down with its paws and tore a chunk of flesh off .
tr	8	The car 's front bumper was the closest elevated position to Ted 's current position .
tr	11	Finally she had seemed a little more lucid , even sensible , which had surprised him .
tr	10	This was how it had to be .
tr	9	John and the chair were thrown across the room by the force of the heavy caliber bullet .
tr	8	" He 'll not be needing the car , " he said .
tr	9	He caught Sarah smiling as if she already knew .
tr	9	I have to get back to Berkley .
tr	8	' Haven 't you used the same ones in the past ? '
tr	5	An awkward redness stained his cheeks .
tr	7	As the American stomped up , I took a moment to glance at his lapels .
tr	8	Riki , of course , followed him , but she was called back by her mother .
tr	9	His mind , powered by the deaths , shot outward , farther than he 'd ever gone before .
tr	5	" Well , then , can I braid his mane ?
tr	7	The sunrise was reflecting on the sea below them like a million shining jewels .
tr	10	It 's just the cards I 've been dealt .
tr	8	He searched all around the house and through all the outbuildings , but he didn 't see anyone else . "
tr	6	Dr. Morgan asked with blunt sincerity .
tr	10	You could even disband your own pitiful forces since they would be unnecessary . "
tr	7	From Rupert 's description , the pipe would be directly below me .
tr	6	She calmly picked up the tray , tugged aside the blankets , and studied his wound .
tr	7	We 'll be in touch again in the next few days .
tr	9	She wanted proof so my dad wouldn 't fire her .
tr	5	" Yeah , yeah , me and everybody else .
tr	10	If I ever hope to free Patrick .
tr	7	He shook his head , draining his glass .
tr	8	I demand that you tell me ! "
tr	10	They sprinted for it , scrambling up into the branches like monkeys .
tr	8	That would be enough for now .
tr	8	The ship suddenly lurches and Valerie is again tossed to the deck plates .
tr	7	" Oh , just outside the wall , having a snack .
tr	9	" One does what one is able , " she said obscurely .
tr	9	Anderson sent a quick dispatch north to General Butch Matthews to report to him immediately .
tr	8	They 'd be crazy not to .
tr	6	We could work -- " He zipped his briefcase .
tr	11	It took twenty minutes to get her ready for liftoff .
tr	7	Beneath his thick head of wavy , sandy brown hair , his hazel eyes have a calming effect .
tr	6	" State your intention , " Selena said , " Declare your challenge . "
tr	9	Update : After my hopeful report of this morning , Teddy has taken a turn for the worse .
tr	11	' Was it anything to do with fire ? '
tr	10	I can 't wait to show it to you later .
tr	10	However , she had disappeared as unexpectedly as she had appeared .
tr	7	" Well , for a start you sing like a sheep , " retorted Mark .
tr	10	Finally he turned the shuttle to face outwards and got ready to begin the blast phase .
tr	8	Happy to do anything I can to help . "
tr	6	Two silver guns with silencers , glinting in the afternoon sun .
tr	6	She placed the tray on the floor .
tr	5	" Your arm , General , " the woman , Fionn , pushed .
tr	8	Did you ever want to be a spy ? "
tr	6	He was bathed and groomed , and his hair was neatly cut and combed .
tr	6	A few minutes later he found the entry to the cave .
tr	6	Slowly , with a deliberate hand , Lucy removed the golden loop from her head .
tr	9	At the time MI6 were worried about a spy within their organisation .
tr	10	Eric asked , smiling for the first time in days .
tr	9	Aries wants us out in force to provide ' eyes on ' for the assault force . "
tr	7	' Lucas speaks very highly of you . '
tr	10	In unspoken agreement , they used the time waiting for the water to boil to marshal thoughts .
tr	10	They didn 't have time to go to the magazine .
tr	6	Outside , the rosy light of dawn glowed over the eastern hills .
tr	11	Mac was still exhaling when Raymond sprang up and threw the wrench at him .
tr	6	" Well then , let 's get out our Dutch flag , " Black Beard states with a smile .
tr	8	Curiously she picked up the sheet of paper and read .
tr	8	' He 's always been a bit of a pacifist . '
tr	7	Slowly he turns toward the young woman but he does not see her .
tr	7	" We 'll get to that later .
tr	10	She entertained the curious idea that he had somehow placed her on telepathic hold .
tr	7	" I was born on the vernal equinox - in a leap year .
tr	10	" Are either of you carrying any sort of weapon ? "
tr	8	He let his words sink in for a few seconds .
tr	6	By the time the beast was motionless , her injury had completely healed .
tr	5	" Just the beginning , sweetheart , " a voice called out .
tr	9	The canyon would keep them out of sight of any night-vision devices that the enemy might have .
tr	5	" But , alas , dear boy , it is her decision . "
tr	8	It is with the consent of your queen that we carry out your sentence . "
tr	6	They took baby steps and rounded the corner .
tr	6	She had long blonde hair and blue eyes , just like a movie star .
tr	9	She clenched her fist as she glared down at Sofia .
tr	6	" They 're not loaded , Logan , " I chided .
tr	7	I stepped down , shivered , and drew my waistcoat around me .
tr	10	" Does it matter what color goes where ? "
tr	7	Let 's talk about you so we don 't talk about me .
tr	8	" It 's a colloquial Japanese phrase meaning penis , " he informed her with a childish snicker .
tr	7	He left the shabby dressing room and squelched in leather pants still not dry from their daily soaping .
tr	9	The door was already forced half open so we let ourselves in .
tr	10	" We need a rug of mink fur for this one , " Three Baskets said , smiling .
tr	7	The combination is a leap over regular robotic controls . "
tr	9	I went looking for it and there it was on the top shelf .
tr	6	He took off the handbrake , swung the car around , and drove down the hill .
tr	10	To be shocked to be alive .
tr	10	He grabbed a blanket and threw it over his shoulders while Lonnie headed for the light switch .
tr	8	All structures , without exception , would be reduced to rubble .
tr	7	" I didn 't hurt him , " I say .
tr	8	" You go on home , boy , " he said .
tr	8	George and Phillip were in front , Steve was in the trunk ... HOLD ON .
tr	10	said the eagle that was carrying them .
tr	11	" Why do you think they had sent you to the human world ?
tr	9	Behind us , McCabe 's men swiftly set up a security perimeter and started to clear the surrounding blocks .
tr	7	As if reading my thoughts , the old man bows his head in supplication .
tr	7	A sudden wave of dizziness overtook her , and she swayed .
tr	11	I suppose you wish you were too , right ? "
tr	5	Oh well , the world 's a strange place .
tr	7	Certainly take more than one ... . .
tr	8	" Adele , take Eda and go back to the tent , one of the men will take you . "
tr	7	The other three were in hot pursuit , but it was too little too late .
tr	6	" You look ... you 're lookin ' ... I mean , you know . "
tr	9	Suddenly he got down on one knee and bent his head in front of her .
tr	10	There had always been legends of White Wolves talking , but he always assumed they were just that : legends .
tr	7	The framework must be exactly right , or it will not work .
tr	10	Don 't worry , Mr. Cantwell ; I 'll behave myself . "
tr	9	He decided to check , just in case .
tr	5	" What did you do ? "
tr	8	What 's to eat ? "
tr	7	Nero nodded and followed his men toward the door .
tr	8	Our family shouldn 't even be seen with you . "
tr	8	The high school scenario of two teens fooling around dissolved .
tr	9	Surely Hailey would lose her eggs to the army of ants .
tr	6	* In the morning , Edmund at last got his father 's attention .
tr	9	He became aware suddenly that Adele was shivering and cursed himself .
tr	11	I think he could have a lot of fun with your average psychologist . "
tr	6	" Papa will be fine , son . "
tr	6	To him it seemed more like a weak analog television signal .
tr	8	Another possessed a rack of muskets , pistols , and rifles , with powder and shot to accompany them .
tr	9	He acknowledged the driver of the Lincoln with a brief nod and got in the back of the car .
tr	8	As the Chevy swerved in and out of the mid-afternoon traffic , Reid glanced at the rear view mirror and frowned .
tr	9	This telepathic intrusion was more violent than either he had so far endured .
tr	5	" How bad ... " " The burn victims are the worst . "
tr	9	Rick felt a sudden pang of guilt , " Pause the TV , please , T. " The image froze .
tr	7	He sheathed the blade and started toward the door at a jog .
tr	6	' He never looked great , but now he looks worse than ever ! '
tr	8	" Is it the same old guy Andy bumped into in the museum ? "
tr	7	Get out of my father 's desk !
tr	7	" You look so macho , what with that wig and bin liner skirt . "
tr	8	Maya grins and cheers happily at the amazing sensation of flight .
tr	8	Carlos shrugged and reached into a pocket and pulled out a slim flip phone and offered it to Mark .
tr	10	I just don 't know if I can do it .
tr	10	Now I could really see what was going on .
tr	8	" Or has a wolf already found me ? "
tr	9	This private neighborhood with its lavish houses had almost no traffic so anything out of the ordinary would broadcast its presence .
tr	10	' Do you know who I am ? '
tr	8	" Surprised to see us ? "
tr	8	Even Carl 's PA couldn 't have come up with diving headfirst down a sand dune .
tr	5	Following her mysterious departure , her species no longer flaunted their immortality .
tr	9	In one of the corners of the great hall , right in the shadows , is a well .
tr	5	Did any band member have drug , alcohol , health or personality issues ?
tr	10	' This is for taking care of him . '
tr	7	" See who , Master ? "
tr	9	Thatch and Cobble fell hard on their backs to land in the dirt .
tr	8	After the wedding night , I tried to run away twice .
tr	6	" The most important prize is the main hangar complex , with Eve .
tr	9	I came within an inch of death for bringing shame on my family .
tr	9	He started to sweat , and seemed to stop breathing .
tr	10	She could not even remember what he looked like anymore .
tr	8	" On his release , the hospital recommended somewhere hot and sunny with no chance of snow or blizzards . "
tr	8	" Not by the Wilds , " she corrected with a feral grin , " more like in . "
tr	8	" I never knew those were there . "
tr	7	They both stared at him , obviously expecting something .
tr	8	" Your ... " Brazen searched for words , " Jesus talk about love and forgiveness and redemption .
tr	5	Oh yeah , good one vodka , she thought .
tr	10	" Tori , who are you yelling at ? "
tr	9	Each person started and ended their contribution with the magical phrases that Lilly Ann had composed .
tr	7	Logan and I turned to him and bowed low .
tr	7	Want to come along ? "
tr	10	They 're the chains men use to try to bind nature .
tr	5	" Well , come on .
tr	11	She had to fight the shivers running through her .
tr	7	Naturally , he had no useful piece of wire .
tr	9	He did not tell him why , just that it was urgent .
tr	8	The progress bar at the bottom of his screen showed sixty percent .
tr	6	" What about you Jackson ?
tr	8	" John , " David moaned from his side of the big bed .
tr	8	" Forgive me for saying this , but you shoot quite well , especially for a woman .
tr	8	The memories lash against their bonds , the ones I can 't think about .
tr	10	Lizzie saw him again sooner than she would have guessed .
tr	5	I make a good chicken and dumplings dish or Polynesian beef and broccoli .
tr	11	" You know what bothers me about that whole ' Just ask Lilly ' idea ? "
tr	5	" Very well , then , " he suddenly fumed .
tr	10	She didn 't like patterns they were not useful .
tr	11	I had no idea what to say to him .
tr	9	It would soon be time for them to leave .
tr	6	The eyes are green , wide set in a freckled face ... ... that sun again .
tr	9	We paid and they didn 't give what they promised .
tr	9	You understand what 's at risk .
tr	10	' I wonder if Richard or Trudie could get ze record to them ? '
tr	8	" We have to call the President right now . "
tr	5	But you , Elizabeth , you are so much more . "
tr	8	She had the prettiest little girl with her ; big blue eyes and hair touched with sunshine . "
tr	8	We came alongside Homeward Bound with a dingy full of food .
tr	8	Perhaps you are better with Air -- a few women are . "
tr	7	No , the past few weeks have highlighted our complete deficiency in intelligence and information gathering .
tr	9	I could see she was crying .
tr	6	Where did you get this ? "
tr	10	But a hard edge entered Pickett 's voice that set his nerves on edge .
tr	10	Chris wasn 't sure how he felt about that , but nodded anyway .
tr	8	She tumbled backwards out of the elevator , falling down on her butt .
tr	6	And then ... her boom swung the other way , and wind again filled her sails .
tr	8	" And just how do you even know this is true ?
tr	6	But more importantly , the gas had hurt Josie .
tr	7	Everyone in the group was loyal to the Falcon .
tr	8	As Finan spoke he was pulling his sword free of its sheath .
tr	6	" Just kidding , did you enjoy the breakfast ?
tr	8	Connie was first to speak .
tr	10	Were they planning to keep protesting ?
tr	7	" When we reach the lower valley , where will we look ? "
tr	9	He stood there for 20 minutes looking through his night vision binoculars . "
tr	8	Calvin was doing what he is .
tr	7	-- by the ghost of Sir Brand , this was just the beginning .
tr	11	* " My oh my just look at you , " said David , " you 've got legs !
tr	8	That 's going a bit far , ' she said harshly .
tr	8	Two guards were stationed at the bottom , and they caught sight of the three immediately .
tr	10	The fist connected directly with Steve 's left cheek , making him tumble to the ground .
tr	7	He 'd notice , then he 'd laugh that horrible mocking laugh again .
tr	7	Or , if things got messy , he could just leave her behind .
tr	7	They couldn 't be ... you couldn 't have ... " " Oh , yes , they can be .
tr	7	Could be trapped too . "
tr	10	' It 's going to be quite an adventure yes ? '
tr	9	After months of waiting , the JP still had not actually received anything from the WTR in return for the electricity .
tr	7	His adorableness is his primary strength as a writer .
tr	6	Fair question , " he said blue eyes twinkling .
tr	8	Searching for days , Navi is still nowhere to be found .
tr	7	Webster gaped at him with wide eyes , " You really think so ? "
tr	8	A window occupied the upper half : several figures were visible behind it .
tr	7	You spin schemes like a spider , and you are just as poisonous .
tr	7	" You are wearing a new dress , " Taylor gladly played along .
tr	9	Anna reunited with the team as Abby took Kaylie and Christy to the soccer field .
tr	5	" Please , get ... out ... of ... here .
tr	6	So did their sight and sense of smell .
tr	8	He is not the same as before , not since the light washed his face .
tr	11	Eventually I could tell we were underground by the dank , thick air .
tr	6	On his way down the stairs again the thought of the blinds still played on his mind .
tr	10	How was he going to explain this to his parents ?
tr	8	" I don 't know and it 's not really pertinent to our discussion . "
tr	9	In fact , he couldn 't remember ever seeing the governess at a loss .
tr	11	Who had he said was trapped ?
tr	9	Those radio broadcasts could be coming from anywhere or be a hoax for that matter . "
tr	11	Katherine chuckled but stopped when Mandy spotted her before leaving .
tr	7	Each tree was twisted and grew in unexpected directions .
tr	10	For some reason I still can 't figure out , he went for me first .
tr	8	If she ended up on the streets Marcus would never forgive himself .
tr	7	The bikers rolled cautiously down the slope toward the burnt wreckage .
tr	6	" She 's working , Le .
tr	8	Can we move on to something more fun now ? "
tr	7	Victoria laid her head on William shoulder , relaxed and closed her eyes .
tr	10	I did want to ask .
tr	9	If they had not been approached or questioned then they would consider it safe .
tr	7	It was a scene of utter devastation .
tr	6	There is so much more here , parchment scrolls , ancient codices , they , re everywhere .
tr	9	Rolling forward as Ganon attempts a horizontal swing , Link finds an opening , slashing at his enemy 's exposed leg .
tr	7	' Thanks guys , it 's high time you came to a gig . '
tr	9	It is the aura of a thirst for blood .
tr	8	Perhaps there was more to the incident than Finn 's brief account had implied ?
tr	10	Everything had its purpose , whether the part be used for food or clothing .
tr	11	I would honor you with a feather if you learn who our visitors are . "
tr	8	Retreat would be difficult at best .
tr	10	" Your farm is waiting for you ; for you and your wife .
tr	6	" Yes , Sonia , they do , " he replied and his arms gave her a squeeze .
tr	6	One deer faced the front man ; the other faced the rear .
tr	8	No quick trip home was worth a lifetime of gibbering idiocy .
tr	8	You have sullied the very core of our society with your ambition . "
tr	7	In many I have been welcome , in others not .
tr	6	After all , they have the grand homes , the leisure , and the income to entertain .
tr	7	" Not bad at all , about 72 degrees ... " " It 's no hot-tub ! "
tr	8	The first glimpse of dawns light crawls into the horizon as Link and Zelda rejoin their unlikely ally .
tr	10	I need to know where she is !
tr	7	She turned a glance to me , but her tone lacked the coldness from before .
tr	8	A few minutes passed before a second jolt rocked the carriage .
tr	5	" We 're still alive , witch . "
tr	5	' Point taken ' I said .
tr	9	" Damian , what are you doing ?
tr	7	An emotion showed up briefly in her empty eyes and her breath stayed in her lungs .
tr	9	The Seeker watched with an impassive face , and that terrifying look of pity .
tr	9	Where do you think the Trojan Devices are going ? "
tr	6	Some were downright horrifying , but he saw them all nonetheless .
tr	9	" I guess that 's a no , " she whispered .
tr	8	The doctor examined Kenny and very soon stood up and looking at Graham solemnly shook his head .
tr	10	" Do we know how it happened ? "
tr	9	" Excuse me , what happened here ? "
tr	11	" Yes , Paddy me old friend , I 'm going to stay over and drive back in the morning .
tr	10	Archie opened his mouth to reply , but there was nothing he could say .
tr	7	Jesus , there 's a lot of them ! "
tr	6	With shaking hands she finished the water in one thirsty gulp .
tr	10	He was alone , a circumstance that would have bewildered Rafe yet further had he but known of it .
tr	7	We 're entertaining company in the study . "
tr	7	Paul kept the grin on his face , but shook his shoulders and nodded his head .
tr	5	" The hardware store , an antiques dealer an ' the auction house . "
tr	7	They had brought it from the caf .
tr	6	Wolf Eyes went straight into the square to the communal fire .
tr	10	' But what was their excuse for not contacting you in twenty-five years ? '
tr	9	Time is shattered and Jason drifts in an ocean of calm .
tr	7	" Sounds like a little before your time , too , " VIN replied .
tr	11	" For the simple fact that you make Laurence smile again , to actually remember why he is living . "
tr	11	Walter Beale was about to be one of them .
tr	7	These were the parting words of encouragement from the Saints before the boys ' upcoming trials .
tr	8	Danny agreed having arrived too .
tr	11	If it 's attached to a wall read it out loud , " Tori said .
tr	8	Chris almost smiled to himself thinking , no shit Sherlock .
tr	11	I grabbed Malcolm 's hand and swung our arms like we were an innocent couple in love .
tr	6	In another hour or so I am at its foot .
tr	8	On the balcony , looking out over the lake , Connie was all business .
tr	10	" ' Foolishness is tied up with the heart of a boy , ' I have out grown such things . "
tr	11	That meant I needed to look elsewhere .
tr	8	Today he 's probably one of the biggest gangsters in Canada ... but of a very specific sort .
tr	8	As he hit the ground , all of the oxygen was expelled from Simon 's lungs .
tr	7	Someone might be in the hall .
tr	11	Do I need to go ? "
tr	9	" To this day I do not fully understand what he did , or where he went .
tr	5	" No you couldn 't , " she said very definitely .
tr	7	When she nodded , they turned south to the plains .
tr	8	The first few close in , and Rift makes short work of them .
tr	11	They couldn 't track him as easily if he didn 't follow a pattern .
tr	8	" Good , very astute observation , I 'm proud of you but the answer to your question is no . "
tr	9	" So , if we speak about the truth , you deserve to know yourself one .
tr	9	" How do you mean to seek him ? "
tr	7	But to the great credit of your close relatives and you yourselves you have overcome everything .
tr	5	This guy was a nutcase !
tr	9	His chest ached as he gasped for air .
tr	11	To Muhammad it sounded as if the universe were being cracked open like an egg .
tr	10	" They will find it very familiar , after all they made it , " Aria says .
tr	11	I believe they made you incapable of human emotion .
tr	7	" Last outgoing rounds are on their way , " he advised .
tr	8	This time Alejo felt he had no plan .
tr	8	She hurried to catch up .
tr	10	Foxton raised what was left of his eyebrows .
tr	11	Upon closer inspection , Link sees the sharpened chunk of forged steel has a partial Triforce engraved upon its side .
tr	10	She looked at the satnav and cursed as yet another roundabout appeared on the screen .
tr	10	' I will not have you question my allegiance to my race so readily , Agatha , ' she said sharply .
tr	8	As far as I can tell , that is their only holding .
tr	11	Victoria was trembling , fighting an overwhelming urge to run and find Toby .
tr	7	The robes were rough wool and hung off the slight figures , but they were spotless and showed not a wrinkle .
tr	5	" Mack , you hear this maniac ? "
tr	8	He had always been one of her favorites .
tr	11	It was actually what led him to become a detective .
tr	8	It may seem like a good idea now , but people will regret it tomorrow .
tr	10	Then she heard strains of David Grey playing quietly and the happy bubble popped .
tr	6	" This back bedroom is not safe , " she said .
tr	5	And also the key , for safe keeping , I remembered .
tr	7	Not that he was fat , by no means .
tr	8	The look on her face was one of disgust rather than admiration .
tr	11	I 'm afraid it 's no longer in production , ' she said with a disparaging sniff .
tr	9	Kevin started moving forward out of the cellar and into the dank dark cave .
tr	9	She flashed grin mischievous grin , " something hungry . "
tr	7	" Through that door in the main room Sir , " she answered .
tr	6	As a result , a state of general confusion reigned across Texas .
tr	11	I pulled out the gadget that unlocked doors , stuck it into the keyhole , and wiggled it around .
tr	8	Along the horizon , a range of mountains loomed above the train , casting its majestic shadow over the land .
tr	7	Rapid footsteps echoed on the metal steps and faded in the distance .
tr	7	I ran to the front door , slid it open hastily , and nearly tripped out the door .
tr	7	He pointed towards our equipment as he neared .
tr	9	105 percent power , I never knew she had more than 100 percent .
tr	10	Tears rolled down his cheeks , and he weaved , clutching Jacob for support .
tr	6	My hands roamed across his chest , exploring .
tr	5	Jimmy 's gray shirt was rumpled and sweaty .
tr	6	Dust and sweets and sweat and some other odor that was like the kitchen two hours after a big meal .
tr	9	An empty picture frame stood adjacent to a dying cactus plant on the window sill .
tr	10	" No thanks , just no Sirens or Harleys to lull me back to sleep . "
tr	10	Camden smiled one of his big silly grins as he held up two of the items .
tr	8	His eyes turned to Laura and he walked over to the crib , gently picking her up .
tr	8	" Did he try pulling his foot out of his boot ? "
tr	7	The zombie 's head hit the concrete edge of the loading dock as it fell .
tr	9	except for when I was away .
tr	9	" How soon can you be ready to go ? "
tr	10	' I vote we get the hell out of here now ! '
tr	9	It 's obviously been difficult for you surviving out here . "
tr	6	At first glance the seventeenth-century wooden structure seemed dark , heavy , weighted down by an uncertain past .
tr	5	" Yeah , he sure did , " I holstered my gun .
tr	9	" I have no fear of you yeoman , " Hartman states confidently .
tr	7	Actually it was the opposite , they all burst out laughing and it was loud and annoying .
tr	9	" Young man , you are obviously wanting to improve your Italian .
tr	8	She calmed him like a mother calms a child .
tr	10	I also need to check in with mum and provide her an update . "
tr	11	I was in the copse at the back of the house , you can 't see the courtyard from there .
tr	5	" Why go through all this trouble ? "
tr	7	Don 't worry , chook , we 'll get you there for your flight . "
tr	8	" Too bad , he would have been good for the stomach .
tr	11	In her heels she had to be well over six feet towering over her mother .
tr	8	Then we 'll get married in a few months . "
tr	7	" I was just kidding , " he said and sat back to bed .
tr	9	" Well ... it 's hard to say , really .
tr	5	" I do not understand . "
tr	8	" Don 't talk down to me , boy ! "
tr	8	That 's what he is and Sky 's better off without him .
tr	7	I thanked the guard for his help and then taped his mouth closed .
tr	7	A shiver ran down my spine for the second time that day .
tr	11	' This key has got to be for something here , ' I said tensely .
tr	10	He swallowed hard , touching her face " Things will be different there .
tr	10	We must rest before passing among them . "
tr	10	He continued walking without looking back .
tr	5	He , as everyone else , wore an oversized FBI jacket .
tr	7	A hidden panel in his office wall parted , revealing a darkened chamber within .
tr	5	" Not today you won 't , " said Cesare , smiling .
tr	9	I clenched my fists and ignored the numb coldness spreading through my limbs .
tr	10	Lowering the window , he added , " And ... try not to be seen . "
tr	8	He was like a proud father showing off his newborn .
tr	6	" Hunter One this is Guard Four , " a deep voice answered .
tr	6	X-Men face off against GI Joes .
tr	8	Maria felt like abandoning the adventure .
tr	9	For some reason the lead buck had failed to detect the hunters .
tr	9	Frantically she 'd tried to back pedal .
tr	7	" If you ignore the red tint , sire , it is actually quite lovely ! "
tr	8	He handed it back with great dignity , managing a covert glance at Gan .
tr	7	With a quick glance around the concourse , he headed for the departure gate .
tr	6	Every so often , one of them appraised him up and down , took an image , then wrote something .
tr	10	" Welcome back to the land of the living ; you were gone a long time you know . "
tr	7	Amazingly , some of the enemy had survived and a brief firefight ensued .
tr	8	Perhaps he was far more transparent than he thought .
tr	11	I can see this is not the way of the Northlands . "
tr	5	" My , my , what a little hussy I 've created . "
tr	5	" My baby , my baby , " she cried .
tr	8	Without even thinking the boys threw themselves into the thick of the battle .
tr	11	I wonder if I dare get out my phone and take some pictures for the blog .
tr	7	His body was stiffening from all the activity .
tr	6	The sharp ends of the swords followed him down .
tr	9	He sat on his pony as still as a statue , watching the flock and scanning the surrounding scrub and pasture .
tr	8	When they got to the house , David pulled John out of the saddle and handed him to Sarah .
tr	6	The cloudless sky was bright ; nevertheless , the first street lamps were already on .
tr	7	The driver pulls a gun from his waistband , and I am not afraid .
tr	11	They froze in place , their eyes scanning the terrain for movement .
tr	9	I guess practice makes perfect , I thought as I admired my doorway to the hidden ways .
tr	8	Lance turns , flaps his wings and soars away from the station .
tr	11	The office did tell him that she had called in that day .
tr	11	Do you know where she is ? "
tr	7	I could 've killed him .
tr	8	" Tomorrow we 'll have the best day ever , " Tori said to cheer Jess up .
tr	6	Be ready at any time . "
tr	11	" I was thinking of taking the Silver Grey M6 ... . . "
tr	5	And her hair was once again long .
tr	5	" Oh , no , not that drafty , dreary hall , " Mana said .
tr	9	I can 't remember where , but I have seen your face on the mesh network with one word : Deceased .
tr	7	" I can meet Himself right here , you just say when , and lead him to my place .
tr	8	" As well as can be expected , " she replied .
tr	7	But all of a sudden the ceiling gave in , producing a little crack .
tr	7	The tri-colored apartment complex where he waited soared to the cloudless sky , cream , cinnamon , and pistachio .
tr	10	There were no cows that he could see and no children .
tr	7	With that he spread his pure white wings and took off toward the sky .
tr	11	She had always acted as though she was jealous of her .
tr	6	" Stop at once ; you almost bit my fingers off .
tr	10	She wasn 't used to spend time with people .
tr	8	They could look down and see fish swimming along the bottom .
tr	9	We sail through the night for a long while , and the tears eventually dwindle .
tr	9	Beale didn 't know much about ' Gabriel ' , only had a phone number . "
tr	11	I know it 's probably not as you remember -- " " Not as I remember ! "
tr	8	Nathan jumped down between them again and soon Joshua approached them from the hill to their rear .
tr	6	Husband , two and a half kids , a dog , and a white picket fence .
tr	7	" Anyway , he 's the most trustworthy man in the entire city .
tr	11	How close was this man to being one of the smiling blind ?
tr	9	The others would be in the guard 's line of sight momentarily .
tr	6	Her body was limp , her arms spread wide .
tr	9	He could not see the bottom of the cavern where Black Scorpion had fallen .
tr	7	Silence emanated from beyond it .
tr	10	There would be plenty of time for that .
tr	7	" What 's eating him ?
tr	6	But then he rose , dusted off his clothes , and flashed his twisted , evil smile .
tr	11	The animal made anything it touched seem fragile .
tr	6	" This the tenth day , sweetheart , " she replied .
tr	8	Or , three ... " Doug Burnett 's sentence was cut short by a fierce growling sound .
tr	6	Your guy must be somewhere else ! "
tr	10	I 'll buy a copy on my way to work . '
tr	8	Back to Table of Contents Chapter Five January 31 Angelique woke in the morning , shivering from the cold .
tr	8	But then , he knew times were tough .
tr	7	Its stark red eyes stared down at her with eerie determination and a lust for killing .
tr	10	expression and he smiled then dropped to his stomach and crawled up beside her .
tr	7	Ward allowed himself to unwind .
tr	11	Connor and Maria hit the stairs entering the subway entrance faster than they were walking .
tr	7	" It was in our most basic studies at the Air Force Academy , Mr. Bishop .
tr	10	I believe you need to know .
tr	10	" I thought we were going all the way to Baghdad ? "
tr	7	Watch and listen , and you too will understand , " Edie May promised .
tr	6	She held the cane high , over her head .
tr	9	He fixed his eyes on Alejo , who grimly nodded .
tr	11	' Easy to remember ; difficult to forget , ' Randy said .
tr	8	Layla 's eyes danced about the city names as they had a hundred times before .
tr	11	They were waiting for come what may .
tr	7	" Or maybe they 're holding all the bargaining chips right now , " said Toby .
tr	7	Would they stand up for him , or even remember him a few months from now ?
tr	7	" Looking forward to it ! "
tr	9	I promise I 'll leave afterward . "
tr	8	He drew forth his sword and studied the fight before him , measuring for just the right moment .
tr	7	Inserting the tub 's plug , she turned the faucet on the pipe .
tr	11	Her interjections were preventing him from coming to the point , and nothing irritated him more than interruption .
tr	9	They went down the same road that Taylor and Hunt had walked before .
tr	9	We make different textures and mix in various ingredients for effect so that every artist or writer can select their favorite .
tr	11	The tactical visor superimposed the thermal image of the sleeping form into his field of vision .
tr	8	Others groaned , forcing themselves upright .
tr	9	Where was she and why did the whole room shimmer the color of her bloody cloth ?
tr	9	" Clem and Perry , " he shouted , seeing the two fishermen in the crowd .
tr	8	Someone had at least washed him and dressed him in some respectable clothes .
tr	10	" People wouldn 't be able to handle it . "
tr	7	" Absolutely , we need find something , the smallest snippet of information can be invaluable . "
tr	11	Logan , for his part , threw out his chest , defying the shot about to come .
tr	8	The road turned into a bridge over water as they reached a swamp .
tr	10	He felt that he was being watched but was not afraid .
tr	6	St Pauls Cathedral , the Tower of London and Trafalgar Square .
tr	10	" Oh , I thought you were gone already , " Missy sat up .
tr	8	Landon watched her face contort in pain , lips parting to say something .
tr	10	" When you will wake up , you will find it in your pocket , with the address written on it .
tr	9	The driver leaned on his horn , the sound also filling my car .
tr	10	A man and a woman celebrating their awakening to the life summoning force of new love .
tr	9	They don 't care how they get it . "
tr	7	" Yes , " she replied , waking up suddenly .
tr	10	I felt you should hear it from me directly .
tr	9	It seems plausible that they might follow us further . "
tr	6	His tone , though slightly accented , was old school aristocracy .
tr	9	I told them , that my ass is not for their faces .
tr	10	For something licensed to hold six people it looked tiny .
tr	9	He was found guilty of conspiracy and shipped off the planet to some hellish place , " his father stated .
tr	8	If you can 't open a hatch , blow it open .
tr	6	For a moment , he danced , his eyes bulging .
tr	10	Said to be spoken by angels .
tr	10	How could he know he wasn 't hurting innocents ?
tr	6	~ ~ ~ Chapter 15 Gema 's Cave .
tr	5	The driver handed the old man a small box .
tr	10	Do you know about Ashley ? "
tr	11	He had his nose turned up like he smelled something bad .
tr	8	The boy asks , squinting at the dark visage beneath the black hood .
tr	9	By then , we had reached the catacombs of St. Stephen 's Cathedral .
tr	8	As he hopped his way through the street he spun his staff and took the approach of the stag .
tr	9	She knew Miss Julie was also a first born .
tr	8	" Seems like someone 's been spreading tales , " Byron commented .
tr	8	" Try to remain undetected .
tr	5	" Yeah , I guess , " I reply .
tr	9	He flipped down the newspaper and gave me the eye , suspicious that I even cared .
tr	10	She really did want it taken personally .
tr	8	" I was trying to sleep . "
tr	9	' Say goodbye to Anna for me . '
tr	9	Logan raised his voice as he shouldered through the crowd .
tr	6	the driver said in a hoarse voice .
tr	10	" When do you think you 'll tell Church your tale ?
tr	9	But since we 'd arrived in France it was all about Spy Games .
tr	9	" Make ready to transport the prisoners . "
tr	8	Still , this rather grim statement would have brought her merriment to an abrupt end .
tr	7	Trust yourself , her mom would say , people have instincts just like animals .
tr	11	He bolted out of his chair and headed straight for one of the agents in the lobby .
tr	8	The outer layer took most of the wear and tear and was easily replaced .
tr	11	It would make sense that they would follow them back on this trail .
tr	11	" Do you think that 's possible ? "
tr	11	Dr. Morgan looked up while cutting and said , abruptly , " Save it .
tr	9	Ted didn 't know how to react .
tr	7	Back at my table , I shoved the camera into my bag and slung it over my shoulder .
tr	7	Now we 'll have some tea , we 've had a rather exciting day . "
tr	6	We immediately left the lobby through a side door .
tr	8	The next thing you 'll see will be Waikiki . "
tr	7	He opened the door and just stood there in amazement .
tr	8	It took every ounce of emotional strength she had not to physically or verbally launch into David .
tr	6	" You trust me , don 't you ? "
tr	9	" Your relationship with Victoria is not part of her deal with Alfred .
tr	7	Dr. Warner called out as he quickly worked .
tr	8	" Your father tutored me when I was young .
tr	9	The hastily aimed shot missed the shapeshifter , riddling the front of the motel many feet behind him .
tr	11	Then they decided to accept their pleasant dinner companion 's invitation to visit his cabin .
tr	6	You sure know a lot , " Cassie commented in a low voice .
tr	11	Henderson just smiles and asks me if I want to work the radios today .
tr	9	Mark grabbed her by the arm as she headed for the door .
tr	8	Let us keep you safe . "
tr	5	" No it can 't , " a familiar voice instantly replied .
tr	10	He couldn 't decide if he had just been offended or flattered .
tr	8	It hardly seemed that bad , standing there with him .
tr	5	With each slow stride ahead , more murmurs die out .
tr	6	Something went drastically wrong following the Viet Nam era .
tr	9	" What is the best way to get there ? "
tr	8	It did , however , break the tension as well as the silence .
tr	10	The one we ran into at that inn near the Green Cross all those years ago ? "
tr	6	For three days and two nights , Arn led his warriors away from the Great Dome , into the Wastelands .
tr	7	" A rock with mold , " Jim said , " He 's pointing at the mold . "
tr	7	They bumped and jolted down some rutted road , and she became painfully aware of her aching bladder .
tr	9	The ship 's bow had stopped just before where the New Castle Island harbor once sat .
tr	10	Matthew asked as they walked briskly past darkened storefronts .
tr	7	Nathan and his family just took in the sight and no one below saw them yet .
tr	11	The ground he stands upon sizzles at such a high pitch , the noise soon fades into Rift 's subconscious .
tr	6	The punch fell , BOOM , my clothing fluttered and the demon 's head disappeared into the floor .
tr	7	Beneath his feet , Chris felt the Pamela 's engines slow , then stop .
tr	11	the shapeshifter said , smiling as it stepped from the elevator .
tr	8	In the sitting room , Theodosia idly leafed through a book of fashions .
tr	7	So , here we are , and you are for real .
tr	7	He showed her the food machine , and when the next voice sounded , they both went to it .
tr	7	Why had Lord Rafe put her in this impossible position ?
tr	7	When the caller rang a third time , then a fourth , Alejo 's adrenaline picked up .
tr	11	" Don 't get distracted by the view -- a wrong step could be ... unhealthy . "
tr	11	It was Rand 's comfort she had sought and not his .
tr	9	He would show them , the Priestess , his father , Neela , all of them .
tr	10	Dark hair tucked behind an ear and the meanest look she had ever seen on him .
tr	8	but before my conscious mind could even process the information my subconscious interrupted and asked the question .
tr	11	Everything had been just an illusion that had tricked their eyes .
tr	11	Not without being able to scent him .
tr	8	" That 's not what I meant , " Jimmy said .
tr	10	" Christ we were right in the middle of Orwell 's 1984 and didn 't even realize it .
tr	9	Manipulating the pillars is a matter of rearranging the dots .
tr	10	It would have made my night 's work a whole lot more difficult .
tr	9	It 's like I just left , but been three hours . "
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	6	Tommy didn 't have the slightest idea .
tr	5	" Not an option . "
tr	6	The tray was in his hand .
tr	10	" Well it better hope it doesn 't run into us , right ? "
tr	9	Seth moved the receiver away from his ear , holding it to his chest and clearing his throat before answering .
tr	6	He buttoned down his shirt collar , buttoned closed his suit jacket , and then offered her his hand .
tr	11	Gray wasn 't about to just lay on the floor and take a pummeling .
tr	5	" But not for you , when you needed it . "
tr	8	He searched the air again until he located the spot .
tr	8	At their questioning looks she went on , " He is in charge of the Gestapo in this part of Tunisia .
tr	10	They came to another small stream and beyond it there was the edge of the cornfield .
tr	8	Up ahead they saw Jim Meeks waiting for them .
tr	8	Two weeks ' travel , if all went well .
tr	7	She was slightly above middle height , very dark , though not Negroid .
tr	11	It looked as though no one wanted to go in .
tr	9	He pulled out his phone from his pocket and started stabbing at numbers .
tr	6	" He 's an archangel , " Izzie muttered , " not an idiot . "
tr	5	Isaac 's and my plan for the climb was simple .
tr	8	In order to avoid any unnecessary unpleasantness I suggest you answer my questions quickly and truthfully .
tr	9	With every breath she felt like she was making the whole truck tremble .
tr	6	" Oui , it is I , " she answered him rather breathlessly .
tr	9	Alita said as she continued walking .
tr	9	For this , he evolved the ability to develop language .
tr	11	Not wanting to invite more attention ; I opted to remain where I was .
tr	10	It was time to increase speed , and his mind wanted more power and got it .
tr	8	He crawled a bit further up to the bordering trees , finally making it off the slope .
tr	6	After that , monstrous , improbable , the huge shape of the elephant thrust its way into the room .
tr	9	The magnificent room was softly lit by the lamps in the corners .
tr	9	Jonesy stopped gambling after that and went after female companionship for the next couple of days instead .
tr	8	He side-stepped a thrust , even as he parried a slash .
tr	10	She jammed it into the lock , wiggled , and the padlock released with a soft pop .
tr	10	" You have to be careful about everything .
tr	9	Malcolm tilted his head , and his face softened as if suddenly he understood the female brain .
tr	6	" Went out this morning , " Clem Johnson answered .
tr	7	He doesn 't say anything , but his eyes have those daggers in them again .
tr	10	I was eager to learn everything , and at the age of twenty-five he adopted me as his son . "
tr	8	Pulse ox is very low : seventy-seven , " Nurse Edwards announced .
tr	6	He turns his head , and a smile touches his lips .
tr	9	He took two bottles of water from the fridge and threw one to the colonel as he walked up .
tr	9	" These will help you recover faster , " I lied , holding them out .
tr	7	" She means in the desert , " Carlos said .
tr	11	I was surprised to hear a touch of anguish in its mighty roar .
tr	9	It 'd be like steroids times a hundred , except not only for muscles .
tr	5	Because the Eye controls all your six senses , including thought .
tr	9	Can 't he see he 's infuriating them ?
tr	5	But right now , I destroy you , Commander . "
tr	11	Daniel stood laughing where Noah had been resting .
tr	6	" I need this more than you . "
tr	11	She recalled the horror of the Bee attack she had witnessed in the green yard last summer .
tr	10	" The Raven Talisman , it connects me to the life of everything around me .
tr	8	The quest had come to an end , and with it his life .
tr	9	He offered a slight bow , his stomach collapsing in on itself at the movement .
tr	9	" You 're being complimentary about the scenery and the nearest city is miles away .
tr	8	A cell phone was plastered to one ear , and he squinted up at the window where Alejo stood .
tr	6	Not put him on trial .
tr	6	But with his father ... " " I am not surprising .
tr	8	He couldn 't be more than ten years old .
tr	9	Along one wall there was a bench with a draining system along its sides .
tr	9	" You had that habit of frightening me , right ? "
tr	6	The Commander looked up and smiled .
tr	7	Lost in this ... storm for ... hours , no ... idea where I am .
tr	10	We 'll lose him if he gets to the park .
tr	8	I might 've started it , but did he care about me at all ?
tr	6	" Well , anyway , without further ado we will now commence the initiation process .
tr	8	It would have to do .
tr	10	" I don 't know , " he replied not sure what to say , " This place creeps me out .
tr	8	I took a step towards her , cradled the back of her head with one hand and kissed her fiercely .
tr	9	" Remember , you are not inhaling and exhaling , you 're merely a vessel through which air may travel . "
tr	7	" Right what wrong ? "
tr	8	It rang a bell in Claire 's mind , but she hadn 't read the story recently .
tr	6	The winters are cold and windy , the summers hot and loud , the springs perfect .
tr	11	I couldn 't remember the last time we had both laughed so hard together .
tr	9	I ran from kitchen , pushing waiters and chefs to my right and left .
tr	8	He spotted smoke coming from a nearby forest .
tr	9	The sun was now setting on the far west as the clouds changes its hue .
tr	8	" Gentlemen , " he announced to the room in general , " we have achieved orbital superiority . "
tr	9	" I guess it all depends on your personal survival strategy .
tr	10	" How do you know they 're following us ? "
tr	10	He was embarrassed to look at her .
tr	8	Just start to move and don 't stop . "
tr	6	" WELL , MAYBE IT 'S NOT YOUR PIRATE YOU CARE SO MUCH ABOUT .
tr	11	Let me know you 're alright ? "
tr	7	What do you mean by that ? "
tr	5	And even then , there was no proof .
tr	7	Breakfast was the first order of business .
tr	5	Raphael 's boss Derek gave him a reasonable discount .
tr	7	No violence has yet been reported , but the Georgians are very concerned , and tensions are high .
tr	9	Thanks for being honest with me . "
tr	9	The cheering and celebration along the top of the dam and the shore was like a wave as the word passed .
tr	10	Taylor was handed around from table to table and from group to group .
tr	10	As she prowled between the wagons of the caravan , a shout went up .
tr	7	At that moment Captain Fannin crested the ridge , and he gazed off in the distance as well .
tr	9	Eda broke off as Adele 's hand covered her mouth and silenced her .
tr	10	He could understand why she was fighting it .
tr	11	Why do you think the Cheyenne have left them alone ?
tr	10	We traveled around this place , hoping to avoid any contact at all .
tr	9	The Angel looked at the boys and seemed to them to be slightly perplexed .
tr	8	Each man picked up one end of the pole , and they transported the deer back to the village .
tr	8	When they finished their food they searched out their mothers to get their room key .
tr	9	Vultures ... Truly all that is in this world is vanity .
tr	10	He admitted , with a coldness that surprised her .
tr	7	" Do you remember Alfred ? "
tr	9	Roberto looked at him with a glimmer of a smile , but kept his voice low .
tr	10	" In which case , we would need to get the hell out of Dodge ? "
tr	8	For a long time I sat next to him and watched as he slept .
tr	6	So are all your brothers , and the sheep that flock after them .
tr	8	Alice and Gerry 's ' little cottage ' was situated in the beautiful and tranquil New Forest .
tr	10	I 'm waiting to hear about Saturday Superstore . '
tr	7	He glanced over to Lena , then back at the suspicious car .
tr	7	Eyes wide , I stumbled back on the cold stone floor and fell onto my bed .
tr	9	They were proof against any man or weapon , save a battering ram .
tr	11	But what do you think this monster is ? "
tr	11	It didn 't look so high when he started climbing .
tr	11	Mathilde would be pleased to see you , " he invited them .
tr	7	As you can image it was not a literal translation .
tr	9	He was disgusting and made her feel dirtier than several days in the desert without a shower had .
tr	8	" Why not stay where you were ? "
tr	11	I want to know everything I can .
tr	8	" By the way , " Raiden says turning toward Lance .
tr	7	The double doors of the Black Knight 's private conference chamber opened wide with a grand sweep .
tr	6	He was weakened but still deadly .
tr	8	" That doesn 't sound like a great plan , " Sarah said , frowning .
tr	10	I knew he liked watching it .
tr	9	As he turned to go he happened to look down and saw the girl 's daggers .
tr	8	Eventually , we came to the end of the great hall .
tr	5	Around the restaurant , several things had happened .
tr	11	I 've never been anything but a puppet in Olmec 's hands . "
tr	7	" I don 't know , it 's kind of like rabies ! "
tr	5	I want a montage . "
tr	5	In an odd way , yes , but one that was also oddly comforting .
tr	11	The old chap grimaced as his joints complained bitterly climbing up the stairs to the entrance .
tr	7	My claim was never greater than a sister 's , Cade .
tr	11	We are to move off the road about a mile west then we are to turn south parallel to the road .
tr	11	It posed another attack but then halted staring its furious eyes to the man on her side .
tr	9	" I 'm glad you 're here .
tr	9	The pain and coldness that shrouded me faded .
tr	7	If we caused insult , the man would never remember it the next morning .
tr	10	Everyone hold on a second , " Zelda insists as events continue to escalate .
tr	9	Jason curses when he spins in his direction .
tr	7	The Captain worked Cisco almost to death .
tr	8	At that some surprised and hopeful eyes flicked up to hers for a moment .
tr	8	" I knew this 'd happen .
tr	8	The line went dead and Helen breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	9	The tall slender woman seemed to fade in and out of focus right before his eyes .
tr	10	A bill I need to pay ?
tr	10	After reading through some of the comments he got tired of it .
tr	10	She found Danny but he couldn 't summon the courage to help .
tr	8	Perhaps it was a cloud , but if it was a cloud it was an evil one .
tr	11	Ethan had to smile in the face of her happiness .
tr	10	He pointed up a road , and I wandered along for a few minutes before coming to a sentry post .
tr	11	Seeing that we 'd finished eating , our host rose and escorted us away further into the institute .
tr	10	Lilly Ann put a deliciously fragrant bowl of soup on the nightstand and got ready to feed Taylor .
tr	8	A strange yet familiar odor drifted from behind him and penetrated his nostrils .
tr	6	But you stood your ground and you 're still alive ! "
tr	7	' And the whole room sang along with such passion ; and without hymn books . '
tr	11	Jen nodded without looking at any of them .
tr	9	There 's an Xbox and a precarious tower of DVDs next to the TV .
tr	11	" She 's an assassin , like the one that killed your father . "
tr	8	Brogan , who placed so much more store by diplomacy .
tr	5	" Did you see the footprint ? "
tr	9	" So , what are your chances of winning this race ? "
tr	11	Chapter Fifty I was dressed to kill .
tr	10	Returning to the warehouse , Ted began to wander up and down the rows of cars .
tr	8	The cell was painted white , was well lit and fitted with stainless steel benches on either side .
tr	8	He reached into his pocket and pulled out a crumpled wad of paper .
tr	7	Once her own breathing finally slowed she sank down onto the couch a little distance from Damian 's outstretched legs .
tr	9	Chalky was surprised to see him .
tr	7	Ahead of that , a man was sitting with his back to Andy .
tr	7	You may already have been seen .
tr	5	" Of course , my dear , " Elaine smiled a sweet motherly smile .
tr	9	" I 'd love to see them sometime . "
tr	8	I blink and make the effort to turn my head .
tr	7	My blood was boiling in my veins .
tr	8	" You coming back to camp now ? "
tr	5	" That he was a narrow-minded , hidebound , anachronistic , egotistical bastard . "
tr	5	The insistent whisper came again .
tr	10	" And you kill whole cows to slate your hunger ; what 's the difference ? "
tr	8	Daniel looked back and forth at them as he considered his answer .
tr	7	The night was dark , the thunder roared and the rain fell to the blood soaked ground .
tr	10	" I can ride when I 'm drunk , " Gunnar said .
tr	8	It was dusk and the weak Skoda headlights were picking out only the road ahead .
tr	6	The bone was not broken , but the muscle was badly chewed .
tr	9	Upon impact , a glass panel behind Simon shattered outwardly allowing the cold winter wind into the chamber .
tr	10	It 's probably going to be a lot prettier too .
tr	5	" Well , sir , that is one good question .
tr	6	There weren 't many kids , but it wasn 't all bad .
tr	9	" Doing okay with all of this ? "
tr	8	We were in the crappiest motel on the planet .
tr	11	The two thrusters faced downwards and several feet above the shiny surface where white blasts were pushing hard .
tr	8	In spite of all this , I still felt a bit ridiculous leaving our trunks behind .
tr	8	The stiff material suddenly emerged in the shape of a rabbit .
tr	7	They were both very pretty , with long hair and huge , brown eyes .
tr	8	" I thought you were sleeping . "
tr	9	Once I met one at a party , when I was in Milan .
tr	10	She looks around at the destruction and asks , " You did all of this ?
tr	7	" Time to get dressed , " she said .
tr	7	We lay in our separate beds staring at different things .
tr	7	Ever bigger circles of the Black Knight 's guests watched us from all sides and every angle .
tr	7	He moved over and said , " Go ahead . "
tr	7	Though he was not so brilliant , Thomas was a strong lad and very trustworthy . "
tr	5	" There they are , " discovered the old cowboy .
tr	5	The guitar was perfectly tuned .
tr	8	I just wan na ask a few questions . "
tr	5	" Anakin , this isn 't ... " " DO NOT SPEAK THAT NAME ! "
tr	8	The boy looked mesmerized , helplessly dangling above the ground .
tr	7	She took Taylor 's hand and dragged him into the kitchen .
tr	10	A man was preparing to perform our feat and jump from the window .
tr	10	If their relationship is to be successful , this level of trust must be eclipsed in the days to come .
tr	7	I won first place and advanced to the finals .
tr	7	What would you desire on your plate this morning ? "
tr	6	He breathed it in deeply .
tr	11	It was too dangerous to be sitting here waiting .
tr	7	You could buy anything here ... . .
tr	6	" You just get back from the war ? "
tr	6	One of the GK staff came over with a small steel coffee pot .
tr	11	Harrison beckoned Jeff to follow him and lead him into the crew 's quarters .
tr	6	" Nevada to Sierra Bravo I do you copy over ? "
tr	7	They made themselves comfortable and Edie May began her tale .
tr	6	Malcolm pointed and peered across the bridge .
tr	7	But they 're still being hunted , so it 's still touch and go .
tr	6	" No , " said Alec , and there was a dangerous note in his voice .
tr	9	The ropes around her had cut into her flesh and he had to cut them away .
tr	11	What was the message he should get from it ?
tr	11	This is the first emotion he 's allowed across his face .
tr	10	For a while she rested , but something was nagging at the back of her mind .
tr	8	They no longer could see the face of the devil .
tr	8	As he strolled toward the exit , he pulled a small slip of paper from his pocket and unfolded it .
tr	6	Tabor and Sandal were nowhere in sight .
tr	9	The shock was wearing off already and it was starting to hurt .
tr	9	Riordan shut the door behind me and I heard the key turn as he padlocked it .
tr	9	Cameras were the least of Callum 's problems now as he looked around the departure area .
tr	7	Unluckily , their mother caught it in the mirror , and she silently smacked her daughter over the head .
tr	9	He spoke again , and although it was still rasping , there was no mistaking the purposeful manner .
tr	9	She was a giant , with an enormous sweep of breast and the shoulders of a bull .
tr	9	" Have you ever seen one of these before ? "
tr	9	" Wait I thought there were four girls ... " Tori started .
tr	6	The mixture of white wine , burger , fries and banana milkshake had Theo 's taste buds all over the place .
tr	7	The skin on his back and shoulders grew warm and he tensed .
tr	6	" Savvy , I 'm not ignoring you .
tr	10	In that story , a modern man is troubled by recurring dreams , gaining in intensity .
tr	6	" It is just an illusion , I mean , this Lee fellow is just not English , is he ? "
tr	9	" This doesn 't mean she was here .
tr	10	" It looks like this morning he sent you out to get eaten .
tr	7	" When Sal comes back , " she went on , " we 'll wait until dark .
tr	7	He waved his arms in energetic exasperation , but she rolled her eyes .
tr	11	The captain does not like to be kept waiting . '
tr	5	" Say please , Miriam , " Mana said .
tr	7	William cleared his throat and rearranged himself on the sofa .
tr	7	The roof of the borehole was lost in darkness .
tr	7	" Safe and on a ship back to Earth , " she said with a tired smile at Mike .
tr	11	So the point of having two is ... ? "
tr	6	I just told you , I never wear trousers to school . "
tr	9	He narrowed his eyes and reached for the handcuffs on his belt -- or was it his gun ?
tr	10	We need album two in order to justify carrying on .
tr	7	" If that is what you prefer .
tr	8	The Screaming Skull was bearing down upon him , his face purple with rage .
tr	8	He jerked away , breaking from our light kisses .
tr	10	" Come with me , and I 'll show you to a room where you can sleep . "
tr	6	The rest of the group scattered in a different direction .
tr	5	The seventh kingdom , the Sky Kingdom , connected all the others .
tr	6	He pulled the trigger , shifted , pulled , shifted , pulled .
tr	10	" The chaos thou hath unleashed drives my machine , " she added and the room reverberating with her laughter .
tr	7	That doesn 't leave you with a large enough number . '
tr	8	My hands were still bound but at least they had cut the rope around my feet .
tr	7	It looks like a huge cave , or a passage . "
tr	11	Today is the day there is no turning back .
tr	8	Eden had dedicated his life to the military , studying it relentlessly .
tr	8	This time he was closer to her and she could see tenderness and understanding in his face .
tr	6	Ted still had his doubts , but he collected these ' valuables ' anyway .
tr	10	Wolf Eyes sat down and leaned back against the tree trunk to rest for the night .
tr	7	Then it dawned on Roberto who the seventh person was .
tr	7	Unless we acted quickly , his brother would follow .
tr	9	It actually seemed like a valid excuse , and it was one that her parents would believe .
tr	10	I could feel the veins in my neck pulsating with savage fear .
tr	9	" The Humans we use today are willing participants in the blood giving process . "
tr	11	Most of them were tricks and illusions , but some were genuine tactics similar to that of fencing .
tr	6	Finan shrugged his broad shoulders in resignation .
tr	8	As all good stories go , this one must be told from the beginning . "
tr	9	This is vital information that your empress kept from you .
tr	6	Lilly Ann looked him up and down and curled her lips .
tr	7	Rafe grinned and relaxed back into his chair .
tr	8	" I 'll be putting you in danger ! "
tr	7	Then , coldness gripped me as my memory returned .
tr	7	" How can I cut my head open in a dream ? "
tr	8	The disguised Princess asks , tapping an old man on the shoulder .
tr	8	This task , and the rewards given to them after , was called their Inheritance .
tr	11	My mother refused but he tried to overpower her .
tr	7	I walked up to him despite the fear and pulled out my computer to type .
tr	11	Will you be more obliging if I let her live ? "
tr	5	" Back off , " Malcolm threatened .
tr	9	" And he 's going to believe it ? "
tr	9	He had seen it many times in his jabbing brief flights around the patio .
tr	6	Table , chairs , television , a draw and shelved cabinet standing against a wall , displaying various icons .
tr	11	" I thought you said he would stay . "
tr	9	And finally , " Butch drew in a breath , " we have no system to train these new militia .
tr	10	" I 'm asking your mother to join us . "
tr	9	Tim raised his hand again and Reggie nodded , " What about those borders ?
tr	7	What was wrong with her ?
tr	6	" Should I be worried ? "
tr	11	Beneath his helmet he grinned , wondering if any of the others would catch him .
tr	5	" Yes , of course , I fell asleep .
tr	7	They looked like thugs and so far , they hadn 't seen her .
tr	7	David turned and waved to the two men in the wagon .
tr	11	Or maybe they 're just moving to be closer to family .
tr	6	" It is hard here , " Sarah said .
tr	7	Clinging onto the handle bars she peddled furiously , muscles burning in reminder of the months since her last spinning class .
tr	8	she retorted , coming forward into the ring .
tr	6	" That 's just it , " Joseph said , sighing .
tr	7	" Toby is calling me back , " said 007 .
tr	7	" You got it boss , " the foreman said and made a beeline for the nearest logging truck .
tr	9	Whisper , now bored , decided to simply walk up to him .
tr	9	While she was absolutely beautiful and demanded utter respect , I did not feel the least bit attracted as a lover .
tr	8	" You need to be more careful .
tr	8	An emergency door finally materialised at the end of the next passage .
tr	5	" You saw not her face . "
tr	6	As predicted the Land Rover took the road conditions in its stride .
tr	10	" It is safe to look now , " he teased her after he had put on the robe .
tr	8	We must be right of the wall .
tr	9	Sandy loam crunched softly beneath our boots as we made our way towards the alley .
tr	7	This wasn 't a prelude to anything ... they were just talking .
tr	9	Gabe is a gurgling infant , the happy kind that never cries .
tr	7	" Wait , " he thinks aloud , shaking his head .
tr	6	' It 's all very well , ' said this voluble critic , ' a presence of that sort !
tr	7	" Johnny , don 't ... " " What direction are we traveling ? "
tr	10	Be careful when working out for awhile .
tr	5	" Was no luck father , you forged this empire . "
tr	7	It hurt me deep inside but now was not the time .
tr	9	What it was , was an old ( almost antique , really ) cell phone .
tr	9	I need to paint her heart a darker hue .
tr	7	" You took me by surprise , " said William , his heart pounding .
tr	8	I cannot claim my lands unless things change .
tr	5	" Can 't we just wake her up though ?
tr	7	This is me coming alive .
tr	8	" There are two things wrong with your statement , boy , " Harald said .
tr	7	" We 'll call the sheriff first thing in the morning .
tr	9	And at that moment everyone turned to look at Michael and Ben .
tr	9	Though their rivalry was just between Chase and nothing else , apart from that they were friends .
tr	9	She had to get to the buttons to strip the wet clothes from his body .
tr	11	He wouldn 't leave the dragon behind to die sick and alone within the Vault .
tr	11	And I do want to know more .
tr	8	' What was in the safety deposit box in Zurich ? '
tr	7	A silence settled between them , the only sound in the room was the heavy tick of a grandfather clock .
tr	10	I didn 't had much to say about this , now that cards are shown .
tr	6	~ Late Friday night , Sarah stopped by the inn .
tr	6	The protected harbor and it was a one-day shorter travel time from the European countries .
tr	10	He was forgetful and frequently lacked the common sense even toddlers exhibited in family situations .
tr	9	Andy listened for a few seconds and heard heavy rain and thunder followed by a sudden jolt and a drop .
tr	7	Suddenly , in one swift move , Cruz pulled out a pocket knife and speared the snake , severing the head .
tr	7	I just want to talk .
tr	8	Directly in front of him , towering above the dark pines , was an impossibly tall , snowy peak .
tr	11	They had relied upon the land lines and cell phone towers , which all required electricity .
tr	7	Lena , scared and crying , lay beside her brother , unable to move .
tr	6	The perfect hiding spot for terrorists , apparently .
tr	9	" BELIEVE in flying ? . . "
tr	5	" So you , my daughter and this Ray won the contest ? "
tr	8	" ... Section 2.12 of the National Seashore Antiquity Act , absconding with a national treasure ... " Blah blah blah .
tr	8	Scott called to the man in the middle of the logs . "
tr	10	But , they 've also left the back door open and they know it . "
tr	10	Adam knew Rachel was referring to Rick .
tr	7	By the time he looked over at Lady Elaina again she was unconscious .
tr	6	In the rear-view mirror , the lights and fog at the churchyard looked like a grand Halloween party .
tr	11	She was certainly well enough to ride all day toward Split Creek .
tr	7	Mason and his two heavies walked behind Graham and a Constable with the cell keys .
tr	7	She was wearing a loose , flowered dress and sandals on her feet .
tr	8	She looked away before going on .
tr	8	Your secret would have been safe with me . "
tr	8	They know you 're here .
tr	11	Scott clipped the radio to his belt then looked down at the upturned face to see a smile .
tr	9	Finan had lunged at his brother 's attacker , and together they had rolled from sight .
tr	9	Taylor did not like where this was headed .
tr	8	Make him do it . "
tr	6	Grab that arrow and yank it out ! "
tr	7	The enemy might be defeated , but they were definitely still dangerous .
tr	7	She was driving me crazy .
tr	5	" There 's the deposit receipt there .
tr	6	' Bread , ' he answered , ' and some meat , I think . '
tr	9	As his opponent hit the ground , Steve suddenly felt a set of heels drive into his hips .
tr	8	And that was the second important leak of information that day .
tr	8	" Can 't talk , " he said , blowing past her toward the Cove .
tr	8	" Give us the horses and we 'll let you be , " the man behind him said .
tr	7	Now go to sleep . "
tr	7	The counter and the pastries behind the glass case became a blur .
tr	11	That 's assuming it doesn 't just blow up before then . "
tr	7	A clattering of hooves echoed through the otherwise silent morning .
tr	9	Mac was surprised that he could communicate .
tr	11	They were so excited they had set a quicker pace than expected .
tr	10	She knew she was telegraphing her anxiety and frustration to him .
tr	10	He looked around , panting lightly from the exertion of his long walk .
tr	7	' I 'm getting a cottage , ' said Preston , ' a nice one , out in the countryside . '
tr	7	We 've just taken on some new employees . '
tr	11	A cocktail of emotions befuddled Amy 's mind as she tried to ascertain the situation .
tr	9	The infected also seem to identify their fellow zombies by smell .
tr	8	' You 'll need to be .
tr	10	But the Prince 's only outward response was to look calmly into his sister 's face .
tr	7	Not sure I 've seen you in a skirt before . "
tr	6	The little girl bites her lip , looks back at a ruined house just off the path .
tr	11	' That 's a sight you don 't see every day , ' said Reid .
tr	11	Only then did he realise how stressed he 'd become .
tr	9	" I will dress your wounds when you fancy the notion . "
tr	6	" No , no , no , no date , " Tori said .
tr	7	" It 's a maze , " he points out , shaking his head .
tr	5	" Hmm , " Scott pondered and straightened .
tr	5	' Ze third gig is ze first gig . '
tr	5	Its perfect draconic form faded , and its body shrank .
tr	10	They decided to make their way back to the low foothills and make camp there .
tr	7	I 'd nearly forgotten about you .
tr	9	Major just sift out the info that 's relevant just now .
tr	7	" Ready to go . "
tr	9	It 's so rare anyone sees us but each other .
tr	7	Claire soaked the heat into her bones and let the noise wash over her .
tr	8	The room was quiet after she had left .
tr	10	Make sure she 's doing okay ?
tr	10	" That is quite an unusual uniform you have on .
tr	9	You 're like the bird boy of Alcatraz , " Melody replied .
tr	10	She wondered if her brother would ever come back for war .
tr	10	" That 's just a thank you for a wonderful afternoon .
tr	5	Much like the living room , the kitchen was spotless and clean .
tr	7	The smoothness of the stone was refreshing , the jagged brick of the maze still fresh in my mind .
tr	9	Gabe shifts to his back , stares at the ceiling again .
tr	10	Over time we were able to become friends first and she learnt to trust me . "
tr	10	Unless there 's nothing to freefall to .
tr	8	And the beautiful this is ; every triggered node will bounce the info into other nodes public or private . "
tr	9	It was hard to leave him there .
tr	7	The well-dressed man did most of the talking .
tr	10	" She told you that you 'd come over every evening and help her feed the pups .
tr	6	The world materializes , my eyes adjust , and with a final blink , the world fully forms .
tr	11	He was politely told that the President was unavailable and please don 't call back .
tr	8	You were trying to drug me !
tr	11	He told the driver to slow to a stop and the trucks behind him did the same .
tr	11	Not that I 'd ever be allowed to join !
tr	11	Pisces was ready to go to sea , it was down to waiting for our scientific party to arrive .
tr	6	" Of course I do , " Minna says and presses her palm against her heaving chest .
tr	6	He is not such a spiritual bird giant , but a humble bird worker !
tr	10	" We have to do what the captain says ! "
tr	5	Behind Ranma , a large , muscular old man formed .
tr	9	Overly tired Raphael thought he must be dreaming .
tr	6	The lobby was cloudy with dust from the explosion .
tr	6	There was a wrapped packet as well , and Neil opened it eagerly .
tr	11	Was it me or did Atticus seem a little more down then usual ?
tr	5	" The same way I left this world the first time . "
tr	7	A few blokes with cracked heads or bones staggered away for good , but they were replaced and the battle continued .
tr	10	I don 't want to be consider crazy . "
tr	9	Each round took over four minutes to reach the target but struck with incredible force .
tr	8	Their faces were well camouflaged and their clothes were always dark ; so they easily melted into the night light .
tr	7	" We can 't just leave him out in the desert . "
tr	6	In some ways , the profound effects of our choices are both frightening and wonderful .
tr	11	He had hoped she would have forgotten that .
tr	8	All were between the ages of four and six .
tr	10	When Jones finally eased close enough for conversation , she reviewed what had happened for him .
tr	10	Alfred paused , looking into Toby 's face on the display .
tr	11	You don 't need to hear some dandy drabble on about his own woes .
tr	8	I brushed off the hurt and confusion and helped him pick up the chocolate wrappers .
tr	9	The screen said four , as it had for years .
tr	11	' They 're trying to kill you and Lucas , ' he said gruffly , glancing at his granddaughter .
tr	11	My responsibilities are too immense to keep track of any documents !
tr	9	Also , he couldn 't remember the slope up to the house being so steep .
tr	11	He sometimes had to crawl or climb over and under limbs in the way of the trail .
tr	8	" Well , the temples here are ah ... less than ideal in their facilities .
tr	9	But he would do what he could anyway .
tr	7	Let us be off . "
tr	9	Each brought with it horrendous devastation and disrupted most if not all life on Earth .
tr	10	' Incredible , ' Amy said clapping once he 'd finished .
tr	10	There seemed to be no order to the activities .
tr	6	" We 're , uh , we 're sorry we trapped you down there .
tr	8	" No problema Morten , your secret is safe with Franco " replied Franco with a big grin .
tr	6	The blue gaze slid to the truck and back .
tr	8	" I am a lover of music , " Harald said .
tr	9	The sound of tourists jostling with cyclists came from below my bedroom window .
tr	8	The man held her down tight against the railing .
tr	10	It wasn 't supposed to happen like that . "
tr	8	Leaning low , to face him squarely , the blazes disappeared , replaced by a sympathetic gaze .
tr	11	She was obviously looking for something although what it could be , after so many years , Wendy had no idea .
tr	7	We got out , following our mysterious messenger again .
tr	8	It came down on his bicep , pinning his arm to the floor .
tr	10	" I was ordering my captain to seek better cover .
tr	11	He asks , his worried expression failing to translate through his new appearance .
tr	5	" I just need some time ? "
tr	7	The contents of the extra cases , courtesy of Hector Pan , were spread all over the room .
tr	9	And this is how things were at that moment .
tr	5	" Listen , mate -- " Sal swung a right hook .
tr	8	They have gravity on their ships , he thought in amazement .
tr	10	He 'd had a lifetime to perfect that mask .
tr	7	They strained forward searching the terrain closely .
tr	9	The recommendation is for a series of carriers each with a collection of escorts .
tr	9	, Chris 's leg bent in a direction it was never meant to and he went over sideways .
tr	10	I knew it meant he succeeded .
tr	5	In this conjecture he was quite correct .
tr	7	Every bit of this power was possible thanks to the curse energizing his evil hand .
tr	8	And then , once he was there ... once he was there things would be worked out .
tr	8	I ducked down , collapsing my frame and continued my run .
tr	9	Do you remember him when we first arrived ? "
tr	11	" You 've got ta do a little better than that . "
tr	7	How is that for rational ? "
tr	8	With a groan of irritation , Navi sees where this is going .
tr	6	So , he thought , this wonderful thing belongs to the Elder .
tr	10	I 'd never get a chance to explain everything .
tr	11	And tells them to you too , whether you want to hear it or not .
tr	5	And , of course , there were puppet shows and storytellers .
tr	10	He saw the tension ease out of Ed 's shoulders a little bit .
tr	10	Who 's gon na protect Stephanie ? "
tr	8	I shook myself , returning to the moment .
tr	8	We don 't have time for this . "
tr	6	" I 'll be right back . "
tr	5	Then the hideous creature stooped and lifted up another husky .
tr	8	" This is why you 've come ? "
tr	6	Now they were naked and gray against the deep snow .
tr	7	With a backward look at her lover , the woman started forward .
tr	8	The second cave was much deeper and located in a different rock formation . '
tr	6	- So , dear Mia , or should I rather say Emilia Anna .
tr	8	It fuelled the feeling in this green scene with its energy , lifting the ground and him with it .
tr	8	I need to stay calm .
tr	5	" Now , home schooling , " he said .
tr	8	She received a slap from the Falcon and the pitcher fell from her hand and broke on the floor .
tr	8	" There is no God but God , and Muhammad is the messenger of God . "
tr	6	He wasn 't perfect , but he cared .
tr	7	There may have been a security breach . "
tr	10	Maybe , he decided to go back and check on the Adventurous .
tr	5	The dark Ferro hair and bright blue eyes , the lopsided grin , and perfectly smooth skin .
tr	6	The small shuttered door closed and left me alone with my thoughts .
tr	10	She had to have heard me talking .
tr	8	" Yeah , don 't you remember how valuable we are ? "
tr	6	Yeah , they 'll believe that . "
tr	11	They all had their eyes on the flame engulfing the city in front of them .
tr	7	At the top of the stairs , Ted unlocked the deadbolts and swung the heavy steel basement door open .
tr	6	The sound came out muffled , but Lewis 's meaning was clear .
tr	8	I raised my makeup compact slowly around the corner of the hall .
tr	9	Immediately losing his balance he topples off of the branch , spotting the approaching Link as he falls .
tr	10	' Don 't worry guys you did really well .
tr	7	Bright , fierce lightning struck the force field many times , but only made an electrical show with no effect .
tr	7	It tasted strongly of peppermint , with a disgusting , bitter aftertaste .
tr	7	The man staggered forward a step and blinked in the light .
tr	9	There had been silence for so long and , as Rafe turned from her , Adele could bear it no longer .
tr	6	There are no pubs , no coffee houses , no gambling dens , no restaurants , no theatres .
tr	10	I 'm sure some of it will come back .
tr	9	You really think you can do this ?
tr	9	Alfonso met a young woman in India that he brought with him .
tr	9	Please , " she pauses as an oddly dressed individual marches into the room .
tr	6	" We have clear communication with all front line operations , here , here and here .
tr	10	I 've got to keep in practice .
tr	7	The black sedan swung around it and stayed on our tail .
tr	7	" Sorry Simon , not until I was here for a little while . "
tr	7	We may be doomed now . "
tr	7	Something grabbed her from behind , and a large hand covered her mouth .
tr	10	" ... you know , got ta ' have fun with your job , " Gabe is saying behind me .
tr	8	" Was she just teasing us or is she for real ? "
tr	10	Maggie stayed in the aircraft ; Ryan didn 't want her recognized by any Air Force personnel .
tr	10	He had never heard them laugh or make jokes at each other 's expense .
tr	6	A bed of churning air bore the farmer 's body across the strewn rubble .
tr	8	" Take care of yourself , Mike , " she said , then turned and left .
tr	7	" Has he been talking ? "
tr	8	It was a dangerous plan , this , but you did not let a falcon hunt at its own accord .
tr	11	I could tell she was focused on me .
tr	9	" How did the Devil know to bring his fiddle ? "
tr	11	" I thought that was the worst day of my life , but it wasn 't . "
tr	8	Once inside the door the boys began to breathe more easily .
tr	6	all closed for the night .
tr	8	Shifting her sense of guilt to Calvin she asked , ' Are you job searching today ? '
tr	10	By the time Victor told me they were on their trail again , it was too late .
tr	8	The current traveler would step away from the tube and a few minutes later another would arrive .
tr	7	Neil stumbled on a sharp shell , cursed , and joined Simon by the sheer stone .
tr	6	At the last instant Gan flung himself to the ground to his right , rolling .
tr	7	He turned towards it as the creature burst forth and swung a few pincers at him .
tr	7	Eventually , and to my delight , we came to a halt .
tr	5	Even in his deteriorated state , his snake eyes shine bright and cold .
tr	5	Sin with kin , deadly south wind , mistletoe dart , deafening din .
tr	6	Suddenly , a sword from behind stabbed Nate right through the chest .
tr	5	" Until the Birthright Ceremony , the child isn 't legally his .
tr	8	This proved to be equally unproductive .
tr	10	I 'm sure I can navigate city streets safely .
tr	7	He rubbed his wrists and then reached out to me .
tr	11	I could call him and see what he can tell us . "
tr	9	As I stand there huffing and puffing my eyes land on a small structure thirty yards away .
tr	9	He learns fast and with Franco guiding him I know he can only succeed .
tr	11	That was the impression Julian could perceive from him .
tr	8	Logan winced but didn 't cry out in pain .
tr	7	The planning stage was easy enough and the construction workers made quick time with the alterations to the structures .
tr	11	He roared so loudly it felt his throat would split .
tr	7	Cricket eventually caught his breath , and began the quiet chant , " Misses , Misses , Missy Rose . "
tr	10	Maggie looked up from her book and focussed on Claire as she spoke into the silent room .
tr	7	The camp was long out of sight and the horses were tiring quickly .
tr	9	It took awhile for the significance of the proposal to sink into his brain .
tr	11	To be safe I took twenty dragoon guards and we traveled by rail .
tr	6	They came to a fork in the tunnels .
tr	7	Where did you disappear to yesterday ?
tr	10	The hours spent playing in my ' quarter of a Hunter ' , practicing emergency procedures paid off .
tr	7	He tugs his hair away from the rabbit and sets the creature down on his bed .
tr	9	As soon as you 're all here you 'll move into Terry 's cottage and use that as a Command Center .
tr	6	The fire , and power , of the Maker poured like blood from the wound .
tr	9	Anderson tried to feel his way through this carefully .
tr	8	Lilly Ann jumped up from her chair not able to sit still any longer .
tr	10	" I will bond myself to a warrior and sing of his deeds ... " " And to which warrior ? "
tr	9	Logan sighed and began reaching into his waistcoat .
tr	11	" I think I 'll change my name , " Riki complained , but she subsided .
tr	9	When he had finished reading , he realized the answer to all his problems lay literally within his hand .
tr	8	His whole body seemed to lighten and the wrinkles smoothed out .
tr	8	The words around it were written in thick , bold hand as if in warning .
tr	9	Brendan gave David the directions back to his cottage , but the cottage was not where David was going .
tr	9	Sweat dripped down his forehead onto his tightly gripped sniper rifle perched over the edge .
tr	9	He swatted the agent aside as though he were hitting a mosquito .
tr	10	' Do you think we won ? '
tr	5	The next day the dining hall was full again .
tr	7	She hopped inside the house , saying , " Pigs !
tr	10	" Do you know for a fact that the pasture is fenced ? "
tr	9	Anyway , the so called European is actually Russian born .
tr	7	Taking the general 's proffered hand , Bowie responded pleasantly , " Thank you , sir . "
tr	7	That is why I attacked . "
tr	5	he cried , his voice far too loud .
tr	9	Later , they strolled together out to the area set aside for the festivities .
tr	9	A bad feeling creeping up his spine , Link rolls left just as a guttural shout of exertion sounds .
tr	10	When she finally handed them their popcorn they took them without a word and walked back to where they had been .
tr	8	Jimmy , on the other side of Josie , glared at Logan .
tr	9	It was the whole premise that shocked her .
tr	10	The sight cost him that split second ... . .
tr	8	He was shooting almost straight down , so he was sure of his accuracy .
tr	10	When I had the latte in my hand and took the first sip , my mind cleared a bit .
tr	11	" I take it you are ready to leave ? "
tr	6	Where would it put them ?
tr	7	Half of them don 't even have quivers , the arrows are tied to their hips with torn fabric .
tr	6	They sounded particularly sweet this morning , he decided .
tr	8	But if there were four then six , they should never be discounted .
tr	10	I 'm so sorry I hit you , Kobi . "
tr	6	His prints , though , were still there , and Johnnie recognized them .
tr	10	I was able to hide from you .
tr	11	It 's obvious it 's not natural , but what in particular is weird about it ? "
tr	9	They could have lost our house , and be living on the streets .
tr	10	He had to believe she would .
tr	11	He couldn 't blame her , really , but he personally wished she were wrong about that .
tr	10	" Sir , I trust you 'll be able to find your own way home ? "
tr	8	Charlie took a long look at the wad of cash in Archie 's hand .
tr	11	Solstice had been getting worse as they had travelled .
tr	7	Business casual for dinner at some country club , and the next morning they would hit the links .
tr	11	Sofia patted her shoulders while Raven continued to annoy her .
tr	7	And why the needing of a man was so desperate . "
tr	7	" Well , Jason , you certainly had me earning my pay grade today . "
tr	5	" Hi Carol , George is away just now .
tr	9	As for the rest of Grasmere , it 's all got a bit posh to be honest .
tr	8	" Wait , Ben , " said Jacob , " we need to extract more details . "
tr	9	We climbed aboard the carriage , Jacob taking the reins at the driver 's chair .
tr	10	I hadn 't realized before that there were any other people left . "
tr	11	" So that chap is going to clean up the 1500 in Berlin ? "
tr	10	He wanted to see the Texas , too , as you know . "
tr	11	Miriam said , twisting to look at Mrs. Siddons .
tr	9	She allows all of us to speak our minds and gives us time and space to compromise .
tr	9	The gatherers wandered away to collapse into their bunks .
tr	6	Abruptly the voices and music stopped , a deafening quiet in a crowded room sent shivers down her spine .
tr	10	I have to escape ... all of this . "
tr	9	" I have known you to make such a statement yourself , my lord . "
tr	5	I took the other stage door exit , my heart thundering loudly .
tr	8	Sofia found herself shook her head .
tr	9	I stepped back into the main living area when I felt something snap under my foot .
tr	9	They drove to a park on the Thames , where they spoke for about a half-hour .
tr	10	' Right , we 've got eggs for breakfast , and look what I caught us for lunch . '
tr	8	She turned on her recording device and started capturing the dialogue .
tr	6	... No , that 's it .
tr	10	Tourists walking by shot them dirty looks .
tr	10	It didn 't matter if the deed was accidental , legal , or anything else .
tr	7	But it 's all still hazy , " Mark said , eyeing the food suspiciously .
tr	8	Sitting there , VIN decided to ask a question .
tr	7	He needs the nostalgic sense of security now more than ever .
tr	10	I started to cry in earnest now , great , chest heaving sobs .
tr	7	He crossed to the stone and put a hand on it .
tr	5	In the lobby , the gunfire sounded distant and faint .
tr	6	Alvin , Stein , James , Sarah , Paul and Michel were among the group .
tr	8	" We believe you , " said Reggie putting his hand on Nathan 's arm .
tr	8	Through all of this Jacob waited , a vein marking the pulse in his neck .
tr	7	It raised one arm to its mouth , and a long puff of smoke followed .
tr	8	" It 's too close to the trees and the water level is rising too fast ! "
tr	11	He was able to see through the opening and peeked out .
tr	7	" This is where you work ? "
tr	10	" Will you tell me what you did to my guardians ?
tr	11	They killed him in a tortuous execution reserved for the basest of characters .
tr	7	The Mystics boarded a small monorail car and sped on their way to the west southwest wing .
tr	9	He said , " We don 't speak of such things .
tr	11	The words broke from his mouth with little connection to that which had gone before .
tr	11	" Those the stills you wanted to show me ? "
tr	11	Any second now he was going to haul them off for questioning !
tr	7	Russia 's President , three military leaders , and several top scientists are gathered for an emergency meeting .
tr	11	They had to stay as low as possible , out of the sight of the guards .
tr	6	Currently she wrestles words and laundry in New Jersey .
tr	10	It was an honor to die in her service .
tr	8	Eva glided towards him , her black tresses flowing with the movement .
tr	6	You have finished the final selection preview .
tr	11	I straightened my back after I 'd finished with my prisoners and looked around .
tr	8	Just mumble like it 's Arabic .
tr	6	" Annabelle , beautiful , tempting , Annabelle , " Julian answered amusement apparent in his voice .
tr	11	Clearly on her last leg , she speaks slowly and meticulously to be certain her words are understood .
tr	11	" That 's why I lied earlier about not feeling well . "
tr	8	Still , he had the same information concerning Rand , but was it really worth anything ?
tr	9	At that moment , Neil could see the resemblance between her and Riki .
tr	7	The girls jumped up and down , screaming and hugging each other .
tr	11	" Are you just going to stand there or are you going to help me ? "
tr	9	That had become proof , an article of faith .
tr	7	He forced me to disappear . "
tr	8	" That was a flagrant violation of the protestors ' civil rights . "
tr	6	She missed her children ... ... .
tr	5	Two minutes before 5pm a shimmering white cruiser appeared .
tr	8	" However , he and my daughter must go back to bed , now . "
tr	8	" No prisoners , " the First Sergeant said as he pulled the trigger .
tr	9	To be truthful , I was not particularly comfortable with confined underground spaces either .
tr	7	He turned off the tablet and they headed for the door .
tr	11	Then he actually stepped forward to clasp Alejo 's shoulder , tears in his eyes .
tr	11	" We think there might be a space on the next flight .
tr	11	They paused , careful not to look at the destruction around them .
tr	9	He knew he had screwed up .
tr	11	Time felt as though it scraped by , leaving claw marks on his skin .
tr	10	He knelt by her side and said quietly , " You are dying and it is wasted .
tr	7	However , ten minutes into the drive , both passengers had completely passed out .
tr	10	" I cut it enough to kill five men !
tr	8	" Those pompous jerks should have asked me for help .
tr	10	He could reach the window and opened it further than it had been .
tr	10	King Martin rose , gathering what dignity he could find .
tr	10	" Terribly embarrassing , but I did end up selling the guy 160 licenses of our data management software upgrade .
tr	10	" Well what are you waiting for ? "
tr	9	" We 'll sit tight for here now , " David told them , " and take care of our wounded .
tr	9	He was wearing a simple garb of white doublet and a waistcoat of the same color .
tr	7	On some of the longer trips they stayed in beautiful hotels and villas .
tr	7	These are all for me !
tr	10	Scouring his mind for a weakness , he realizes Ganondorf has only been using his left hand .
tr	9	" You oughta be more careful with that stuff , you know . "
tr	8	" We need to secure the network . "
tr	11	There was several supply cylinders of what looked like liquid gas .
tr	9	Do you have children ? "
tr	10	" You only feel it the once with that first battle , after that you are cured . "
tr	6	Aimee put a hand to his face .
tr	7	Suddenly , my foot found something ... a nob , a tiny nob .
tr	7	He stands up , stretches his arms up over his head .
tr	8	The troops paused as they reached the stairs .
tr	6	Long , long ago they were a united and powerful force .
tr	10	but you asked me to find a copy of the newspaper ... . .
tr	9	Tell them you 're through with them !
tr	6	Maze pattern tattoos , stripes , and squares on his arms , chest and abdomen .
tr	7	" A bit of an upgrade for you , young man , from a Cherokee to an R8 !
tr	11	I knew I had to leave , Milton .
tr	9	That was the family of the kings of Spain .
tr	8	She began to regain consciousness .
tr	5	" After the accident , the anger and the grief were a constant gnawing pain .
tr	10	Was this in the program of spirituality as you understood it ?
tr	11	She said while trying to control her tears .
tr	6	Slowly , slowly , her struggles diminished and her limbs stilled .
tr	9	Bells rang from the High Temple of Vana -- death bells , mourning bells .
tr	5	" I am , " she said .
tr	11	The door slowly opened and it came out , waiting for her to follow .
tr	8	' What about road blocks , aerial surveillance , c. . . ' ?
tr	6	Your hand positions were wobbly and wayward and your strikes , parries and thrusts lacked any finesse or control .
tr	5	" Yeah , " Lo coughs and blinks .
tr	9	" General , how was she taken ? "
tr	9	He placed his revolver against the lock , looked at us to gauge our readiness , and fired .
tr	8	Folks willing to work hard .
tr	8	" We will do our utmost , as always , Sire . "
tr	8	He cared but he was still mad .
tr	9	" If it is , I suggest you get in your aircraft and wait for takeoff .
tr	10	There was panic in my voice , and I didn 't attempt to hide it .
tr	8	Steve was now only 5 metres from the outer rim at the bottom of the wheel .
tr	10	" So you think the Old One 's come here for a bath ? "
tr	5	" Why should I not be ? "
tr	10	" That girl that you continue to antagonize is the closest thing to me in this world . "
tr	8	Chapter 14 : The Recovery Noah reached the top of the fence .
tr	6	A bloody mess of broken bones and leaking fluids slide to the floor with a sickening wet thud .
tr	7	" Mom 's maiden name is Beeson and she went to this school . "
tr	8	The time stone begged him to pick it up .
tr	8	He had to summon the others .
tr	10	Rafe 's grip on her hand tightened , seeking to give her reassurance .
tr	7	She shook her head and muttered , " And then you send them to Hell . "
tr	8	Although she owned a few dresses , she generally opted to wear loose hemp pants and t-shirts instead .
tr	7	Those days were hard on my lady .
tr	9	That afternoon , after school Tori and Daniel came back in Anubis House laughing about something .
tr	10	He watched a man in plain clothes walk across the street and enter the building .
tr	11	The man at the desk next to Archie scurried away to do as he was told .
tr	8	Ted continued to walk slowly forward .
tr	7	The reactor core located in his chest is now completely exposed from his open torso .
tr	9	The sun was now setting at the peak of the Blue Mountains .
tr	11	I would have to earn my keep somehow .
tr	9	From humor to horror , I 've got the H 's covered .
tr	6	" Sorry , I did not hear you . "
tr	9	" What say we go and toast ourselves by the fire ? "
tr	8	He lifted his arm pointing the pistol at Susan .
tr	6	She spoke in choppy English .
tr	9	They all took off like they had one mind and landed the same way .
tr	8	I tested my latte before taking a sip .
tr	7	I 'm pissed at him right now .
tr	11	Mostly she wanted to run out into the woods to find him again .
tr	11	Adele had not expected to be followed and so had allowed a few tears to fall from her brimming eyes .
tr	10	" Do you know how he died ? "
tr	11	Father stepped in when he heard her scream for help and saved her .
tr	9	Vox are pretty good aren 't they ? '
tr	10	" God , I sure hope we 're not getting in over our heads .
tr	8	He stayed back in the darkness of the cave , out of sight .
tr	8	He set his lute against the wall and ran after Hilda , following her outside into the windy night .
tr	9	Do you want to see Col 's son a hero ?
tr	9	May we accompany you there ? "
tr	9	" I 'm assuming some sort of fraud here , " I say .
tr	10	Rick exclaimed at the visual that greeted them .
tr	10	The Wise Old Man pressed some buttons and the walls in the room came to life .
tr	5	" No I can 't , the rope is way too weak . "
tr	9	The men sprinted towards the back of the truck and cautiously peeked inside .
tr	8	David knelt by Gavin 's still form and unbuckled the gun and its holster .
tr	9	For a moment it was silent and I felt a tingle at the back of my neck .
tr	7	" What has this monster done to you ? "
tr	7	" Captain Gao , your government has sent you here today for a job interview . "
tr	6	" Wow , this guy didn 't stand still .
tr	9	" You 'll never know if you don 't try .
tr	7	With my fingers running along the wall , I stumbled down the narrow hallway and into the kitchen .
tr	7	Mana looked at Miriam without out speaking .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	9	" I ain 't going to kill you yet .
tr	11	He chuckled , and I didn 't have the heart to correct him just yet .
tr	7	Adele brushed the back of her hand across her face .
tr	8	" But the world 's moved on , and some things start to fail . "
tr	11	He says I 'd be good at it .
tr	7	I sighed , the smile leaving my lips .
tr	11	Sofia took the pleasure of answering into the princess ' inquiries .
tr	8	This -- all of this -- has been my doing . "
tr	10	" Your party is ready to speak with you now . "
tr	7	" My god , what a woman , I 've read of you , in the paper .
tr	8	" We 'll ride in back , " he told his brother .
tr	7	Malcolm put his arm around me and squeezed .
tr	10	Because they try to follow her ?
tr	9	John moved to join him but Sarah grabbed his arm .
tr	11	Even had it been to call me to task , I would have welcomed it . "
tr	9	But I knew he was wise and would treat his people with respect and kindness .
tr	8	" Well , he was born all those other Christmases , too , " he said .
tr	7	No one will believe us without Phillip now .
tr	8	Nathan threw several other pieces of luggage to the boys and followed Bethany with a duffle bag .
tr	11	The fact is that I 'm horribly allergic to mushrooms , " Tori said .
tr	9	A few people looked at her as she walked Dan into the market .
tr	9	Or what sounded like shooting .
tr	7	They 'll help you , no questions asked . "
tr	8	There were at least a hundred webs springing from the Orb .
tr	8	The walls were built of wooden palisades , similar to White Wolf Keep .
tr	8	The Falcon " How dare he ? "
tr	5	No shoes , no shirt , no pants , no underwear , no service . "
tr	8	Barney went on , pulling him from his thoughts .
tr	6	The river , along with the huge lake , split the continent in two from ocean to ocean .
tr	9	Two serving girls moved between the tables , cleaning and refilling drinks , flashing dimples under bright eyes as they worked .
tr	11	It was about dinnertime and he hadn 't even started to cook my dinner -- - the jerk .
tr	7	Friedrich nodded briefly as he approached .
tr	10	There could be no doubt of course that the bodyguard was behind it .
tr	6	The Dean frowned , removed his hat , and pulled out a small crab . '
tr	9	Celeste sounded as if she was reciting verse .
tr	6	" And with regard to Adele ? "
tr	7	As the wise archaeology scholar from the world famous university , you have thoroughly reviewed the site .
tr	11	There was so much she wanted to say .
tr	9	If there was , it 'd look like me -- with only half of an unfitting uniform . "
tr	7	Its pale grey fur is strikingly contrasted by its vivid yellow eyes .
tr	6	" You said probably this afternoon , " John said from the bed .
tr	6	OK , well , these passages , at least the ones I understand , come from that time period ! "
tr	8	Driving up the High Road towards Barnet George turned the radio off .
tr	10	They hadn 't done much talking while they ran .
tr	9	Afterward , we 'll decide how to proceed . "
tr	5	Just a favored pet dog of a senile old man . "
tr	8	Moments later , the Hayabusa roared through the dark streets of the city .
tr	8	Slowly the tension eased and Viv seemed to relax .
tr	9	Come on , get dressed and we will go and check on Mana , " Riki ordered .
tr	8	" Arise , " he growls , staring daggers at the woman .
tr	6	I was fearful , and for a moment , the Commander 's demeanour changed .
tr	9	Shouldn 't need much time to send a set statement .
tr	8	He looked menacing , unwavering in the same dark clothes of the previous day .
tr	11	That 's all you have to do .
tr	6	She sat on a chair opposite Miriam , Simon and Neil .
tr	10	She winced as the movement aggravated the sore muscle in her neck .
tr	7	' I don 't think you understand . '
tr	6	Their urban areas are probably empty as well , " the Dense Secretary offered .
tr	5	At least I hope not , " he muttered as an aside .
tr	7	The elderly man just looks at the doctor with a blank face , not knowing the answer .
tr	9	He quickly smoothed his face back into a mask of patient concern but it was too late .
tr	7	' Has he got a mobile on him ' I asked .
tr	9	" Wouldn 't be much of a secret if you had , would it , Mary ? "
tr	7	Didn 't I just pass the most crucial test of all ?
tr	9	I think we 've got trouble . "
tr	9	And ... For a little surprise , we payed some guys to make a phone app ! "
tr	9	Still , there was nothing to do but wait .
tr	9	We have to get moving .
tr	8	Voice # 2 : " What did you not understand , the orders were quite clear . "
tr	8	Trouble with the pillars could send you running , he knew .
tr	9	" Okay , is it all right if we go then ? "
tr	6	" Now really Pandora , you 're overreacting - " " So you think , " Pandora replied flatly .
tr	7	With the nuclear Los Angles class attack submarine leading the way , they headed north toward Puget Sound .
tr	11	They obviously weren 't very honourable as a torrent of foul language erupted out of the speaker above our heads .
tr	8	Then they all set off in the direction of the Museum House .
tr	9	He had to keep going .
tr	10	Nigel took a deep breath , trying to steady his nerves .
tr	6	He was a mess ; and this was no simple mistake .
tr	7	Stretching limbs and cracking joints , he shook off sleep , threw aside his blanket , relishing the predawn chill .
tr	8	Next is a bathroom and then a closet with towels and stuff .
tr	8	As we slowly entered the throng it became obvious that it was a friendly demonstration .
tr	11	I would like to stay if I can .
tr	7	Back in the real world , Alita didn 't have it so hot at home .
tr	9	" I 've never heard someone actually grind their teeth before .
tr	5	Through the rearview mirror , Colette saw her raise one hand and wave .
tr	7	I told her about you quite some time ago .
tr	7	" Try two , sixteen , thirty , and then enter eight , four , two , three , four . "
tr	8	It kinda took awhile to get out there . "
tr	7	She can fight with us . "
tr	11	It looks like a whole valley of Christmas trees fanning out in front of me .
tr	6	" Yeah , " Gabe leans forward against the doorway .
tr	11	We never turn it off and we never try to change any of the data on it .
tr	8	Mac knew he was lying .
tr	7	" I 'm in control , " I whisper , awed .
tr	9	I don 't want to make any fatal errors . "
tr	11	Rick held his light at an angle to the wall , which immediately made the impression visible .
tr	6	" Is everything ... uh , comfortable .
tr	6	Rupert waved one hairy hand at him .
tr	9	Pierre and Roberto who stood silently in the shadows drew in their breaths , waiting for her reply .
tr	8	When their clothes were wrung out , they spread out as individuals .
tr	5	" I know , " muttered Dreamer , then her stomach rumbled .
tr	8	He was lost in thought again -- his plate empty .
tr	10	" I 'm glad I came to you .
tr	9	Do I seem fake ? "
tr	9	" What if the Brits tried to invade India now ? "
tr	10	Gordon would come if he called him , he knew .
tr	7	In the centre of the box was a single red button .
tr	7	I treaded water a few feet beneath the pool 's surface .
tr	8	the man said , pointing at the foreign men .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , organisations , or persons , living or deceased , is entirely coincidental .
tr	6	" Well , I just mean that - " " She is a man ? "
tr	8	I studied the yellowish hue of Malcolm 's face .
tr	8	The huge iris slides open and once the opening is large enough Maya glides through it .
tr	7	Kaylie leaned over and whispered with concern , " Us too ?
tr	9	' We 'll have an answer for you soon enough , ' said a Council member harshly .
tr	9	Glancing around , he figured that in another week or two , the beach would be full .
tr	11	She 'd slept in and was reading the morning paper curled up on the couch still wearing just her tee shirt .
tr	5	" So now I 'm your prisoner ?
tr	9	I will not let you to ruin my dream ! "
tr	9	Long have the kingdoms been in disarray and are not the force they once were .
tr	7	We could have left , Sarah thought .
tr	10	Lonnie and Ricky had heard the kids talking in the corral and spied around the corner on them .
tr	9	After all , it probably wasn 't the worst way to go .
tr	8	This ebook is Volume 2 and contains the 28 instalments from February .
tr	5	Like Confucius , Shakyamuni , Jesus , and Socrates , he was a great thinker .
tr	10	They believed the trucks were loaded with explosives .
tr	8	After sipping on champagne , I finally answered .
tr	10	You said she only got one shot ?
tr	10	As she descended the staircase her entrance certainly made exactly the impression she had hoped for .
tr	6	Finn , being Finn , puckered his lips and blew the giant a big , fat , sloppy kiss .
tr	10	" So how do I get it to come up on the screen then ? "
tr	5	The other man , hunched and wrinkled , wore a simple black robe .
tr	11	Everything 's gon na be focused on Chuck .
tr	7	' Sorry Danny , ' she said quietly , hoisting the bags out the way .
tr	5	At the strange voice , the man painfully turned his head .
tr	11	She opened her eyes the merest slit , peering through her lashes .
tr	6	He 's not too bad , but his brother Dave is mean .
tr	10	" Perfect ... I 'll meet you back at the room before dark . "
tr	6	A slight breeze of warm air was the result .
tr	10	It was put in the hands of ten Guardians , seven men and three women .
tr	8	Waving Willow stayed for a long time , sitting with Three Baskets .
tr	10	I have to get to work .
tr	11	People are trying to get a hold of you .
tr	10	... the opposing team to try and put the pigskin over the line .
tr	7	" That 'd do the trick but we don 't . "
tr	11	We were twenty feet from the mouth of the alley when a squad car suddenly braked in front of it .
tr	7	He flopped back on the bed and gazed at the ceiling .
tr	9	' I suppose I 've always liked him .
tr	7	Suddenly the stairwell door burst open , and 007 ran into the room .
tr	6	Oh , poor little boy ... would you like a new one ?
tr	8	" Sometimes people need a break to figure things out .
tr	5	Please , Stella , I really need your help this time .
tr	8	inquired the boy , half in derision and half in fascination .
tr	7	More treasure than they ever dreamed of !
tr	7	' Hell , talk about bad luck , ' he said flatly after a pause .
tr	10	Someone had left the door cracked open , just a hair .
tr	8	Roars of boisterous laughter filled the place and goblets slammed together .
tr	10	We kiss as his brown , leathery bat wings beat against the air and lift us up to the stars .
tr	10	" Is it a fight really what you need , boy ? "
tr	9	" I don 't know what you 're talking about .
tr	9	Would you like to spend the summer at Big Pine Lodge ? "
tr	5	Blue female , long hair , small build , blue whiskers , nose , pads , and eyes .
tr	11	" Having seen her I should say she will not disappoint in that duty . "
tr	9	Marja , watching her friend kick her horse into a canter , just shook her head .
tr	11	" Mr. Richmond , we are hearing from Houston that you have some sort of problem ? "
tr	6	' We both miss you , ' added his wife , Eve , in a loving tone .
tr	6	" How did he get here ? "
tr	6	Rafe clamped his mouth firmly closed .
tr	6	She said , " But I 'm family .
tr	7	I walked away from the crowd , never glimpsing the scarred Courtier .
tr	9	The strategy you escaped with is still unknown , " Ms. Cane explained .
tr	8	" We got most of the clothes and things on the list , " he says .
tr	10	He is talking about marriage before he leaves in another two weeks .
tr	6	" He is brave and caring and not a hard , careless man .
tr	8	In fact , " he added in a lower tone , " I have dreams about it . "
tr	9	She reached for the book and embraced it tightly to her chest .
tr	8	Are they doing well ? "
tr	6	Her body was too tired and the warm tea and the sandwich gave her the rest .
tr	7	" It doesn 't matter , " said Walter , " they 'll come regardless . "
tr	5	a different voice called back .
tr	11	After a pause , I hear his steps come crashing after me .
tr	7	But this did not affect her ferocity to any appreciable extent .
tr	6	He simply wrapped his great girth around Logan in a warm , fatherly embrace .
tr	6	The dangerous goods compartment held some basic , yet important scientific equipment .
tr	11	I launched myself into the air spinning as I ascended and I created a type of void .
tr	7	This time he was wearing a blue T-shirt with ' 17 SEC . '
tr	8	Connor grabbed a shirt and pants and walked back into the bathroom and closed the door .
tr	7	You got any books of that time ? "
tr	7	Blackie stumbled over a root and pitched Ricky forward onto his neck .
tr	10	They had taken all the women and children and were driving them towards the border to the South .
tr	8	" Remember when Kennedy made his famous Berlin speech ?
tr	5	They obeyed , but only reluctantly , cutting loose their hard begot captive .
tr	10	This convict got someone to give him one hundred thousand dollars .
tr	8	When Black Scorpion returned , some of the older people left to find a new home .
tr	11	The move simply provided him the ability to finally see the face of the aggressor .
tr	5	Unlike most Marks , his goal wasn 't quantity but quality .
tr	9	He had to keep moving .
tr	7	In spite of our race , the ride was pleasant .
tr	8	Each shouldered the large , and somehow beautiful , Barrett M83 .50 caliber sniper rifle .
tr	10	When they bumped into Mike they said they 'd be in the van .
tr	6	" Adele ... " " Adele , are you coming ? "
tr	8	Jonesy must sure be putting this poor bird through its paces !
tr	11	The three of them were forced to move to a couple more squares in this fashion .
tr	8	Without another word , we threw our legs into the saddle , mounting with ease .
tr	7	Outside the shade of the trees , his body felt the brunt of the steaming sunlight .
tr	10	My guess is he 's not interested in them .
tr	9	Then were days when we worked together at the project .
tr	10	The funeral flew by , as they always did in Kurt 's experience .
tr	7	But he didn 't tell them about Ruben .
tr	11	Probably an old colleague ; they do seem to appear in the most random places .
tr	7	That much snow could easily sweep you off and over the cliff .
tr	5	" Now listen - " " No you listen ! "
tr	9	Riki ran forward and began dipping her hand in the various plates .
tr	11	Into the first song he sang , as usual making them wait for the guitar .
tr	9	He returned the radio to his belt and looked at the innocent blue eyes then grinned .
tr	5	' Your power - your life force - your essence ! '
tr	6	From the second story , it wasn 't a far drop , but it was enough .
tr	5	" Not him , " his tone was rough .
tr	11	It would also be that much easier for them to be seen .
tr	10	Had to have all of her .
tr	5	On the cover , an all too familiar logo depicted white piano keys .
tr	9	' Were you aware that our grandmother died during the first plague ? '
tr	6	And another , and another , as the distant island sank into the horizon .
tr	11	Matthew tried to comprehend what he 'd just heard .
tr	10	Luckily , there was no reason to make things worse .
tr	10	Something serious was going on if she had left her kitchen .
tr	8	Atticus dressed himself in the Captain 's spare clothing and took out his pistol .
tr	9	We burn them before planting in the spring . "
tr	8	It is the shortest as you know , unless you prefer another .
tr	8	He let go of the knife hand , and she lowered it back to the pillow .
tr	9	" How are you planning to find him ? "
tr	9	As soon as it started sizzling and popping , she dropped it at her feet .
tr	11	Now we got latte stands but no one to defend them .
tr	9	There was something she didn 't understand , something very important connecting the two men .
tr	6	His sword sank deep into the flesh .
tr	10	They were climbing a rocky ridge when they heard movement on the other side .
tr	11	Perhaps it was the deep seated memory of an old man in a chair in a warm yard .
tr	5	" Every time we talk , we cover the same old ground . "
tr	7	He was sure of it .
tr	8	Food was brought and , first , fed to all the survivors and the liberated .
tr	6	' Brand new , ' he smiled , tracing his finger along the blade , ' nice and sharp . '
tr	11	You see for this merciless crowd the greater the number of victims the better the spectacle .
tr	7	So far no information is available on its possible whereabouts . '
tr	5	A thought of Rand al ' Thor , resting in his room .
tr	11	Much as she had enjoyed skiing , she had to admit she wasn 't a natural .
tr	9	Tell her everything I 'm feeling ?
tr	8	I don 't know where he went .
tr	10	VIN 's body wanted to leave his seat and float in the air .
tr	10	Joe , for his part , was obviously exhausted but he seemed to be recovering a bit .
tr	6	" Oh , three hours of solid sleep , no wonder you are so perky and loud . "
tr	7	' Use your lights , your lights you stupid old git , ' he would scream every now and again .
tr	9	I can 't stand up , so I sit on my knees while the water soaks my fevered skin .
tr	6	" You smell so damn good , " he said , his voice low and full of masculine want .
tr	9	I 'll show you what panic 's all about . "
tr	5	Up ahead , at a T-shaped intersection , there was a crowd .
tr	11	They could no longer move north even though the light was well ahead of them .
tr	10	" The anomalies are strongest where huge patches of magnetized material sit near the surface .
tr	7	" George 's prime concern just now is for you , Robbie .
tr	10	" New " zombies may have some retained cognitive ability in the earliest stages of the disease .
tr	7	She didn 't really like him , and she didn 't really trust him .
tr	10	I was afraid to stop talking .
tr	8	Archie told Charlie about Andy and the Talisman from start to finish .
tr	9	I 'd have to get lucky .
tr	10	Suddenly she was the orphaned child he had come back to , himself newly crippled from regaining the Book .
tr	9	Tori sat next to her and Tracy came in with a bunch of papers .
tr	10	And then I suppose you best be getting on your way .
tr	8	He crawled forward reaching out to his old friend .
tr	8	One day , one of the infected got into our yard when I was outside .
tr	7	Was her own ten year-old son suggesting they kill a dog ?
tr	9	It is called Fiddler 's Greens you know . "
tr	6	He pulled the shiny device from his ear with a quick yank .
tr	8	Now ... What will be next ?
tr	8	" I saw one an hour earlier about forty miles ahead , " VIN replied .
tr	7	Without thinking , Matthew hurried to the broken down door and cautiously peered into the room .
tr	7	Sarah called after him but he kept walking .
tr	11	But she had been certain that there was more to it than that .
tr	9	" What matters is who you are , " she said .
tr	7	We shared so much , she was the first person , and so far only person I ever truly let in .
tr	9	" Save your pity for your hero , " he responds , growing momentarily agitated himself .
tr	8	Let 's say you do win .
tr	6	" Who do you think , dummy ?
tr	7	" Do you have any ID on you ?
tr	8	asked Simon unable hide his disappointment .
tr	6	Lucky they had a free room , especially a private one .
tr	7	She slipped her arms out of the coat and took it off .
tr	7	He lifted a hand to his chest and stared at his crimson fingers .
tr	8	" Come girls , ' tis time to make your farewells . "
tr	11	" I was starting to become fond of her .
tr	8	" How dare you interfere , " she scolds , her voice livid with contempt .
tr	9	That 's what 's so amazing ; they actually learned to be patient .
tr	7	Pale purple filaments blink in and out of existence .
tr	8	He is having a lot of fun .
tr	11	It appears to be working for now , he thought .
tr	11	I 'm proposing we go after what they already have . "
tr	7	Tom grew up in the Chesapeake Bay , and his love for his native land shines through in every word .
tr	6	The big news in Cheyenne , however , wasn 't the sunny warm weather .
tr	11	I 'm excited to be going to Mongolia !
tr	5	Come , my good friends , our journey awaits . "
tr	8	His mother didn 't press for a better answer and took another bite .
tr	7	Not far from here , in fact . "
tr	8	Jennie asked the standard questions about known enemies and strangers hanging around .
tr	10	" I have never faced great danger in my time and should not wish to do so .
tr	9	Most of it was melted now , revealing an aluminum frame and railings .
tr	7	Some of his men smiled with pleasure and he gave them angry warning looks .
tr	7	And yet he did not move , did not even realize the danger -- likely could not even fathom it .
tr	8	He left off darning old socks at once .
tr	9	Elaina thought she heard tears in their voices .
tr	8	From her father they were stories that other people lived , yet now it was different .
tr	6	" Come on , John , be serious , " Bradley interrupted .
tr	7	The roadster braked to a halt a few inches from our legs .
tr	9	Suddenly something seemed to click in his head .
tr	6	' Are immortals really that much above the law ? '
tr	6	You aren 't undead , or the walking dead , and Buffy isn 't a reliable anatomical resource .
tr	11	Leaning back , Lucas saw the man who had spoke was an odd-looking duck .
tr	9	He stared at his hands as if they had betrayed him .
tr	11	Aria looks up at the systems control specialist who glances at his data stream .
tr	9	he chokes and reaches out to touch his brother .
tr	10	The podium had been set up with the hangar door of number one behind it .
tr	7	Ben dug into his pockets , found some small change and bought some candles .
tr	8	One was dressed in bloody U.S. camouflage and seemed female .
tr	11	What he would give to do that now .
tr	10	Eager to see Richard in pain .
tr	6	In the distance , coyotes were howling , wolves yelping , and down by the creek night birds were calling .
tr	6	They each have about a hundred men under their command . '
tr	8	She looked around the small grey vault of a room .
tr	9	" I know I am not weak , " the Prince said .
tr	11	' We 'll probably be reported as missing by now .
tr	7	We could see the castle and lake spread before us .
tr	9	Mike explained the accommodations as well as the washing facilities set up by the military .
tr	9	She wanted to ask why .
tr	7	But he said nothing , as always .
tr	8	To him it meant playtime had just begun .
tr	5	" What brings you here this bright summer morning ? "
tr	8	It had the tang of earth and vegetation and throbbed with vitality .
tr	11	" Well ... I thought I saw her blush . "
tr	5	A few moments later , the door opened , and a tiny gray-haired woman appeared .
tr	7	For the love of the gods , let us go silently !
tr	10	" Sorry , " said Anderson , " but you need to start three days from now at the latest .
tr	8	" Is there any pitch-black place in town ? "
tr	7	She really loved these kind of trips .
tr	8	I felt like everyone 's eyes turn to me , even though no one was looking .
tr	11	It could have been the breeze , or a creature disturbed by the false owl cry .
tr	7	The pain hits him and Lance screams in torment as fluids gush and broken power conduits spark .
tr	6	" That 's sad , " Alex commented .
tr	7	In the middle of nowhere , in the melted remains of a boat .
tr	5	At the time , though , I waved aside any explanations .
tr	6	I will bring them here .
tr	9	Alfred completed the upward struggle with the stairs to the executive suites for the second time that day .
tr	11	I 'm surprised I had room for anything after yesterday . "
tr	10	He yearned to help him but didn 't know what he could do .
tr	6	Victor 's gaze shifted to the elevator on the right .
tr	6	" Yeah , " Francesca tugs on her jean skirt .
tr	8	" Why if I overpowered him , is he still alive ? "
tr	10	The sun was washing the landscape in shades of gold when we stepped out onto the porch .
tr	9	He loved flying , hunting deer , drinking whiskey and not much else .
tr	6	Lots of executives and well-paid engineers .
tr	9	Nathan was shocked by the speed of the slaughter .
tr	8	" She is Long zen ... yah , " the gnome muttered , looking up into the trees .
tr	10	" I wouldn 't ever think of doing that , " he smiled .
tr	7	' And get off the island if you can . '
tr	10	Though he would be gone on long voyages , Pierre assured him that Nora would be in safe hands .
tr	9	" No ... at first we thought you were dead , it was Robbie that called it in .
tr	5	For a port , Boston is a long way inland .
tr	7	The next morning , as Scott and Brooke prepare breakfast , Timothy walks through his basement lab .
tr	6	" You 're smiling , " Liam shot back , with his own grin for accompaniment .
tr	9	Only the Savior of the world can atone for the sins of men .
tr	8	So much for being quiet though , " I uttered wryly .
tr	8	After a moment , Eva and Phillip joined us , accompanied by Simon .
tr	7	The telepathic bond held strong and Kim shook her head , red hair whipping round with the movement .
tr	10	' I haven 't seen you smoke in ages . '
tr	7	The man within made his way towards Rafe 's horse slowly .
tr	9	He knew his time was running out .
tr	8	He could have covered it up as simple curiosity .
tr	9	A way that somehow reminded Muhammad of a swinging fist .
tr	11	I 've been lucky to be in the background .
tr	6	As usual , the first five minutes of the news was about the latest Eternal death .
tr	10	Finan watched as several emotions crossed Lord Rafe 's face and felt sympathy for him .
tr	7	she was half crying through her explanation .
tr	8	Suddenly , two bloody canines jabbed into the wheels popping the grandmother 's left rear tire .
tr	8	They have an interesting defensive mechanism when cornered .
tr	7	All will be turned away .
tr	9	" I 've got two guys to your direct front , and another two moving to flank you . "
tr	7	Except they 're not that old yet .
tr	10	He said shortly , moving to put out the torches .
tr	8	" This , " he laid a single finger on the chronicler , " is the Universal Chronicler .
tr	7	" So why don 't you , already ? "
tr	6	Even more so , because of her pregnancy her eyes had a very hungry look .
tr	11	Mark and Mike were starting to feel more than a little uneasy about Tsubasa .
tr	5	First a new species , then a school , and now ... a portal ?
tr	8	Soon a crowd began to gather and the tension began to grow .
tr	8	CHAPTER 13 The Meeting The storm hit three hours later , and it did not let up for two days .
tr	7	We are doing nothing tonight but go home .
tr	7	Sarah looked at David , her mouth open .
tr	9	" So , how does that prove man can live a thousand years ? "
tr	6	Except for ' Kill Bill , ' but that 's not really -- " " You have it !
tr	10	Raphael saw Alison hold Danny 's gaze and raised a mischievous eyebrow .
tr	9	We carried the immortal inside the lodge and laid him on a couch in the front room .
tr	5	" All right , then , " she said , " here we go . "
tr	9	" Who was here when you went into the coma ? "
tr	10	Josh reeled from the words , his head snapping back as if from a physical blow .
tr	11	I said turning to look at each one .
tr	7	Suddenly , Garo 's words eclipse the rest of his thoughts entirely .
tr	5	Through the mists , leaves and branches , they traveled .
tr	7	What kind of work , they asked ?
tr	7	" We only have a few minutes before the launch , " prompted Tork .
tr	9	" Well , what were you doing ? "
tr	5	" Yes , of course , but your mother isn 't too well .
tr	8	He wished he and Hilda shared a cell .
tr	11	Adele met her friend 's eyes , and Eda saw that they were as unconcerned as always they were .
tr	8	With no thought of busking licences they set up away from other performers draping the backdrop on an available park bench .
tr	11	' People are as beautiful as they make up their minds to be . '
tr	8	As they walked back to the shop , Zero however had found himself never more concerned .
tr	11	" I know what I have to do now .
tr	8	" What 's she gon na do ? "
tr	7	' And you , make sure he 's okay . '
tr	9	Sometimes I think I 'll never really get it . "
tr	9	When the gear had been brought aboard I called a meeting .
tr	6	And that night , the three of us once more laid up in the terrace after dinner .
tr	10	I never meant , of course , that you should be forbidden entry . "
tr	10	" I still think we should wait for a little while .
tr	11	But given that 's what I answer to it 's real .
tr	7	The mother abruptly stops , and her male cub , not paying attention , runs into her hind leg .
tr	9	He looked at her as if she was saying something profound .
tr	10	Within the dark lord 's mind , he attributes the unexpected pain to the figure within the orb of flame .
tr	10	The soldiers claimed to have no record of my existence .
tr	11	As he walked he cleared his mind to the openness that was around them .
tr	8	" How Melissa found you , Sweetie , she looked at your blood .
tr	7	Without a moment 's hesitation , Joseph leapt into the vehicle , and we followed .
tr	11	He quickly realized his actions would be viewed as ruthless and murderous .
tr	11	She smiled when she saw it was Hiro .
tr	8	He hung it above the fire , but it eventually went up in flames and spilled .
tr	11	People like your family are bred to rule for everyone 's benefit .
tr	9	Outside Gloucester he picked up the M5 in the direction of Bristol .
tr	8	" My Prince , " said the captain , carefully looking just below the Prince 's eyes .
tr	7	Over the next ten minutes , Reid and I explained about our involvement with the FBI and the French detective .
tr	11	Cobb asked , staggering a bit after looking into the hole .
tr	7	I agreed to her terms , and she marched off to bed .
tr	6	She learned a lot about herself in these days .
tr	9	Most definitely something I would wear .
tr	6	" Hey Hank , " Chuck said , " You shouldn 't say that .
tr	9	The Jackson Purchase was shaped like a horseshoe with the open end to the south .
tr	8	" He 's been on his own for so long , with only his mother and uncle .
tr	6	" Yeah ... Yeah , definitely , " he replied distractedly .
tr	7	In a fraction of a second , all of it was gone .
tr	9	He picked a piece up and examined it , sniffing at the piece , then pitching it aside .
tr	7	" Oh , my God , " she said , her voice a whisper .
tr	11	I understand that which may cause you fear .
tr	6	' For goodness sake , someone get her tablets , ' moaned Spike .
tr	11	" That 's what she told you ; wan na know what she told me .
tr	9	" I want to hear the rest , " I say .
tr	5	For the first time , her wide , dark eyes registered fear .
tr	7	" Helm , combat team is aboard , get us the fuck out of here .
tr	6	Sometime before all this , one of our insurance company contacts invited Frances and I to a lavish entertainment .
tr	7	He pulled his binoculars from his bag and quickly scanned the walls and guard towers .
tr	6	At last , he straightened , and Darin held his breath .
tr	9	" Now , why would you think that we could be your boss ?
tr	7	" Yes , sir , " Hawk said and , saluting , dragged a still dumbfounded Hank with him .
tr	8	The fox kicked out sharply , catching my knee with his boot .
tr	10	Have the men take three days rations and plenty of extra fuel . "
tr	7	We rode the rest of the way in silence .
tr	11	Wasn 't that what she was trying to do now ?
tr	11	I don 't really know what happened to him but John thinks he fell .
tr	6	Melody took a deep breath and let out a long sigh .
tr	6	" Can we get this guy some clothes ? "
tr	10	" Ion thrusters do not seem to be operating correctly .
tr	9	Sofia gasped , burying her lips in her quivering hand and flinched away from him .
tr	6	" All right , " she said , " what 's funny ? "
tr	5	Murders , especially around a full moon , were always a concern .
tr	8	They 're all brand new ... . .
tr	6	As a talisman , it could grant him unthinkable power . "
tr	6	" I got hit in the back with a rock the size of a Volvo .
tr	9	King Ine demanded that we accept payment rather than demand retribution with the sword .
tr	8	Merit Badge paused to think a second .
tr	8	I saw it when we came out this morning . "
tr	8	Could you guys point me in the direction of the main hall ? '
tr	9	Heavens , I 'd have worried if she came . "
tr	10	Sarah nodded , her heart so full she nearly sat back down again .
tr	5	" However , not all guys - " " But some are .
tr	8	If she had had her sword she would have hewn off her leg and crawled across the floor to slay Olmec .
tr	9	" He wants to talk to you . "
tr	9	Why would you want to do that ?
tr	8	He had of course heard about Sampson , but never in such stark terms .
tr	8	We 'd captured the farmhouse but at a twofold terrible cost .
tr	6	They all said yes , except Kaylie .
tr	6	At the table , Rowdy glanced her way and gave her a leering appraisal .
tr	8	The Prince felt a swell of anger at this , but it quickly faded .
tr	8	They walked several yards ahead and there on the ground lay a body face up .
tr	8	" Cheery bit of news , isn 't it ? "
tr	10	Susan stood up from her chair startling Jacobs who jumped and yelped .
tr	9	So , it 's a different connection and it looks like William 's lab , Toby thought .
tr	5	' I don 't , and I can 't .
tr	8	There was only one thing left to do .
tr	9	Trying to keep a reign on myself .
tr	10	Whatever 's there is better than this . "
tr	9	We crouched down into the recesses of the trees and waited .
tr	7	" These creatures are mine , " said the young man , " or at least the pick of them is .
tr	8	He pulled at the threads of a frayed pillow too .
tr	10	Yield or I shall be forced to kill you . "
tr	9	Chapter Seventeen I lowered the katana and studied the figure standing in the shadows on the edge of the clearing .
tr	9	The noise of the engine faded as the SUV raced away , and the doors rumbled closed .
tr	8	Is one more , and has the same answer as the first one . "
tr	6	" He was in an Anglican Church the other day .
tr	8	At the phrase " murdered in the darkness " she shrieked .
tr	10	Kevin had impressed Missy the first time they came down here with how well he knew the caves .
tr	10	Not as big as Vasa , mind you , but certainly bigger than Mary Rose .
tr	10	We 're the only ones to keep him from it . "
tr	6	She gasped with delight and shock .
tr	10	" Just like bugs around a streetlight on a summer night , " Melody said .
tr	9	Assuming we catch up with them . "
tr	9	In the schoolroom , Mana ignored Miriam 's protests and opened a book of poetry in front of her .
tr	10	Chief Tuscaloosa told their story in a loud voice , exactly as they had told it to him .
tr	8	' Advanced cell -- ' ' Advanced cell cycle control and DNA transposition , ' said Anna .
tr	8	Now you travel all this far , at great risk , bringing us your wisdom . "
tr	7	I repeated slowly , staring at the man .
tr	5	" You are such a flirt ! "
tr	6	" Same way I know Valerie 's , and John 's , and Eric 's .
tr	9	He fell , his head crashing to the ground , bouncing off a rotten log .
tr	11	" Time to join the rest of your race ! "
tr	8	There was a noise that he barely heard , like a horse blowing restlessly nearby .
tr	5	And so he tried and it worked .
tr	11	When the lightning ended there was a small back cloud wobbling where the bird had been before .
tr	10	And with that the boss set off on his business rounds leaving the sisters by the pool .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , good , good , " was his reply .
tr	9	Turn around if you don 't believe me .
tr	7	Ten minutes of inspection later , Jodie announced , " I know what this is ! "
tr	10	" Did you see people vanish ?
tr	9	" When asking a girl out on a date , especially in Paris , certain expectations are involved .
tr	8	" They 're just having fun , Claire , lighten up . "
tr	11	She sits in her chair and starts typing onto her keyboard , presumably to start a trace .
tr	10	Agent 2C was astonished by the target laying on the bed .
tr	9	" And also , " he said , " I couldn 't ignore what I 'd seen . "
tr	9	The stone walls swallowed the echoes of the gamblers ' quarrel in an instant .
tr	10	He felt pretty well prepared to emerge from his burrow .
tr	10	He 'd want to see something grander .
tr	7	The tunnel was clear for the first ten feet .
tr	9	" Aren 't you supposed to be at home ? "
tr	8	' I was promised my own lab and as many research assistants as I wanted .
tr	10	It would have taken a long time for some of the people to trust him again .
tr	5	" Oh , cool , I need that ! "
tr	8	We 've never ridden here , so your expert guidance would be greatly appreciated . "
tr	7	Never once did his anger or impatience get the better of him then .
tr	6	The satnav 's prim voice startled Claire out of her reverie .
tr	9	A new set of ties whips around my torn wrists , and he pulls them tight into the wounds .
tr	7	Smiling , Chris asked about the ship 's progress .
tr	9	I need to get in there !
tr	11	She asked how they 'd arrived at their style and Calvin told her about Katherine .
tr	5	" A pro , " thought Avi .
tr	8	Deeply saddened and sickened by the grievous sight , he could stand no more .
tr	7	Then they could play together , the girls and the ponies .
tr	8	Unexpectedly , a wave of water forcefully flushed out of the hallway as the front doors exploded open .
tr	7	Then just as quickly as it had begun , the light withdrew back into the stone .
tr	6	He was too convincing for a waiter .
tr	10	Several songs rocked by before the waiter returned with two large glasses and the bill .
tr	11	This man was trying to get to something , but Nathan did not sense any malice .
tr	8	Trust in my knowledge of the situation disappeared .
tr	8	It would be a true challenge for us both . "
tr	10	" Let that set while you ride .
tr	8	With a final goodbye , the group went on their separate ways , ending the night with a fizzle .
tr	9	It is starting to feel better .
tr	10	" I just thought you might have heard something .
tr	11	" John , everything is weird when you 're in a foreign country , okay ?
tr	7	The machines had been turned off .
tr	7	In fact , your being next to Bob might trigger a favorable response , " uttered Dr. Mitchell .
tr	7	The job went smooth of course except for our little speed bump .
tr	5	' The tunnel collapsed , ' Friedrich said bluntly .
tr	8	" Now I got ta hurry up and get to practice . "
tr	6	Peyton hadn 't kidnapped Aimee .
tr	6	" Follow that car , " I yell frantically at Justin from the passenger seat .
tr	10	Soldado raised his voice high to be heard .
tr	10	It was quite naked and lying on its back , arms straight by its side ... ... .
tr	6	The rooms were sparsely furnished and open , the floors a shiny wood I had never seen before .
tr	7	Josie didn 't notice them leave .
tr	10	Heart hammering in panic , she flicked her gaze towards Ruth 's bed .
tr	8	David held up his hands to illustrate the point .
tr	9	" When you , too , are killed in self defense , this will be over ... Sit down Ahmad .
tr	8	As a young man , he had been brought here by his teacher .
tr	5	Then , " Oh , well , that 's not quite true .
tr	10	If we fail , we 'll have bigger problems to worry about . "
tr	8	The guards seemed more alert at the start of their watch .
tr	10	Even so , the impact sends Link flying backward , tumbling to a graceless stop as he finds his footing .
tr	8	" I do not believe in fate , Mr. Neil .
tr	11	He knew they expected to accompany him .
tr	11	It sounds harsh , but we have to take care of the people here first .
tr	5	Or at least , he had been .
tr	11	Students are scattered in a torn apart hallway we turn in .
tr	5	And the other one is Gabe .
tr	9	Looking up into those blank eyes , Claire wondered when her mother had become such a cow .
tr	7	The closest airport to our route , as I said , was San Luis Obispo .
tr	9	" Another two hundred meters , " Lace replied from the passenger seat , her eyes fixed on the GPS unit .
tr	10	Instantly , Sarah tried to locate John with her eyes .
tr	8	To take them with you ? "
tr	5	" Movement , there , " he whispered !
tr	5	Well , I am here now .
tr	11	By late afternoon the sun began to slip behind the mountains as they days grew shorter .
tr	5	" Gerry , please go and get Alex ! "
tr	9	Jones , bouncing along , threatened to tumble out of his saddle .
tr	11	Derrick picks up Dane and carries him over to where we are sitting .
tr	7	" So why didn 't they warn anyone , hmmm ? "
tr	10	' Do you want to leave ? '
tr	5	Let 's go up those stairs . "
tr	10	Let it claim who it will .
tr	10	I paused feeling their eyes piercing through me .
tr	10	" I can 't believe you 're telling me this . "
tr	9	The pressure of the hands against his head and back disappeared and an unearthly hush descended upon the park .
tr	11	The man nodded vigorously and quickly untied David who put his hands to his bleeding chest .
tr	10	" Because it showed a great deal of planning and preparation to do what they did .
tr	8	Don 't dwell on it ... .
tr	9	Now , you know how his Lordship had some important visitor today ? "
tr	10	I 'll make up something to keep the big boys away from you .
tr	5	Nick , Julie , Andrew , Phyllis , and the children followed her .
tr	6	" They 're arguing , " she whispered to Neil .
tr	6	Plus , the good natured yelling back and forth didn 't help , I 'm sure .
tr	10	Sigmund glared at her , then looked back to Brand and said , " What happened to the High King ? "
tr	7	Of course it will be dangerous but if you succeed , then we will all be free . '
tr	8	" That 's none of your affair , " he snapped .
tr	9	There were numerous separate room units connected by decks and rope bridges and ladders between them .
tr	9	" The war has begun , Johnny ; we got invaded by the enemy " said Phillip .
tr	7	Ignoring the comment , Ahmad pointed over Alfred 's shoulder .
tr	7	If I ever hear that you left your brother in the bush by himself again ! "
tr	10	Beyond them he couldn 't see much at all because of the thick misty fog covering Croydon airfield .
tr	11	Guess there was one down under that coal town in Pennsylvania , anyway .
tr	8	The two of them had also opted for target practice this morning due to the late night before .
tr	5	" Please , God , " she said .
tr	9	She turned to look up at him .
tr	8	Claire smiled at the elation , feeling only slightly guilty at her own cheating .
tr	9	" Turns out , I couldn 't sleep and your TV doesn 't seem to work .
tr	6	A small alcove held a sink , an icebox , and a pantry for food .
tr	11	without having to justify being a receptionist .
tr	7	Finn stood up and stared down at the man .
tr	7	Valerie is greeted by silence .
tr	11	We dated for four years before finally deciding to get married .
tr	5	' The catnip helped , ' I volunteered .
tr	10	Do you dare risk that ? "
tr	10	Feeling it cold but in the same time so familiar .
tr	11	I am going to be a farmer from now on .
tr	7	" I don 't know , Sarah , " David said .
tr	11	That made Carlos feel like he was quite something .
tr	10	No doubt this is why she wears his badge of wickedness ! "
tr	9	came the sharp cry and the truck jerked to a halt .
tr	11	" I don 't feel good about going over that fence blind .
tr	6	No killing , no exchanges , no secret work , only talk , at Rick 's and within the approaches .
tr	6	" Well , you 're certainly something , my girl , " said the older woman .
tr	7	The long awaited song has come down from the north .
tr	9	Each in jungle fatigues , no insignias , no rank , nothing that would identify them .
tr	11	" Not as of yet ; King Ine has been too occupied to see me . "
tr	8	You are now free of my curse and so as mine in yours . "
tr	6	" Well , yes , but each time , it 's , ' oh my . " '
tr	6	Alejo closed his eyes but he just couldn 't sleep .
tr	9	The butterflies in Ted 's stomach were really trying to break out now .
tr	10	Katherine had told her to stick to her guns .
tr	6	She dropped her voice to a secretive growl on the last two words .
tr	9	Judy had been killed in a hit and run not too far from the house .
tr	7	The reaction to aileron input was smooth and predictable and the plane turned without complaint .
tr	7	The injection worked in coordination with an Imp , and Mac didn 't have an Imp .
tr	5	" Thanks , I just got it last weekend .
tr	6	So many moments open for attack .
tr	11	I must say your accent is unfamiliar to me . "
tr	10	My mind is cloudy and confused as I slowly bob along the surface of consciousness .
tr	8	The leadership one one side fracturing due to a missing son , and sordid family secrets revealed on the other .
tr	9	I guess someone in the crowd shot him with a tranquilizer gun . "
tr	6	Yours , The Faerie Godmother July 1 Dear Fairy Godmother , Thank you for your letter .
tr	9	" I come in every day , keep house and cook for Mr. Mason when it 's required . "
tr	7	The upholstered interior of dark blue satin is , here and there , worn down to a blacker , threadbare base .
tr	8	" Sure thing , what 's up ? "
tr	8	We could have got here faster in the C-5 Galaxy . "
tr	7	Die , here in your tracks ! "
tr	11	The words on the page were written in a language I didn 't recognise .
tr	10	And I 'm going to make that happen . "
tr	10	" I felt sad , but I was only missing the idea of something , not the real thing .
tr	9	He asked you out on a date and romanced you because I paid him to . "
tr	7	And what happened to Miriam ?
tr	9	Stop trying to kid yourself .
tr	7	" We left my flight crew in the plane and didn 't even crack the windows .
tr	10	His son Nikolas went on to marry a great beauty called Aleksandra .
tr	10	Or they didn 't like the order they were given .
tr	5	" Tomorrow your project partner will arrive . "
tr	6	With these thoughts , he walked the short distance from the Palace to the Tower .
tr	10	' I wondered but there won 't be time , ' she said regretfully .
tr	8	I raised my gun and fired , still racing for the roadster .
tr	9	Firstly , we don 't know if Simon even came here .
tr	7	Most of all , there was the bell .
tr	11	I 'm floating over to the docking port the shuttle was use now . "
tr	11	So , would you be at all shocked if I told you I 'm a pastor 's son ? "
tr	11	On the basis of her memory being faulty because of her ordeal .
tr	5	I turn the handle and step inside .
tr	9	" The answer to the both lies is : I didn 't want you to go !
tr	6	' I heard voices , ' he said with a grunt .
tr	10	For coming to get me .
tr	10	" Besides , Hailey is going to go in first . "
tr	8	" If you can 't tell we 're kind of in the middle of something . "
tr	7	Obviously George had a source of inside information .
tr	10	She walked out , the anger she felt earlier building up inside of her .
tr	7	Dane pulls out his cell phone and makes a phone call to his friend Nicola .
tr	11	Gunnar thundered , bouncing in his saddle at the horse 's gallop .
tr	9	Diamond glints of frost sprayed around her , starred her coat .
tr	5	" There is yet one thing .
tr	5	" No , no , the point of your story is . . "
tr	9	They had been at battle with the Creeks on his first war party .
tr	6	I 've been so rude . "
tr	10	Pain was good , a reminder that nothing should matter but Aimee .
tr	8	This man did this for me , or so he 'd said .
tr	5	" Once , long ago , someone predicted my future .
tr	6	Simon chose that moment to burst into the room .
tr	9	" The rest is data but it 's not base 2 like we use .
tr	9	Jimmy finally managed to get Josie 's motorcycle up into the truck .
tr	8	I let the limp body fall out of my arms .
tr	7	" Okay , " Nate said , " let 's take a trip just past downtown . "
tr	6	" Whatever , her shouting probably made you fall , " says the other friend .
tr	10	For his part , Cade kept his gaze fixed on the far wall of the tent .
tr	6	" Uh ... Just -- God ... damned real estate agent , " Dock said , and died .
tr	11	He could see that the little stream had opened into a large , underground lake .
tr	11	Kron continued , " Who could have imagined something like this happening ?
tr	7	" All they did was plot and scheme against each other , just like the rich today .
tr	7	" We can only warn him , " the older man responded .
tr	7	Another trickle of clear fluid drains from his missing lips and down his jawbone .
tr	10	' Come on fella , that 's enough . '
tr	11	The Headmistress ignored her and put a whistle that hung around her neck on a silver string to her lips .
tr	5	But Sye 's response was even shorter , " No . "
tr	8	" Fine , " Drew soothed , " you go ask him while we eat . "
tr	6	Nothing but solid rock walls greeted me , not even a bed or bathroom .
tr	11	" You said they wanted to capture you .
tr	6	" Yes , he probably will be , " said the chief .
tr	7	The meeting covered a few more mundane matters and then adjourned .
tr	9	She stood close to the driver 's side door of the beat up Audi .
tr	10	Laurence wanted by all means to come with me in England , but I really didn 't want that to happen .
tr	5	" Just one or two small items , " she assured him cheerily .
tr	9	What made her do that ?
tr	9	They occasionally saw small groups of other survivors doing the same .
tr	8	The president 's secretary opened the door and ushered them in to the Oval Office .
tr	8	Both stared at each other without saying anything .
tr	8	He would walk away from the dog but when he turned around , he was always right behind him .
tr	5	A large grassed courtyard surrounded a tall , brick , bell tower .
tr	10	" Did you see what that fucking thing did to Wayland 's ship ? "
tr	6	Each time , a new face doing the killing .
tr	10	" I got this watch ... from Santa ... for my eighteenth birthday , " he said .
tr	9	" You wan na help put this together ? "
tr	9	He wanted to kill for it .
tr	8	" So Tino , what is with all the special cuisine ?
tr	9	" It 's radio controlled and will throw timed doubles . "
tr	10	" He 'll be here until that time anyway , and he 's certainly experienced .
tr	8	People are getting out of their vehicles and running with the crowd .
tr	7	Ted went down through the bulkhead doors into the basement and secured them behind him .
tr	5	Gabe whips out his gun .
tr	9	She didn 't know what to do .
tr	10	Zoe strained to raise her head and look .
tr	10	He was borrowing strength from the beast inside of him and it does not failed him .
tr	10	" I would have arranged for a private moment alone in the orchard at the fort ! "
tr	9	It was storming ; we 're talking torrential rains , wicked lightening , humongous waves .
tr	10	The captain was still sitting on the chair , as white as a sheet , miserably in pain .
tr	8	She opened up another program on her desk and started typing .
tr	9	She took a moment to compose her question .
tr	9	" I 'm sure he is quite safe .
tr	6	Cover grimaced , with their claws digging into his shoulders , arms and back .
tr	5	" So what exactly is George 's ... .
tr	5	And right then Aunt Tabby 's shoulders looked very pointy indeed .
tr	10	" Kobi , are you ready to hit the road ? "
tr	9	So , you know , a guy 's got to get a little nymph love every now and again . "
tr	10	Mac wasn 't sure what was more disturbing about the conversation .
tr	5	" Anything , man , so long as it 's legal ! "
tr	7	" Is she saying something ? "
tr	6	Only Logan 's rough shake stirred me , and we rose once more .
tr	11	They were all flying low and were carrying as much stuff as they could with their talons .
tr	9	McCutcheon was down in the CIC so Mike leaned over and yelled his news .
tr	8	echoed in his head in Arabic .
tr	11	Well , I guess I 'll be going with plan ' A ' after all . "
tr	11	He grabbed a knife from the side pouch of one of the dead officers and sliced my rope .
tr	8	Turning , Claire saw the bemused looks of the dry passengers and gave a little wave .
tr	9	Now she could see that the bark appeared fake .
tr	8	Then a husky , maddened with fear , broke from its snow hollow directly beneath the monster 's feet .
tr	8	Josie missed the meaning of Jimmy 's statement .
tr	9	Wounded Eagle and Wolf Eyes sought out a place together where they could talk things over .
tr	10	Joshua and his recon squad now saw the activity they were referring to .
tr	8	Personal training demonstrations are all he knows .
tr	9	" No , I don 't think he would , " Tori said .
tr	8	" Are you talking about the biblical Abraham ? "
tr	5	Your incredible hospitality knows no bounds . "
tr	11	Allie had to admit she liked it .
tr	8	" Who knows what they really wanted .
tr	9	She hates being reminded of the past .
tr	9	Plus , I think I just found an extra bonus in the canister drawer .
tr	8	He takes such pleasure in breaking things , even more than I do .
tr	8	' So , we now know who the elusive " A " is , huh ? '
tr	8	Only she or Felix could have rallied so many Hunters in such a short time . '
tr	9	They didn 't have to ask me twice .
tr	10	He knew what it was to grieve .
tr	11	he asked , laughing at the pun that wasn 't .
tr	6	Holding Sky tight , Claire looked over her shoulder at the image above the candles .
tr	9	These poor unfortunates are truly pitiful , but I didn 't know any of them .
tr	9	Do I have an incompetent murdering sibling ? "
tr	8	When the patch was thoroughly destroyed they found some soft earth and started digging for grubs .
tr	6	The magus was gaunt and bald with a pointed beard .
tr	9	The general stopped , and at last she followed his gaze to the four of them .
tr	11	When he reached the cave , he found the door had been left open .
tr	8	The cousins ran up to it and when Ben picked it up it also became invisible .
tr	11	The warrior executes another deadly swing , but the boy rolls over the top of the slow-moving slice of metal .
tr	6	Quiet gasps and exclamations rippled around the room as realization dawned .
tr	11	Adam stopped short , his blood starting to boil once again .
tr	8	I didn 't tell him about my ' Project Gas Station ' yet .
tr	7	Chapter 21 Day 20 I am the first one up and out of bed this morning .
tr	5	The same boring classes , the same nasty mean girls , and the same perverted jerks .
tr	6	Still , with the recent discovered bodies , Rubicon Ranch felt more like Detroit than a lazy bedroom community .
tr	10	She pulled the screwdriver away from Bethany 's neck and used it to point back toward the fire .
tr	7	He disappeared forward and closed the door behind him .
tr	5	In the aftermath both the croc and body were gone .
tr	8	I was good at waiting .
tr	7	It has a real spine and thick vanilla paper .
tr	9	I never claimed to be a great spy and this proved it .
tr	8	Sampson saw one panicky man running towards him .
tr	9	I seem to see a door at the other end . "
tr	10	I was hoping we could figure it out . "
tr	9	I thought we could listen together . "
tr	10	No , things will not simply return to normal once I have retrieved the book .
tr	9	Unfortunately for him , there was nothing for him to step onto .
tr	10	Do you believe that , Molly ? "
tr	8	Then we were off again , slinking through the silence .
tr	6	With a word I betrayed myself and destroyed the world .
tr	9	Even at a distance I could hear faint whispers of leaves swirling about .
tr	11	" I didn 't have to share any of this tech .
tr	10	" But being sneaky will make up for the lack of numbers , I think . "
tr	8	It appeared to be a giant pretzel .
tr	9	' No babe -- s ' just one of them things . '
tr	6	" Caroline , just this afternoon you signed a contract - " " Oh , who gives a damn ? "
tr	8	" That wasn 't part of the deal , " he protested .
tr	8	With a petulant sniff she reflected that her nose was probably red .
tr	6	BUT THE LETTER CLEARLY ' Yes , well , it 's socio-economic factors again , right ? '
tr	6	In a moment , Furnace was at the door .
tr	8	But a sly , sideways look betrayed her interest in the man 's advice .
tr	7	The Prince looked down the right hand fork , down toward the distant road .
tr	10	" I don 't know where to find my mom .
tr	9	" At any stage of this part of the mission the government might become very curious .
tr	8	You seek to supplant me .
tr	8	Soon as you can stand we 'll take you to her .
tr	11	Anything you would like to hear ? "
tr	8	" Alright , so Mom was pissed at my dad and overwhelmed and terrified out of her mind .
tr	7	Elaina frowned at his rudeness , but Landon nodded , " Certainly , sir , our apologies .
tr	11	Lilly Ann was glowing from the excitement of the adventure in her head .
tr	8	Mrs. Jones asked , smiling to her son .
tr	6	This time , his tongue invaded her mouth and he gave her a deep , searing kiss .
tr	11	" Humanity has no clue of the danger that awaits them .
tr	6	" Now how in the hell do you know that ? "
tr	9	The young man looked at the two unusual looking boys in some surprise and said something in reply .
tr	11	If the priest noticed that the soldier hadn 't said them , he gave no sign of it .
tr	8	' They all made it , ' said Anna , ' but not without some injuries . '
tr	11	, the elves were propelled skyward , back in the direction of the amusement park .
tr	10	Nothing could be seen of any of them .
tr	8	Little bits of dried blood fall into the apron of my shirt .
tr	8	We simply wandered down the streets asking for the latest edition . "
tr	8	But I haven 't had a good laugh in a long time . "
tr	10	I was so sorry but I had to do it , for my sake , for hers as well .
tr	9	Roberto watched the unconscious face , a very beautiful unconscious face sternly .
tr	9	Problem is , I don 't own any . "
tr	10	As I said , it was the most erratic behavior I 'd ever heard of .
tr	8	Proudly , he stood there smiling at her .
tr	8	A sudden clamor interrupted the conversation and both Trinity and Mal spun their heads to redirect their attention .
tr	5	" May I keep it ? "
tr	6	" It 's even got a CD player and air conditioning . "
tr	6	" Captain , " a small voice whispers in his mind .
tr	8	Refused to carry a gun .
tr	6	" I said enough , " he replied .
tr	7	" Now we are getting somewhere , " Zachary says with a wicked smile .
tr	9	" Because they quit being prey " Vivian said with a grin .
tr	10	I was rapidly beginning to hate it all .
tr	7	When Cordelia didn 't answer , they looked and saw her staring up at her beloved riverboat .
tr	8	Adele 's eyes fluttered open , dazzled for a moment by the fire light .
tr	7	Wasting no time , the mighty warrior leaps forward , winding up yet another execution chop .
tr	9	Neil jumped out of bed and padded over to the door in his bare feet .
tr	6	Startled , the man jumped to his feet .
tr	7	From behind the door there was a sliding noise and then the door creaked open .
tr	10	He is a man of the world and the most skilled woodsman I have ever run across . "
tr	10	The grain shortages that were caused in some years ... you 're responsible for that . "
tr	11	May I ask what outfit you served in ? "
tr	5	Or would she turn him away forever ?
tr	7	In all of Germany , she is loved for her pure forests and loving people .
tr	10	" You have got to be kidding me .
tr	10	I was trapped , too afraid to move in case they heard me .
tr	9	I want to know where .
tr	8	" Within thirty minutes and then we can take her to Warrior , " Lisa replies .
tr	8	Echo stood defiantly , more scared then he had ever been in his life .
tr	8	And may Almighty God forgive you for mocking your Shaykh ! "
tr	9	Having never been the aggressor in a fight before , Rift finds himself eagerly searching for weaknesses .
tr	7	" Well there 's no accounting for my designers taste . "
tr	7	" Nothing a paint job or two or three won 't cover up , " Mike said .
tr	8	After the initial morning greetings and small discussions about the snowfall , they all sat down for breakfast .
tr	6	He slid into the chair .
tr	8	He 'd never worked with so many before .
tr	8	Something had to be done .
tr	9	I finished loading fresh magazines into my guns and glanced hesitantly from the bodyguard to the driver .
tr	11	Her hands shook slightly when she placed it on the table in front of her .
tr	8	Ted gingerly caught hold of the wire and carefully followed it in one direction .
tr	9	I suddenly know that I am faster than him .
tr	7	Nathan quietly told them the rally point and their role in the bridge approach .
tr	5	" I see , " understood the fat Jew , nodding .
tr	6	" Yes , yes , I can pay , " Josh reiterated .
tr	10	I was resolved to learn more about the group .
tr	8	" Even though the princess is sleeping , " she breathed , " there 's something overwhelming about her .
tr	11	All he had ever wanted to do was please him .
tr	11	Josie knew it wasn 't her friend Jimmy looking at her .
tr	5	And in the great big sky above , swift , sleek birds of prey .
tr	11	After lighting the fuse , he looked down at the wreck , where a man in black shouted , " Wait !
tr	6	He shifted his weight from foot to foot .
tr	8	Mudd started to laugh , " seems like a long answer to a pretty simple question . "
tr	8	" My friend , which one of us is the terrorist ?
tr	9	Beyond the lawn , a dusty area began where rings of tall barbed wire fences circled ostrich pens .
tr	10	I really do need to talk . "
tr	7	His scream echoed through the valley , " Geronimo ! "
tr	8	An itch is forming in her brain and the light outside is dimming .
tr	11	We should retire to discuss this in the bedroom . "
tr	11	Through the darkness , Chris saw the man was now at the foot of the dune , about five feet away .
tr	10	I asked , craning my neck to see .
tr	7	Michael saw how Noah suffered .
tr	11	One of them has taken complete control of your leader and plans to bring about Armageddon , " He added .
tr	7	Under the elm trees , two coroner officers were zipping a body into a bag .
tr	5	" Well , I -- " She was no longer listening .
tr	7	No , Clancy would see to their needs .
tr	11	His mind raced , trying to find a new plan , but hers was the best .
tr	6	How dare he keep an elderly lady captive ?
tr	7	The voice on the other side sighed , " Just Mirai , " she said in her lilting accent .
tr	8	His cloak had not moved a hair in that last breeze .
tr	7	" Alright Carmen , " the boy says , " you 've sufficiently embarrassed yourself for the time being .
tr	7	" Please , " the Queen insists , still embarrassed by such formality .
tr	11	Mason struggled to get his mind on the business at hand .
tr	6	" This is so stupid , " he mutters .
tr	6	The room beyond was unchanged , the cameras still on the tables , still pointed at the false wall .
tr	7	Callie comes out with some good ones all the time .
tr	10	Instead , Mark went straight for the bargaining stage , electing to skip the anger .
tr	9	How I still don 't know , but I will get to the bottom of it soon . "
tr	8	She felt her nipple harden and her breath quickened .
tr	8	" Saving the realm , " he declares , continuing toward her .
tr	5	" Okay , maybe not fine , but I 'll live . "
tr	9	Frank was trying to remain calm .
tr	11	" Let me know what you find , " said Jacob .
tr	7	Then she closed her eyes and put her foot on the structure .
tr	11	There was something I needed to do .
tr	7	So that makes nine ... . .
tr	9	Linda knew she must look incredulous .
tr	9	She would surely lose her mind when she woke up .
tr	8	I estimated the oldest to be thirty-five .
tr	9	Lisa realizes her CU is online and activates her HUD .
tr	10	As if in slow motion , he stepped in and the doors slowly closed behind him .
tr	10	They formed a kind of gate , through which ran the path by the river .
tr	11	" Yes , but what exactly were you doing when you last used it ? "
tr	6	" Well ... now that you mention it , " Branden began .
tr	6	" Always the same , are you not ? "
tr	10	It was during these years that many NATO secret agencies started outsourcing their illegal work .
tr	10	Who is he to demand submission !
tr	9	Do you have any ? "
tr	9	Ten years old , at most , and the son of the most famous legate in the Empire . "
tr	8	" Her solo rendition of Santa Baby was not representative of her abilities , " Goodspeed countered .
tr	8	The time to see it through was now or never .
tr	7	" Eda , please be silent and listen ! "
tr	6	" ' Tis raining , had you not noticed ? "
tr	10	" It is my very essence , and with it , we are able to become one . "
tr	7	The young man approached , red eyes searing the air between them .
tr	10	My BlackBerry rang as I approached the outer suburbs of Sleaford .
tr	10	Gan watched her as they approached the edge of the plateau .
tr	5	" Ice cream and french fries isn 't exactly a typical combination . "
tr	9	To use this kind of technology and Special Forces required a high valued target .
tr	10	He says you 're obsessed with it .
tr	9	" They 'll be living in London , won 't they ? "
tr	8	Jim kept moving and taking quick looks over the edge .
tr	8	" Go on , " Theodosia said to Mana , " show it to her at once ! "
tr	6	I bit my lip , then spoke .
tr	6	French hip-hop music blasted loudly out of its open windows .
tr	10	You and Papa have taught me everything you know .
tr	7	What if those people are still around ?
tr	6	" Well , well , well , " the mouth said in an unfriendly tone .
tr	8	I know you 're a hacker ! "
tr	8	It was Rafe 's voice , speaking just behind her .
tr	6	I stayed behind the table .
tr	6	Vella said , " Yes young Jackson is a fine young man and good worker .
tr	9	" And what may I ask , is red-eye ? "
tr	9	" He tried to grab my shotgun and we ' av a bit of a struggle , then Boom !
tr	11	Delete it when you 're done , from both my host and your memory .
tr	5	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ By Saturday night , I was a nervous wreck .
tr	8	Nothin ' to be afraid of . "
tr	6	His hair was long and greasy , and a bushy beard hid his face .
tr	9	Her eyes widened when we came to a shooting range minutes later .
tr	9	I 'm not sure how to respond , so I don 't say anything at all .
tr	9	Everyone has to do their part , even if they do not want to .
tr	11	Until then , we can do our research and find out what those symbols are on the front .
tr	8	He roamed angrily with the force of his convictions .
tr	8	Fifteen minutes later Scott Lyndon pulled the truck to a stop near a large yellow bulldozer .
tr	8	But expressing emotion was unacceptable as an Imperial Knight ; and his mother needed his comfort .
tr	5	The clock said 0400 hours ... .
tr	6	Your arguments convinced me : the texts are authentic .
tr	11	I was lucky to use the bathroom in peace .
tr	8	All I see is their bright energy hooping around their bodies in golden bands .
tr	8	Obviously , halfway through the hairdo , Riki had grown bored of the braiding process .
tr	7	" Hey , my mom 's preparing a Passover feast tonight and I 'm inviting you ? "
tr	9	" What ... what do you mean by that ? "
tr	7	Instead , her fingers tapped the throne with either boredom or impatience , a rolling but off-key melody .
tr	9	Hopefully two weeks of peace will allow you to recoup your strength .
tr	7	" You 've reached Jennie Mudd ... you know the drill . "
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " the man said with a quick nod .
tr	9	He chuckled as kisses rained on him .
tr	11	I couldn 't help thinking it was my entire fault .
tr	11	Do you want to die ? "
tr	8	" John ... " Grinning , he hopped up and went to the kitchen sink to wash .
tr	9	Got to have it ! "
tr	7	Ahmad had said as much .
tr	7	" None can stand against their steel swords and thundering hooves . "
tr	8	I 'd help you if I could . "
tr	9	I believed in its truth and I believed it was right .
tr	7	It was cold outside and the floor of the small cottage was like ice to bare toes .
tr	6	he asked with his trademark smirk .
tr	10	I tracked your flight and saw that it landed over an hour ago .
tr	7	At the end of the procession , the gray skies opened up , and a drizzle began .
tr	10	Beverly pulls up a different screen that steadily shows her ammunition counter , rapidly decreasing .
tr	6	A wave of unspeakable relief washed over me at her words .
tr	7	Karen spun in that position , stood upright , and punched the opponent with a left hook to her head .
tr	6	" The very same , though Queen of what is a different question . "
tr	10	' I am , I 've written an article for Sounds about you today .
tr	7	Perhaps on our return to England , we may arrange travel through Germany . "
tr	7	The view from the second level luxury boxes allowed a view of the entire stadium .
tr	5	Romeo and Juliet , Anthony and Cleopatra -- " " Smith and Wesson ? "
tr	9	Cade disagreed calmly as raucous laughter floated up to them .
tr	9	Weak light filtered down through dingy skylights set into the roof , providing minimal illumination of the interior .
tr	7	" It is indeed grave tidings , but we must not act rashly . "
tr	7	His voice was somewhat high-pitched and soft , but it rang through the room like a bell .
tr	5	In his case the public spin wasn 't entirely untrue .
tr	7	Put up a bubble array , Sye echoed the voice in his head , now very curious about the strange wristwatch .
tr	9	Let 's figure out what to do next now .
tr	7	He lumbered toward the door and was quickly outside .
tr	10	" The goal is seamless operation of multiple remote HS units by a human host , " said Jacob .
tr	10	I can get us lost in the mountains , but then what ?
tr	10	So she thought you were drunk because of ze bottle and your breath .
tr	9	It would also tie the WTR to the JP more tightly than any treaty would .
tr	11	I can personally report that there are mob attacks going on .
tr	8	He also kept shoes and coats and foul weather gear in there as well .
tr	8	A few minutes later the boys were paddling with the current back to Tim 's house .
tr	11	I 'm the minister of war , and if His Majesty needs to see anyone right now , it 's me .
tr	5	Can I ask why not ? "
tr	9	He knelt to speak to Leclerc .
tr	8	As the massive cape comes into focus , the inexperienced scout sees his folly far too late .
tr	10	The Oblivion Babes were up front talking about the water battle while Alita and I followed in the rear .
tr	7	From half of each long feather he cut three arrow guides of exactly the same size .
tr	6	" So we wait and watch , " Hawk replied over the secure telephone .
tr	8	Having calmed down a little , they began to scrutinise the other passengers .
tr	10	The cellar was damp befitting the age of the old Lodge .
tr	10	" Of course there are , otherwise the robots wouldn 't be able to survive .
tr	7	After a pretend stretch , I pulled out a butter knife from the drawer and flipped around .
tr	6	At least not the vision of me I carried around in my head .
tr	6	Within minutes the four troopers of Alpha Team silently appeared at his side .
tr	8	Cujo led the way across the bridge and many hugs and back slaps were exchanged .
tr	8	She heard their cries of agony , their grief and their pled for mercy .
tr	11	" Your ' key ' will keep you here if Talisman is taken from you .
tr	8	With any luck we shall just fly out of here , jump through a portal and be back at Sanctuary .
tr	8	We 're going to win .
tr	6	She reflexively smiled back , then yanked her eyes away and increased her pace .
tr	6	" That doesn 't help much . "
tr	9	But it took us some time to come to that place .
tr	6	" I am officially giving my resignation .
tr	6	At that moment a search officer came into the room with a cardboard box .
tr	10	There were safer routes to reach Danton , but the forest was far more direct .
tr	10	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
tr	9	It 's probably not a common item around here " Trudy answered .
tr	6	Kya smiled and holding Aya tighter , got to her feet , now carrying the smaller woman in her arms .
tr	7	I let my fingers brush along her cheek to her neck and pulled her gently to me .
tr	8	The bloody man keeps the staff running to and fro , carrying meals and fetching books .
tr	8	Obviously a carefree spirit , her casual nature speeds Rift to a less panicked state of mind .
tr	9	I reached for the bottle of bourbon and poured another measure into my mug .
tr	8	A voice I hadn 't heard for over half a cycle .
tr	8	Chapter 18 " What were you thinking , Jen ?
tr	8	Gan trimmed the last branches from the trunk , carrying it to the shelter site .
tr	9	Pulling open the door to his small shack , Link isn 't surprised to find Ilia waiting .
tr	8	I 'm reading your telemetry from in here .
tr	8	The shadow of another passing student plunged me back to the present , and I began moving myself .
tr	7	That was the last formal dinner for a while .
tr	8	She stopped short in her ravings and stiffened , straining her ears with painful intensity .
tr	9	I knew she loved me but she never showed it openly .
tr	6	For that moment , I was safe , my husband was home and all was well .
tr	10	Might you consider joining me ? "
tr	11	The second of the two quotes was the one he was thinking of now .
tr	9	The big man looked up from starting a fire and raised an eyebrow at him .
tr	7	He has a bit of a temper . "
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	10	" So be it , " the Goddess concedes , though her expression grows angrier before she vanishes .
tr	10	The two men approached the slit which led to the birth canal .
tr	5	Beyond remorse , beyond pity , beyond judgment , beyond all moral consideration .
tr	6	I cradled his long , thick erection between my legs and rubbed against him , already wet , already willing .
tr	10	It 's gon na be cool , is all . "
tr	10	" Aye , we kept the life in her until she screamed for death as for a bride .
tr	5	' I am , the kitchen 's a disgrace . '
tr	11	He looked at them carefully to ensure he had their attention .
tr	6	A moment later , she reappeared with a crude framed pack over one shoulder .
tr	10	Especially since I have no intention of getting involved in your problems . "
tr	10	Eventually we cascaded down a small rise , him riding on top of me like some primitive sledge .
tr	10	Only a few minutes passed until there was a discrete tapping on the door .
tr	8	I 'll put the coyote on it then turn him around with the blanket . "
tr	7	In the Age of Death , war was the norm , the only real life was that of solitude and death .
tr	11	- Do you want to drink something ?
tr	11	But there was nothing to be done for it .
tr	9	announced Clive as he retreated back to the kitchen .
tr	6	Despite no emergent charismatic leader , or obvious motivating factor , their conscripts fought like zealots .
tr	9	" Hey , Jonesy , this rock looks like the rock Ryan wanted us to find more than any other . "
tr	9	She smiled and waited until the silence was complete .
tr	7	Adele seemed a little taken aback .
tr	8	In an important manner , Riki added , " I found him on the beach .
tr	9	She dropped to her knees , cutting at a plant , ignoring the damp earth staining her skirt .
tr	9	" She might not have known about him you know .
tr	8	Mike had sent him the information for a reason .
tr	8	If they will catch us , we can say good-bye to our future !
tr	7	' Stop talking nonsense , old man , ' he mumbled under his breath .
tr	7	Her mom looked puzzled and answered , " Maybe .
tr	5	Johnnie asked , as willing hands lifted the wrangler down .
tr	10	The princess was insisting of taking a walk over the town .
tr	7	She ran to the bedroom and jerked open the nightstand .
tr	7	The Magnifique 's cannon muzzles directly faced them through the uneven holes on the Tempest 's starboard side .
tr	10	" Should I be extra polite while you 're wearing that thing ? "
tr	10	It hadn 't done that the entire time Mac had been there .
tr	9	Who 'll get us started ?
tr	11	David asked , unsure if his Ivy League alma mater wouldn 't raise even more suspicion .
tr	9	" Besides , she 's old enough to be good company .
tr	9	" I knew I could trust you . "
tr	8	Steve also became quickly aware of the spectators below and the police cars heading their way .
tr	5	" Yup , see that large red cedar right there ?
tr	7	It carried on for a few moments and then another data burst followed .
tr	8	Not here at a busy place like the King 's Arms .
tr	6	' The one and only ' she replied .
tr	6	" It 's the light , " she said , " the fire in the hollow .
tr	9	I needed to get going .
tr	11	Whoever -- or whatever -- was making that breathing noise could be hiding anywhere .
tr	9	Does this look like the house of a retired spy ? "
tr	11	People here had given up on their gardens as even weeds struggled to grow .
tr	11	' It 's like being in the middle of it ! '
tr	9	" I tried to bring the fever on hotter . "
tr	9	" Will you look at that ? "
tr	8	Gema always leading the way ... . .
tr	8	" Yes , like I said , we were born to kill . "
tr	6	Gently taking my hand , she guided me away from the horse to the other women .
tr	11	He realized she wasn 't going divulge her employer , not yet , at least .
tr	7	He opened his eyes , watching me .
tr	8	Said the voice , knocking on the door .
tr	8	He gave his brother a wide eyed glance before crossing mental fingers .
tr	6	Her mother was an Elder elf and her father was a Desert elf . "
tr	11	He put his finger under my chin and lifted my head so I was looking into his eyes .
tr	5	After an awkward pause Old Lachlan , the site foreman , broke the silence .
tr	9	They may drown to death in a few minutes .
tr	6	He 's whole again , he 's here again , he 's my brother , he thought .
tr	8	Chapter 17 Epilogue The bodies of two security men lay dead astride the entrance to number 10 Downing Street .
tr	7	" This shouldn 't have happened , " he says .
tr	11	What made him jump the Mediterranean and land in Africa ?
tr	11	That seemed to be where the man was heading .
tr	9	Rolling his eyes , he turns around and takes the alternate route discovering a juncture with four possibilities .
tr	11	Do you wan na go ? "
tr	7	Taking the old gym bag off the back seat he went into the washroom and locked the door .
tr	6	" Give me your bags , " Mrs. Jones demanded and took their bags .
tr	10	I don 't have much time left in me to play games ! "
tr	11	People might be wondering why we 're not in the streets . '
tr	10	Her breathing came a little easier after making a few random turns , a few stops and starts .
tr	9	Crisp air filled my lungs as I entwined my fingers through the mesh cage .
tr	6	" Jane - " " Admiral Roland , if you please , " she said , sharply .
tr	9	" I thought we could write a story .
tr	11	Leave all that can be spared behind !
tr	5	Missy turned and looked around the attic .
tr	7	That should tell us your maximum thrust needs with a full load .
tr	8	He then unhooked one of his boots from the ski and placed it just above the snow .
tr	10	He must fear a great assault upon his realm and can wait no longer for the crystal to be found . "
tr	9	" We immediately should increase surveillance on George here , Robbie McElroy , Colonel Gurney and Jennings , " said David .
tr	7	When the bear growled again there was less fierceness in it .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	8	Jessica fretted after only fifteen seconds had passed .
tr	10	But that was just one out of dozens of problems you caused me .
tr	8	There 's prize money , and if I win , you can have it all . "
tr	7	He wished he hadn 't .
tr	10	Sarah nodded as if it made a lot of sense .
tr	9	Asst. Fowler nodded , then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled the incision open .
tr	11	I got up and sharply kicked one to fall clumsily on the other but now I needed to bail .
tr	11	" You didn 't think I noticed you staring at her ? "
tr	10	" Do a Filomena , can you please pray for another friend of mine ? "
tr	9	The walls of the freezer seemed to close in on me .
tr	8	" Yes , " smiled Scarborough , " But how does he carry it ? "
tr	7	" PUBLIC HEALTH CITATION , " repeated the protestors , scratching at themselves furiously .
tr	6	" Hm , the thought never crossed my mind , " Lilly Ann answered surprised .
tr	6	The peculiar feeling of presentiment grew stronger at his words .
tr	11	They reached an opening where several huts stood close by with a larger one in the middle .
tr	9	And besides , all we 'll be doing is observing them . "
tr	11	" It 's like the earth itself is alive , " said Frank .
tr	6	" Not much of one , I admit ... but hey , he 's still alive .
tr	6	The blond girl wore a tiny blue dress and matching sweater and a sparkling pink bracelet .
tr	8	A dream for one can be a dream for all . "
tr	11	We 'll have to toss him in with the others .
tr	8	" Thanks , " she whispered before I closed off her mouth again .
tr	8	Each time they did so their appearance and even their clothing changed completely .
tr	11	Mariposa had trouble understanding the Mouse was describing the aged female Tarantula .
tr	6	We couldn 't , we mustn 't let the other twin die .
tr	6	Normally the temperature in the house was hot and dry , but not tonight .
tr	9	" Truth is , I never expected to survive this , not really .
tr	11	" This has something to do with Jacob , does it not ? "
tr	8	The man had a spear point protruding from his back .
tr	6	Already a tall and intimidating man , the bulging vein in his massively over-sized neck only increased his daunting appearance .
tr	8	Archie called out to the men in the rear of the shop .
tr	5	' Oh dear lord , oh dear lord , oh dear lord . '
tr	9	This had to stop and it had to stop right now .
tr	6	Very strong , very scary , she makes quite the challenge , quite the test . "
tr	7	You 're just helping us with our enquiries .
tr	7	" Mercedes , you must stop moving ! "
tr	10	" I wish you wouldn 't do that , my sweet . "
tr	8	Andy , my boy , get those maps of yours out and we 'll compare them to my charts . "
tr	6	Suddenly , the dog stood up , growled , and yelped a single time .
tr	10	I think I stopped breathing then .
tr	9	said Archie as he grabbed Andy by the arm .
tr	7	" Don 't worry about that .
tr	9	A single question now occupied my mind , far ahead of the queue of others .
tr	10	They started with relays : girls in one lane , boys in the next , alternating for each age group .
tr	11	Do you know what time it is ? "
tr	10	I am in command and I 'm ordering you to open this door . "
tr	8	There 's no use of me n -- ... " " Cut that off !
tr	9	" He 'll have Ben 's eye out at this rate , " Mama said sadly .
tr	10	The cruiser was almost completed and it served as the viewing platform for today 's launch .
tr	8	However , due to the lack of oxygen , I ended up passing out into a weird dream .
tr	10	But she tripped over whatever she had just run into .
tr	8	It appeared as if the women were arguing .
tr	9	Listen to those girls over there and tell me what they 're saying ! "
tr	7	He still insists on long sleeves and pants even though I know .
tr	9	You 're scared to admit it .
tr	6	After a few minutes , she turned off the water and grabbed her towel .
tr	10	People thought I was saying one like the number .
tr	10	' You just jumped from an exploding aircraft into the twelfth floor of a skyscraper .
tr	7	" Are you ok ? "
tr	5	" I demand some appreciation .
tr	11	" Do you guys feel like something is off ? "
tr	9	She who lives by the bomb ?
tr	11	It had to come from out of the past .
tr	8	Not knowing his whereabouts was difficult but they could only remain calm , waiting .
tr	9	Another mile through the trail put them in the middle of town , one block from school .
tr	6	Sunday jumped off the bicycle , her excitement was not yet wearing off .
tr	5	Suddenly , the dragon 's eyes opened .
tr	9	" Rosemary will post an article about Tori being a survivor and it 's full of lies .
tr	9	You even get to introduce the chancellor , " Quinton says with glee .
tr	11	Alejo resisted the urge to sink back down onto the bed , depressed .
tr	9	It was a thought he shook off quickly .
tr	5	Pots , pans , trays , cutlery , foil , and scraps littered the kitchen .
tr	7	I said full of amazed .
tr	6	" Yes , the scourge of the galaxy is of our insidious making .
tr	6	The light vanished and reappeared , still circling , in the sacred cave on the mountain .
tr	6	He then holds the pistols out away from his body , at the ready .
tr	10	" I 've seen that bear a few times before , " Chet commented .
tr	7	" Yeah , the zombie horde changed pretty much everything overnight , " said Ted .
tr	6	' Did he now , and what was that Mr Reynolds ? '
tr	8	A young girl stood crying behind a tree .
tr	9	But this thing can 't be acceptable in God 's eyes .
tr	6	It helped a little , but he was still shivering .
tr	11	Praying to the deity he was told would save him from any peril .
tr	7	His friend had paled dramatically , and he flexed restless fingers against the hilt .
tr	11	We find a little area with a few rock outcroppings to sit on .
tr	7	Most of the trees had lost their leaves , and the days were gray and cool .
tr	10	Neither of us can predict how you 'll take it . '
tr	8	He stood still and listened , peering into the shadows .
tr	5	One curves over his shoulder , the other spans his chest .
tr	6	Most Shadowhunters stood , like Jace and Alec , with their hands halfway to their weapons .
tr	10	She looked the same as the day she 'd vanished .
tr	7	" Yeah ... but ... oh never mind , " muttered Tasha , and slowly backed up .
tr	11	Connor started walking toward Billy before Andre stepped in front of him .
tr	5	" All the tables have straps and restraints .
tr	7	She shows her mouth , filled with razor sharp teeth , blood oozes out of her mouth .
tr	9	He stopped pulling on the huge log to pause and think a minute .
tr	7	" Of course , Johnny , we 're mated , we always talk . "
tr	10	" I need to learn to fight . "
tr	11	Unfortunately , of his thousands upon thousands of years of life , only forty of them had been spent awake .
tr	7	I 'm great with dogs , by the way .
tr	10	If we should meet any trouble there will be little time to avoid it . "
tr	10	I took my chances and I grabbed what I wanted from the table .
tr	5	For all you healthy people out there bring your own lunch . "
tr	7	" I did , " hissed the sorcerer in contempt , " but that little matter will soon be rectified .
tr	9	She took him to the corner of her one room apartment and pulled over a stool .
tr	10	Her face became hard and her lips tightened as she mentioned her son 's name .
tr	10	The incoming projectile must have impacted a round from one of our Vulcans . "
tr	9	It means this is mean old Texas mesquite dirt .
tr	9	' What 's illegal about buying vinyl ? '
tr	7	As time went by , Simon 's childhood memories were becoming less lucid and more infrequent .
tr	10	Although those had never been made public .
tr	8	What I did to her I don 't know .
tr	6	" No , their brothers , Lonnie and Ricky . "
tr	5	Four hours later , she and John finished their dinner alone .
tr	11	" It means there is nobody here to stop us ! "
tr	6	Any longer out in those conditions ... ' ' Yeah , ' Billy interrupted .
tr	9	My second surprise was who entered next ; the pretty receptionist with the seductive peepers .
tr	8	" A force beyond even that of the Triforce . "
tr	8	They shared a meal , warm and filling and settled in for the night .
tr	7	" Why are you lying to me Abby ? "
tr	6	" Warrior , I 'm so sorry , " the doctor replies .
tr	5	Wolf Eyes only had his war club and hunting knife left .
tr	6	My priority was finding Malcolm .
tr	8	He dropped into the saddle , and without another word , continued the march west .
tr	10	Simon sat quietly watching his mother in one of her regular sad daydreams .
tr	7	Throwing aside any dirty clothes , I dug around in my closet and found the box .
tr	10	shouted VIN his eyes now glued to the thruster on his side .
tr	5	In an objective sense , this was all very intriguing .
tr	7	Rafe shook his head , his shoulders sloping tiredly .
tr	11	As soon as he had sat down an endless barrage of drinking toasts ensued .
tr	9	Yes , he reminded himself forcefully , in spite of all that , he was still a Prince .
tr	8	The boat was no longer moving on her lines and patches of bright blue sky were appearing .
tr	9	After a few minutes , I stepped lightly down the stairs and into the crowd on the platform .
tr	8	Not scraps like it 's been eating , but real food . "
tr	9	As long as you explain what 's going on .
tr	5	She hardly slept a wink that night .
tr	6	In the dark tunnel , they wrapped around each other , sharing emotions at a level deeper than anyone else .
tr	10	I need you to take Sky and It 's malignant , they 're going to operate tomorrow .
tr	9	When Jeff pulled in the driveway a few minutes later , everything seemed calm .
tr	10	As they drove into the village in the Land Rover Jen could see that George had been quite right .
tr	7	My name is Betta , by the by .
tr	8	According to the instructions Boris will be asleep for 2 to 3 hours .
tr	6	" That 's not good , " Mai mumbles to herself before answering .
tr	9	' I 'd rather Tomas did the explaining , ' he said tiredly .
tr	8	" Try what you like , then . "
tr	8	She could feel the silk lining in each but the left one had a small tear in the seam .
tr	9	John said through a yawn as he sat up in bed .
tr	10	" I wonder where we have to go ? "
tr	9	If this works , sixteen other crews have a much better chance of making it home .
tr	11	Do you love knowing nothing ? "
tr	5	" You saved my life .
tr	6	Were they still talking about me ?
tr	9	This was where he 'd kept our disguises .
tr	10	Said you 've got a travel problem with this boy . "
tr	11	There was his married life , and the day to day grind of going to work .
tr	9	" So you don 't want to kill him anymore ? "
tr	5	A train rolled in , fast , long , loud , hissing and squealing .
tr	10	The best way to keep it safe is by keeping it secret .
tr	8	I feel his energy flare before he corrals it down .
tr	10	His heart had begun to hammer faster , and where their hands touched a fiery warmth had sprung up .
tr	7	A devious smile slides across her face , and she gestures to just over the hill with her head .
tr	6	" What do you think , Daddy ? "
tr	10	Wolf Eyes put his left hand on the back of Red Talon 's neck and held down .
tr	8	" You know , I feel a little strange sitting in a room alone , talking to myself . "
tr	10	" She 's not doing the things that Billy usually does with women . "
tr	9	He laughed and ran to grab it .
tr	7	It was Carter , and she was pale , fists bunched at her sides .
tr	8	Everyone 's heads snapped up , searching the heavens and Dane yelled " Where , which direction ? "
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	7	In their private room , the anger developing in Julia finally released itself .
tr	7	" I 'm kind of worried ... " Rick started .
tr	6	By accident , of course , but we still destroyed it . "
tr	9	" I suppose the price would be higher then . "
tr	10	Didn 't he have an uncle lived to seventy years with two bullets in ' im ?
tr	9	" What do you mean they deposited them ? "
tr	9	" Why do think I should do that ? "
tr	8	A muffled snort sounded from beneath the cloak , and Adele laughed .
tr	10	There was the sound of the man hitting something , and then a fading shriek .
tr	7	" Come here , I 'll show you , " she finally agreed .
tr	8	Mike smiled and got one back , so he proceeded with his idea and put an innocent question to him .
tr	10	We could set up a listening post on the border ... ... . .
tr	10	Hey , I don 't make the weather , she thought , tossing them a spray of seed which they ignored .
tr	8	" God still loves you , son , and wants the best for you .
tr	11	Fighting erupted along the southern borders of Russia and though she tried to remain neutral was soon embroiled in the struggle .
tr	5	" Yeah , listen , Hank gave you a couple days off , right ? "
tr	8	I like to help people .
tr	7	You have read my book , haven 't you ?
tr	6	" Well , it is very possible , " Dan said at the same time .
tr	7	I took a shower , dressed the wound in my chest , and went to bed .
tr	6	" One , two , three , four I declare a thumb war , " Mike said .
tr	11	A great wooden wall blocked all inward passage but the pines were tall enough to stretch above it .
tr	7	My resentment is gooey and heavy and black like tar .
tr	9	" Of course , " Daniel said and picked up two of Tori 's bags .
tr	7	" You lived too long with Rafe , Rand , " he chuckled .
tr	11	Because sometimes , we do need to shoot people .
tr	9	I put him in it , cleaned him up as much as I could , and left him there . "
tr	6	' Sometimes , good people do evil things , and sometimes evil people do good things .
tr	5	Finally , at one point the trail split left and right .
tr	8	Prisoners weren 't just passed around like cigarettes , they always came with paper .
tr	9	" I am glad to hear that . "
tr	11	When we 're told to do something we may either accept or reject the order .
tr	6	" With respect , professor , I did more than that at Austin .
tr	11	" Did you happen to see where my satchel went , Hagan ? "
tr	9	" Kyiv is big and small at same time ... " Gennady started to close the hatch .
tr	7	Each step forward was becoming more and more difficult .
tr	6	' Stop arguing , ' said Sally , ' Preston 's getting up today . '
tr	9	Her whole body ached to tell him everything would be okay , to please not fret .
tr	11	Mama sought advice from her own mother , who was so worried about her children and grandchildren .
tr	9	Riki said , stretching her eyes at him and moving her head back and forth on her shoulders .
tr	6	" My dear , are you okay ? "
tr	10	" Is that going to be enough ?
tr	6	" Just the three , " he whispered , " The others take recreation within the great hall . "
tr	11	We don 't even know what we will find or what we are looking for . "
tr	7	Serge , still in his hotel suite , picked up the house phone and bellowed at the concierge .
tr	9	If that happened , I would have to reboot and start all over again .
tr	10	The offer lights up the kid 's plain face , his round orange eyes growing wide at the prospect .
tr	8	It was like a flash grenade mixed with a flare only times ten .
tr	11	A man , dressed all in black , was struggling with Logan -- who clutched a bleeding arm .
tr	11	You should be able to get this NET asset through the security .
tr	7	" Are you losing your grip , honey ? "
tr	8	" You look great , " Lisa complements , trying her best to smile .
tr	11	Hardly anything remained of the bodies but bones , scattered over the village .
tr	6	Forgive my boldness , please , but ... that seems very soon .
tr	5	Why was his confidence not shaken ?
tr	9	It seemed strange pulling up outside the hostel , alone in the Skoda .
tr	10	Initially the secret service thought that they would simply let the boy go .
tr	9	She suddenly had the energy to get up .
tr	11	Ted noticed for the first time that it was turning into a really beautiful fall day .
tr	10	Slowly and steadily she 'd felt herself being pulled back up by her tail onto the coping .
tr	7	Six against two , and what looked like experienced soldiers against an old man and a young boy .
tr	10	" You don 't have to defend me from that goon . "
tr	8	I felt the punishment fit the crime .
tr	9	Daylight 's burning , " Navi calls , circling the path exiting through the trees .
tr	6	" I do , " he replied " But how ?
tr	8	" It won 't work , of course , and that means a run on the French banks . "
tr	10	Tim thought Andy would be expelled , but somehow he stayed on .
tr	5	And in every other city and town it 's the same story .
tr	9	Now go and do as he says , or he will kill you . "
tr	6	A steady rain fell , but nothing like the night before .
tr	7	The meal bell reverberated through the ship and he walked down the steps off the bridge .
tr	11	He couldn 't understand what she wanted to say .
tr	7	After his speech , he pulled Tuck and me aside and put it to us bluntly .
tr	5	" Oh , bother , " said Stanley , his heart sinking .
tr	9	She had to be getting drunk .
tr	8	I 'll follow through the back ... you guys ready ?
tr	8	When he opened them again , the change in their expression caused Claire to catch her breath .
tr	11	" Maybe the problem is that you need meaning behind the name .
tr	10	" Where do you think you 're going Hunter ? "
tr	8	" Mark my words , that staff captain is pushing a whiny complaint straight to the top . "
tr	10	" By the way , do you have any ideas for a name ? "
tr	9	Why you act like this with me ? "
tr	5	" Why , our engagement , of course , " Phillip replied blandly .
tr	8	As strange as such a thing would be , Elaina didn 't doubt him .
tr	8	David was dark haired like his mother and not terribly reflective .
tr	8	" This is grandma underwear , " I whine , tossing the pack away from me .
tr	10	Maybe they 'd returned for their sweaters before going back out to dinner .
tr	8	Durham 's eyes narrowed dangerously , and Davin took a step backwards in response to that glare .
tr	9	He was in a hospital room surrounded by equipment .
tr	6	How can I learn this ?
tr	11	The little Roman girl spat and sputtered and angrily glared at Rick , " What was that for ? "
tr	7	* * * First I made a call to the massage parlour .
tr	11	Calvin 's reverie broke hearing Danny 's recorded voice leaping out at him .
tr	7	Without street signs and landmarks , their only navigational aid during the day was the sun 's position in the sky .
tr	7	How could Malcolm betray me like that ?
tr	9	Of course , that they were real silver and real gold was only a guess .
tr	8	For the first time in many hours they saw the sun and its warmth lifted their spirits .
tr	8	As in Hangar Six , the craft had several white coats working outside and inside each one .
tr	5	" A common response , and a real threat , " Mr. Dart said .
tr	10	He is the man who force fed her multiple times a day for many , many days .
tr	7	" Well , very nice to meet you Andrew , " he said .
tr	7	For one thing , she had a PhD in predictive analytics from MIT .
tr	8	She just wanted Toby to lead a normal life now .
tr	10	" Since when does Essa get excited about anything that she can 't put in her mouth ? "
tr	9	" You 're wounded , " she said , " you need to be in the infirmary ! "
tr	9	Someone who 's been there .
tr	8	I hadn 't arrived in Sleaford under the radar and I wasn 't leaving under it neither .
tr	6	You 'll be fine . "
tr	11	Mr Judge has assured me that you can leave here unhindered .
tr	7	" No , although I am sure I would have found another way .
tr	9	I cheered as loudly as any when you moved from student to Dervish .
tr	8	Hell , his first girlfriend was the little sister of one of his brother 's friends .
tr	7	A shapeshifter would be child 's play .
tr	11	If even one strike made it to her he would never be able live with himself .
tr	7	When they reached the squat cinder block building , Melody ducked inside immediately .
tr	5	Now , she was just plain irate .
tr	9	† † † Every day they passed each other on the deck .
tr	7	Most times when he opened his eyes he just groaned in pain and quickly fell back into the soothing darkness .
tr	9	Jacob was excited , and she was happy for him , proud of all his achievements , but scared for Toby .
tr	6	But I stubbornly shook my head no , and I had good reason to .
tr	6	Alejo remembered her , the sister closest to him in age .
tr	5	" But even if it does -- " " Thanks , " she said .
tr	10	I 've won a full smile from him , fading quick , stirring those chills inside me .
tr	5	All the hard work , the vision , was you , Katie . "
tr	6	His mom would be so proud .
tr	6	We lived in the country side , isolated and away from any other living humans .
tr	8	" It would not be right , you having only the second best , " she protested .
tr	5	That was , I think , your only real mistake here . "
tr	10	They featured swelling projections on the forward edge that reminded her of mumps .
tr	9	But they knew they were being followed .
tr	11	Jack and Jo Jack had silently emerged from between the trees and found the boy contemplating the airplane in awe .
tr	10	To me , this had always sounded like propaganda to puff up the subject 's ego and reputation .
tr	7	So on day one in the new school I packed my new flick knife from the Spartan guy .
tr	9	" I assume it was a prisoner , yes ?
tr	11	You know not to rush across the road like that . "
tr	7	" I 'm staying here , " Maggie said , sudden strength in her voice .
tr	7	He handed it to her , and she disappeared around the counter .
tr	10	" I would like to see your country sometime , " she exclaimed .
tr	7	" Kwanzaa is a culturally rich celebration of our ancient African heritage ! "
tr	10	Dad got lost after mom died .
tr	8	He thought that this room was special .
tr	6	He took a deep breath and sighed , came over and gave Karla a hug .
tr	7	And I need to eat .
tr	7	" But it may , close the grounds and have all staff to bunkers in a drill . "
tr	7	I directed the arrow over the jpeg file and clicked the mouse once .
tr	9	He feels himself flying through space and passing through solid rock .
tr	9	He followed the boys once , but he must have lost them after the fight .
tr	8	Suddenly , an elderly man burst through the door , gasping for air , with a wild look in his eyes .
tr	8	he said calmly , and Air disappeared , from his grasp and from his lungs .
tr	6	" I am sorry , Brand , " she said softly .
tr	8	A chill ran through his bones , and it wasn 't caused by the snow or wind .
tr	8	He 's put a lot of time and energy into this problem . "
tr	7	' I will , I will , ' Calvin said his teeth chattering again .
tr	11	They spoke of some sort of stirring within them .
tr	9	Interested in what you have here , Mr ... ? "
tr	10	" If you wanted to get her something I 'd suggest a pair of jeans with an elastic waist though .
tr	8	Curious as to the mention of my name , I left the office , gently closing the door behind me .
tr	8	Normally it took about an hour and a half from door to door but today he was in no hurry .
tr	8	Quick someone take a picture with me in front of the sea lion ! "
tr	10	I am really sorry to hear that ... " Sheena interrupted .
tr	10	Noah bit down once more upon the Cricket to taunt the large Lizard .
tr	9	" I hear you Pierre , but we need to get her back .
tr	9	He said it kept everyone guessing .
tr	10	She felt short of breath , as if a giant were sitting on her chest .
tr	11	The whistle blared again as the train prepared to get underway .
tr	8	She asked , " What were you in the Navy ? "
tr	11	I can sense that you 're upset about something .
tr	6	' The Right Honourable Rebecca Stansfield and Miss Moira Stansfield , ' Charlton said , and he walked off .
tr	5	Now , to his mind , the pros outweighed the cons .
tr	10	Gerry and Mr. Stefano were the only other two who knew of the route ! "
tr	11	I 'm going to photograph everything we think necessary . "
tr	9	That service has been the most distinct and greatest honor of my life .
tr	10	I just carried on pulling Preston towards the house .
tr	9	I glanced out of the window as we drove past a small hamlet .
tr	5	" Is he here ? "
tr	8	asked Finan by no means taken in .
tr	7	After that , you had access to their friends and networks .
tr	8	If I ever get married at all , that is . "
tr	8	" I 'll tell you in a minute , " Taylor chuckled , " go ahead . "
tr	11	" It seems the Tome has developed a life of its own . "
tr	9	Neil rolled his eyes , but he couldn 't help grinning back .
tr	9	The prisoner whispered out of the side of his mouth , " I 'll distract him .
tr	7	" Go ahead , " Anderson said with a resigned tone and sat back in his chair .
tr	9	Time itself seems to slip in this critical moment .
tr	8	Find its nature in yourself -- find your power . "
tr	6	" Alan Boxer , you really almost screwed things up for your Nightmare Child , you know that ? "
tr	8	" You may set her on the chair there , I don 't mind the mess . "
tr	7	' What 'd you do after that ? '
tr	10	Unsure of what to say , they followed Lucas .
tr	11	She heard him speak to Seamus : " I knew I shouldn 't have said anything .
tr	11	He said they were to be feared .
tr	5	" Oh , the Clave , " said Scott , as if deadly bored .
tr	7	" What about weapons George ? "
tr	6	He was jogging his normal route .
tr	10	" If the war is to be over , then it is to be over for everyone . "
tr	8	" You don 't , " answered Brazen as he snubbed his cigarette out against the wall .
tr	9	She has tried trading for other units but the exact same thing happens .
tr	11	I whisper , afraid I might scare her .
tr	5	Despite his age he was well built and muscular .
tr	7	' These are the codes for my accounts .
tr	7	Woodpecker wound up his Big Ostrich Country affairs and set himself on a trip to White Eagle country .
tr	11	' Not really , ' I murmured , my fingers sliding over the reassuring weights of the blades at my waist .
tr	6	South Texas Francisco de la Garza was completely numb from the bitter cold .
tr	10	I haven 't got time to waste on you .
tr	8	You 're as pathetic as my brother was .
tr	7	But he couldn 't do it this time , his mind kept working .
tr	9	Oh yeah , I forgot you can 't read , " Atticus said .
tr	11	I think they have finally had enough of her .
tr	9	Toby stayed behind , looking around the lobby , thinking .
tr	5	It just fit ... ... ... . .
tr	8	No wonder I 'm tired .
tr	8	As for you : get out of the country for a while .
tr	6	" I shall steady you . "
tr	7	The fire below illuminated an circle twenty paces across , and fourteen men lounged in its flickering light .
tr	9	He heard the noise from below in time to clear young Squirrels out of the way .
tr	11	It doesn 't work where you secular people live .
tr	7	" We will discuss this no further , " he decreed .
tr	11	I have to go to work now .
tr	11	Opening his mouth he felt exposed hearing his voice without the chorus of the group .
tr	8	We were frozen to the spot , our gaze transfixed on the military machine .
tr	5	On the other side , four men and three women were seated .
tr	8	as he glares at Pierre .
tr	7	He raised a hand in farewell and gathered up his briefcase and wheeled bag .
tr	7	With an almost imperceptible movement of his hand , he reined his own horse toward the corral .
tr	9	Brilliant streaks of fire lanced down to pulverize the enemy position in short bursts .
tr	7	This made their footsteps sound particularly loud .
tr	9	The sound of shattering glass and cracking plastic snapped him back to reality .
tr	11	They began to hope they had truly escaped .
tr	8	" She wasn 't talking about that , " Maya says .
tr	7	His head down , he stood there for a while ; after a deep sigh , he walked away .
tr	6	" I feel so sorry for that little girl . "
tr	8	Who the hell knew , it even smelled musty , " like some of the people here .
tr	6	The tiny recording mech bobbed up and down silently , its little green light beeping , indicating it was still recording .
tr	10	As his head cleared the sensations of his throbbing body invaded his brain and he was able to feel his limbs .
tr	6	Captain le Roux came to the couple with questioning brows .
tr	8	It made him resentful to the whole absurd idea all over again .
tr	9	" I 'm trusting you with control of the portals .
tr	11	The foothills of these mountains are not too difficult and should provide us with any cover we need .
tr	8	The swelling has to go down first . "
tr	6	" Oh my noble Boye , my friend Boye , those men down there have no hearts ! "
tr	7	The thoughts pouring from her mind were so basic and simple , easy to comprehend .
tr	11	I 'd climb ten mountains to help you , especially knowing you 're pregnant .
tr	10	Landon left off his prowling to keep her on her feet .
tr	7	" I know , dear , I know , " Davis said , patting her back lightly .
tr	9	I walked to the middle of the gangway , locked the carabiner onto the handrail and climbed over .
tr	6	In the end , the former won out and she opened her eyes slowly .
tr	8	Uh , what 's your name sir ? "
tr	10	He said , " Hey , I thought we had things straightened out . "
tr	9	The room was brightly painted but quiet , seemingly insulated from the rest of the building .
tr	10	" What if something were to happen to you ?
tr	7	" Looks like about a .22 , " Dr. Warner informed .
tr	8	Awareness and remembrance seeped into her brain on waves of pain .
tr	8	Another door swings open , and another vast chasm is crossed with relative ease .
tr	6	Still , he kept a wide berth from her after that .
tr	6	" I am sorry , my lord , " the unruffled man said gravely .
tr	11	" It smells like someone set Chaz Bono on fire , " Goodspeed said .
tr	7	Small lamps dotted the walls , casting shadows .
tr	11	It only needs to be the two of us , that way we get more profit . "
tr	6	Rafe frowned and refused the libation .
tr	6	The ongoing surveillance , on the other hand , was a little trickier .
tr	5	Where the hell was a frying pan ?
tr	10	He looked up from where he was untying his blanket roll , rising gracefully to his feet .
tr	8	Gan went to his father , sitting beside him once again .
tr	7	Why was Noah on his knees ?
tr	6	Sweat dripped down my arms and neck in small rivulets .
tr	5	" The men are ready , Finan . "
tr	7	The first one made sense to Sky , but the logistics of the second had him at a loss .
tr	8	John looked up from grooming his dog .
tr	10	I 'd fall backwards , and the current would envelop me and wash off the dirt and grime from the day .
tr	10	Soon everyone was in a terrible state , with only myself , Kayla and Alfonso to tend to the sick .
tr	8	She felt alone for the first time in her life .
tr	8	All seams vanished as if on command , forming a smooth surface .
tr	5	" Did you watch the game this weekend ? "
tr	10	" Nat said he 'd get back to us . "
tr	10	" Let 's wait and see what they do . "
tr	11	Are you telling me one fire alarm is talking to another fire alarm ?
tr	7	' You might as well get to the point .
tr	8	That night , they had a meal fit for the world 's most decadent glutton .
tr	9	" However , I highly recommend you don 't do that ever again . "
tr	8	" Do you really think that ? "
tr	10	' Are you going to answer the question ? '
tr	6	The entry road was more a path for farm tractors than automobiles .
tr	10	... you lie for a living you over-inflated egomaniac !
tr	9	He 'd never seen so many people , not even in the vibrant Free Beirut of his childhood .
tr	8	Come to think of it , she hadn 't said much about her past experiences with Russia .
tr	10	He did want to go .
tr	8	" Oh , okay , it 's just that you look so familiar .
tr	7	He had even written books on such things .
tr	10	His chocolate eyes were kind , but reflected pain as he turned them on me .
tr	7	" What do you suggest we do , boy ? "
tr	11	One whole wall contained numerous panes which provided an expansive view of the palace grounds .
tr	5	" Oh , mostly eyeballs and worms , " Stave grinned .
tr	8	" And then we could talk a bit more about Spy Games this weekend .
tr	8	It was shockingly peaceful and still compared to just moments before .
tr	9	He wondered sadly if some of them were his students .
tr	10	The shadows in the wood were getting longer , but she had no idea how far they 'd gone .
tr	6	The night before , they set up a camp with your King just above here .
tr	10	" It 's a long story , Rick , a story that goes back years .
tr	11	It was just before they reached the logging road when Sidney spoke .
tr	7	The barrel of Atticus 's gun protruded out of the cloth , silencer and all .
tr	10	" It 's my turn to ask you something . "
tr	11	I thought something had happened to you or Riki .
tr	10	Mike looked up at Pete , whose attention had suddenly piqued .
tr	8	The king of thieves ' eyelid completes its descent , and the fraction of an instant has passed .
tr	6	" Hello , Rho , " the Queen reciprocates with a genuine smile .
tr	7	Eda moaned and pulled the cloak up over her head .
tr	7	Without warning , he turned to his left and bolted down the street .
tr	9	The room was at the top of an extremely tall house .
tr	6	A great tail and wings sprouted from his back .
tr	11	He saw his reaction mirrored in that of the passengers .
tr	8	Seconds after we started running , flames ignited the liquid trail to the fuel tank .
tr	10	I knew I hadn 't gone insane .
tr	7	You could have blocked them !
tr	9	They had come too far , struggled too long to back away .
tr	5	On a good day the round trip takes a full four hours .
tr	10	Are you so terrible that you deserve that world alive and dead ? "
tr	10	This was a tough pill to swallow for Taylor .
tr	8	Elaina didn 't know how true that was .
tr	10	Like you , I think it 's amazing that these places stock so much booze .
tr	6	There were several cans , red clay flower pots , a rusty saw and a bench with cardboard boxes .
tr	10	We 'll need you to get through this . "
tr	9	He opened the closet and crept up to the side of the bed .
tr	8	" I want to see everything .
tr	8	He paused for a moment to find the right words .
tr	8	" What you want to know ? "
tr	10	Because it 's supposed to happen .
tr	6	She 'd cut her hair short ... .
tr	10	She hated the feeling of being around Mia .
tr	7	I wrap my arms around my body and weep .
tr	7	" Don 't you ever look at your time , Alex ? "
tr	8	Each animal that was killed was made total use of , with no parts wasted .
tr	8	I have almost thirty trained and armed men in addition to their families .
tr	7	From there , he had a good vantage of the air traffic in and out of the civil field .
tr	5	" Are we almost there ? "
tr	7	At the sound of the explosion , neither Joe nor Jake even blinked .
tr	11	The European found himself lying on the floor staring at one of the couch legs .
tr	8	Finally , she found the box of cake mix and started reading the directions .
tr	9	The downspouts from both rain gutters joined in a Y and went into the top of the cylinder .
tr	10	That was all there was to it .
tr	7	Within minutes the boys had attached the sail , loading water and other provisions onto the boat .
tr	7	Defeated , he looked down at me and showed me the box .
tr	8	She could not have seen it earlier .
tr	9	They leaned back to look at each other .
tr	11	Sweat rolled down Reid 's face above me : he looked as exhausted as I felt .
tr	6	Shame unfurls in my chest .
tr	8	Out of options , he plants a foot on the ledge and prepares to jump .
tr	7	Living life to the fullest is a claim he , and he alone can make .
tr	11	Where I came from , why you spend so much time with me , " said William .
tr	7	He wiped his mouth with a large , intricately embroidered napkin .
tr	11	He knew this day may come , whether it would be in his lifetime , he did not know .
tr	9	Hers , entreating him to stay with her willingly .
tr	7	Malcolm called out , " I found something .
tr	7	The hallway leading out from the elevator was lined with plain tile .
tr	10	She had forgotten how hot and humid it could be , she almost found it refreshing .
tr	7	He looked east , across the placid waters , through the lazy river fog , and admired the rosy sunrise .
tr	11	I said , " With all the crap going on this week we haven 't had time to plan anything . "
tr	8	I ask you to forgive me . "
tr	9	" No " I responded while still moving toward my destiny with death .
tr	10	I walked outside to a street filled with people all on their way .
tr	6	came Rick 's voice from the basement .
tr	6	" Hey , Colt , your mic 's not on , " the lead singer said to the guitarist .
tr	11	Why wasn 't I even informed to expect your return , as instructed ? "
tr	5	" ... No , not really , " said Glock .
tr	8	In response , the man spun to face us .
tr	8	She concludes , following with an equally powerful backhand .
tr	10	I asked , starting to get frustrated .
tr	11	The dinner was one of the best they had ever had .
tr	8	he asked , smiling a welcome to Sarah .
tr	6	For this reason alone , I fall wildly in love with him .
tr	10	" If she takes in too much energy , she 'll lose control and be too strong to stop .
tr	6	I wanted anything blue , not pink .
tr	9	Do you want to ? "
tr	6	He always sat with his back to the wall .
tr	7	Yet if the rebellion was not decimated , the whole Empire would grow unstable .
tr	7	The grove failed to appear .
tr	7	Kim put her arm around Andy and gave him a small hug .
tr	10	Perhaps it would even be wrong to do so .
tr	8	Those neighbors couldn 't save your parents , but they cared for you until I returned . "
tr	8	I heard the noise right before you stormed the office .
tr	8	Was he trying to blackmail the Prince ?
tr	10	Then they headed over to Hangar Six , where a dozen scientists were all over the shuttle .
tr	11	I think now is as good a time as any to make my escape .
tr	8	" I 'll keep your secrets , but I won 't benefit from them . "
tr	6	" Review your safety protocols -- it 's all there ! "
tr	10	Boxed in , Mark knew he was in for something .
tr	9	If you must use ' Your Majesty , ' save it for the crowds . "
tr	11	He coughed , trying to clear phlegm from his throat .
tr	9	He realized that the explanation sounded rather thin even to him .
tr	5	" Close your eyes , " he says , and I do .
tr	7	There was only one other exit on the thirteenth floor .
tr	7	His own eyelids felt heavy in the dim room with the scented smoke and muffled echoes .
tr	9	I voted to keep going .
tr	11	" You can tell us what happened you know .
tr	11	Oh that reminded where was he ?
tr	5	Rescued and rescuers , we breathed the musty , damp air .
tr	7	Beverly frowns , looks to her boots then glances back up at her former Captain , pursing her lips .
tr	8	" That is why the secrecy is so tight here .
tr	8	It was Matthew who answered .
tr	9	I was glad to hear that .
tr	9	The Prince threw his hands up in the air in exasperation , his nerves making him easily perturbed .
tr	11	Do you want something to drink ? "
tr	7	At the seaside , after Jesus rose again , he brought Peter back .
tr	6	A sharp crack sounded in the clearing .
tr	6	" You will be careful ? "
tr	11	" Seriously though I ' m actually a consultant or observer as I ' m sure someone is going to explain .
tr	6	' Tend to the wounded , ' he finally said softly .
tr	9	At least it was getting warmer the further they went .
tr	11	He paused a moment before catching Chris 's eye and telling him he 'd make a pirate out of him yet .
tr	10	That 's what we need to remember . "
tr	6	" What are you doing here ? "
tr	6	This payment , in the end , caused all the problems .
tr	8	" Walking 's good for you , " Melody nodded , smiling .
tr	6	" I just got here , " she answered .
tr	7	We took long walks beside the creek at dusk , and he told me about his life at his home village .
tr	9	" I have never noticed that you lack a thing .
tr	8	Her voice was calm but filled with warning .
tr	10	" Are you done being stupid ? "
tr	8	" Afraid not , " the man sighs , shaking his head at the welcome alternative .
tr	7	He did it to Martin , and we 'll offer him the same . "
tr	7	The blue eyes so alike to mine widened slightly .
tr	10	Maybe what was needed was some objectivity ?
tr	6	Her hair fell forward and covered one breast .
tr	10	No rational person is going to argue sand tastes good .
tr	9	He seemed to be watching her .
tr	8	Theirs was bits of rock expertly fit together , yours is a single piece !
tr	7	" Besides , those jerks left me feeling pretty crabby . "
tr	7	" I will win no matter what , " I whispered to myself and zoned out into sleep .
tr	10	He ponders the imminence of the victory now lost to him .
tr	8	The sand from the beach was down his shorts and he could feel it in his hair .
tr	9	I was surprised at how calm I felt .
tr	8	The first operation -- connecting the reactor to the space station -- had taken thirty minutes .
tr	8	Metal clashed against metal when our blades met a heartbeat later .
tr	11	Most of the walls were black shiny tiles with the exception of the walls surrounding the Jacuzzi .
tr	8	A rusty metal ladder clung to the side of the rocky wall .
tr	8	He lay there on the floor , and time seemed to slow .
tr	10	Blasted casters make me as jumpy as a crescent frog at harvest !
tr	7	" For the love of God , why not ? "
tr	9	He was entranced by the spirit of the natural earth .
tr	8	On my knees , I wiggled the end of the paper clip into the small keyhole of the bottom drawer .
tr	9	You have power , you have a sword so to speak , a sword unlike anyone else has .
tr	10	I grumbled , in my best male voice which was well practiced .
tr	11	She moved off , pushing a cart full of cleaning equipment .
tr	10	What was done , had to be done .
tr	9	" It 's going to be all right . "
tr	11	I wish I could change what happened . "
tr	11	You were thinking we could use that to our advantage ? "
tr	6	While silently cursing him , I prepared for Operation Take Down Malcolm .
tr	7	It just gets worse from here . "
tr	10	" You have been found guilty of crimes against the people .
tr	10	When the attack comes , your people are going to need you in orbit .
tr	7	We passed more doors , and I was becoming thoroughly lost .
tr	9	Do you want some ? "
tr	6	" Good morning Derrick , Kobi , " Trevor and Dane reply in unison .
tr	9	What you had to do .
tr	7	This precise routine was followed every day , to the second .
tr	11	Hailey noticed she scoffed as she said it .
tr	7	" Good Lord , you have found more skeletons , " he said , surprised .
tr	10	An hour later , we were crouched in the prickly bushes outside Peyton 's rented apartment .
tr	10	I 'll make certain she 's safe .
tr	8	When they first walked into the room , the map of the kingdom on the far wall drew their eyes .
tr	9	Every head hangs with the same apologetic visage , blurry through her watery eyes .
tr	7	If you prefer a general area , you can say that .
tr	8	Simon asked as he fought back tears .
tr	6	' But your sister , your sister is something else again , ' he told me .
tr	9	He guaranteed satisfactory results and everybody would be happy .
tr	10	When she got away from me she ran up to him and held him as if her life depended on it .
tr	9	He wondered how Sarah 's parents were doing this morning .
tr	7	" Do all children have this ability ? "
tr	11	It was a beautiful island filled with lush , thick foliage , a mountain on the far horizon .
tr	6	" Aesthetic and utilitarian considerations aside , " I said , " those mit ens don 't particularly make sense .
tr	5	" This is the only way back , babe . "
tr	8	Again , there was no tone change , but everyone could sense sadness in her voice .
tr	9	And Mr. Cantwell insisted on plunking down next to me . "
tr	9	Even if I had been braver , I didn 't stand a chance of escaping .
tr	6	That firm jaw ... those sculpted lips ... But , of course , she couldn 't .
tr	9	People had stopped eating and were grabbing for shopping bags and purses and getting up from their tables .
tr	9	That 's when Avery shouted " ENOUGH ! "
tr	5	I mean was he my friend or not ?
tr	6	' He stammered , ' said Peaches , giving Maurice a long , cool stare .
tr	9	When Tommy opened his hand he was surprised to find a hard round pink coin .
tr	11	She sensed that Kim 's head was full of the same questions and that they haunted her .
tr	6	Ted raised his eyebrows and gave Melody a questioning look , but said nothing .
tr	6	She handed it over and he found the options .
tr	7	" On his way to the airport like they said .
tr	8	The horrible cries and shrieks echo through the room between the rhythmic sucking sounds as the ghouls refill their lungs .
tr	8	He passed over the pink coin and the old woman gave him two blue coins from her pocket .
tr	7	" He led Second Clan to war with First Clan and the resulting bloodshed left the countryside in ruins . "
tr	8	Now , Gema , would be twenty three summers old ... .
tr	5	" Oh please don 't , it already tortured me enough this week . "
tr	7	Armed with TDK tapes , Little Spirit spent eight hours in the rehearsal room .
tr	10	' I 'm glad to hear it , ' said Victor .
tr	10	" I 'm considering calling President Sokolov and spilling the whole thing to him .
tr	9	Might be fun to play with .
tr	7	You have arrived at an ostrich farm . "
tr	7	" In a sense ... yes , " replied Reggie .
tr	7	" Wait , " Lonnie said , trailing behind her .
tr	11	He informs , keeping his voice down as best he can .
tr	8	" Does this even have coffee ? "
tr	8	As they stopped on the white sands , the midday sun warmed their bodies .
tr	7	The well at her farm had caved in and they had no fresh water .
tr	8	" They give you anything regarding the facility 's function ? "
tr	8	" This is odd ... " Helen said , her words trailing off .
tr	9	I had to keep running .
tr	6	Hidden under her short dark hair , just there , was a smal octopus tattoo .
tr	6	" Hello , " the lady said , with the phone to her ear .
tr	7	Word of mouth isn 't necessarily reliable , you know .
tr	5	After each one the old man said , ' Amen . '
tr	9	She turns her head toward him and is immediately greeted by his mouth and probing tongue .
tr	6	Her long blond hair is always straight , shiny and well kept .
tr	9	Bullets from the gunfight in the foyer struck the doors with dull thuds as they closed after us .
tr	9	Men watched her , following her with greedy , hungry eyes .
tr	9	If there was one thing Rafe could not stand it was a crying woman .
tr	5	' So , what 's the big news ? '
tr	10	I heard they 're looking for someone . "
tr	7	Rick hung up and smiled at Abby .
tr	11	The old knight had been right , that single fear sent Camden surging forward .
tr	6	The most freaking unfair thing he could imagine , this woman not having her arms and heart full of babies .
tr	10	He 's hearing things that aren 't there .
tr	10	She remained in the same pose until after he lost sight of her through the security check point .
tr	9	Victory was hers -- - even if only short lived .
tr	7	" They were hunting you , oh great Prince of Ravens !
tr	7	When we prayed today , we talked about God 's forgiveness .
tr	5	As the pen touches the paper , for a moment , I 'm alive .
tr	11	Sofia smiled as she draw near the two with the painting on her chest .
tr	7	His eyes adjusted and he saw three men and one woman .
tr	9	Black Scorpion looked grotesque from the shadows cast by the torch .
tr	8	" Would you like to sit down ? "
tr	6	The taste buds and the brain are not on the same wavelength .
tr	10	And one that wants to run .
tr	9	We were meant to be teachers and healers .
tr	9	" I was thankful that I met you ... It suits you -- the necklace .
tr	7	He now had more questions than answers .
tr	6	Then she left me in a room with all the other riders .
tr	7	Three I flew across the grass , feet pounding , arms pumping .
tr	7	The resulting explosion rocks Dagger 's gravity compensator and sends Tyler to the deck .
tr	8	A second man climbed onto the wooden jetty and looked around with evident interest .
tr	10	I swore I did melt inside .
tr	8	Lifting her eyes , she saw a handsome familiar face , staring down on her .
tr	9	Cade turned to look at her incredulously .
tr	9	Anyone in particular we should assign to drive the truck ? "
tr	10	Taylor turned his head to look her in the eyes and nodded slowly .
tr	9	The window behind the man with the gun quietly splintered and his head literally exploded in front of Robbie .
tr	9	How he knows what he does is troubling enough .
tr	9	Finally , after my second failed attempt at making the perfect tart , I kicked the wall .
tr	10	He spotted the old woman that he had helped on his last visit here .
tr	10	" I think you have mistaken me , Master Darin .
tr	9	Only one of them ever left the motel at a time and they ate in most of the time .
tr	9	The big man shook his head , his bearded face drawn in concentration .
tr	10	Connor gently surveyed the area as his heart rate started to decrease .
tr	8	Archie went pale reading it .
tr	9	Wert produced his own length of det cord and repeated Wang 's handiwork of a moment earlier .
tr	8	Clinging to one of his legs was a teenage boy , also lightly sprayed in blood .
tr	6	The two of them sit down and think it out , talk about it , compromise .
tr	9	She thumbed back through several pages of her notes and found her place .
tr	8	Rift asks , baffled by her antics .
tr	6	Recall her threat - " slit your throat from your left ear to your right . "
tr	7	I 'm pleased for you .
tr	8	Echo had not enjoyed dressing the last man .
tr	11	There was nothing that could compare to this bonding .
tr	6	Fire was just fire , after all , and they all looked more or less the same .
tr	8	Soon , below them , they could make out hundreds of lights .
tr	6	Around his neck something gleamed in the sun .
tr	8	The scissors have a sharp sic to them as they shear away my long locks .
tr	10	As he positioned himself on the door of the stall Maria entered the bathroom .
tr	5	Chapter Four After the intense video chat session the night before , Thursday was remarkably uneventful .
tr	9	" Think it might be Geography . "
tr	8	" My brother wants my son and my daughters , and them alone , " Kenna said .
tr	6	The familiar scent of Pall Mall slowly clouded the air .
tr	10	Raymond smiled , " You know someone will come .
tr	7	Because I 'm a girl ?
tr	9	Had to tack on 3 .
tr	7	He reached for a strawberry tart , but I slapped his hand .
tr	8	They 'll put me on trial and hang me .
tr	11	Boris winked and pulled a tattered notebook sporting the fading image of the Incredible Hulk out of his back pocket .
tr	7	" No thanks Teen Tits , I haven 't even finished my morn ' coffee yet . "
tr	7	There were others there , enjoying the warm air this morning .
tr	9	Sofia tightened her gripped upon the book .
tr	7	From that day forward the Captain was not so hostile toward Cisco .
tr	9	His head started to swim , blood rushed to his gut , helping it contract inward .
tr	11	The conversation started to wane as the mission became clear .
tr	8	The man was dressed in a grey , finely pressed uniform .
tr	8	She held her head high , but I knew it stung .
tr	9	I didn 't know you two were together or I could have warned you about her .
tr	5	" Not sure , " he muttered , " Not sure . "
tr	7	The door swung open and a young blonde haired woman burst through , her cheeks were red with excitement .
tr	9	She leaned closer and whispered , " Did a package arrive for me ? "
tr	5	~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ Nearly there .
tr	7	They spent every moment together , often very close together , but the affection from a week ago was gone .
tr	6	A short time later , we emerged in a huge cavern , bigger than the shopping mall downtown .
tr	7	There were always at least four braves doing the war dance around the fire .
tr	11	How do I know any of this is real at all ? "
tr	9	He talked for a few minutes whilst Jen went around and replenished everyone 's drinks .
tr	10	Yes that 's right Tola 's static was really Logos , you do remember Logos right ?
tr	9	" They don 't know what they are doing .
tr	6	Rafe took another look at Rand .
tr	7	Ryan studied the new Space Shuttle program and attended the first launches in Florida .
tr	7	" Why would you say such a thing , O Shaykh ? "
tr	9	I know I 'm being petty .
tr	10	As the two watched , sections close to their end began to sag and then collapse into the water .
tr	11	However , the horrible dog had still succeeded in biting Nina on the leg .
tr	9	It was a glorious summer day and Cisco relaxed with the children .
tr	6	Eda looked pointedly at Rafe .
tr	11	" William is busy and is sorry he could not see you this morning .
tr	9	I know she 's in good hands . "
tr	9	Some within the United States government had welcomed the return to a world with two superpowers .
tr	9	Followed by the time that the same stranger arrogantly threatened him at the hospital .
tr	11	He had bought the bench some years prior and came to sit several times a month .
tr	11	Almas asked as he tried to keep up .
tr	6	She had blue eyes , long blonde hair , and a very petite figure , like a pixie .
tr	8	By the way what do you know about Dick Mason 's wife Gema ?
tr	8	Life is long , but time is short , " he concludes , rising to his feet .
tr	5	Roughly two kilometers away , the dot already frustrated her .
tr	9	If I can get these ropes off my wrists perhaps I can do something . "
tr	11	She whispered , " I didn 't think it would really work . "
tr	5	( 2 ) The Way of the Disillusioned ' Sensible Man ' .
tr	10	You should have come to me when you spotted it . "
tr	5	The young woman turned and walked down the left hallway .
tr	7	Unfortunately , I cannot prove anything right now , and their diplomatic status makes interrogation difficult .
tr	8	From the email , I was expecting some old bat in tweed .
tr	5	" No thanks , Bulwark , " I told him .
tr	11	He started to reach for the material again but stopped when the bear began growling again .
tr	11	" Yes , but guess what ... . .
tr	11	I feel as I have lost all sense of direction .
tr	10	Personally , I was all for traveling to Rome .
tr	6	" Yeah , not in the mood .
tr	6	" They once served me very well , " Crimson Claw stated just as flatly .
tr	11	So , how is it you ended up lashed to a bed by that harpy back yonder ? "
tr	7	After an hour passed , the ceremony was concluded and a proud servant of The Shimmering One lay dead .
tr	10	Was an irony , considering that outside the sun was already a fireball .
tr	9	He now began to smile a bit as he came to grips with his decision .
tr	7	The stench from their sulphurous content tingled in her nostrils and seared her throat .
tr	8	" Have a rest inside , and we can talk later , " she said .
tr	8	Her earlier plans to trot all the way back were abandoned because of the wet roads and slick trails .
tr	6	The old man gave her a half confused half disgusted look .
tr	11	' Do you know what pixilated means ? '
tr	8	They both dashed past him toward the stairs , screeching again , this time in mock panic .
tr	8	They seem to be key .
tr	8	The way they moved made a man notice them .
tr	10	All along we 've planned that Bay must challenge Gan .
tr	8	The mental picture , thus outlined , came to mind , and he began to snort .
tr	7	For a moment I am lost in the hunger .
tr	9	The crowd that was chasing them had barely come to their senses before they had disappeared .
tr	9	Pulling the soft furs around her to shut out the cold , she ran her fingers over the smooth wood .
tr	9	" No , I 'm afraid you won 't " said Melissa .
tr	6	" Hey , can you do any others ? "
tr	9	There is more evil here than meets the eye .
tr	6	" That 's not my problem , " the cloaked man harshly rebutted .
tr	8	Reggie gave her a peck on the cheek and then followed Anderson inside .
tr	10	He said something had gone wrong .
tr	5	Plus , this place is pretty secretive .
tr	9	A dimpled smile appeared as she cuddled deeper into him .
tr	11	Elaina had no idea how to tell them apart and didn 't much care .
tr	11	She only hoped that Sebastian would manage to survive .
tr	6	" Too much , " she whispered in my head , afraid .
tr	7	There is a bucket of cold water outside .
tr	6	' And we might as well tell you now .
tr	9	I yelled and ran from my room outside , smashing the door on my way .
tr	8	He told us what had happened .
tr	8	Stalin looked up at the sky , as if in defeat , and Benjamin shook his head .
tr	9	they say , so that 's what I 'm doin ' . "
tr	6	he repeated , his puzzled frown mirroring the others around the table .
tr	11	She tossed him like he weighed nothing .
tr	5	Even changed my own diaper this morning . "
tr	6	" Where did the kids hang out ? "
tr	6	But it had been so long , an entire lifetime .
tr	8	Memories of that snowy day in the Carpathian Mountains rose afresh in my mind .
tr	9	" Lucas ... he died protecting you from them . "
tr	8	" What else is there to do aboard a ship ? "
tr	9	The man didn 't follow , so I figured I 'd escaped .
tr	7	That leads to chaos and then society breaks down . "
tr	7	The Trojans are currently at sixty-three percent power and rising . "
tr	8	Sarah looked over the letter and felt a little better .
tr	8	She pulled up a map and ran her finger along the road south from Calais .
tr	8	I headed down the nearest alleyway and paused at the end , glancing behind .
tr	7	The gentle hills and expansive vistas of the countryside were being replaced .
tr	10	" Time to quit messing around .
tr	7	A ginger tom peered at me curiously from under a metal skip and meowed again .
tr	7	He paced the floor in discomfort and drank wine .
tr	7	He spun around , and over his shoulder he barked ' FOLLOW ME , NOW ' .
tr	8	I had to admit , that briefly took my breath away .
tr	6	" Yeah , " Mike laughed , " I love that guy . "
tr	7	As she did , she saw the rest of the children on the floor .
tr	9	Columns of my smoky breath rose in the air and dissipated in front of me .
tr	7	What is going on ? "
tr	11	The smell was making Mac want to vomit .
tr	10	Vendors filled the streets crowded with lords and ladies in litters and on fine horses .
tr	10	" You have to have soil to grow .
tr	10	He hadn 't thought about questioning Branden 's father .
tr	5	" Nothing planned , you , " I text back .
tr	8	I just wan na make friends .
tr	8	snapped the rotund monk staring down at me .
tr	11	You can let me know when you 're ready .
tr	10	He was more than tired of all the flirting Logan did with Josie .
tr	5	Its five years ago now ... .
tr	10	He leaned back in his chair , " Suppose I shouldn 't be . "
tr	9	He tried to raise his left arm , but King had closed the distance .
tr	6	Down at the water she and Jimmy were standing in .
tr	8	" I wanted to see the stars tonight .
tr	6	Not a light shone from spire or tower .
tr	11	There must have been hundreds of others in there .
tr	8	I didn 't remember any mention of a trip .
tr	9	He continued to stare at me , ignoring my joke .
tr	6	Like history repeating , she remembered Josh 's advances only weeks before .
tr	6	Your name , your estate , your money and your prestige , it all means so much to you .
tr	6	' I need a smoke , ' he explained at my stare .
tr	6	Clary wondered , but the thought was short-lived ; the darkness came back , and the hallucinations claimed her again .
tr	7	He reached for his wallet , pulled out his master card and tapped the 16 digit code into the box .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes reached out and got the carcass of the Little Man .
tr	7	He also watched for other eyes , maybe there was more than one .
tr	7	Even if you tried you could find no end or beginning within the city .
tr	11	Suspects sited now moving on foot east on Conifer .
tr	11	You had to think I 'd know .
tr	7	God is calling for you .
tr	9	Hank thought this was curious indeed .
tr	11	" I know I should tell you to go .
tr	9	She had , after all , come to destroy him .
tr	9	He looked at Missy and said , " You won 't believe it .
tr	8	I reach around and pull out one of the remaining white bunnies .
tr	6	' Look at your behavior ... would a true earth dweller create war ?
tr	7	The animal inside me is so much stronger than my fragile self .
tr	9	" I had my suspicions , but I guess you just confirmed them .
tr	7	" Welcome to my research hangar , " started Suzi speaking from her wheelchair .
tr	11	Chris saw the men pouring grease on the ramps were now finished and were scurrying away from beneath the ship .
tr	9	He tried to move his arms , and his face flashed with pain .
tr	6	It had the standard word processing software , a good web browser , and an email system .
tr	10	He couldn 't have run even if he wanted to .
tr	8	Emotions whipped through me like the wind , tearing at my insides .
tr	11	Chris still had a thousand questions , but asked the one that might tie things up .
tr	10	Yes , well , if someone stops by just ask them to wait for a minute until I return .
tr	5	" Very well young Sir and a good choice I must say .
tr	8	Victoria settled back down , snaking her arm around him .
tr	6	The crowd suddenly gasped and broke into wild applause .
tr	7	The girl and the big man exchanged glances and then both broke into smiles .
tr	9	She 'd always been bored by books and the Traditions , by scrolls and sermons .
tr	9	Abby now wondered why she had waited so long .
tr	10	" Hey , I 've been driving for hours and I 'm starving , " Jimmy said .
tr	9	" This is a literal translation , word for word , " the elderly woman asserted .
tr	9	In fact , he hadn 't said a word since he 'd arrived .
tr	5	" Bob , please , this light is not yours .
tr	11	I said , " Dan where in the hell are you going to put all this crap ? "
tr	11	" Well , it certainly seems as though everything is falling into place , " Melody said .
tr	11	He heard what could only be interpreted as a laugh .
tr	7	He opened the door and I ran to him .
tr	7	Spike stepped into the warmth , hung his coat on the hook , and looked around .
tr	11	I do know they were excited .
tr	5	" Yes , I do , " Marissa thought back reluctantly .
tr	8	As they grow in numbers , they push only their own agendas .
tr	8	he asked , licking dry lips and blinking in a befuddled manner .
tr	5	He was patient , intelligent , educated , strong-willed , caring and honorable .
tr	8	You should tell him this , and explain to him . "
tr	6	" I 'm not with them anymore .
tr	11	I struggled to get out of Malcolm 's clutches and mumbled empty threats .
tr	7	Finally , a doctor came out in his surgical scrubs and met us by the aquarium .
tr	8	A hot kiss totally makes me want a second date .
tr	8	I tried to stop gaping .
tr	7	As the conversation tapered off , she smiled a shy smile and then sat up in bed .
tr	8	A memory from her stay with the Mountain People came to mind .
tr	11	Josie stumbled to a halt as she saw the guns pointed her way .
tr	10	You looked vastly amusing hanging upside down with your skirts covering your face !
tr	8	" I must get you to help . "
tr	7	They had reached the entrance to the tunnel .
tr	9	This is where you come in , Douglas and Fletcher .
tr	7	There are new concerns in this valley . "
tr	9	Damn Atticus for putting me in a good mood .
tr	11	I had no doubt it would be recorded there .
tr	7	He cringed and his eyes squinted in pain , then he said , " Now .
tr	11	She felt like a spaceman who flew over the moon and back .
tr	8	When I looked back to the road , Malcolm had disappeared into the crowd .
tr	9	I 'd known Aloysius of course ; he 'd been in my brother 's government .
tr	7	She kicked at it viciously .
tr	7	And it was the same with the box room ! "
tr	10	Phillip looked disappointed , but Kurt knew he would get over it .
tr	8	Enrico nodded his head in understanding and walked out , closing the door behind him .
tr	11	He nodded toward Conway Duke , who was still playing innocent .
tr	11	Frankly Claire was only interested in reaching dry land and never getting on a boat again .
tr	10	She would not allow him to have us tortured .
tr	7	Ted shook the GPS unit out of its pouch and powered it up .
tr	8	I need to post a confession .
tr	10	How the hell you dare to confront me ! "
tr	9	I sit down on the branch and take in the world around me .
tr	6	I can sell off some assets . "
tr	9	As I was in the area he asked me to take you down the cop shop instead . "
tr	6	" Well , I 'm sorry anyway , " Ted said .
tr	11	I 'm assuming that this rock is more valuable than the magnet . "
tr	10	How long before they start looking for us . "
tr	11	I think I have bruises on my bruises . "
tr	9	" You want me to wear pajamas on a stakeout ? "
tr	11	Rupert 's calm gaze searched Alejo 's face , which had grown very serious .
tr	8	Claus still missed the elf , but Santa 's Workshop did not negotiate with terrorists .
tr	7	She laughed and punched his shoulder , a little too hard for comfort .
tr	8	There were four of them , a buck followed by three does .
tr	11	Paul looked at her and his eyes started to water up .
tr	8	Without letting her go , he murmured into her hair , " I love you .
tr	10	Now was not the time to talk to him .
tr	6	" I du n no , " David said , frowning .
tr	6	Better I fall for the trap than you , right ? "
tr	9	" Our wardrobe 's not exactly the best , is it ? "
tr	9	Reggie shifted uncomfortably , obviously picking up on Nathan 's tone .
tr	10	She would stick with the orderly being the one to trust .
tr	10	" The woman who was killed in the tube .
tr	10	You say I 've called you fools ?
tr	8	A pair of yellow eyes find his , cold as stone beneath her braided disc of hair .
tr	11	Her voice , as well as her words , had told him all he needed to know .
tr	9	We are sweeping in behind the path of the asteroid .
tr	6	And as Samuel calculated , we reached peak three at three in the afternoon .
tr	8	She knew he hated her .
tr	11	' By the way , that was quite some stunt you guys pulled last night , ' he said to Victor .
tr	8	" I will go get some warm water , Doctor .
tr	8	" The child 's future lies in the hands of his parents .
tr	8	She watched his eyes narrow as he listened .
tr	5	" Yeah , there 's internet . "
tr	7	We 'll be over the Normandy area in a few minutes ! "
tr	10	It was almost impossible to get out of this .
tr	11	He knew the most important thing was that he kept his seat .
tr	8	Scarborough amused herself in the room with hot tea and an unknown additive she produced from a flask .
tr	8	It could have been well choreographed . "
tr	6	Errol , on the other hand , rolled his eyes and rode his bicycle .
tr	6	" It is our job , " Doyle said , with his mouth against my hair .
tr	6	" Wait a pulse there ; what is the application here in this ?
tr	5	' But this time , I have a good reason not to . '
tr	7	I couldn 't write with it anymore . "
tr	6	A hundred feet later , another door appeared in the stone wall .
tr	11	Never had she been allowed to kill anything before .
tr	10	Do you need anything from me ? "
tr	11	" My aunt certainly does like to chat about me , doesn 't she ? "
tr	6	" Listen , man , I 'm sorry , but yeah , I need you out . "
tr	11	Did he know she was hiding , licking her wounds ?
tr	10	Gema nodded quite prepared to let him speak .
tr	11	It must be the same one the swords for hire mentioned . "
tr	10	I 'm hoping Dane did the same thing .
tr	9	The brothers did , leaving Elaina standing alone .
tr	10	" You would like to kill me , wouldn 't you , sweetheart ? "
tr	7	Parnell straightened his coat , doing up the top button .
tr	9	Lacking alternatives , we scrambled up the rungs after our impetuous friend , our sheathed sabers rattling behind us .
tr	9	Her hair long and curling , and was caught back from her face to hang down her back .
tr	10	You should have seen our faces when that happened , it was almost comical . "
tr	6	" Oh well , if you mean details , " said Curry , and then stopped .
tr	10	He could feel Reaper at his back and kept moving , scanning for targets .
tr	5	Instead of comfortable swirling mists , she saw the ground far below .
tr	9	With a loud moan the antenna gave out and suicide jumped down towards the deck right towards me .
tr	5	" 38 year old female , Hampton , Georgia , verified , H7N9 flu , critical phase , protocols are activated .
tr	7	Proceeding through in no particular hurry , Ganondorf senses a presence following him .
tr	7	It 's a bit lighter and certainly fits your hand better .
tr	11	" What 's Avril got to do with this , honey ?
tr	7	He sat back against the wall and the room fell into silence again .
tr	8	" I hope you 're ready .
tr	10	I 'm assuming Fuchs sent some orders to that .
tr	8	" I think they went upstairs .
tr	5	" What will you do ? "
tr	5	" In the library , " Eleanor squeaked , and I smiled .
tr	5	In every other way Ogg was more or less the ideal friend .
tr	6	She looked up at the lord baron on his throne .
tr	8	There was no sun , only thick mist and there was a decided chill in the air .
tr	11	" I 'm not going to let up on you , you know .
tr	6	" Maybe a backpack or a jacket .
tr	8	Any place without snow would have been wonderful , but this was like a dream .
tr	6	Stop and search activity was intensified and Army patrols were much more evident .
tr	8	I turned back to see the source .
tr	7	" That 's my family , " Paulo said , obviously wanting the picture .
tr	9	Next to the door , on the inside of the fuselage was a grenade .
tr	5	' Not just life , I reckon , ' said Albert .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes advanced to the entrance of the room .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes walked back to the house of Waving Willow .
tr	10	There was no need to apologize or to explain himself here .
tr	10	" So other Vampires are trying to butt in on your turf . "
tr	9	His hand sought the ceiling handle for reassurance .
tr	6	" Seven women , eight small girls , no men or boys .
tr	10	Do what we came to do .
tr	7	As he shook the door , the bolt on the outside shot back .
tr	5	By the way , where are the police ? "
tr	10	His mind is far from where he is standing .
tr	10	Instinctively , the Prince grabbed the leg as it swung into him , and clung to it .
tr	7	How could he embarrass me like this ?
tr	8	" She must be well taken care of .
tr	7	Wouldn 't that feel exactly the same way ? "
tr	8	She saw the doctor 's eyebrows go up .
tr	10	Falconer , gun in hand , covered the babbling , confused group that streamed along behind Conway .
tr	7	Clear tubes led from each device to the man , and their liquids flowed into him through large , shining needles .
tr	7	The girls all snickered and poked at him playfully .
tr	10	" Are you going to shoot those things already ? "
tr	11	" You say the group carrying my half of the Talisman went missing ? "
tr	7	" It comes from the lake , you say ? "
tr	8	However , once she married , her husband would take control of her lands . "
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	6	This will be really fun . "
tr	10	Night fell quickly , as it did in winter , and the cold deepened .
tr	7	Taking his place in line , an embarrassed Jones apologized , smiling sheepishly .
tr	11	I didn 't know that we were being hunted as well .
tr	10	' We 've located eight Bastian and human scientists specialising in the areas that you wanted .
tr	5	But you definitely are more beautiful . "
tr	8	As the servant reached her and nodded , she practically ran towards our group .
tr	7	I had done that , and the self-loathing hit me like a blow .
tr	10	They word their ribbons in things seen on a much deeper level .
tr	8	Chapter 10 Jen strode through the front door with Vivien close on her heels .
tr	5	" No , no , no ! "
tr	6	' The bullet wound in my chest has pretty much healed up as well . '
tr	10	Fitzgerald paid him , then turned to leave .
tr	10	He had to learn to live .
tr	6	" I just got unlucky ... My life 's unlucky . "
tr	11	Atticus didn 't waste any time as he grabbed her hand and started running .
tr	9	He picked up a plate and poised a hand over the plate of sandwiches .
tr	10	I walked around the building looking for an entrance and finally found one at the walk-out basement level .
tr	11	The cousins did not understand what they were talking about at all .
tr	9	" He found a mate , joined another clan and returned to conquer all . "
tr	10	He could clearly see the uniform tunnel ahead until it turned sharply at about fifteen feet .
tr	6	" Just watch , " Ted said with a reassuring wink .
tr	10	' Do you know a man by the name of Mikael Olsson ? '
tr	7	" You need not go the same road as a grieving old man . "
tr	9	He wasn 't an airplane buff and had no idea what a Spitfire was .
tr	6	" Crimson Plague earned its title by the way it induced excessive and incessant bleeding in its victims .
tr	11	He woke in a cell with four men in uniforms different from the mosque guards ' .
tr	8	The lights were flickering with longer and longer pauses .
tr	6	" Uh , it 's 2013 , " Jimmy said .
tr	6	" What are you laughing at ? "
tr	8	The Talisman of Snakes required one of two things : signs of emotion , or physical contact .
tr	5	" For F , L , A , S , and T. " " That the tree carved . "
tr	6	Another double clap and the lights would go out .
tr	6	Rupert 's calm eyes did , indeed , widen .
tr	7	He came closer to puts his hands on my hips , kissing me .
tr	7	He held his arm out and she slipped her arm into his .
tr	10	Camden always hated it when she had one of those .
tr	6	Jimmy thought about the plan for a moment .
tr	7	I am greater than a prince .
tr	5	And about all these ... these ... " " These what ? "
tr	7	So intent on her diligent monitoring , she jumped at the sharp tap on the driver 's side window .
tr	8	She must have time to think .
tr	10	There was still something Jonas wanted from her .
tr	5	Are you the one making payments on this place ? "
tr	10	Make sure you walk her there .
tr	7	Back at his apartment and on his own , Mike finally got a shower .
tr	6	" Jesus , Kelly , you almost gave me a heart attack , it 's just dirt . "
tr	8	He picked it up , carried it off and began to eat .
tr	7	" She can hear , think , and feel -- aye , she can feel very well indeed ! "
tr	11	Do you think I don 't want a man in my life ?
tr	8	Sarah knew he was right .
tr	7	" We can 't live like scared rabbits , either , Sarah . "
tr	8	Brand pointed to the pile of black powder on the ground .
tr	8	Once he 's here we won 't be getting any information from him . "
tr	8	There were dark things in the Book , powerful things .
tr	7	Just as his staff come down he felt a sting on his exposed neck and reached up , automatically .
tr	6	Harald cried , " and long live Sir Brand ! "
tr	5	" And you got a busted out taillight back here . "
tr	10	" Damned glad we got a four by four , " Steve chuckled as they bounced across a small hill .
tr	8	" I have watched over her my entire life , " she imparts , touching Zelda 's cheek tenderly .
tr	9	It 's too dangerous on the prairie for two women alone .
tr	7	" Finan surely you would not have left me so entirely ? "
tr	9	Atticus jumped behind Alita 's desk as shards of wood from the bookshelf flung towards him .
tr	8	" Don 't say something like that , " she jabbed him in the arm .
tr	9	But your inside was the epitome of ugliness and that what you truly represent now .
tr	9	Navi screams , appearing between her chosen and the coming blade .
tr	6	Its darn five o ' clock around here about three times a day !
tr	6	" Ab , I 'm a little sick . "
tr	9	restated ' Beta ' Simon looked at his master hoping for some sign .
tr	10	He started waving his finger at him like a school headmaster scolding a misbehaving child .
tr	9	Leaning against the wall , I breathed deep and tried to calm my beating heart .
tr	8	" Stacy , wake up and look at this , " she said .
tr	6	" I don 't , but they do ... and they deserve to ! "
tr	8	They came upon us as you searched the eye .
tr	10	She gave herself a set of chicken strips while Jimmy opted for a burger .
tr	6	And after that , my parents ... That first demon ... " She cleared her throat .
tr	11	I thought there was something wrong with my eyes . "
tr	5	His flesh was warm , but hard .
tr	8	My gaze shifted to the far side of the tower .
tr	5	In a calm tone , Harry gave her direction .
tr	6	' Detective Chief Inspector Brian Reynolds of Scotland Yard , ' the newsreader continued , ' gave this statement . '
tr	10	He knew that he needed direction -- he wasn 't so proud that he couldn 't admit that .
tr	10	After a beat of hesitation , Sky took it and let herself be led from the room .
tr	11	Virgil let his mouth open in disbelief , before he began to shout again .
tr	8	Destro turned to face his adversary .
tr	7	he tries not to wheeze .
tr	9	The glass contains three fingers of whiskey with an ice cube floating in it .
tr	6	' I did , ' said Thorne with a scowl .
tr	11	As he did so he lost his grip on the torch , which plummeted downward .
tr	11	Paul shot them a glance that stopped it flat .
tr	7	" Maybe there 's a horse cart of some kind . "
tr	8	" It 's not the most accurate rifle on the rack , but it 's accurate enough .
tr	6	She couldn 't believe it .
tr	9	" We 've already covered a few things for your upcoming trip , " he addressed both of them .
tr	11	As to who ; we still think it 's a group of renegade police .
tr	9	They were long and contained an artful memory of King Martin , as well as a passionate haranguing of the Faith .
tr	7	His only concern was the food on his plate .
tr	6	' Has he ever behaved violently towards you in the past ? '
tr	11	She felt sudden compassion for him , a wish to comfort that surprised her .
tr	11	His knees almost buckling as he dipped preparing for take-off .
tr	9	We have to wait for her .
tr	10	" I 'm guessing the very thing you suspected , Mistress . "
tr	9	I was afraid he would die .
tr	10	I just need to know he escaped . "
tr	5	With wide , dark eyes , high cheekbones , and a straight little nose .
tr	11	" Do you think he means it ? "
tr	9	Tears ran down the champion 's eyes as he absently hacked his victims and thought of his love and their begotten .
tr	10	One day they would be forced permanently to use the underground .
tr	10	he sobbed , and he tried to catch her , to hold her in his arms .
tr	5	" And in the town , cells don 't work .
tr	8	After seeing to the dogs , the men pounded extra pegs securing their tents into the ground .
tr	8	" But what does that mean exactly ?
tr	10	Chapter 9 -- Betrayal General Sampson could not understand what was happening .
tr	6	just as theirs made them visible .
tr	7	Sarah couldn 't see clearly but he appeared rough and menacing to her .
tr	7	The children picked themselves up , but then the sitting gargoyle snarled and sprang at them .
tr	5	What are we playing ? "
tr	9	Who names those dysfunctional freeways , some descendant from the Donner Party ?
tr	9	He didn 't tell the boss that the canisters weren 't full .
tr	8	As soon as he was gone , Aimee turned and hugged me .
tr	8	Loot and Fire Cub helped with the move , because Red Talon could barely walk .
tr	6	" The time machine the map leads to , " Alex revealed .
tr	8	The shelves were lined with everything from Robert Burns and Oscar Wilde to H.G. Wells and William Shakespeare .
tr	8	Then they put their packs and weapons in order in preparation for their big adventure .
tr	8	She pouted for a moment , and then slipped from the bed and padded off toward the bathroom .
tr	8	I raised the Smith & Wesson in a steady grip , my finger on the trigger .
tr	6	Rafe was silent and irritably so .
tr	8	The cops came by and asked the protestors very nicely to go .
tr	9	" Captain those guns you 'll never make it passed them .
tr	10	Branden , he was happy to see , looked like his old self again .
tr	7	She reached for the phone as it rang .
tr	10	Now how to get him to talk ?
tr	5	" Got all his info .
tr	6	" It 's possible , " he says .
tr	7	A writer since elementary school , he published his first novel , Max and the Gatekeeper , in 2007 .
tr	8	Rick shouted , " Get up and clean that mess up right now ! "
tr	6	" Such insolence enthusiasm , " the fox mumbled in an angry manner .
tr	10	" We are quite busy here with the arrival of the foreign delegates for the funeral . "
tr	7	Once he was done all Ayla said was , " That was great soldier .
tr	6	But at this point , even without the contact , even with the rules , I was all in .
tr	9	Let me think on it .
tr	9	Climbing on top of the console , he wrapped the bathrobe belt around his neck .
tr	7	The man was in an Army combat uniform and carried his M4 in the ready position .
tr	10	Somebody must have noticed his eyelid twitch as he heard a female voice .
tr	7	Do not fear ; naught can harm you here . "
tr	7	He said my name again , and I dug my fingers into the stone wall .
tr	9	Only if Laurence will not stick his nose in my plans .
tr	9	" I 'm not going to hurt you , ok ?
tr	11	It is all her fault that I forgot to do so ! "
tr	8	In a manner of speaking , this burden , and my life , have been chosen for me . "
tr	10	He had not one bad habit that got on my nerves .
tr	9	He will be easier to manipulate that way . "
tr	9	He felt the beauty , mysteriously his gaze was filled with diffraction patterns and rippling waves .
tr	11	To keep you from getting into trouble . "
tr	6	Then , from under the bridge arches , small wooden rowboats moved single file toward the site shoreline .
tr	9	They had to keep moving .
tr	11	She lay in the shadows with her back to the wooden wall and stacks of bags around her .
tr	9	You don 't just let anybody into the bush with a weapon like that or accidents will happen . "
tr	6	Knight 's brow furrowed , the deep lines in his tanned face mirroring the waves in his salt and pepper hair .
tr	8	" In all my years I have only known one boy with a darker heart .
tr	6	One of the shapes contracts and changes colour , becoming green , brown , grey , blue .
tr	9	" Yeah , well you at least have been following the path of your parents .
tr	9	Not a man on a tightrope , a man on thin ice .
tr	5	Student workroom , study room , Craft library , and the parlor took up the front .
tr	11	I felt like I was going to overheat .
tr	9	And they proceed to live and flourish at their expense . "
tr	9	' I make four of them , ' I said quietly , hands hanging loosely at my sides .
tr	7	I slipped the engagement ring on her finger , and we held each other and kissed .
tr	7	" Are you ok ? "
tr	7	Another voice came over the earpiece moments later .
tr	8	Exhausted from a long week 's work , I dragged my feet down a seemingly deserted street .
tr	6	* George sat on the oak bench in the old church yard .
tr	11	The kitchen door opened directly onto a gravel path that wound around the palace .
tr	8	They will be here before the sun rises . "
tr	10	" I believe these might be in order . "
tr	6	" No , my Lady , I have never lost a woman either .
tr	9	On my left side was the door Adam spoke about with a cloak on the ground beside it .
tr	10	I would have done nothing different with one of my own .
tr	8	" Jesus , where are we ?
tr	6	" Perhaps , " he mused , " that , too , could be arranged .
tr	9	He had been searching the back of the small crowd as he spoke .
tr	6	" That is one nice car , " guy at the counter remarked , his voice a hushed reverent purr .
tr	9	Nicola entered the predefined sequence and the garage door opened and they drove in .
tr	7	" What is it , dear ?
tr	10	He covered his confusion with an elaborate show of sipping more .
tr	10	Voices could be heard coming from the rest room .
tr	11	He walked across the courtyard , heading toward the target that Byron had set up .
tr	10	They think that you 've come as a prospective bride . "
tr	10	He was smiling though he didn 't look happy .
tr	8	His side gave a small twinge of pain , but that was all .
tr	6	The girl got out of the car , frightened , bruised , but very much alive .
tr	8	The Sinclair family found a nice small house in the country with an acre of garden .
tr	6	I leaped over miniature poodles .
tr	6	" Where 's the big red and white car ? "
tr	11	" Beppe , you certainly know how to make a lady blush ! "
tr	6	This back-and-forth of saints and scriptures meant little to her .
tr	9	Beside her is a broad-shouldered man I don 't know .
tr	6	The other was the three siblings again , in a similar pose , perhaps thirty years later .
tr	11	Stalin doesn 't know I 'm alive back here , and I don 't know how badly he wants me dead .
tr	5	" Yeah , too bad my being a virgin totally freaked him out .
tr	8	He took a sip of brandy ; a train attendant had brought drinks to us awhile back .
tr	10	Rafe knew it was true but somehow could not bring himself to admit it .
tr	9	He shuddered , as if the future made him uncomfortable .
tr	9	Elaina scrambled to her feet , as if that would give her a better view .
tr	9	She 'll say some special prayers for them and they 'll be back out tomorrow .
tr	6	' You 're a jackass , ' he stated darkly without preamble .
tr	10	If Cade had been the sort of man to blush , he 'd have been as dark as Elaina just then .
tr	6	Dave 's mother turned back a second and handed Dave two room keys .
tr	8	All the same , my nostrils twitched at the well remembered smell of burning .
tr	8	We believe in that , bringing God 's kingdom to earth . "
tr	9	Nothing would ruin a tanker 's day faster than an infantryman with an anti-tank rocket .
tr	9	" I heard something , though I could not make out the words . "
tr	6	He gave Eda a hefty shove and propelled both ladies inside .
tr	8	Malcolm was someone different for everyone .
tr	7	Yours , I would guess , is strictly physical , and that kind very often produces a complete blank . "
tr	10	His rich Cumbrian accent washed over her and she found she could breathe again .
tr	8	She handed Sarah a bowl of stew and a dented spoon .
tr	9	For the Prince , the rest of the day was a series of one humiliating event after another .
tr	7	For the next two weeks , Echo accompanied her father and Dorian into the different villages and the surrounding areas .
tr	8	" Well I could tell you a most remarkable story , a true story .
tr	8	Carl Meadows looked over the top of his paper and spoke to the boys .
tr	10	Think you can make it ? "
tr	5	The ship clove the clear waters .
tr	11	Mark released his grip on Josie , who sank to her knees .
tr	6	Brazen smiled , " Sometimes ... but , that 's not it .
tr	8	According to them , there are only two dozen guys assigned to this facility .
tr	9	Andy heard a horrible scream and a thump against the door next to him .
tr	8	" I want this site treated as a crime scene .
tr	11	I 've tipped him off too much about what I can see .
tr	7	Unfortunately , the rocket that exploded was actually carrying a new crew and supplies for a longer stay . "
tr	11	Breathing quietly to avoid throttling the man , the Irishman stood .
tr	10	There weren 't many people who had been this far out before .
tr	6	Logan held up his hands and stood up .
tr	5	But still , this was too soon .
tr	7	You two can go ahead to his school .
tr	7	Muted voices rose south of our position .
tr	10	It was crystal clear like it was spoken next to my ear .
tr	10	Are these things easy to unbalance ? "
tr	9	It 's up to you to bring the army back under control . "
tr	7	The transformation continued , the giant 's huge body turning red , swelling , growing scales .
tr	8	Three of Brazen 's men were shot along with six police and National Guard troops .
tr	6	After all , wasn 't he kicked out of his last school for something similar ?
tr	7	Coffee spewed from Alejo 's lips onto his muddy knees as he nearly choked .
tr	10	Chris did , but decided to say nothing for the moment .
tr	8	" That might be hurt , " she whispered as she carefully pulled out the arrow .
tr	8	" I don 't know , but what matters is you remember her spirit .
tr	7	Five thousand rounds took him over a dozen trips to the truck .
tr	9	Snow Job struggled weakly against his restraints as the second man spoke into a small radio .
tr	6	Quiet for a moment , then she said , " Yes , but there was something else . "
tr	6	' Yes , Captain , ' he coughed in a weak trembling reply .
tr	10	You could say they were lumberjacks , what a coincidence .
tr	10	A few inches to the left it would have pierced his heart .
tr	11	Adele directed that it should be placed at her side .
tr	10	He was pretty sure it was after 1A .
tr	10	To be an open book for her and after that to burn me down ?
tr	7	" Saints be praised , you 've come , " she said .
tr	11	Told me everything about the assassination , about what my ... . "
tr	10	A minor panic broke out among those nearest the water as the ship began filling their horizon .
tr	5	' The finest gloves , the softest leather ; a second skin -- a most sensuous experience .
tr	9	" Oh , nothing , it can wait " he said which I thought showed shrewd intellect .
tr	8	No , he had learned it through the smells , the sights , the sounds , the caresses .
tr	8	Anna considered her answer a moment before answering , " Four . "
tr	8	She frowned , not trusting his remark , and he went on .
tr	10	" So I went outside to see what it was .
tr	9	" It appears it was targeted but the bomb went off course and detonated over the Atlantic . "
tr	8	She turned to Vivien ... " well ?
tr	5	For some people , their bodies give out .
tr	9	" If your allegiance is to your king then this quest you must support in place of the Searcher .
tr	8	* * * Las Vegas has a hangover in the morning .
tr	9	' There 's a large population of immortals in Vienna .
tr	8	" I think so , " he replied , " Peter and Harry too I would think .
tr	7	He 's on his bicycle , silly git , " she added with a cheeky smile .
tr	7	Everyone looked at the clerk expectantly and he looked almost sick .
tr	10	He looked American , or maybe European , and appeared to be in his early twenties .
tr	10	The campsite was just as they had left it , fire banked and food stashed close by .
tr	8	With lightning speed and with one blow to the jaw he sent him against Pierre with a thud .
tr	8	The bloody turkey only just fits in the Aga and there 's only ten of us ! "
tr	10	We slowly continue northeast until we get within 200 meters .
tr	7	Gabe is behind him , gun trained on me ... again .
tr	6	" But , I ... you sent me away ! "
tr	10	They had reasoned that there would be one there .
tr	8	" I 've heard of the Anasazi , " Jan brightened .
tr	8	He addressed me with a look of anger .
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	6	a voice with an English accent unexpectedly called over the speaker in the elevator .
tr	7	The forests were traveled little , if at all .
tr	10	A blue light began to flash , indicating that the airlock was pressurizing .
tr	5	" The Last Midnight - and no morning afterward , " Bonnie said .
tr	5	Then after a good long moment , " Oh , God . "
tr	10	That really got everybody 's attention and he and Spade had to endure friendly stabs from all directions .
tr	9	" You can 't punch me , because I 'm just a kid !
tr	10	This was his first pass through as he searched for casualties .
tr	9	You need to go to the store ?
tr	10	His stomach twisted violently and he was almost sick as the hand deposited him unceremoniously into a rickety wooden chair .
tr	8	Although he looked ashamed , to our surprise he appeared normal again .
tr	11	Momentarily confused , she immediately ceases her graceful actions , utilizing more instinctual mannerisms to search for her father .
tr	8	This time Camden reluctantly charged forward and thrust straight ahead at Mal 's middle .
tr	8	The engine noise cut slightly and the plane dropped a few metres , interrupting his concentration .
tr	10	She 's going to make me pay .
tr	11	Let them think we gave in .
tr	7	He planted a kiss on her upturned forehead , then brought his attention to the strange youth at her side .
tr	9	How Sophia left with her family to Bulgaria and how Natalie stayed with her family at their parents .
tr	11	It would be easy to get lost here .
tr	8	One advantage they would keep was that black creatures were a noisy folk .
tr	5	" Hurry up Dane , there is a gas leak . "
tr	9	" Did you think that we talk in grunts ? "
tr	9	You will nourish yourself from their lives , and it shall be an appropriate start to your new existence . "
tr	8	But do I get a reward , Barbara ? "
tr	8	By the end of the trip though , Scarborough had schemed a completely new identity for herself and her equine companion .
tr	9	A blissful kind of warmth overtakes his senses as he begins to wake from his deep sleep .
tr	9	" She 'd never leave without making alternate arrangements . "
tr	7	It opened and a read head woman with green eyes came into the picture .
tr	9	Not only was it a baby , it 's also -- well you get the point .
tr	10	The girl was not from their academy , denoted by a different uniform she wore .
tr	8	He dropped the end of a rope ladder and swiftly climbed down to the ground .
tr	7	Whether or not those people appreciate your service is irrelevant . "
tr	8	This -- " He gestured broadly , at a loss for words .
tr	9	Make sure you 're safe .
tr	5	" Thank you , Edie May .
tr	10	If you know the exact coordinates of the location as well as an altitude , you can say it .
tr	7	" I don 't know , " Nate said , dumbfounded , " I can 't possibly know . "
tr	9	But we 've got plenty of time to fix that . "
tr	10	" I wanted to sit next to Simon or Neil , but Simon was too busy turning pages for that sister .
tr	7	" I can 't help it , I just do .
tr	8	She takes care of her grandmother and counts on this job . "
tr	10	Loneliness and hatred , those are the things that she had seen on her soul .
tr	5	Zoological garden , main entrance , in two hours . "
tr	7	Then , where the bend sharpened , Blake spotted a glitter of bluish light from beneath the surface .
tr	9	It was enough time for her to lose consciousness .
tr	7	With a bit of snow falling , the whole scene was idyllic .
tr	10	" Switch to night vision and head for the stairs on the southwest corner of the building .
tr	6	" Yes , Your Highness , " her head servant replied and quickly left the grooming room .
tr	10	Except that his brother likes to dress like a mime and try and kill people .
tr	8	Before Gordon could answer , there was knocking at the door , and Manuel went and let his mother in .
tr	10	One of us may know the individual who was their intended target . '
tr	9	" She twists the truth to confuse you .
tr	10	I won 't be able to face him . "
tr	9	He was just looking at me without saying anything .
tr	8	asked Jonesy during the third round of push-ups .
tr	6	Dr. Ortega 's face shone slick with sweat above a bushy black beard .
tr	10	Tarleton collapsed back in the chair , his breath catching in his throat .
tr	8	The sound of their feet on the loose gravel made him look up .
tr	9	I have heard many things about this pirate and Isle of Saint Marie .
tr	11	I thought he was going to cry .
tr	9	As he did , he was immediately struck by the smell of straw .
tr	6	Her eyes were a perfect blue , without a single man-made flaw , like the deep ocean or peacock feather .
tr	7	I just make them work . "
tr	6	And tallest among them , with a long wooden handle , was a fork .
tr	11	When Tori fixed her hair she looked up and saw who was talking to her .
tr	9	You must see my garden ; the azaleas are wonderful this time of year . "
tr	9	Now the harbour is sited along the banks of the river Witham .
tr	8	That was far too easy , far too warm there in the water so close to her .
tr	6	" Come on you two , time for photos , " Kayla 's mom tells us .
tr	8	It would not be long before her child came .
tr	11	When you sit down to lunch you must invite the housekeeper to sit with you .
tr	11	' You had to say it , didn 't you ? '
tr	10	They continued down the road , made of hard packed dirt , a decent ways .
tr	11	Her rational mind warned that the mystery man hadn 't agreed to follow .
tr	6	A tall , lanky man with dark hair and skin , perhaps forty years old , stepped into their private sanctuary .
tr	7	She had straight , long brown hair around a pretty round face .
tr	7	" I see , I see , one of your well-planned tricks again ! "
tr	7	As it did so , the stone turned to flesh .
tr	10	You think it 's something for something .
tr	10	But , again , it couldn 't hurt to play it safe .
tr	6	' Oh , you mean my little Coupé 650i SE , ' Ben Taylor said , and grinned .
tr	9	He 'd scan it himself afterward , to double-check the results .
tr	10	There were other pulls there as well .
tr	11	Thirty minutes had passed since Whisper had found Candice 's room .
tr	5	" A trifle blunt , though , wouldn 't you say ? "
tr	8	There were two Federal United Express packages waiting for him .
tr	8	so what have we got here ? "
tr	9	One of his friends , Stuart , used the money to finance a drug deal .
tr	6	" Remember , " Jim said , " This smacks of the Da Vinci Code .
tr	9	I pondered this for only a moment until I walked headlong into a wall .
tr	8	Trees flashed by him to either side at an astounding rate .
tr	7	We needed new outfits , ceremonial swords and new pistols , shoes , and masks .
tr	6	You were so brave , my Rosa . "
tr	8	" Now I am for bed , children , so off you go .
tr	9	Archie stopped at the London office of the Gull Oil Company and went inside .
tr	10	She spoke in French , so I just nodded my head and said , " Oui . "
tr	7	Satisfied , she got up from her chair and headed for the break room .
tr	11	He fell silent , not knowing what else to say , feeling numb and empty .
tr	5	" And that 's not everything !
tr	11	And do you have any idea who you 're speaking to ?
tr	8	" You know what I mean , " said Sampson impatiently .
tr	9	" Over 600 acres filled with people wandering off by themselves .
tr	9	Closing the distance hurriedly , Link 's sword finds nothing but air as the warlock launches himself skyward once again .
tr	11	That 's where I met some fishermen and got acquainted with them .
tr	8	There has to be another way .
tr	10	The web pulsed and crackled with the energy of flame , engulfing the stone and pouring through it .
tr	6	" You have many friends , " he said coolly , in accented English .
tr	5	" OK , " she accepted the honor .
tr	6	Rafe looked around at the many hoof prints .
tr	10	" I 'll draw him a map he won 't ever lose . "
tr	10	Some things just cannot not be washed out , he thought , turning away while she removed her dress .
tr	10	The panicked children turn to him for answers , but he doesn 't know what to do .
tr	5	The cool , moist , forest air and the immense trees gave the place a very mysterious feel .
tr	7	Finan answered , not missing his queue this time .
tr	8	Now , without the desperation and anxiety pumping through his veins , he was incredibly tired .
tr	6	His strong voice carried across the garden .
tr	11	I do hope you 're kidding .
tr	9	What was it Benny had said ?
tr	7	She released me quickly and turned to the other man .
tr	8	He waved his finger in front of the display to draw their attention , remaining silent .
tr	11	Have you forgotten that we are here to make a profit ?
tr	8	" Four ... 5 ... ... maybe 6 ... 7 ... 9 ... .12 ... 14 ... 18 feet ! "
tr	10	Adele emerged from the library , wiping her hands dry on a cloth .
tr	9	It was carved out of very dark laminated wood and had the hub of its predecessor already installed .
tr	5	Rough area , high crime , floozy hangout , drug ridden , homicides , gang turf .
tr	7	' I 'm not too bad with them . '
tr	9	It 's called I Can 't Wish . '
tr	10	' Well , that seems to be it for the time being , ' said Victor briskly .
tr	8	There 's no use going after it .
tr	6	Landon was his only remaining son and his greatest pride .
tr	8	It was cold and wet , but it let him swallow the dry food .
tr	10	I 'll bet every utensil is in a precisely measured spot . "
tr	7	" The bullet clipped his liver , " he said quietly , " I 've seen it before .
tr	9	Although it was not a rattlesnake Scott realized the coyote was taking no chances .
tr	8	The Prince , still unsure , took a deep breath and let his eyelids flutter closed .
tr	5	" In some environments , safety and truth are natural born enemies .
tr	6	This is , was , his wife .
tr	10	Trouble is the church has only a few members .
tr	8	At least that way they 'd keep the punters in the venue and take more bar money . '
tr	9	I hope they didn 't bore you . "
tr	7	" Well , these weeks past ... one of the women in town , she ... she 's a witch . "
tr	8	They can go wherever they want .
tr	7	Aimee is a valued part of the team . "
tr	10	" And I care about her well-being much more than I care about you . "
tr	7	It is a very long game , " she added importantly .
tr	10	said Gus who was hugging the wall .
tr	8	Her brief flash of grief was gone , replaced by seething anger .
tr	9	Do you need money ? "
tr	6	A few hundred more and we 'll be up and away . "
tr	6	He was like a Colonel Blimp .
tr	11	The most horrible sensation throbs from his wound and it is enough to cut his visit to the forest short .
tr	8	" Do you know of a way out of here ?
tr	11	Bradley expected to hear the sound of steps , but he didn 't .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " said Beau .
tr	10	Friends who had gotten ill .
tr	8	I hear a TV chattering in the next room .
tr	8	" Can 't I get a little privacy ? "
tr	8	I screamed at Phillip , thrusting him behind the wardrobe .
tr	11	Enemy or not , he needs Rho 's protection if he intends to survive the night .
tr	6	Lawn mower , leaf blower , it didn 't matter , just something small without an electronic ignition or brain .
tr	9	I think Google might become my friend .
tr	7	After a short sail out of the harbor , they met up with the Wandering Wench .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	9	A reminder that she is not as weak as she looks .
tr	9	Watching the gurgling torrent subside with a sense of pride , Rift finally turns to leave the dark realm .
tr	5	" That is not true ! "
tr	7	He moved past the golden statue , and looked around for the third .
tr	5	" No , Little One , " Cyrus smiled and sipped .
tr	11	I 'm glad he 's stopped screaming .
tr	7	He pressed his mouth against mine harder , and a thrill ran through my insides .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	11	So you 'll be able to meet them in a little while . "
tr	7	They were given three meals a day but never let out of the room .
tr	11	I shouted as I stomped towards Atticus with fire in my eyes .
tr	7	There is evil here in this place , he thought .
tr	10	She knew he was just being honest -- and she knew she reeked of sweat .
tr	6	" Assault rifles , smoke grenades , and explosive grenades , " Alex says .
tr	5	The only questions left are the dangerous ones .
tr	6	" So ... did you get the crystal ? "
tr	6	" But it 's true , Lora , " the captain said to her .
tr	9	" Anything in the mail this morning on the ' manager front ' Jen ? "
tr	8	You could always count on Callie for a tissue or a bandaid or anything .
tr	8	" Whether I like him or not is irrelevant ; shagging the boss can only lead to trouble . "
tr	11	Michael looked ready to start digging if necessary .
tr	11	That 's where it started to get interesting .
tr	6	" So all this time , " asked Zook , " Magic really existed ? "
tr	10	' How about I explain everything when we get on board . '
tr	10	" You three had better hope that she never gets free of her bonds .
tr	8	Three men might be caught , but one can slip through easier .
tr	6	I mean , look at us , here .
tr	7	There were sounds of a scuffle .
tr	7	He 's ex-military , Irish Guards actually , but years ago he jumped ship to the other side .
tr	11	I had been hoping to find some answers in Paris .
tr	9	It was taken point-blank , straight at the wall in question .
tr	8	Risky , that , accusing the Almighty of incompetence ... " He raised a third finger and paused , frowning .
tr	11	We can 't go up because the storm will tear us to bits .
tr	7	Aries turned to the two Highlanders and sized them up .
tr	8	It had to be stopped .
tr	11	I stopped panting because I stopped breathing .
tr	11	I am hanging on to her arm for dear life .
tr	9	There was nothing in there but rocks .
tr	9	Last chance at redemption : Where ... is ... the ... fucking GPS ? "
tr	11	They may have been stolen from a junkyard and refitted or perhaps purchased cheap .
tr	6	' The lady didn 't sound very happy . '
tr	10	Anna rose in front of our grandfather 's still form and stared fearlessly into the barrel of the pistol .
tr	8	He 'll be on the move again and we 'll find him . "
tr	7	Suddenly , unexpectedly , in front of his closed eyelids he saw a tunnel of spiraling colored lights .
tr	9	No one had bothered to tell me .
tr	7	Let him be hanged ! "
tr	11	Looking up Amy smiled as he bent in to kiss her cheek .
tr	6	Of all this , of course , Lord Rafe was in ignorance .
tr	7	Something that had the shape of a human .
tr	7	Darkness will arrive shortly ; it will be our best cover . "
tr	6	" Wow , that was fast , " Tori thought and looked at her watch .
tr	7	The captain nodded in her direction and they started the meal .
tr	8	After the introductions were completed they all sat around the table and chatted for a while .
tr	6	I slipped out the door and joined the flow .
tr	9	A second later the Barrett to Joshua 's right boomed and he saw a splash of water near the gangplank .
tr	11	I had trouble collecting the blood because the clots kept clogging up the needle .
tr	9	It came time for bed , so they all said good night and went to sleep .
tr	7	" Carrying the water and sifting the sludge , " the last man said .
tr	8	" Guess you want some answers , huh ? "
tr	8	The sheriff jammed his thumb over his shoulder , aiming at the dead coyote outside .
tr	10	" Surely they have to be connected to something . "
tr	7	Her hair was plastered to her head .
tr	7	She came back to him with a questioning expression .
tr	5	With marble , the smaller and rounder rocks were often the big sellers .
tr	9	" What 's the one place where regular shipments and airtight security are completely unnoticeable ?
tr	6	" Is that true ? "
tr	10	I 'll be lucky if I don 't get sacked .
tr	8	Moments later , Isaac made it to the other side of the snowy slope .
tr	6	Just what exactly did the thirteen-year-old suspect ?
tr	8	His father paused for a moment and a sad smile crossed his face .
tr	6	" Bloody Hell , " said George , " that 's a turn up for the book . "
tr	7	Get lost in the mountains . "
tr	8	Probably have a lot going on , Susan thought .
tr	6	" It 's just that ... " " I know . "
tr	10	The boy can 't help but wonder where he fits into such a balance .
tr	10	How many times have I told you to stay out of the yard ? "
tr	10	Instead , she found herself turning toward the pasture at a run .
tr	10	* * * Gabe cradles a bowl of drowned cereal in his arm as he clicks through emails .
tr	8	However , the victor of a duel must attend the burning ceremony for the defeated .
tr	7	Gabe 's laugh has only a touch of strain .
tr	8	" Go back to the village and stay there , " he said .
tr	9	" Next you will be letting her feed you ! "
tr	8	Probably the group who chartered the bus .
tr	5	And certainly not with his new enhanced strength pulsing through his body .
tr	6	But you didn 't even give me a choice ! "
tr	6	The man opened his eyes and looked around him .
tr	6	She had long black hair , pale skin , and a pointed tail just like Bea .
tr	9	" Beer can 's temperature 10 degrees on the plus side this time , toasty !
tr	11	Let them know I 'm coming ?
tr	10	pack on his back ... rifle strapped to his chest ... . .
tr	6	Yes , our lucky numbers are : 4 , 6 , 9 , 10 , 22 , and 30 .
tr	7	" My tastes stray to the dark as well , " said Lord Harald .
tr	6	The day a friend in the West Mercia Police called him with the news .
tr	8	" Have you ever heard of William Tecumseh Sherman ? "
tr	10	" As much as I like the exercise , " he starts , scanning the distance for anything worth noting .
tr	6	" Oh , well , that 's handy , " she said with a wry grin .
tr	11	I need to take care of mum first " replied Simon after thinking about it for a while .
tr	11	I 'm guessing you 're the one applying the heat ? "
tr	10	" The doctors said they would look into it . "
tr	8	Feeling the need for stealth , I crawled along the side of the house .
tr	9	Billy walked right behind Connor as he and Maria were finishing their conversation .
tr	8	They 're returning to their stations , I 'm sure .
tr	6	Guards with large , scoped guns and dogs on thick , black leashes patrolled every inch inside and outside the fence .
tr	9	Key parts of the technology were incomplete , and required industry specialists and development only possible through commercialization .
tr	11	Zed seems to be on top of it . "
tr	5	' Oh tea , lovely , ' Katherine said .
tr	11	Right now , we have billions of cute little girls to save , don 't we ? "
tr	9	Instead of waiting two days to heal and recover you 'll do it virtually instantaneously .
tr	6	" Well in that case , take a seat and strap yourself in .
tr	6	This was twenty-five years ago .
tr	9	She had to get out of there .
tr	8	" Tell me why you have it again ? "
tr	11	The Board are asking for reassurance that your work will provide value for money .
tr	5	" Calm down , please , don 't do this . "
tr	8	" Anything , " cried Avery growing more excited , " Anything at all ! "
tr	6	" Like your brother 's name ? "
tr	7	Ali gave his orders to his men ; they mounted up and followed the vehicle .
tr	7	he teased her , squeezing her tightly .
tr	7	" What exactly are we seeing here , Tom ? "
tr	6	" My sister Lori , you ... " " Yah , " Nick answered .
tr	8	She quickly gathered up one stocking and slipped it over Miriam 's toe .
tr	11	Malcolm stood at the edge of the kitchen , like a cat about to eat his favorite meal .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry I pushed you .
tr	5	On your return trip , the same will happen .
tr	10	It was totally appropriate that she be there for my coronation . "
tr	9	Arranged to meet for coffee .
tr	10	he said as he walked out the door towards the elevator .
tr	5	" So the Alpha held all the cards ? "
tr	7	" Jack , sit down with Mary and put together a release .
tr	7	The locals tagged ' eh ' onto almost every sentence as if making it a question .
tr	8	" Are they older or younger than you ? "
tr	8	There is no time to explain further .
tr	8	Without warning , a gigantic piece of stone from the windmill smashes up through the building at an angle .
tr	11	Did that mean all was lost ? "
tr	11	Time seemed to go in slow motion for me .
tr	7	Yet nowhere in the yard was there a sign of his family .
tr	6	" Her mind is synchronized , " she says with astonishment .
tr	7	Beppe , taken by surprise by the question , broke out in a loud laughter .
tr	6	Taylor 's wristwatch showed ten minutes after five .
tr	8	The hostels back home had been mostly full of families , school groups , or couples .
tr	10	He might be pitied on her by the distressed look on her face .
tr	9	One day the children set off to bathe a long way from the town .
tr	8	Elaina trailed behind , eyes lingering on the hut .
tr	8	" We all need a lot of grace right now , " he said hoarsely .
tr	6	" Keep still , " said a calm , quiet voice .
tr	9	This matter is surely in the realm of wizards , " Clancy answered .
tr	10	Come on , what would you like to do with a time machine ? "
tr	7	Dan Jansen looked at the massive black bear again then looked down at the pup .
tr	6	Monti and Dane grab the tranquilizer guns and Cole gets the pistol .
tr	10	Brazen abandoned the plan after a brief probe and settled with just driving the invaders out of the city .
tr	7	You 've been a fool , Gabriel .
tr	8	That kiss was important to her , it was the first actually and it was from him .
tr	10	This was going to be loud , he thought .
tr	11	She needs to know what her boyfriend is all about . "
tr	8	They rode slightly easier through the forests of the great firs .
tr	5	" Yes , but that 's not the point .
tr	6	" No , it 's fine , " he lies .
tr	7	His heart was still racing , but he was on his way to a normal condition .
tr	8	" The poor lad never knew it was coming .
tr	8	She cursed herself for letting her guard down , for not trusting her instincts .
tr	8	Even so , it was definitely time for a break , before her legs dropped off .
tr	10	It was all about doing what Allah wanted .
tr	9	" Tell you what , " I said , " let 's shake on it ? "
tr	8	Angelique closed her eyes and bowed her head , " Mon Dieu , I have sinned .
tr	8	A single , narrow access door stood in the north wall of the structure .
tr	6	" You 're right , " Nate agreed , " let 's go . "
tr	8	" Every student 's dream , " Tori said when the History teacher came in .
tr	11	She told me about the dogs that we need to fear most .
tr	8	How was he to know ?
tr	7	Get it together , he told himself taking a few quick breathes .
tr	5	" An American , " cooed Di Luca .
tr	7	An owl flew straight at him and nipped his ear .
tr	10	It was time to make herself scarce .
tr	7	Our brothers must have found it . "
tr	6	" Oh , that , " Simon replied , relaxing .
tr	11	She forgot herself , extended a hand toward him as she pointed to the paper .
tr	7	He is surrounded by silence .
tr	7	" Seems to me unfair .
tr	6	" Because if you weren 't , you wouldn 't exist . "
tr	10	So here is what I propose to do .
tr	11	It would be interesting to spar with her .
tr	7	Reid paused at my side and fired the Glock in rapid succession .
tr	6	Caught in the chest , just underneath the arms , Liam disappears through the bush .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes began the climb down the mountain -- his mind and body now ready for the conquest .
tr	9	Thanks to Jimmy they were too high up on the trail for the sea lions to reach them .
tr	7	Long , thin , and perfect -- striated blue streaks ran throughout the individual barbs , forming complex geometrical patterns .
tr	10	A collection of framed photographs on one of the bookshelves drew his attention .
tr	9	After an hour , Landon dared to speak again , wincing as he did .
tr	8	Natalie and Sophia sat at a bench just a little bit away from the central alley .
tr	8	Tork was quick to react .
tr	5	" You always win , " he complained .
tr	8	Elaina went on , jerking him back the present .
tr	11	Zero didn 't answer , already focusing his attention on studying his waiting adversary .
tr	6	At least ' til I finally woke up in a hospital in Christchurch . "
tr	9	Maybe I am going to see the real enemy .
tr	6	Landon 's grin was triumphant , there was his passion matched .
tr	6	Their bearing was a good indicator but alert eyes were always the best give-away .
tr	10	Logan had broken cover and sprinted to join the melee .
tr	7	" I didn 't do it on purpose .
tr	8	" We go down those steps once or twice a day , and nothing ever happens .
tr	7	Now he is all wrapped up like a present . "
tr	10	' I 'm only expressing the views of a few members of the First and Second Councils . '
tr	11	Quietly , he said , " The group 's going to hell faster than I feared .
tr	9	" There is evil in that forest , and the evil is hungry , " Hilda said .
tr	11	The excitement overshadowed the worries regarding lack of transportation to gigs .
tr	9	The money was all neatly bundled into packs with paper bands .
tr	8	I understood that she was stupid but not hypocrite .
tr	8	We reached the entrance to the palace at the end of the corridor .
tr	6	He is like a big old bear .
tr	11	enough for Harry to have to buy the drinks in the clubhouse .
tr	8	Let me rest in peace .
tr	5	Their wristwatches , cell phones , the two trucks , all dead .
tr	8	" Millennia , dork , centuries are a hundred years , a millennium is a thousand , " corrected Kaylie .
tr	9	Thinking of it , his eyes began to burn with tears .
tr	6	He tipped his head back for the last drops from his cup .
tr	9	" That line only works if she actually didn 't say it .
tr	7	One of the young men helps me to my feet and we walk back to camp .
tr	8	They were sent from Switzerland and all told of your good health and happy hunting . "
tr	8	At the door of the lord 's stables , Hilda chanted a strange song .
tr	8	he said half sarcastically , remembering mandatory civil service and civil militia drills he had when he was younger .
tr	6	" Oooh , ' the Captain 's lady ' , " she giggled .
tr	6	He 's been stalling . "
tr	5	After a little while the boss 's bodyguard appeared .
tr	9	' At least half the immortals on the planet are no longer trying to kill you . '
tr	10	Hailey laughed and Mariposa snickered , relieved she was in friendly company .
tr	9	" Yes " Phillip said while glancing at Trudy .
tr	11	I thought there 'd be more info at eight .
tr	7	Kevin took two water buckets to the lake and filled them up .
tr	6	I didn 't dare move .
tr	11	Some of them were what I 've always thought of as leftovers .
tr	7	Rest up , let your wounds heal , and then we will make plans . "
tr	9	Amanda tossed her keys onto the floor of the Mini and closed the door with a thunk .
tr	9	A cool breeze was blowing in from the Virginia coastline when we reached the landing strip .
tr	7	Together the pair came down the hill toward the truck .
tr	7	He looked around and opened his mouth , as if hesitating .
tr	9	It was the same feeling that she felt at that moment .
tr	10	" Are you trying to insult me yet further ? "
tr	8	I tried it before and it does not work for me . "
tr	9	The window was probably concerned with the United States ' rivals on Earth as well .
tr	8	Things will seem strange , and sometimes what seems true is not .
tr	9	Far from being on a deserted tropical island , he was on a very large airfield .
tr	10	They found a place where they could watch the river , without being seen .
tr	6	" She 's hungry , " Gabe says .
tr	11	" What do you think is the purpose of existence ? "
tr	9	" Aww , do I have to ?
tr	11	That 's when the Imp companies started working for the government .
tr	7	Hiro looked in at it , then slid his fingers into the crack and peeled the steel open .
tr	5	Or at least not unhappy .
tr	9	Nathan thought for a moment and then nodded approvingly , " Good .
tr	7	" Shake it Jack , " the author put in , " I 'll take the next verses . "
tr	10	Abe said , " I 'll take care of it ... .
tr	8	I 've set a lot of broken noses , including mine . "
tr	6	" If the angels win , it 's all over .
tr	9	The nearby sound of gulls filled the silence left by the engine 's rest .
tr	8	Logan moved a little closer toward Josie , a big grin on his face .
tr	7	The thirty foot wide circle of ash smelled of burnt plastic .
tr	8	The little house in the Wilds came alive as it never had before .
tr	9	George is probably quite safe just now although where he is is anyone 's guess .
tr	7	As she opened her bright green eyes a smile spread over John Taylor 's face .
tr	5	" Of course , that 's your new little guitar player right ? "
tr	6	Fear filled her eyes but no sound came out .
tr	5	" So you remember everything now ? "
tr	6	He winked at Edie May .
tr	9	Because she wasn 't one of them .
tr	9	Then she added Bump to the terrarium to keep the hurt Lizard company .
tr	10	Tears fell from his eyes as he fasten the chain on her nape .
tr	8	" I worked with the man for three years ... " Victoria 's voice cracked , trailing off .
tr	11	" The people we use to feed our pregnant Vampires . "
tr	11	The track that Lord Rand had chosen to take was of a much shallower gradient .
tr	7	He chose the 30 mm Vulcans for their higher muzzle velocity .
tr	9	I couldn 't ignore the voice ; therefore I opened the door , looking at her white slippers .
tr	6	Never speaking out loud , they argued , quarreled , tension crackling between them like a violent storm .
tr	7	Missy rolled down her window and breathed in the warm mid-June air .
tr	7	# 67 PIANO THEME After a while , Julian carefully pulled her away and stood up .
tr	8	The photos were grainy and lacking in detail .
tr	7	But he 'd be back with his minions .
tr	6	And a little bit of espionage .
tr	6	" Well , yeah , the whole thing is in our data bank .
tr	9	It was locked and had a closed sign hanging in the window .
tr	10	Neil couldn 't help staring at one particularly ripe mango , and his stomach contracted .
tr	10	" I know how to communicate with your mother .
tr	6	The Prince 's physical strength , eyesight , hearing , taste , touch , smell , speed , all were doubled .
tr	6	He shouldn 't be alive .
tr	10	He wondered if he should be checking hospitals .
tr	9	' I 'm sending the two of you to collect him . '
tr	11	Couldn 't I just show you how to fancy a girl in my time ?
tr	6	" Thanks for breakfast . "
tr	6	More than anything , Chris remembered his dad seeming taller and sweaty that night .
tr	9	Her men were now running towards the fortress from their respective sentry points at the sound of the gunshots .
tr	11	' Yes she should , you allowed that prick over there to insult her . '
tr	9	He started to say something , then stopped .
tr	6	Wherever a person went , their line followed behind them , like a scent trail .
tr	10	His eyes rolled back as his lids closed down upon them and he drifted away from the world of the living .
tr	9	She blushed at this , as if ashamed of her inaction , but she continued .
tr	9	He could see them coming a mile away and took advantage of their willingness on occasion .
tr	8	" Did you close yourself after she died ? "
tr	5	' He 's a tough old man . '
tr	6	Shocked murmurs broke around the table at this news .
tr	6	" I love you too , " Maya declares with a sob .
tr	9	Seeing two drinks she wondered whether some girl had stood him up .
tr	8	Man : This is Bob ... Woman : And Kathy McGee .
tr	9	The winter air slapped her in the face , numbing her senses and causing her eyes to water .
tr	6	The one with the white blob between his eyes ? "
tr	10	He was racing not for his own life but for that of another .
tr	7	There was a sunken cruiser just the other side of the sand bar .
tr	8	He had an uncanny knowledge about little known cultures .
tr	8	She was close to tears and her outstretched hands shook slightly .
tr	5	' Shit , ' the voice finally said dully .
tr	7	he demanded " Captain Roberto of the Contra O Vento .
tr	11	Dark forces want to turn you away from the path of righteousness .
tr	10	Definitely knows I 'm behind this , thought Cal .
tr	11	Eventually , after what seemed like hours of thinking , he spoke .
tr	10	The impact throws him off his feet as the collision resembles a stationary baseball meeting a swinging bat .
tr	10	I have to get back to the gate , " and the happy sergeant returned to his post .
tr	7	With that in mind , you also cannot get it wrong , ever .
tr	9	I can find my way out of the city from here . "
tr	10	" We 're getting ready to rush them . "
tr	9	When Rupert had finished praying , Alejo felt too weak to get up just yet .
tr	8	It wasn 't ' people ' who died .
tr	6	All the memories were mine and then the fire died out suddenly .
tr	5	' Hello , Mikael , ' I said coldly .
tr	10	" So we 've done the Amethyst Empress a favor by killing these fools , " Hai Hai said .
tr	5	" There is one , single , solitary , useless room ! "
tr	8	He had reintroduced the mode of rickshaw transportation to the islands .
tr	9	I need to go to bed . "
tr	8	Silver birches crowded the foot of the mountains on the left , and the wind made them almost whisper .
tr	10	" My lord is aware , I think , that he is not loved of all men . "
tr	9	I lost my balance and found myself flat on the floor .
tr	8	" No , she ... " " THEY ALWAYS FEED ON HUMANS . "
tr	9	She smiled as her visitor was ushered in , noticing his involuntary reaction to her appearance .
tr	9	How exactly do I tell a grandmother that her only living relative is missing ?
tr	5	" Not now , not in a hundred years , not ever .
tr	9	I began to calmly walk toward the Citadel .
tr	7	The first cube would need six sides , but each cube after that only needed five .
tr	9	The ride would end with her arms around her child , holding him safely and snugly to her heart .
tr	7	Brogan nodded sagely and smiled within himself .
tr	8	" And we know all of your secrets , Exile ! "
tr	5	" Fine -- then give me another answer , Kai . "
tr	5	" When I was a kid . "
tr	11	Do you know where we are ? "
tr	10	No one knew you had so much animosity toward him .
tr	8	Half an hour later , I had completed my search of the park .
tr	8	" You can 't go round being racist . "
tr	10	And I woke up hugged by him and after that he kissed my forehead like a true parent .
tr	9	The driver did so , walked to the back of the truck and then unlocked the doors .
tr	9	" But she 's not your life partner , is she ? "
tr	11	There weren 't supposed to be other people on the bus .
tr	5	" No way , Valerie , " Tomas , the second man , said .
tr	11	said Michael politely trying to keep the conversation going .
tr	6	' Quite an int ' resting long vacation , really , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	5	" I 'm the pudding . "
tr	8	I 'd seen the man ; not only was he an ugly brute , but he possessed a cruel nature .
tr	10	It was a brand new coin with a hole neatly drilled through it .
tr	7	She wanted him for herself , so she lured him into the woods and she took him .
tr	10	His highly unusual accent grabs the Princess ' attention as she forgives the interruption for now .
tr	9	" There you 'll find the members of The Seven , " Mrs. Collins said .
tr	10	It 's nothing to bother you about .
tr	6	He pushed open the heavy door , and in amazement , he saw her .
tr	9	" I do not know ; I thought I heard something . "
tr	7	She wandered over to the bed and collapsed on it with slumped shoulders .
tr	6	" Farewell to civilization , " Gabe says with a laugh .
tr	8	I needed to shrug this off .
tr	6	" Come on , there 's a way down over here ! "
tr	6	He had dark hair and eyes and a dark personality .
tr	10	" I think it 's melting snow from the fire . "
tr	9	" We think perhaps the witch has left us . "
tr	8	" Alright , let 's go announce partial victory . "
tr	10	" He really should eat it , I think I shall take it to him . "
tr	7	He hadn 't thought of that .
tr	9	" I banished him to the realm of the Confederation to face his mistress and mother , " Adam replied .
tr	8	But now , let 's get down to business .
tr	11	My father was a Creole who knew not what to do with a female child .
tr	8	" Best run while you can , " said the deputy .
tr	8	When I reached the captain 's cabin , the substitute captain was fuming .
tr	8	But , Suzi had ignited his interest on a ski holiday in the Bavarian Alps years earlier .
tr	6	" But we need you here , " said Ellen , her voice cracking a bit .
tr	8	' He hid it inside a locker , ' I added , deliberately avoiding Reid 's gaze .
tr	7	Alfred locked the door to the single occupancy executive washroom and sent a message to his intelligence contact in Asia .
tr	9	We 'll just stay here until you are , then , " he told them all .
tr	9	Every one turned to look at Bron in surprise , having entirely forgotten his presence .
tr	9	he asked , ripping off a chunk of bread .
tr	7	I just smiled and put my hand on her shoulder .
tr	9	Callahan was standing over your body in the breakfast room .
tr	5	" Okay , so then , um , I 'm confused . "
tr	6	With this deed , my debt to the old man had been repaid .
tr	8	' I was so bored on that trip , I must 've driven you crazy . '
tr	9	Frank got up and started stuffing his gear into his carry-on .
tr	10	We 'll have to steal it from Tracy . "
tr	7	He wore only his chocolate brown pullover and kept his black leather jacket in the left hand .
tr	5	Isaac smiled , his smile , sweet and knowing , eased her agitation immediately .
tr	8	Let 's just stand up through the sun roof and shoot , " Dane says as he stands up .
tr	7	I flew open the door and let the light flood the church .
tr	5	Men , women , children . "
tr	11	He covered it quickly , anxious to get back to his main concern .
tr	9	" I 'm never going to feel safe again . "
tr	9	At least we don 't have to go down there , snobby bunch . "
tr	10	Following a thorough soaping Calvin rinsed his clothes before tying the towel round his waist .
tr	6	Thereafter , all his relatives and friends came hunting apes through gullies , gaps and glens .
tr	5	" You try , no charge , " Flyer apparently knew this customer .
tr	9	You never know which side they 're playing for . "
tr	8	If I hadn 't been there at all , this likely wouldn 't have happened .
tr	10	" If I have to humble you , I will , little buttercup ! "
tr	11	It hasn 't been always as pretty as it is now , though , " she added with a wink .
tr	8	She smiled broadly and Anderson followed suit , breaking the tension .
tr	11	I found it hard to believe myself at first .
tr	10	We heard you were up in these parts .
tr	7	" About two hundred yards out . "
tr	11	I 'm not sure we have the budget for it .
tr	9	' I 've sent Hubert several samples of blood from other immortals in the last few years . '
tr	8	Could all the things I 've heard about this man be true ?
tr	10	Even today , I have no reservations about you or the firm , I hope you hold none against me . "
tr	11	It made him want to kiss her .
tr	6	His mouth was parched and his tongue and teeth felt rancid and furry .
tr	5	" Even you aren 't that low , Vincent . "
tr	8	It was nice in the kitchen , she thought , at least when Mrs. Williams didn 't rant and roar .
tr	8	His legs had grown numb and his vision was getting blurry .
tr	11	The waves stood ten feet high , towering over them before they crashed down on top of them .
tr	11	She shooed her husband to the bathroom to shower like she always had to .
tr	11	" Was that meant to be humor ? "
tr	6	" Actually , " replied Verity , " my ankle is feeling a great deal better . "
tr	10	He began to reach for her again but Jess raised her hands .
tr	6	" No , come on , what are you doing ? "
tr	10	I 'm not sure I believed my own words , and I was certain Zeal didn 't .
tr	11	Leo turned as he continued to walk away .
tr	6	It made no sense , yet in its own way , it was the only reasonable explanation .
tr	6	" Come on , it 's a big night and it turned out okay last year , right ? "
tr	7	Eda looked over her shoulder and all around .
tr	10	Brenner , the Yorkshireman , asked , " what 's the codename for the job and the extraction ? "
tr	7	A minute later , sunlight flooded the car , nearly blinding them .
tr	6	But believe it or not , Gregory and I are not bad guys .
tr	5	" Oh , no , Your Honour , oh , no , no . "
tr	6	' Yeah , but he 's a reptile , ' Spike hissed .
tr	8	It 's like hell in there .
tr	8	Adele nodded briefly , and Eda stood and moved back to the fire .
tr	10	He probably doesn 't know they 've figured it out ! "
tr	7	" Signal your surrender to the Fearless , " Jason says pointing out the transparent bulkheads .
tr	7	Your walk is becoming just like the king 's .
tr	11	Zayne did seem to know everything .
tr	8	Was a life without him a life without hope ?
tr	8	" Sometimes , it is better to fill our hearts , then our wallet .
tr	6	The moon was full and high in the sky , lighting the moor surprisingly well .
tr	10	There 's no way it can be alive . "
tr	6	" A lot of it looks the same , the houses , the seaport , the bay .
tr	10	I guess I 've gotten rusty .
tr	9	asked Lex not believing how many there were .
tr	11	He asks , having no clue what she is implying .
tr	10	" I don 't know where we 'll stay tonight .
tr	9	Some engines run on normal gasoline , some on diesel and some on natural gas .
tr	7	He carried it back to the counter , put it down , then opened it somewhere in the middle .
tr	6	As quietly as possible , he slid the window up , and crawled inside .
tr	8	When no answer comes , he knows he is alone .
tr	10	It had been a while since he had seen her .
tr	7	The flame caught the edge of the paper .
tr	10	I will show you how to be a friend . "
tr	6	" Luce , wake up , baby , " he says , his tone deeply melodic .
tr	7	The kingdom needs him now more than ever . "
tr	5	Suddenly another figure entered the grim drama .
tr	10	When the truck started up Scott saw the little girl 's eyes widen with fear and she leaped to her feet .
tr	7	Julie had been the golden girl , loved and cherished , a friend and her future at her side .
tr	5	" Cattle , Rabbit , " Longbow said , " not exactly pets .
tr	6	" Happy Christmas , darlin ' , " she said .
tr	6	I approached a well-dressed man with a kindly look on his face .
tr	7	" None of this is coincidence , " said David , " it 's all inter-connected .
tr	7	Even Ricky had to laugh .
tr	9	" I know that the dead walk this land , " said Gunnar .
tr	7	Jen 's mouth opened in surprise , George just sat there waiting .
tr	11	He needed to possess whatever caused it .
tr	9	" No , " she gasps , spinning on her heels and stumbling back a step .
tr	9	He was possessed by the Idol of the Great Mother .
tr	8	Just as he was analysing his options , he noticed a doctor exit an office .
tr	11	Sweat was streaming off him in waves now , leaving puddles under the rolled-up legs of his jeans .
tr	9	Just a few moments ago he had been happy in spite of his restless night .
tr	9	I looked at the painting , then back at her and signalled for her to rotate the painting 45 degrees .
tr	11	" I notice that you haven 't put your name in for the response fleet .
tr	8	Above the splintering and cracking noise , the stutter of a machine gun rose from the rooftop of the opposite building .
tr	7	Still , she helped him and asked for nothing in return .
tr	5	My lover , my confidante , my friend , my ally , my psychoanalyst , my conscience , my perspective .
tr	8	she blurted , still fumbling with the zipper .
tr	11	She couldn 't see herself living there again , even if she ever got the chance .
tr	8	I don 't know if your wife still lives , young man .
tr	5	" Yes , I did , " revealed a startled Liu Hang .
tr	10	She was tied up and lying in the back of the pony cart .
tr	5	" Oh ... my ... gosh ! "
tr	7	Pulling into the County Courthouse , John backed the truck up to the door to the sheriff 's office .
tr	5	Not your parents , not mine , and certainly not any bitter exes or former crushes .
tr	6	I said in a quieter voice .
tr	7	" Is there anything more conspicuous than a royal guard ?
tr	8	Frustrated and exhausted , he pushed back from his desk and rolled down the hall toward the kitchen .
tr	9	I peel off my glove and reach through Gabe 's glowing aura to take his hand .
tr	8	" Neil , are you still thinking about food ? "
tr	11	You will be able to be with Henri .
tr	6	I then let her into my little secret .
tr	11	Missy went through the opening first followed by Lonnie on Johnny .
tr	10	After twenty minutes , I finally conceded defeat and sat up , perching on the edge of the sofa .
tr	11	As he pulled aside the flap that covered the opening , the soldier inside turned brandishing his sword .
tr	6	" He is not just a kid , " Santa said .
tr	9	He knew I could sense him .
tr	5	" In a great many senses , wizard , " she promised .
tr	6	He had light golden brown hair , light brown eyes , and olive skin tone .
tr	9	One of the gypsies took a piece of cord and tied John 's hands in front of him .
tr	5	" Where 's mine ? "
tr	5	It was all just too much .
tr	7	Then Hailey felt the weight of the girl Lizard drop on her through the leaves .
tr	7	" What 's the matter with her anyway ? "
tr	6	A week later Jonesy and Maggie began spaceflight lessons in the first shuttle simulator in Hangar One .
tr	9	The fire was quenched , and a flash of orange flames rose as a small ball of fire .
tr	10	Miriam whispered something that was too quiet for the governess to hear .
tr	11	" I ... would ask permission to travel without the hood . "
tr	10	He could see now that the torches showed the entrance to a larger room .
tr	7	Have you never forgiven ? "
tr	7	He didn 't just dislike it ; he hated it with an intense , burning passion .
tr	8	" The crystal is owned by no one , yet it serves .
tr	7	The two taken off their feet were still in the air , seemingly suspended in time .
tr	8	" Ah , here it is , " he said as he opened the box .
tr	7	Hopefully this isn 't all in text .
tr	10	Jessica didn 't have the energy to take off the extra pants and shirt .
tr	8	Can he run things here if I head East ?
tr	8	The dagger , long as it was , pierced the thing 's heart , freezing it in place .
tr	7	The boys wakened again to life , sat up , and blinked at their new comrades in sheer wonder .
tr	9	It was a relief when the meal was over .
tr	9	Outside the afternoon sun drenched the street in golden light and Taylor could not believe what he saw .
tr	8	" I want surveillance on the brother , " he ordered .
tr	10	He was aware of other similar shots on either side of him which was reassuring .
tr	8	The shapeshifter was faster , catching his wrist with its left hand .
tr	8	As far as the international monitors can tell , the weapon never existed . "
tr	11	For a moment , Tarleton thought the newcomer would fall on him and devour him .
tr	11	" It 's hard to say where the rumors rise .
tr	8	A little girl in a flowery summer dress peeked from behind the half opened door .
tr	7	Though the caste members themselves select their top three jobs , the final decision rests with the king and council .
tr	7	Various periodicals and William 's old notes filled the shelves and drawers in the end tables .
tr	11	Adam glanced over to see that the truck had arrived .
tr	10	Navigating the short staircases of the multilayered maze of a fortress , he makes his way to his throne .
tr	9	" Who would know but them , and it could have been a mistake , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	9	Sounded like a good , pragmatic step except she couldn 't remember what time they eventually fell asleep .
tr	9	He grabbed her shirt and pulled her up to face him directly .
tr	7	There 's nothing ' great ' about him at all . "
tr	9	We were never meant to be rulers or warriors .
tr	8	Way I heard it , the biggest quartermaster for the insurgency in the area was the British army .
tr	7	Gabe is quiet for a while .
tr	11	I fall back against the bed , moaning as the need rises and breaks over me .
tr	10	Maybe get past them , " said Bethany struggling to keep her tone neutral .
tr	8	Part of the ceiling is ripped away and hanging above the breach is Warrior .
tr	7	Chapter 10 Bill Jacobs entered the Sheriff 's office and pounded his fist on the locked security entrance door .
tr	11	" We did our job , now we have to keep doing our job .
tr	6	So , just , open up that hatch and then jump , " giggling .
tr	10	I wouldn 't be the first to miss a turn .
tr	8	My mouth felt like sand all the way down the back of my throat .
tr	9	I 'll try not to be too long .
tr	5	" Actually , that was my idea , too . "
tr	6	I opened the refrigerator door and there was not even a single beer inside .
tr	7	" I won 't kill him , yet , but he does deserve it . "
tr	10	" That 's the reason why I 'm here , " he replied .
tr	7	" Where have you been keeping yourself ? "
tr	7	Finally , he looked at me but still couldn 't find my eyes .
tr	8	" You know , playing the guitar , singing . "
tr	11	Like an alien trying to relate to humans .
tr	8	" Make yourself at home , Jacob , " William said .
tr	9	We will do that from our side , through her commander at Nellis .
tr	10	Many a strong man has been hobbled by this and you will need to be wary . "
tr	10	I wish my fairy godmother would come and turn this frog into a prince .
tr	7	With a sparkle in his eye , Dale said , " You tell me . "
tr	8	Lance is hovering , his forearms are extended and a red nimbus is forming around his claws .
tr	9	" Think that 's funny , Nate ?
tr	6	" Yeah , well , these weren 't here yesterday either , " I replied , and rolled up my sleeve .
tr	10	Do you refer yourselves as we ? "
tr	8	" We need to move now . "
tr	9	The sound of shuffling feet and the slow squeak of wheels followed .
tr	7	Enjoying the joy of motherhood and new life .
tr	5	" Oh , I - " " After dinner , " my dad said decisively .
tr	11	" Why do you not use the crystal now to rid our lands of these vile creatures ? "
tr	8	" Come out here when you 're done ! "
tr	5	" Doctor , " she clipped nervously .
tr	7	She finally pulled away and put her fingers to her lips .
tr	6	" Yes , " the boy answered , his voice a surprisingly soft and gentle whisper .
tr	11	she had to force herself to stop there .
tr	10	This has to be the happiest moment of my life .
tr	10	When they started to board our ship , Atticus woke me up .
tr	8	Theodosia frowned , thought for a moment , and said , " No , nothing else .
tr	10	When they found the tents they saw the fire was smoldering with gray ash .
tr	5	With one pull Pierre led him away .
tr	7	The official let Takeo loose and he once again flew with his spinning nun chucks at Connor .
tr	7	An ugly expression dawned on the immortal 's face .
tr	8	" Yes , you will be a new uncle before long , Wolf Eyes . "
tr	11	His math tutor was a retired furniture dealer who kept a collection of exotic animals on his estate .
tr	7	When they reached the tree line , Ted killed the engine and coasted to a stop .
tr	5	" Thanks , " he says and offers a small , pained smile .
tr	5	At least the big , well-connected risk takers continued , Paul thought .
tr	9	You need to stop talking .
tr	6	He shook his head , his knuckles whitening as his grip tightened on the steering wheel .
tr	5	Brown hair , brown eyes , medium looks , medium height , medium build .
tr	8	Jacob , his revolver now leveled towards the pair , let out a long hiss .
tr	11	Seems to me I remember a Chinese greeting that went , ' Have you had rice ? '
tr	10	' Don 't think we should have too many though .
tr	8	We talked about it coming over here .
tr	5	" We meet once again , my elderly twin brother . "
tr	9	I 'm trying to understand this .
tr	7	She was worried about me .
tr	6	As for me , I chose a demure black peasant skirt , a black camisole , and a black lace sweater .
tr	10	He felt they should have stuck together .
tr	7	The woman smiled and closed the door after us .
tr	7	Perhaps he would have arrived already .
tr	9	He enjoyed decent pay and very little in the way of responsibility .
tr	10	They all looked over the wall at the men , who were indeed stopping .
tr	9	Taylor nodded again and Wilbur went to repeat the procedure .
tr	6	" Same place as you , I expect , " replied Hank .
tr	10	Secondly , good energy can be wielded by the natural world and animals if you treat them well .
tr	7	Dizziness and nausea rushed over me , and I cried .
tr	6	By the time she regained her orientation , the cougar was already charging .
tr	8	Naturally , we 'll be sent back to my parents right away . "
tr	10	He quickly put down his arms and disappeared , however , when she looked suspiciously at him .
tr	7	" It 's nothing , " he grunts , obviously not enjoying the conversation .
tr	10	Ted couldn 't be sure if it was real or a trick .
tr	10	" Grand had no idea what she was capable of .
tr	7	she said , her green eyes widening anxiously .
tr	9	She told him about the plans for the offices at the farm and Robbie coming back to England .
tr	5	" Genius , " Tori said and the girls laughed .
tr	7	We shall leave at first light .
tr	8	The rain falls around us , tagging the leaves and dripping through my thin , cotton pants .
tr	6	Words of heat and wrath built like fire in her throat .
tr	5	" The killing gets easier too . "
tr	7	Malcolm leaned over and jiggled the paper clip in the lock .
tr	7	Chris spared one glance for the captain , high above it all .
tr	6	Finan woke just after dawn .
tr	9	The response was almost instantaneous , the other units would have heard the weapons fire and gone to high alert .
tr	7	They 're starving in Africa .
tr	8	As I slipped through the door my foot caught on something .
tr	10	Then he can begin to work through it .
tr	9	" I would so like to see an Angel ! "
tr	11	" What would the police do if he were caught supplying ?
tr	7	He suddenly understood and he glared up at the night sky in impotent rage .
tr	11	I remind myself that charity and mercy are our duty to God , and I soften my tone .
tr	7	Thoroughly researched and passionately expressed , this book is a must-have for book collectors and fantasy lovers .
tr	11	I 'm sure I could think of something . "
tr	9	This was very important in order for his plan to work .
tr	10	" I 'm trying to find out , " said Jace .
tr	6	Oh yes , this was a good idea ... a good idea indeed .
tr	5	" OK , Davy Crockett , " Abby snickered .
tr	9	She turned back to face Dave and caught him exchanging grimaces with a colleague .
tr	7	I heard it only once , just minutes ago .
tr	6	First your mother , then you , and finally your father drawing me into his Spy Games .
tr	9	When Tracy came out of the laundry room and saw the students were gone .
tr	11	He chose one of the closed doors in the passage and slipped inside what looked like a guest bedroom .
tr	11	He was happy to get beaten up by Congress .
tr	9	and weren 't intending to lose that .
tr	10	I was numb to everything it seemed .
tr	8	A muted light appeared in front of us .
tr	7	With no further ceremony I am led into the hovel .
tr	9	Said Ganon wouldn 't dare attack unless someone so weak were patriarch .
tr	6	Wind an ' rain an ' heavy seas .
tr	10	You will have made possible the birth of a new nation .
tr	8	I 'd burst into the room , pull out my gun , and the intruder would run for his life .
tr	9	It was large enough to hold a basketball .
tr	5	" At least Lord Reginald and Sir Marcus are here now .
tr	6	Chapter 8 By the time Blue made her slow way outside , weariness had extinguished her anxiety .
tr	10	It felt safe , a place where father and daughter could talk .
tr	8	" Today , is the contest draw you were all impatient for , " Principal Benson said and the kids cheered .
tr	11	The demo tapes got them gigs whilst rehearsals strengthened performance quality ensuring invitations back .
tr	8	I whispered to him quietly , and his eyes flashed quietly in recognition and he lowered his head in submission .
tr	10	" What need do I have to lie to you ? "
tr	10	Yes , it was time for young Jack to come home to Arkham .
tr	6	" Listen -- " " But the problem is the work , it 's all under the table .
tr	8	The starship made several circles around each of them as a sign of thanks .
tr	8	he asked , opening his arms for a hug .
tr	8	The people who own the cottage left a storage cellar of food , mostly for the horses .
tr	7	The building was marked and they headed back five miles toward town .
tr	10	I don 't want to go away from her . "
tr	5	" But for a little girl , daddy is the whole world .
tr	8	David 's men were harassing these vessels , but were taking heavy casualties in turn .
tr	6	Mr. Stefano , Boris and Alex here , were the only survivors . "
tr	11	I hope that they will think the race over and forget about us for a time .
tr	7	He whipped the Jackson Industries pistol from his holster and leveled it at Bloor .
tr	8	They kept calling for a long time , with no results .
tr	9	He pressed one before the voice could list the other options .
tr	10	She was so scared that she had even covered her face with her hands .
tr	10	The Baroness noted the looks but didn 't have the time or inclination to be concerned .
tr	11	It 's not the way we want it to be .
tr	5	" But , Max ... " " Stop with the histrionics , Victoria .
tr	5	" Well , my lord , " the young man said .
tr	6	He took a deep breath and forced the unsettling feelings away .
tr	6	" Just keep your asses down , " a female voice said over the comm .
tr	9	You could have asked for that whole damn mountain and she would have given it to you . "
tr	8	" Thank you , Captain , " Destro said , pushing back from the table .
tr	8	" Jennings is about ten minutes out , " said the Captain tersely .
tr	10	" I know you must be with it .
tr	6	Perhaps a hundred feet down the hallway was a door .
tr	8	Once , fragments of song drifted past , borne on soft , strummed music .
tr	7	The night grew darker still and they chose the watch for the night .
tr	6	" No , no , no , " I moan .
tr	10	But I 'm 100 % sure she would never accept , not if she knows I 'm here .
tr	9	Now it seems her success had upset everyone .
tr	9	" A little birdie made me realize some things today ... " she said , glancing over at Kaylie .
tr	8	You have to take that thing away !
tr	6	Next came the foreign rulers or their representatives , including her father .
tr	9	Claire watched the waves lapping near to where they sat .
tr	9	Two managed to kick down their doors and escape . "
tr	6	" Neil , " a low voice said in his ear .
tr	9	The pass was very narrow here , and there was no place to hide .
tr	6	The carriage door opened , and Logan stuck his head out .
tr	10	Adele blinked back the tears that gathered in her eyes .
tr	11	" I don 't want to get into this , Frank .
tr	8	Who was busy staring at her .
tr	7	After taking orders , she sped off to the concession stand with Christy and Jessica trailing behind .
tr	11	From street level it was impossible to see any of the lights .
tr	7	Then she got onto her requirement for mechanics , I would soon need more 747 's than Hunters .
tr	10	Stepping in he slashed with his foot behind the guys left knee .
tr	6	The bell on the front door rings and I jump , sending a gold streak across the black pupil .
tr	8	Oh , and I 'd better get dressed so I 'm not in pajamas .
tr	5	My eyes adjusted pretty quickly , though .
tr	7	That he was sorry he had broken her nose ?
tr	9	He wished he could say yes .
tr	8	" It could be coming from anywhere .
tr	9	" You 're the one who called me . "
tr	10	It was all he could do , and it was enough .
tr	5	But the rock was spongy .
tr	10	How do you see those new lands and people fitting in with us ? "
tr	7	He 's one of them !
tr	6	" First , immortals don 't , do that , and second , with child here ! "
tr	6	A section of the wall swung inwards with a low grinding noise .
tr	8	Let me make this clear .
tr	9	" Not now , " she said quietly as she turned him , none too gently , towards the door .
tr	5	I therefore humbly accept your invitation , sir . "
tr	7	" Yeah , " another one agreed , " I 'm not sleeping in here with that psycho . "
tr	11	" How long do you think it takes for radiation to dissipate ? "
tr	11	Rick thought , Why try to understand her ?
tr	8	If black creatures are in the Dream Valley , they may be elsewhere .
tr	9	Picking her way among the rocks , she ran for an hour before stopping beside a great gray boulder .
tr	9	Another soldier arrived with more water and placed it next to Eda .
tr	10	The other held a broken harpoon edged with shark 's teeth .
tr	11	After breakfast , they set off across the lawn and turned in the opposite direction from which Neil had originally arrived .
tr	6	Don 't worry , it 'll be fine . "
tr	6	" He did not agree , the Monitor agreed for him . "
tr	11	We had people wanting to kill us at one point .
tr	8	A South Watch man failed in my grandfather 's father 's time .
tr	8	You wasted a great deal of good talent here today , even if they were human . "
tr	9	It was Henri 's body , but my son , unbeknownst to me then , was not present in this shade .
tr	7	Alejo took Gabriel 's place at the faucet and began washing , quiet and morose .
tr	11	He 'd heard the thud as the person fell and then the beginning of a quickly squelched epithet .
tr	7	A look of hope flashed across her face and she turned to him .
tr	11	" Says the guy who can come back from the dead . "
tr	5	" No justice , no peace , " was a common refrain .
tr	8	" -- My son was stationed in Germany when it started .
tr	6	His tiny figure on the bright orange board flipped quite expertly over an incoming wave .
tr	9	Two clicks in his ear told him the system was working fine .
tr	9	Chapter 6 -- Greener Grass " Why do we need a marriage license ? "
tr	9	Ever the fearless explorer he decided to jump anyway , landing near Taylor 's bare feet .
tr	10	But I 'm guessing she never noticed you either , " Melody replied .
tr	8	She ignored him , and demanded , " Who is that ?
tr	9	His mind remained fixed on the piece of paper in his pocket .
tr	9	I was an object to bear his children . "
tr	7	Victor nodded with a satisfied expression .
tr	8	When he stalked out , the arrogant bastard called out behind him , " I will have my turn . "
tr	6	" Some of these clods would just as soon trample you as not . "
tr	7	Thursday 26th April 1984 Thursday morning Calvin left his room and headed to the bathroom .
tr	9	The house itself seemed to be in a deep sleep .
tr	11	There had been no sign of the man for some time now .
tr	7	The bounty this time was a ten-year-old little girl named Alita .
tr	8	" It had to be done .
tr	6	For the next six hours , she sorted , sifted , piled and compiled the papers all over her apartment .
tr	7	" I 'll do no such thing , you dog ! "
tr	7	" You will wait here , and I will go .
tr	8	" Towns and communities are already forming small armed bands on their own for just this purpose .
tr	10	" We don 't have time to talk about this .
tr	9	Rays of sun were playing on the grass and butterflies , bumble bees and dragonflies were all flying overhead .
tr	6	General Santa Anna 's orders , " was the sad but firm response from the general .
tr	6	Another voice in her mind said no concern but still intriguing .
tr	11	Andy looked down at his arms and saw he still had the diary in his hand .
tr	7	The duel elicited cries of shock from the women and an appreciative nod from Joseph .
tr	9	" Eww " I said staring at the miniature lobsters with horror and revulsion .
tr	8	Harry contemplated what to say .
tr	9	I heard Lars 's voice , which for my surprise was a lovely one .
tr	7	After several days of hunger and thirst , the Spanish ship was attacked by an English warship .
tr	11	I blush , realizing how it must have sounded .
tr	11	I roll her over slightly so I can have a look at her back .
tr	6	" Look out , this one 's trickier . "
tr	8	" I used to date him . "
tr	11	It didn 't take long for his Imp to blink off .
tr	6	I do not blame you . "
tr	9	CHAPTER 18 The Tent It took a while for the servant to return .
tr	7	Ahead of us , the messenger had dismounted and was practically sprinting .
tr	9	Since he had seen her , he knew she would be the one .
tr	9	I only knew I couldn 't stay here .
tr	10	Kim smiled and said , " I can do better than that .
tr	8	Link 's face twisted into a tight knot with disgust .
tr	8	Continuing down the seemingly endless path , Rift suspiciously scouts overhead , the dark canyon void of any illuminating crystals .
tr	9	As Octavian began walking down the street , the scene skipped forward to where he had the necklace .
tr	10	Even a dishwasher had to be approved by Julian .
tr	11	She nodded and Tommy took off at a run for the back of the house .
tr	9	This man screamed out his terror , his eyes bulging with abandoned terror .
tr	6	Now , in Spain , the Italian states , and the German states , you can find the Faith .
tr	6	Only it wasn 't blank , nor was the next page , or the page after .
tr	8	Finan : at that moment pretending to be Lord Rafe !
tr	5	" Come , Charlie , won 't you sit ? "
tr	7	" You 've been feeding him ? "
tr	6	" Then why do we go in at all ? "
tr	9	She snagged a paper towel and came back to clean up the rest .
tr	7	" She 's your rightful queen , you ass , " I said , in more or less those words .
tr	6	Or the other guard ... um ... ' ' Lomo , ' Terri prompted .
tr	9	Chief Broken Bow wanted to endure the stench no longer , so he turned and left the house .
tr	10	Finally , I leaned against a tree , letting the crowds of people blur in and out .
tr	6	It seemed far more natural than his current black clothing .
tr	7	" We 'll draw at least three botanical specimens .
tr	9	I couldn 't find any copies filed with Building and Land Regulation . '
tr	8	She stamped back to the bed and slumped onto the hard mattress ; arms folded , lips pouting .
tr	10	It would be a good day to travel , if circumstances had been different .
tr	6	Despite the humble shelters and plain food , it was a pretty peaceful life . "
tr	7	Lance opens his mouth and fires his main cannon , a high-energy pulse cannon .
tr	6	Behind him , Bruno and Anatole caught my glance and tensed .
tr	7	I will hurt him by this . "
tr	8	England should 've seen it coming .
tr	7	On their wedding night he forced himself on her and nine months later I was born .
tr	7	Scarlett scrambled for the nearby rifle , pointed it in the air , and pulled the trigger .
tr	7	' We need to leave .
tr	10	The Falcon is definitely going to know her , but there is no harm in having some fun .
tr	11	" Did she say whether it was primary or secondary ?
tr	8	I had to catch them .
tr	7	" So without further adieu , " Mr. Akers said , " please toss the bag to me . "
tr	11	He furtively looked inside to see if Bing was busy .
tr	10	Cobble was always impressed by how Thatch always had the best ideas .
tr	10	He couldn 't have known what would happen .
tr	7	Seizing the moment she sheathed her sword and whipped around her bow , fitting an arrow as she did .
tr	6	I pull the fabric swatch from my pocket .
tr	7	" Of course not , " she said , still seated .
tr	5	Just for tonight , " he pleaded , and I sighed .
tr	8	Clancy was not just an exception ; the others had more than proven themselves to this point .
tr	7	" A squad of tactical units are approaching his vicinity with incendiary weapons . "
tr	11	' There really must be an easier way of earning a crust ' thought Fred .
tr	9	Her heart broke then and she felt herself staring at him , pale in the moonlight streaming through the window .
tr	9	he asked , knowing she wasn 't .
tr	8	I turned to Qin Lee and listed the additional items I required .
tr	9	" You should go and get cleaned up , " he said .
tr	8	He spent the next half hour tossing a ball back and forth with Philip .
tr	5	" Hey , these things happen , " he said , reassuringly .
tr	11	He just hoped he could remain conscious until Paul showed .
tr	8	When the fiercer gusts howled through the pass , even the squat fort seemed to lean .
tr	9	inquired Scarborough , " Well then you have plenty of time , thirty-five years to be exact .
tr	11	The shapeshifter started to go through the pockets of the deceased Chef .
tr	11	Don 't turn this into another war we cannot win . "
tr	10	It was a stupid question , but I wasn 't sure what else to say .
tr	8	" The tests from yesterday show the swelling is down .
tr	7	He headed down one tunnel , and Jolie and Aimee the other .
tr	6	Cass stared in disbelief at the red ' 1 ' displayed on his favorite Tiger Eye d20 .
tr	7	By the way , how is going with Laurence ? "
tr	6	' I removed a bullet from your chest barely forty-eight hours ago .
tr	8	That summer we 'd made fires out in the fire pit and roasted marshmallows .
tr	6	It was half full with the lunchtime crowd .
tr	7	" Time for a few experiments I think , " he quietly remarked to himself .
tr	11	" Honey , I hate to hurt your feelings , but I think you girls would only get in the way .
tr	5	Through the opening , the beam revealed a narrow passageway .
tr	8	I took you on , and gave you responsibility and opportunity because I thought you were worth it .
tr	8	It cannot end like this ... " Ra !
tr	8	And they watched this happen twice during the night .
tr	9	" Warden , have you been spying on me ?
tr	10	He opened his arms and she stepped in as he folded her into his chest .
tr	6	" Hello , Midna , " he greets with a sinister tone .
tr	8	It was bad that one had escaped .
tr	8	" Your husband , or whoever that guy is , obviously doesn 't care much about your welfare . "
tr	9	Her dresses still fit in a way , giving her more movement on the upper deck .
tr	10	" Her mother has arranged for you to stay with her aunt .
tr	8	That wouldn 't happen , not in a million years .
tr	9	He reached them just before the first round struck on the distant bunker .
tr	10	He came to the breakfast room door which was closed .
tr	5	These black creatures contain only malice and hatred . "
tr	11	She knew what it was going to do .
tr	7	He gets his phone out of his pocket and of course , we have no service .
tr	6	Her marriage to a pirate no less .
tr	11	Her step-father told her it was the fireman coming out in her .
tr	5	" Of course , " the elderly man replied .
tr	10	He was a lumberjack foreman from Minnesota and well used to keeping men in line .
tr	11	He was stronger and faster than any living man , and had been so upon reaching adulthood .
tr	6	It 's tedious , mind numbing , incredibly frustrating .
tr	9	He headed for the door but stopped before opening it .
tr	8	It was something about staying or safety and she thought she heard the words rest or awake .
tr	5	Without a thought , he put away the black book .
tr	9	On her right she could feel the view stretching into the distance .
tr	10	He pointed at the Egyptian hieroglyphics they 'd been looking at .
tr	8	For a time both were silent , and Eda waited in expectant excitement for Rand 's next words .
tr	10	" Eat your bread , and you may work on your story for a bit . "
tr	7	The words she spoke were carefully chosen .
tr	5	" Well , that too , " I typed and she giggled .
tr	7	I walk to the king bed and run my hand along the thick , white comforter .
tr	8	When he saw her start down the path he called , " Wait . "
tr	11	I twist as I go , levering myself upwards .
tr	10	" I had to pull a lot of strings to arrange it . "
tr	11	" It 's because I believe you 're not an angel .
tr	9	" I 've been thinking about that , " said Nathan .
tr	8	He 's taken a bodyguard of course .
tr	9	Tork was planning to input the code himself .
tr	6	And both lights , the flute and the egg , calmed and slowly went out .
tr	7	With the other , he pulled at the plastic ties around her wrists and cut her hands free .
tr	10	She had dwelt apart from humanity so long that she was no longer human .
tr	7	But it was now time to sleep .
tr	5	' Maybe not so , ' said the Doctor brightly .
tr	6	A new and even more ominous sound now underlay the crunching , chewing noise : a high , inanimate screaming .
tr	8	One day she 'd have those dark eyes all to herself , but not today .
tr	7	He pointed low to the horizon .
tr	6	" OK , I should probably go alone .
tr	11	* That 's why she could hear the voices !
tr	9	They swayed slightly and then landed , a flailing mass of limbs , in the mud .
tr	6	" You 've got nothing at all ? "
tr	6	" Frank , it 's your editor , " a gruff voice answered .
tr	9	I can see them in there , in that coke refrigerator behind you .
tr	8	" Thane and the others didn 't care about the hunger and killing .
tr	9	" And then , afterward , you intend to come with us ? "
tr	5	Even so , Miss Cordelia 's entire face underwent a startling transformation .
tr	10	Do what Maria told you to do .
tr	9	It had likely been much longer in private , she knew .
tr	5	" You know , Mike -- " Sarah started .
tr	9	" So what are you going to do ? "
tr	8	" Did you hear him ?
tr	8	As they crossed over from mall sidewalk to parking lot , Josie dug in Jimmy 's pockets for the keys .
tr	9	What if I outran him to the waiting car and we ended up in a high-speed chase through the neighborhood ?
tr	8	At some point in between sleep and wake I jolted up in bed .
tr	7	This one had sounded closer .
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	11	Tribal politics ruled supreme as each locale fought to stay alive .
tr	10	To hell with talking about business .
tr	9	The snow had deepened to Brand 's thigh and Hilda 's calf .
tr	9	I don 't know why as the man was still gagged and blindfolded .
tr	7	How much can this machine of yours carry in one load ? "
tr	11	Valerie asks with excitement as she turns to view the biotech screen .
tr	11	As he crawled , the elevation dropped off slightly , allowing him more protection from the bullets passing above .
tr	7	He was easy in the saddle , moving effortlessly with the black horse .
tr	9	Another steady thumping grows then rapidly decreases in volume and the Princess knows something is wrong .
tr	7	Mai suddenly asks , confused by the divergence from the plan .
tr	7	I grabbed the startled cat and jumped back onto the landing .
tr	9	Miraculously , he didn 't managed to pull the wounded boy as well .
tr	11	" It must be hard knowing they 're gone . "
tr	11	Winterton stammered ' I don 't know where he lives . '
tr	10	explained François who was having his breakfast .
tr	10	At Parc des Buttes , it was Malcolm who found the prisoner site with the same frayed rope .
tr	10	You chose to be one of them .
tr	5	" This is the strangest interior design , ever . "
tr	11	" On the radio just now it said we 're currently two hundred and eight in reply . "
tr	11	He was not acting like the pirates her father told her about .
tr	10	I asked looking him dead in the eyes .
tr	9	The two Rogues made for the door and immediately split , going in different directions without hesitation .
tr	7	Gunnar unraveled the idol from his cloak and threw it onto the floor .
tr	9	We had food and water enough for well over a week if we used it only for drinking .
tr	5	The girl gave him a sharp , grateful look .
tr	10	Not what she really was -- bait for the trap that would snare him .
tr	9	There is a G.I. Joe reconnaissance team in place monitoring the activity there .
tr	8	It was a room of extra furniture and keepsakes , books , games , and toys .
tr	10	" Do they pick really strong Wolves and Vamps as replacements ? "
tr	10	They had been sitting in the same place for fifteen minutes , waiting for the accident to clear .
tr	8	I glanced over my shoulder and touched the handle of the katana .
tr	7	" Neither the tank can move freely , " said Stein , putting his hand on his chin .
tr	8	Rolling to his feet , Link unexpectedly dives at the boy , taking him by surprise .
tr	8	Spikes of terror raced through the Prince 's body , and thoughts of the slave auction were obliterated .
tr	6	One by one , we slip back through the open window to our room .
tr	10	And something that takes centuries to complete ?
tr	5	Beneath that were the lines , " No shirt , no soul , no service .
tr	11	I noticed them remove a long black cloth from a sack they carried .
tr	9	Here your services should be of great value as you know this land so well .
tr	10	" I 'm not about to force myself on you .
tr	10	He pulled out a handful of chocolate bars , crackers , and two small bottles of water .
tr	7	Her mouth was pinched in a bitter expression .
tr	5	And the next tiny problem , my back isn 't healing . "
tr	10	Finding none , he replaced the picture , but not before mentally recording the image of the woman .
tr	6	This was their only hope , maybe their last hope .
tr	10	He had been there many times as a young warrior and as a seeker of the spirits .
tr	8	" Excuse me , is there a café near here , please ? "
tr	10	He had known from a very young age that he was smarter than average .
tr	8	" Hey Tori where ... whoa .
tr	7	At the entrance of the ship , Atticus squished his body inside a drainage vent .
tr	10	Call me or write down anything you think is important as well , OK ? "
tr	10	" And that 's where you come into the tale , " he said .
tr	9	Our landlady had called about our overdue rent , her tone somewhat cool .
tr	5	" No , you little temptress , that 's not all . "
tr	8	Once I get her to the others , I will end this . "
tr	10	The entire kingdom seems to be coming apart at the hinges .
tr	8	" Fine by me , " I said , looking over the weapon .
tr	7	" Okay , the word has come down , " he said .
tr	8	He felt another moment of hesitation , but then turned and gave Bethany the signal .
tr	10	Good to hear from you Toni .
tr	9	Kaylie loved to practice as much as playing .
tr	10	To have any responsibility at all taken from her shoulders was an incredible gift .
tr	9	At least I know he will be all right tonight .
tr	8	It was like hunting deer , as swift as they were , one could never catch them .
tr	8	Now he had to pay Allah back .
tr	7	Just the emptiness and that little dot of energy growing larger .
tr	6	A little black bottle with no label drops into my hand .
tr	7	Perhaps this was even a blessing in disguise .
tr	9	She turned to look at the screen before continuing .
tr	6	The middle hatches opened and the lights stayed green this time .
tr	11	" See if there are a pair for me , too , " David called after her .
tr	11	They 'll just think you were a bit of a drama queen . '
tr	10	" Call me as soon as you get there OK ? "
tr	6	A top made straight up curved into itself on two sides from young , flexible branches .
tr	10	She thought she had slain me , but I crawled away .
tr	6	Before she left , she hugged her son tightly and whispered into his ear .
tr	6	I leave my number and hang up .
tr	11	Do I have to explain everything ? '
tr	11	She needed to stop thinking about him .
tr	8	I looked past Reid 's anxious face and stared at the distant roof .
tr	9	Finally , the footman we glimpsed upon arrival bustled into the room , his pattering feet carrying him along .
tr	8	They quieted when he revealed himself .
tr	11	It opened onto a ledge that stuck out over a dizzying height .
tr	9	" This is going to take a while .
tr	10	Katherine explained that since puberty girls had liked her less and less .
tr	9	He watched her long , slender body as she wrapped her skirt around herself .
tr	10	Hailey wept as she and Mariposa watched from within their den .
tr	8	Ted thought this a very clever " twist " to his plan .
tr	7	" No way , white bread , " Jack told him , " I 'm the gay Jewish black dude sidekick .
tr	10	It was as if a horn sounded through the still night airs and announced their presence .
tr	10	His reactions were perfectly preserved , showing no sign of nerve or brain damage .
tr	6	" This place looks like the Twilight Zone . "
tr	7	The small amount of actual text took less than five minutes to read .
tr	9	Maybe he had breathed catacomb air for a wee bit too long or had his stories mixed up .
tr	11	Mason smiled , it was still hard for him to accept the total lack of customary military discipline with the troopers .
tr	6	" It 's ok , " he said in a gentle voice .
tr	6	For once , the reality was even more impressive than the Hollywood version .
tr	6	What were they looking for ?
tr	9	" I have no magic to withstand her ! "
tr	5	The boring , repetitive tasks ; his lazy , civilian coworkers .
tr	5	" The Paki police are pretty nervous .
tr	9	The altar as well as the thick stone wall behind the holy man is decimated as his eyes reveal his defeat .
tr	8	In her silence , Harry imagined her taking stock , wiggling her toes in her shoes .
tr	10	Let him know that we know .
tr	8	Just like every other day , Marja was already up , dressed and ready for the day .
tr	7	There 's a little restaurant down the way , " he nodded down the street .
tr	10	Are you fucking kidding me ? "
tr	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	11	" You saw them and you heard me tell them you 'd gone . "
tr	10	The boss was already waiting for them impatiently drumming his fingers on the table .
tr	6	The lift doors opened on the fourth and seventh floors .
tr	6	Consider this your home , and all that . "
tr	10	If I wait there I 'll see if he takes Sky out the building .
tr	9	She knew people were watching her .
tr	10	" Are you going to throw up ? "
tr	8	The house , in the late sun , was immensely quiet , and he wondered where Neil was .
tr	9	I forgot you don 't smoke , Hennessy .
tr	6	But she made no comment , only continued the conversation .
tr	9	I always thought he was a whacko , you know -- preaching Armageddon and all that .
tr	10	Other travelers meandered along on foot , their staffs clinking on the stones .
tr	9	You might want to catch it . "
tr	7	I shook my head at the destroyed thing , its beauty wouldn 't be realized , it wouldn 't be appreciated .
tr	10	" Probably just some kid will come out to take our money , and then we 've got a room .
tr	8	Theodosia was also delighted by Simon 's adoration .
tr	8	Gabe clears his throat , brushes the hair out of his eyes .
tr	8	He pretended to clear his throat .
tr	7	" But this is no bad thing ; it will give you confidence and strength .
tr	11	Nathan breathed a deep breath and then let go of the hat in his left hand .
tr	8	Spaced between the tables several clay ovens , fired with aromatic wood , radiated cozy warmth into the dusk .
tr	11	He cries , dropping through the floor though the temple has only turned halfway over .
tr	7	The Arab broke the unseen eye contact and turned to his comrades and said unheard orders to them .
tr	9	" So , what are you planning for Valentine 's Day ? "
tr	7	Hank gulped , mumbled , " What the ... , " but by then Hawk had already ridden off .
tr	7	The impressive figure of the older man was intimidating to the impostors and allowed no rebuff .
tr	10	I asked , she rolled her eyes and snapped the pistol to aim directly at me .
tr	6	Then he waved his tiny pencil wand , and once more the world swam before my eyes .
tr	8	The promise of more was apparent in every touch and kiss and every word .
tr	9	The rushing water pours over the platform , creeping over Rift 's sandals in a warm stream .
tr	9	Breath was entirely absent , and the flickering of lights played before our eyes like tortured scenes of emptiness .
tr	11	Turning it up , he saw a word written in the corner in his mother 's handwriting .
tr	10	She needed to get up and keep moving .
tr	10	His gaze was curiously intense and his voice laced with steel as he spoke .
tr	6	In the blue pickup the two men steered it toward the north ridge road .
tr	7	Victor stiffened and leaned forward in his seat .
tr	8	After he buried the dead and rested , Father took us back , carrying me on his back .
tr	8	The leather cover had a scaly feel to it , and the front was etched with weird , angular symbols .
tr	5	His anger levelled , and suddenly he no longer trembled .
tr	6	He had smooth skin - especially on his bald head .
tr	7	" What would you have me do ? "
tr	10	" I have no idea what it is or where it came from . "
tr	9	Chris leaned over the rail , almost able to make it out .
tr	7	It remained motionless , more and more ash and soot washing off .
tr	11	' But you can see I 've got my work cut out for me here .
tr	5	" Here you are , Dr. Talbot , " he tells me .
tr	10	His eyes spat angry blue flames , shoving her toward the lights in the distance .
tr	9	She was a dark shape who screamed his name .
tr	10	" Well , if that was your intention then very good job . "
tr	11	Part I Going Home Chapter 1 - Alive The icy wind whipped dirty grey snow into Nathan 's face .
tr	8	The orange tore in half right down the middle of the ' X ' .
tr	6	" A year ago , Fish , Mike Vetter , and I came up with an idea .
tr	6	The two titans toppled backwards , beneath the water .
tr	7	If they run they can beat the canoes to the other side .
tr	10	A wavering clotted crimson that reminded me of blood .
tr	10	" So you want me to go kill it and cut out its eye ? "
tr	11	They entered Hangar Eight where Suzi and Mr. Rose were waiting for them .
tr	8	Rescuing the prisoners would be very difficult if not nigh on impossible .
tr	6	" We can 't even feed ourselves here .
tr	6	Natalie and Sophia entered into a huge hall with transparent ceilings and walls .
tr	9	I mean , you 're lucky to even be alive ! "
tr	9	' We had our own version to contend with . '
tr	10	" I have no fear for myself , Finn , how many times must I tell you that ?
tr	11	He was unsure of what to do next .
tr	11	" Is this what will become of you ?
tr	11	" Guess this is what you warned me about .
tr	7	The little girl grabbed at it and pushed it back down .
tr	7	There were a collection of pictures and diagrams accompanying the alien words .
tr	6	" Tell me again about our wedding day . "
tr	5	In white , hand-carved letters the sign read : Timber Bay Cabins and Lodge .
tr	11	he said while indicating Bob with a nod of his head .
tr	11	They were at the back of the manor house in less than a minute .
tr	8	She looked at the uninspiring building outside the window , shivering at some inexplicable vibe .
tr	10	Once we reached that snow slope , it would be easy ( but dangerous ) climbing to the summit .
tr	7	" Well , at least I can scratch my nose now , " Miriam said , itching violently .
tr	6	After about an hour , the man on the bank produced a whistle and blew it .
tr	8	I would say given the circumstances , this training is progressing well . "
tr	9	The frown had taken on a life of its own .
tr	10	Mind you , it 's a pity we can 't personally deliver the demos . '
tr	11	" There 's only a question in your case Elaina because you may be the last of us .
tr	10	She became aware that Adele was wide awake and watching her closely .
tr	6	8 scarlet THIS WOULD NEVER , EVER HAPPEN back in Ohio .
tr	6	A voice from the past greeted me across the floor .
tr	9	Gwendolyn is twisted into a fetal position on the hard deck , groaning in agony .
tr	6	Did you actually look on the couch ? "
tr	11	So I 'm spending the night at the hospital am I ?
tr	10	I 'll give you a contact name of someone high enough up the ladder that you won 't have any problems .
tr	11	They were forced to veer to the right and head east .
tr	8	" Just a coffee and toast thanks , Jennifer , it 's all I usually have .
tr	11	he muttered as he ducked from flying window pieces .
tr	9	I hope you can believe me .
tr	8	Kurt wandered over to the grimy window overlooking the tarmac and gazed out at the airplane .
tr	10	I screamed , unable to contain my horror any longer .
tr	9	People have to believe in something .
tr	6	If you turn , it 'll be impossible .
tr	7	She squeezed the trigger and shot the man , straight and true , through the head .
tr	7	It noted a transfer to a new program , yet the program was unnamed .
tr	8	" A government that neglects its people . "
tr	9	I watched it disappear and suddenly felt old and empty .
tr	9	His father was often gone on trips overseas , flying and teaching Air Force pilots in Germany , Japan or Korea .
tr	8	This seemed to be impossible .
tr	9	She seemed genuinely surprised that Mike had even brought it up .
tr	5	" No , more like ... popcorn ! "
tr	10	" Haha , do not let your ego deceive you , we simply wish to help you , " Tim replied .
tr	8	Slowly he got the hang of it , and after several minutes the two men left him alone .
tr	7	The elf boy 's voice has gone harsh .
tr	9	I can 't say I was surprised .
tr	6	I unwrapped it and smelled the milk chocolate .
tr	6	" You 're such a proud one , little keeper , " she murmured into my ear .
tr	11	Because even though they didn 't blame you for the sinking , you still blamed yourself .
tr	6	As the light failed , a larger Aram guided the ship in a wide circle around the island .
tr	9	My head slumped to one side and the tiled floor filled my remaining view .
tr	8	She places her palms against her draining eyes , cradling her forehead and cries deeply and mournfully .
tr	10	" Are you offering to help me ? "
tr	7	" Take it any way you like , " she told him , and felt a sudden flush color her cheeks .
tr	9	Red Talon said , " Maybe they will come this way , and maybe they won 't .
tr	6	" What about school ? "
tr	6	Dark jeans , a long-sleeved thermal shirt , a zip-up hoodie , and a pair of Nike 's .
tr	10	Laid out before me were thousands of Trojan Devices .
tr	7	" That 's sweet , " Mai blushes , mildly susceptible to flattery .
tr	8	" Allow me to introduce my companions .
tr	5	Gabe sets his bottle aside .
tr	10	Anything to keep from doing math .
tr	6	~ ~ ~ Other Titles Available from Weasel Green Press J.A. Clement On Dark Shores 1 .
tr	11	He had been told that his quarry was here , and sure enough he found him .
tr	7	All the meaningless words from Peyton 's file flashed in my memory .
tr	7	Name this forsaken rock ' Backwater ' and blow up that awful black building an ' all .
tr	10	" I guess this is a second chance for the both of us ! "
tr	11	observed Kevin as he glanced at the opposite side of the church scanning for movement within the shadows .
tr	6	In between laughs Kyle remarked , " She isn 't even pregnant yet , and already she has morning sickness ! "
tr	9	He burst out , " If they did it wouldn 't be the Wilds !
tr	5	" No , not really , but I know your daughter . "
tr	6	He steps back quickly and lets out a breath .
tr	7	" Is this part of the Spy Games route ?
tr	9	' I wanted to ask them about the cat . '
tr	8	" Why you don 't send me a sms back ? "
tr	7	He tenderly ran his fingers down my arm , and I shivered .
tr	9	The seven days since she 'd started the bus tour felt like a month .
tr	10	" They are afraid to enter the hills , my lord . "
tr	6	They were not perfect , but they were certainly beautiful .
tr	8	" And where will that take you , " Clancy asked ?
tr	8	She had probably heard the catalogue of forbidden sins many times before from her parents .
tr	11	Ethan was at a loss as to where to start .
tr	10	There 's tanks and National Guardsmen a few blocks away in any direction but they 'll let you through .
tr	5	Work around the transverse colon .
tr	6	Beyond Ryder 's words was his tone , the conversation now sounded much more like a challenge .
tr	7	" Her base skin tone is yellow , so a pink will not suit her .
tr	9	† † † June 11 , 1624 Kayla came for a short visit .
tr	10	I said , " Round up Joyce and come upstairs , Herb 's about to put on some fireworks . "
tr	7	" I have created several different samples here of mixed chemicals and tissues .
tr	11	We took comfort in knowing our relationship had solidified into granite .
tr	10	They made a pact that if things turned bad they would stay strong and not rat each other out .
tr	10	I believe he had to work .
tr	7	She wrapped the man 's wounds with precision , her lips pressed tight together .
tr	7	Through squinted eyes he could just make out the flying form ; it was a dragon !
tr	9	The bottom of the stick was dessert , sort of like a peach cobbler with a crunchy sugary crust .
tr	8	Pouring more wine and cracking another beer she headed outside and said , ' You okay ? '
tr	9	Kurt knotted his fingers and cracked his knuckles , burning off nervous energy as he digested the news .
tr	6	" Hey , " Mike exclaimed , " I 've got bars ! "
tr	10	I know you wouldn 't have condoned this .
tr	7	" Excuse me ladies , gentlemen . "
tr	10	" True , but we need to have a secure , organized plan . "
tr	11	Let 's go and see if we can find something in the kitchen . "
tr	9	The blow lifted the shapeshifter off his feet and sent him flying into the pool .
tr	6	A few hundred yards further they came up on an intersection .
tr	9	Connor felt bad for pressuring Andre .
tr	9	Snow made poisoned pins out of the strands of her hair , alarmed .
tr	8	" Ganondorf met secretly with a woman outside the fortress .
tr	11	It would be as good a place as any to rest and it was a place they could defend .
tr	5	There were trees , bushes , and bright colored flowers all over .
tr	10	She couldn 't understand why he so obviously didn 't like Mark .
tr	11	Arrived there , with emotions what so ever , I knocked softly on the door .
tr	9	The battle has to be in the city . "
tr	7	They started yelling " Help ! "
tr	11	She knew she cared for him , trusted him , but could it be love ?
tr	10	I think we should hire a housekeeper full time and I have someone in mind .
tr	10	Poltergeist grabbed the box as he was thrown from the crash .
tr	9	-- who I think it was ? "
tr	8	It looked like some sort of charm .
tr	7	" Hand it to me , " a weak voice said next to him .
tr	7	" Why did you do that , Gunnar ? "
tr	8	We are housing one of those dangerous lunatics now , and it is all due to him . "
tr	5	His current navy twill pants , white polo shirt and baseball cap were a good start .
tr	11	He was everything Serenity wanted to be .
tr	7	He wasn 't used to field work .
tr	8	Janice is still alive , that 's something .
tr	11	" We will keep trying to break free . "
tr	5	And then his pole bent sharply into a tense , quivering bow .
tr	5	" Yeah , you 're right .
tr	10	As he stood in front of the couch , the man stood up .
tr	8	" Well , I will certainly smell enough for the task . "
tr	8	The SUVs shot out onto the asphalt behind us .
tr	7	I said grimly and jerked the wheel sharply to the left .
tr	6	It was a steep climb , but not a long one .
tr	5	A while later , " Facility computers are you all up and running ? "
tr	9	The air was stifling and overlaid with a faint stench of decay .
tr	8	He reached across the table , covering her hand with his .
tr	7	My senses are off kilter , and I feel naked without them .
tr	8	" Now , you 're going downstairs and out on the street with Melody .
tr	7	Although only a few days had passed , it felt like cycles .
tr	8	" You mean you never even came close ? "
tr	7	The arrows struck their mark , and the bear thrashed and rolled in the water .
tr	11	" Do you want to say that again ? "
tr	5	" No , " said the handler , " they vote . "
tr	10	I 'm tired of playing at rebellion .
tr	6	On his next turn , Nate lit up the four buzzards and the four train cars with casual effort .
tr	6	" To most people , " he muttered under his breath .
tr	8	I would just as soon not have the dog do it . "
tr	10	All shyness disappeared as he explored every inch of her .
tr	9	His friend might know what he was thinking .
tr	9	Hearing the door downstairs Danny asked , ' Is Amy out ? '
tr	6	I assure you , sire , ' said Dios , ' he can have no other desire . '
tr	9	The caller is coming into the embassy within the next hour .
tr	5	The dragon and the crane , danger and serenity , staring him down .
tr	7	David pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them into his pocket .
tr	11	They had debated whether or not Sarah should ride Dan or take the cart .
tr	11	Abby stumbled for a reply , figuring none of the children had any , " Um , nothing really .
tr	7	And what girl would they be taking care of ?
tr	9	Beppe liked it because there was no menu and you simply ate whatever was served .
tr	8	They made their way along the corridors scouting every turn , peering over every bluff .
tr	5	" I here , I here , " a voice suddenly screeched .
tr	10	Despite the helmet and facemask , both men would have sworn that Shock was grinning .
tr	11	Kaylie scored three more goals before the half ended , making the final score five to one .
tr	5	Unlike Human 's we never lost our scenting ability . "
tr	10	She decided to overlook the insensitive comment about the Bees .
tr	8	We will go down that road for the time being at least . "
tr	6	But as Sam continued , Carol 's face went blank and her jaw dropped .
tr	7	Helen said , being shocked .
tr	6	I tensed and pulled away .
tr	5	His happy face , his freaking pies , and his horrible country music .
tr	7	" My Lady , he ripped the man to pieces , " Zachary explains , his body shaking .
tr	10	She could never talk to Dickie about it .
tr	5	' Besides , you owe her your life .
tr	8	A deep roar sounds from the center of the room as the hero 's Goddess fades away .
tr	8	Both men had their swords drawn , obviously ready for combat , and they advanced with careful , measured paces .
tr	8	Alex , once seated next to Beppe , whispered something into his ear .
tr	11	It sounds like you have a lot to tell .
tr	9	Take that , she thought at Marja .
tr	7	Any more than that and it would all slip away .
tr	10	Mickey thought they had completely lost their minds but then she looked at the faces in the CIC .
tr	9	" You know I don 't do mornings . "
tr	7	" What are we looking for mum ? "
tr	8	" Or maybe that was their only model , " Dresden offers .
tr	11	Gold braid hung over the shoulder and several medals adorned his breast .
tr	6	" Aisling dressed me today , " he muttered and picked at the black vest .
tr	5	" Aye there 's something not right here .
tr	10	At any rate , Cobb had obviously insinuated himself into every aspect of the wreck and its excavation .
tr	9	Outside , a neighborhood cat screeched in surprise before falling suddenly and terribly silent .
tr	5	" Jeeze , chill , I 'm almost done ! "
tr	7	Even as the words escaped my mouth , I regretted them .
tr	10	Secondly ... she doesn 't expect to live through it .
tr	7	This rips several cables out of her metal body , her eyes widen and she releases a painful croak .
tr	7	She smiled at him and he chuckled .
tr	7	" Perhaps I might direct you to your final destination ? "
tr	10	I could have learned more about Malcolm , but most of the words dribbling from his mouth were lies .
tr	7	Already shoving passed me he grabbed the crank and fitted it on the shaft .
tr	8	He looked forward to changing shifts with Rafferty .
tr	7	Bye , guys , " Tori said and went down the hall to the plane .
tr	10	Who might know he would come ?
tr	8	One held a riot gun aimed straight at Nathan .
tr	10	We are out of food , our clothing is battered and what little weapons we have are useless .
tr	7	Many of them were standing about , both hands gripping the vertical grips of their small , compact plasma weapons .
tr	8	Neil called down again , " What can we do ? "
tr	7	" In a few weeks , worse luck , " Simon responded , eyeing the last Scotch egg .
tr	6	" Princess Layla , your father , his Excellency King Duryea III awaits your presence in his study . "
tr	7	Where we are going ... . .
tr	10	said Reid , gazing in confusion at the fearful expressions around the room .
tr	11	The snow slid from my boots , but more continued to fall from the sky , blanketing the land .
tr	9	The weather was already clear having blown itself out and the synopsis for the next week was excellent .
tr	7	Mike killed the engine , got out of the car , and reached for the premium nozzle .
tr	10	Charity starts at home -- that is all .
tr	9	He had the sixth sense that he was being followed .
tr	11	It surprised him they were coming by sea , but it hardly mattered .
tr	8	" I only got to take two bites . "
tr	10	She then began tracing the vortex with her finger from the outside to the inside .
tr	9	A large spider was drawn in red on the bare skin .
tr	8	Neil groaned and squeezed his eyes shut , more against his rushing thoughts than the burning sun .
tr	11	Why are you trying to be cruel to me ? "
tr	8	In the kitchen , Mrs. Williams stood at a broad wooden table , kneading something in a bowl .
tr	9	Isn 't that why you hired me ? "
tr	5	' Some big posh house - ' Meatball shook his head .
tr	10	" Lizzie hesitated -- she didn 't want to do it .
tr	8	" There are no ships for us , Elaina . "
tr	7	The driver saw Andy first and threw the car into a skid .
tr	9	" Then stop whining at me , " Falconer said .
tr	10	He had seemed brusque when they had spoken , but then , she understood why now .
tr	5	" Really , Callie it can - " " No , it can 't .
tr	7	Reaching toward her , he lifted the torch to her face and smirked .
tr	6	" Only what Mum told me on the phone , yesterday .
tr	8	It had to be Nick .
tr	8	Red Talon asked , " How many sick and injured ?
tr	11	Something that would-be warriors quoted to sound tough .
tr	9	She wasn 't far behind you when I caught up with her .
tr	9	The Priestess wrestled it under control , determinedly giving no sign of concern .
tr	10	have to see the funny side of it . "
tr	8	He is a big man , taller and more bulky than most .
tr	11	" I know they ought to make sense .
tr	9	If they hadn 't by now then they probably never would .
tr	10	He noticed a path that led around the cliff .
tr	9	" Mother does not take away the names of her Children lightly . "
tr	7	Claire could no longer struggle as much as earlier and within minutes she was as limp as a rag doll .
tr	9	He 'd never fulfill them anyway , of that I was sure .
tr	8	" What a bunch of optimists I hitched up with , " said Nathan in mock disgust .
tr	7	But it was probably awkward for her . "
tr	9	replied Nicola acting as if he was answering a complete stranger .
tr	11	His thoughts ground to a complete halt as he stared up at an image of himself .
tr	9	Chris realized only then that the last of his fireworks had gone off .
tr	7	When they all saw the time , they scattered .
tr	9	The sight of a human being in this supposedly deserted city was a startling shock .
tr	10	I can 't afford to lose you and Raven too . "
tr	10	He had also killed several underground criminals in order to expand his empire into their territory .
tr	10	I 'll get me sell summit an git t ' bed .
tr	11	Do you have work to do ? '
tr	8	Jakarta 's claiming some sort of massacre ... ... a little further south I think ... .
tr	9	He wondered if David 's soldiers were fairing as well .
tr	5	" Does this mean ... " " Well , " she said .
tr	10	' Do you know where they are ? '
tr	10	We 'd not had to use our talents yet ; no one had assaulted the king .
tr	8	Lance reaches up , holding his clawed hand to his damaged neck .
tr	7	We had best make for a hasty retreat .
tr	8	Even so , Mai holds true to her threat , and the boy continues forward in silence .
tr	10	They only wanted the processed honey created from the hard work of pollen gathering .
tr	11	The water was clouded with blood leaking from the shapeshifter 's battered body .
tr	8	But it 's fine , we know Princes need their beauty sleep . "
tr	7	Finally I bit one and took her finger ; in return , she swung her mace and shattered my jaw .
tr	6	Then it would be just a short dash in and out .
tr	7	" Asleep in the sun , can 't do much better than that . "
tr	5	Okay , maybe I was a tiny bit .
tr	7	" The legends speak of black giants as well as white and yellow ones .
tr	5	A few moments later , David joined them .
tr	9	His heart gave a lurch and that funny feeling settled in his stomach .
tr	11	Then he was coming back , shouting , holding the axe in front of him with one hand .
tr	10	More bullets whistled through the air from the right and scored a tree as I darted past it .
tr	11	Screams could be heard as the round detonated inside the structure .
tr	7	It was a youth , no more than twelve .
tr	8	Tell me what you saw there . "
tr	9	It told him how much they had missed him .
tr	6	" He could be a super villain , too , dumbass . "
tr	8	Dr Warner asked , as Nurse Edwards handed him the needle and suture .
tr	10	Frank wasn 't sure of the man 's rank as he was unfamiliar with German insignia .
tr	5	The same repackaged in a different layout , different colour , different name , but the same nonetheless .
tr	8	" Since you have done the foraging , sit and relax .
tr	5	" We got weights and stuff down there . "
tr	5	" Yeah , " he said , " very funny . "
tr	9	We didn 't know how to help .
tr	9	She grabbed Ted and squeezed him as hard as she could .
tr	9	But anyone behind us can only come in one man at a time , if they find this niche .
tr	6	As though in slow motion , the great Brazil arced through the air .
tr	6	" Yes , " she answered , " I would like that . "
tr	10	Somewhat more difficult travelling upward , but achievable .
tr	7	The air was cold -- this far north , the air was often cold , but this felt unusual .
tr	6	They continued with their discoveries .
tr	8	It was the last time he ever cried .
tr	9	Somehow I had to make it right .
tr	8	He smiled as he sipped his wine .
tr	11	It was me who fed you lies .
tr	5	No , it was just a knee-jerk kinda thing .
tr	9	' I 'm not saying he did , ' I said .
tr	10	Seems he grew a conscience with old age or maybe it was just the lousy pay that set him off . "
tr	8	Rafe fingered the sword at his side but did not pull it from its sheath .
tr	6	" He could not possibly ... " Bron swallowed .
tr	9	I have good news for all of you .
tr	10	Now Abby could clearly see what had grabbed his attention .
tr	10	" Because he can 't be read by a telepath , Jimmy , " Josie said .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	8	We have to follow protocol . "
tr	6	The freshest paper bore a date a month after his exodus .
tr	8	" I didn 't realize you cared . "
tr	5	Chapter 4 The Red Screw Ah , that clears it up then .
tr	6	" Is it ... is it night already ? "
tr	8	But I must stay with Neil and help him . "
tr	8	The wolf backed away and began scratching again .
tr	6	In the daytime it was hot and at night it was cold .
tr	10	Natalie and Sophia got up calmly and amicably and followed the path indicated by the light arrows .
tr	10	For two days , they were not seen as Pierre indulged himself in the little lady with the heated passion .
tr	6	" No fear , " Neil said without hesitation .
tr	6	" I 'm not a Muslim anymore , " he finally said .
tr	9	Now this Taylor fellow wanted to mess around in there and expected the engine to run better afterwards .
tr	8	Nearby , Logan 's horse galloped neck and neck with mine , its rider stone-faced and frowning in concentration .
tr	9	1 girl + 1 prom + 3 guys = Prom Impossible !
tr	11	She 'd immediately called George on getting back to the office and was almost shouting .
tr	10	" Just a little out of it , that 's all . "
tr	11	They flew towards the airship until it filled the sky in front of them .
tr	10	He let her passed him but called after her , ' Why not ? '
tr	9	" Thank goodness we 're on summer break .
tr	7	You had us quite on edge . "
tr	8	Her tone had shifted again , serious but no longer angry .
tr	11	I could alter my response parameters to meet a more concise format if you prefer .
tr	6	Stalin 's voice cracked and he swore softly .
tr	8	The longer he looked at the destruction , the harder it was for any degree of hope to survive .
tr	10	Do you even care about her ? "
tr	11	There was no way she could drag this to Kevin .
tr	10	They could hardly believe everything I was saying .
tr	9	Zombies in this state can seem to be not very dangerous .
tr	8	As they worked , Ted tried to project an up-beat attitude .
tr	9	" We weren 't supposed to win , " he said with firm conviction .
tr	8	He would have liked a more definitive answer to his question .
tr	7	Although in truth he looked as ill at ease as she felt .
tr	7	Our host didn 't take kindly to that .
tr	8	Once again , she 'd become the girl of the group .
tr	8	the Prince gasped , pointing off to their right .
tr	11	No one bothered me , and I was more than content to sit and brood by myself .
tr	9	the old doctor asked , now warming to David a bit .
tr	8	The weapon was pointed directly at Nathan , but the man was so surprised that he froze .
tr	7	He 'd sent them out hours ago .
tr	7	" I 'll make time , " the man grinned and followed Scott into the office .
tr	8	" Thank you , God , " she said looking at her husband .
tr	8	The bodyguard was arrested but the young lads were set free and the masks and snorkels were taken for analysis .
tr	6	After tea we went to his bedroom -- ' ' Was it tidy ? '
tr	10	It wasn 't long before a new question was asked of him .
tr	11	City people who spoke with too much speed and too little respect .
tr	6	The fifth man was Lewis Todd , and his expression was furious .
tr	7	if I screw this up , we lose our planet .
tr	10	Are you willing to help ? "
tr	11	Actually , they seem to be at the point of mutiny .
tr	9	The room became silent as everyone looked at each other expectantly .
tr	5	His arms , face , and neck received several scratches .
tr	11	A few moments later he had a good blaze going , and he moved to where Rafe had discarded his cloak .
tr	7	Jimmy didn 't wait for an answer .
tr	9	Ben stood up with his arms spread and began waddling towards the fridge again .
tr	9	Presently she withdrew the blade and showed his the blue steel stained a dull purplish crimson .
tr	9	" Sure , " replied Hunt , " I went to bed right after you left my place . "
tr	5	" I know , " Gabriel nodded .
tr	6	Chapter 4 Passing the Telephone Box -- Flora ' Fleur ' , murmured a voice in my ear .
tr	6	I looked through the powerful night vision glasses .
tr	8	If she wasn 't mistaken , and she rarely was , they were close to the perfect spot .
tr	9	He saw Sarah riding down the street on a large thoroughbred cross .
tr	8	I heard you woke up half the town last night . "
tr	8	A much stronger breeze pushes through the field as the sun has nearly set .
tr	10	Ducking forward , Rift dashes a half step before throwing a lunging punch of his own .
tr	10	I think I was protected from their killer somehow .
tr	8	The sun rose up behind the city , turning the towers to a sinister crimson .
tr	7	" She had him on the ground once , licking his face and everything . "
tr	8	Not once ... and never will be " , he blandly remarked , lifting his sword from the ground .
tr	11	This was not an ideal place to be in a bra and panties .
tr	7	At their stations the dark uniformed bridge operators , mirrored faceplates in place , monitor their systems silently and obediently .
tr	9	Do you want coffee ? "
tr	9	I expect he surfs like a champion .
tr	11	" Yes , of course ; it was his bravery that earned him his position as adviser to King Ine . "
tr	9	His feet were dangling , and he could not tell how deep the hole was .
tr	11	On occasion when alone her mind would drift to her parents left behind in Portugal .
tr	6	" Here 's Jim , " Alexandra said , " As you requested . "
tr	7	A sudden burst of static made the cat jump on my lap : the claws dug in further .
tr	11	He 'll come with us and make sure we get a fair price . '
tr	10	I know , I 've always known , that I didn 't stand a chance with you .
tr	9	I write on it legible " For Abigail Woods " and after that , I made a smile face right next .
tr	9	He sat up and winced as he picked up the oars .
tr	8	He replied , " Captain she 's my fucking ship now , you just worry about that blood . "
tr	9	Never speak to me about what my position means , you hear me ?
tr	8	" You honor us with your presence , Princess , " the woman greets with a respectful bow .
tr	9	Are you mad at me ? "
tr	11	I looked over my shoulder and saw dozens of figures emerge from the trees next to the house .
tr	10	Kaylie came down the stairs , flipped on the TV and sat down to brush the tangles out of her hair .
tr	5	" Sir , everywhere in this city is dangerous right now .
tr	6	So why , wondered Finan , was the soldier perspiring so profusely ?
tr	10	It took two hours to get everyone on board and cast off .
tr	7	After a few moments negotiating my way , I disembarked .
tr	7	' This is a grotesque farce , Roman !
tr	10	" Not originally , " he rumbled , vibrating the very walls with his voice , " but yes .
tr	11	But unfortunately , the problem is that I don 't have this map to hand .
tr	10	As the buildings grew larger in front of them Andy realised that they were below roof height .
tr	7	She is not married to you .
tr	6	I nodded , loaded a Web browser , and found the Cadogan log-in page , then typed it in .
tr	7	After this meeting the cloud ebbed away from the ship a little bit .
tr	6	It all added up to the same thing .
tr	6	His eyes went wide and he held his hands up defensively .
tr	9	" The place looks dead except for the smoke , " answered David into his throat mike .
tr	10	Too bad he was too annoyed to speak in English .
tr	11	" You can 't go back to join the defense for another day . "
tr	11	He listened as the Pastor talked with a small group of guests .
tr	10	I 'll stay in the truck with them and you go get that med kit . "
tr	7	The magical moment had passed and reality settled down on them like a comfortable blanket .
tr	6	I flinch at the sound .
tr	10	He continues to taunt , relishing in the crescendo building toward his victory .
tr	8	I looked down at Claire for a minute as she breathed .
tr	6	At first it showed nothing , just a light blue twinkling light .
tr	7	" Cera , come on , " Cady objected , but Cera was already gone .
tr	7	" Colonel Travis sends his greetings , James , " Bonham answered with a rapidly spreading grin .
tr	6	From everything she had seen , Richmond was nothing if not efficient -- diabolical and hard-hearted , but still efficient .
tr	8	First one up his nose , then one into his eye .
tr	10	As though they healed the madness of it , rather than merely cleaning up the wreckage left behind .
tr	7	" ' Tis only the mist , it ... unsettles me . "
tr	7	" I can if I choose . "
tr	7	Then with a hurt look his little shoulders drooped and he turned and walked away .
tr	8	Kim was sitting in her car , listening to the radio and singing away to herself .
tr	9	Although I 'd seen him on the viewing terminal , nothing could have prepared me for the genuine article .
tr	6	Rain patters against the windows .
tr	7	His eyes glanced all about and after a few moments of silence , he met his father 's gaze .
tr	8	" At the beginning it may have been but ... Hold on , here comes Butch . "
tr	8	He could hear the boys coming down the corridor .
tr	10	" Are you sure your friends will be all right ? "
tr	7	His voice was safe , like a kind GP or a favourite Uncle .
tr	5	Me and this dead tree , we had a connection .
tr	7	He carried his blue pinstripe suit jacket over his arm and the first two buttons of his shirt were undone .
tr	10	I keep imaging a black shadow swooping down and snatching him away .
tr	9	" One foot on the ground at all times or we fall down . "
tr	9	But I can dream , even if it is futile .
tr	9	" I 've heard of these , but never done one , " she whispered .
tr	6	" He 'll be just peachy . "
tr	6	A few minutes down the road , Ice reduced his speed at the sign for Twin Island Lake .
tr	8	Scarlett knew he was right .
tr	9	It was a building on Cochabamba 's Prado avenue , and it was burning .
tr	6	Wendy put her arm round her mother 's shoulders .
tr	7	Roberto liked what he saw .
tr	7	For a few seconds his mouth was dry , his palms sweaty , and his eyes looking frantically for the sword .
tr	9	Wooden pipes carried water from the springs to tall wooden tubs designed for seated immersion .
tr	8	Loyal guards push the massive doors shut , and the relentless wind is kept at bay .
tr	11	' What 's your ETA Mal and have you got what we want ? '
tr	8	Ivory tables crashed over , seats were splintered , velvet hangings torn down were stained red .
tr	6	" Be careful , Sarah , " he said .
tr	11	You must decide for yourself what is right .
tr	8	Lord Brogan did not betray either surprise or dismay at this utterance , but continued in his measured pace .
tr	9	Do you need police ? "
tr	10	Before the soil has a chance to freeze I need to get large fuel tanks into the ground .
tr	8	" Hello , Sweetie " said Vivian leaning against the kitchen cutting table .
tr	10	Drivers immediately started their engines , as their vehicle commanders made their way toward Flaherty 's command DEMON .
tr	11	" You 're using your mind to help throw the ball ? "
tr	7	Ethan sipped his coffee , checked his emails , and perused Carter McCord 's file for the umpteenth time .
tr	11	Julie thought it picturesque in the first rays of moonlight .
tr	9	Jacob asked , as he paced around the room .
tr	6	He lowers himself against the far wall .
tr	9	Moscow traffic was unpredictable on a good day , Amanda had warned as they left the employee lot .
tr	9	" Do you like something to drink ? "
tr	9	There were a couple of murmurs from the pilots .
tr	8	Then he set his tea bowl down , belched loudly , and relished the horrified grimace of his virtuous new apprentice .
tr	9	" How do you know it was there ?
tr	7	I invited Alexius to the castle for the meal , but if you want , I 'll send her away . "
tr	9	It connected with the side of Chris 's knee .
tr	7	Iris slid the chess table out from the corner and collected two chairs from another room .
tr	11	She doesn 't remember how to be subtle , " Valerie says .
tr	8	They paused by Miriam 's door before they went on .
tr	7	I braced myself for the sudden deceleration and reached for the steering toggles .
tr	10	I believe stone would suit me better .
tr	7	He was mad at himself .
tr	10	' I guess one of ze other heavy weights might make us an offer .
tr	8	thanks for asking , " she replied laughing , " but there 's a couple of conditions .
tr	7	" Lee , there 's cookies in the kitchen .
tr	6	The taxi driver 's eyes met Alejo 's in the rear view mirror .
tr	9	We do the shorter run on Mondays and Wednesdays , and the whole runway on Fridays .
tr	8	" It is a call from the north , a beckoning homeward .
tr	7	She raised a hand , cutting me off .
tr	9	When the digging got harder one of the cubs started to wander away and the second cub chased after him .
tr	11	" Here I am an archeologist , slap dab in the middle of the greatest catastrophe in human history .
tr	8	" You know you can 't come .
tr	5	And at last , after much legal wrangling , Huw was released .
tr	6	' You , ' Elaine said and pinched Katherine 's cheek playfully .
tr	11	We thought it would be the safest place on the compound . '
tr	7	Otherwise , with the faintest doubt , she cancelled her plans and went back to her apartment .
tr	8	That was the bottom line , regardless of whether he liked it or not .
tr	9	Which underlined the question : What were they planning ?
tr	10	Robbie was making rumblings about returning to Brunei .
tr	8	Bruno brought in some wood and old newspapers from the porch and stacked them in the empty fireplace .
tr	8	She stepped down beside him and squatted , her bare feet backed into one corner of the small pit .
tr	8	He started to leave , but I was still desperate for answers .
tr	9	I realized that I was dreaming and I started to breath easily .
tr	7	" Maybe when you grew your head back , your memories didn 't all come back with it ? "
tr	10	Who knows what else she was famous for ? "
tr	10	The old man didn 't seem too bothered by the lack of response .
tr	7	I leafed through the well thumbed pages .
tr	10	Allah had given Gabriel back his life that night in Peshawar when his throat had been slit .
tr	5	The sky got more black .
tr	9	The dog licked his new master 's face and wiggled happily while being inspected .
tr	8	Mayhem sent a team in from the other side to locate him .
tr	9	Gray held the line , and I silently pled with him to pull me back up .
tr	8	The crowd of soldiers was no longer as tight as it had been .
tr	8	You were sitting on your mother 's lap at the main campfire .
tr	11	" Think I 'm getting one holding these books . "
tr	8	The cornfield could be seen to the south now .
tr	10	Calvin didn 't know where to look and guessed everyone else felt the same .
tr	6	Those incredibly pale and alluring blue eyes travelled all the way up and down Henrietta for several seconds .
tr	6	" How do you start a typical work day ?
tr	7	Yes : ' follow the path . '
tr	6	The man just drank in all the bloodshed and horror .
tr	8	Rand 's question sounded very much like a statement of fact .
tr	10	Errol smiled sarcastically at Bing which irritated her .
tr	10	Have I ever told you that that 's my least favorite thing about this job ?
tr	11	This is where I 'm supposed to be .
tr	9	" It goes without saying I shall not abandon you , my friend .
tr	8	Wolf began to walk off .
tr	7	The prince laughed and dashed the blood-stained strands into her face .
tr	10	" I 'm not sure they even consummated the marriage , so I wouldn 't be so sure about that .
tr	6	" Here we are then gents , " the porter said .
tr	9	" John , give your Dad some of that bedding and help him press it against his wound .
tr	7	" Do you have a jealous ex-boyfriend ? "
tr	6	The arm retracted and disappeared into the console .
tr	9	See the places where it melted the rock to glass ?
tr	6	His pencil case content comprised solely of : a pencil , a small metal ruler , a sharpener and an eraser .
tr	8	They were not pointing at Nathan , but high and to his rear .
tr	9	They followed him to a four wheel drive obviously provided by Robbie .
tr	10	This long procedure took an hour before he breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	5	" Still , my King , " the skeptic advisor began .
tr	9	Chase had made it halt and fell to the ground before it hits her .
tr	8	" I mean , this girl knew how to fight .
tr	10	I step around the vacuum , crouching low , suddenly forgetful of why I 'm here .
tr	9	After giving the guards a few minutes to assemble , Byron began .
tr	7	Lars , or whatever , Alex came fast to me .
tr	10	He shouted at them , his voice echoing wildly from the cliffs .
tr	8	" It took a lot of guts to face down a bear . "
tr	11	He could see wisps of steam hanging over the plate .
tr	6	That man , Fuchs , took offense to our ignoble sentiments .
tr	11	Kim and Claire sat watching as Sky and Jeff fought over the last hole .
tr	10	You 'd be a tough sell , ' he grunted as the car splashed along the empty streets of the city .
tr	7	" Golf Charlie ; roger that , two meters , confirm rotational correction on visual , over . "
tr	7	" Well , you cock your arm back like this - " " No no !
tr	6	Even if they weren 't perfect .
tr	8	With that nervous thought bouncing around his mind , Cade looked back to the harbor .
tr	8	Upon touchdown , Mason had turned on his phone and sent an encrypted text message to Helen .
tr	9	I pushed back and tried to squirm away .
tr	9	" He 'll want to finish it there , as well . "
tr	11	We 've got a lot of traveling ahead of us . "
tr	7	He paused and looked at Victor with a troubled expression .
tr	11	You 're used to working for shareholders and they 're a hell of a lot tougher than politicians . "
tr	9	These trails were easy with little loose rock and stone with only low grasses snapping at their boot heels .
tr	6	Lord Nemesis wasn 't a cruel person , human life meant a great deal to him .
tr	7	" I love you too , Sal , " she told him , and now the tears were flowing freely .
tr	5	" Sarah , something 's happened . "
tr	11	Tomorrow , she and John would step off the garden boundaries in anticipation of preparing the ground .
tr	9	He turned to ascend the stairs , but I stopped him once more .
tr	9	After you have been announced a second time you will be escorted before the king and his advisors .
tr	7	How many of the Death Watchmen did the two of you kill ?
tr	10	I think it may be the draft , " Jess said .
tr	11	They had to walk a while before they found such a place .
tr	6	It brought tears to smart behind her eyelids .
tr	9	" Isabella Satan draining her peasants in anticipation of her upcoming pregnancy " finished Vivian .
tr	7	That takes some guts and confidence in your own vibes . "
tr	11	He looked around without worrying about his reactions being seen .
tr	8	Ahmad squinted and spotted 006 directly in front of him .
tr	6	" Well , it 's probably nothing , " ' Edward said , with a comforting pat on her shoulder .
tr	8	The question struck Taylor like a bolt of lightning .
tr	7	Stepping over the dead men , he scrambled up the stairs .
tr	6	And that terrible fight -- Gan , and poor Scar . "
tr	5	Same God as the Western God , different requests , immediate need .
tr	7	Melody went back into the house to the living room and sat down on the sofa .
tr	11	Jane didn 't seem to have heard Bryony 's confession .
tr	7	Eventually she turned south on the Banbury Road with only another twenty minutes to go .
tr	9	The girl pulled up short , held back by the big man 's outstretched and warding hands .
tr	6	For the first time , my life was greater than my imagination .
tr	10	She trapped in the brick pyramid by the Spider who throws fur . "
tr	7	Don 't know about you , but I 'd rather take my chances down here . "
tr	9	Dr. Eva continued to stare at Susan .
tr	8	The man then turned away and disappeared down a dark alley between two shops .
tr	10	Just as swiftly , Ted lost all hope of this scenario playing out in his favor .
tr	10	Just before the zombie would have been on him , Joe sidestepped .
tr	6	The recording machines automatically switched on and logged the time and date .
tr	6	He locked up the van and unsheathed the machete .
tr	7	You do what I say .
tr	6	" No , not on your life , " said Archie .
tr	8	The passenger cabin was very chic and modern with metallic paint and sharp lined captain 's chair .
tr	9	We 've been like this since the beginning of human evolution .
tr	5	It 's , like , a huge unsolved mystery . "
tr	8	" That 's right , " Alita said , " until Atticus and I made a deal . "
tr	8	" She 's basically telling us to scram .
tr	9	But it is kind of nice in here , isn 't it ?
tr	9	He told the story , beginning from the moment he jumped out of the boat .
tr	8	See what you can learn .
tr	5	Only these knots , like the flutters , weren 't al unpleasant .
tr	5	" Oh , a sister , " he said , seeming mollified .
tr	8	That got a rise out of some of them .
tr	10	He wanted him to beg him to reconsider .
tr	9	Though he had expected as much , the young man found himself both disappointed and relieved .
tr	10	The pain that shot through her was like none she 'd ever imagined .
tr	10	" They said we had to hurry .
tr	9	" Oh , " he decided would be the best response .
tr	5	An old church ... and an old church cemetery . "
tr	10	As Marcus left the Augur Collegium , he -- for a reason he did not know -- fought guilt .
tr	5	" About this competition , and the rumored prize , " Nikolai began .
tr	8	Through this fog of pain and disorientation , I fought to move forward .
tr	6	" I always wanted a sugar momma , " Jeff said with a grin .
tr	10	she said softly , running a finger along the hard line of his jaw .
tr	6	John never took his eyes off his mother .
tr	8	Does that about cover everything ? "
tr	9	' I 'm sure people do worse . '
tr	10	Throwing the chest open , the boy is confused as he paws at the dark interior .
tr	11	Chase turned his eyes to the girl who was just as his age .
tr	8	Byron took a long , steadying breath and then started walking again .
tr	8	" No it 's not , I don 't get anything " I responded by stating the obvious .
tr	8	He arranged everyone in pairs out of sight .
tr	8	Two months ago , Steve ( surname withheld ) agreed to become Agent 5D .
tr	11	" I 'll work to bring the living up to strength , " Conway said .
tr	6	Behind that mask , bloodshot eyes register confusion , then irritation with my question .
tr	10	I had a feeling that all my quaint little nicknames were now a thing of the past .
tr	8	" Let 's go home , " he whispered in Janice 's ear and she smiled and kissed him again .
tr	11	Simon , now finally feeling air flowing back into his lungs , stood up .
tr	9	Bullets struck the ground close on my heels when I emerged out of the alleyway .
tr	6	More luxuries , more diverse crops , more military weaponry and training grounds and shipbuilding , all equaled fewer resources .
tr	8	Biting off another chunk of chocolate heaven , Mirai smiled at the very concept .
tr	11	Tate grinned broadly before squatting across the fire from him .
tr	6	" Give her a few moments and she 'll wake . "
tr	8	Perhaps they remember that the Order lived here . "
tr	11	For an unlucky few , insects presented more of a distraction than the lack of feeling in their limbs .
tr	7	There was no mercy for pirates .
tr	8	The drama and excitement had completely wiped away his calm and relaxed attitude from only a minute before .
tr	9	I 'm sorry for the loss of your family .
tr	9	He moved away from her and instinctively she reached out to stop him .
tr	8	" Were you one of his friends ? "
tr	6	" But be advised , a Telling is not far from my mind .
tr	6	He took her hand , not roughly , not cruelly , just a simple touch .
tr	7	" Maybe I deserve to die . "
tr	9	She nodded and , removing her hand from his , then took a step back .
tr	10	She had been itching to tell someone .
tr	10	Loretta said you were acting spooked .
tr	9	The next one up is really angry , you don 't want to mess with him right now .
tr	6	His aura flares up , all spiky , dark and violent .
tr	10	Our radio equipment is down at the moment and I need to send a message to my commander Captain Bright .
tr	11	" Then you condone people working for you living in sin .
tr	8	A human and an HS were learning from and adapting to one another .
tr	9	At my best I could take no more than five , maybe one or two more if they are unskilled .
tr	8	To get at you . "
tr	9	I love watching her think .
tr	10	I bet flying is truly the only way out of here . "
tr	11	He nodded toward Billy , who blushed with pleasure .
tr	10	To be prepared for situations like this .
tr	9	As they reached the crossroads the sun had started its downward leg and shadows were beginning to stretch .
tr	11	You know better than to do this sort of thing .
tr	8	For some time the sisters just sat there deep in thought .
tr	8	The Prince stiffened , and breath hissed in past the gag , but otherwise he bore the treatment in silence .
tr	11	I wonder if she 's learned that from me or Ruth ?
tr	8	Captain Osiris turned and asked to one of his mates .
tr	6	Her face was rosy , her eyes bright , her pale hair sleek , her smile wide .
tr	9	Logan raised his voice above the murmurs that remained .
tr	5	" Electromagnetic spike , " the sensor operator yelled .
tr	7	The first person she saw was Valerian .
tr	5	" Phantom , " Martin , John , and Antony said simultaneously .
tr	8	" We have been lucky to this point .
tr	11	The manor sits directly above a deep lake , and the water 's so close it even laps against the foundation .
tr	5	" I booked a two-bedroom cottage . "
tr	8	An earl 's first job is to be liked .
tr	6	And then look for his family .
tr	6	Alas he found no refreshment but soon pressed on no longer concerned .
tr	11	Thane always had a way of getting what he wanted .
tr	5	" Okay , my ears and dimple , your eyes , nose , chin , and forehead .
tr	7	" No , nothing since the swim to the last ship , " she replied .
tr	10	If anything , it was safer now that she was not scowling at him from under lowered brows .
tr	6	He actually mumbles like a real person .
tr	8	Its rear doors were open , and a couple of college kids were carrying in merchandise .
tr	9	Because it had washed up on the National Seashore , the wreck was the Park Service 's responsibility .
tr	10	I chuckled , trying to ignore the comment .
tr	6	I removed my grip , I hesitated a moment , the arm clamp did not activate .
tr	6	Alongside the ladders , only a few feet above them , were round portholes twelve feet in diameter .
tr	7	Wouldn 't that be sweet ? "
tr	8	See that you do , menaced the narrator handsomely .
tr	7	I clenched my teeth and settled in for a fight .
tr	9	Her ponytail knocked loose by the force , her vision is shrouded by a sky of tangled red .
tr	11	I bit into a hunk of bread and held up my finger , so he had to wait while I chewed .
tr	10	" So , " he starts , turning back toward the doors to hide his blushing face .
tr	10	Have to think about it a bit .
tr	7	Until she does , she 's an innocent , and we don 't kill innocent people .
tr	5	" This concerns only your happiness . "
tr	8	" He ran that way , " pointing back toward the highway .
tr	9	The cougar came down , and my uncle waited , with his bow drawn back .
tr	7	Lethal took a slug of his coffee .
tr	10	I would help him wrap up the broken , bloody body in tarp .
tr	11	And the Travelodge : he 'd been staying in the same hotel as her .
tr	10	I believe he 's one of your project managers ? "
tr	10	I love them " Trudy whispered back to my utter dismay .
tr	7	With an uncharacteristic squeak , Less bends over backward as the extending chain rockets past her and spears into the wall .
tr	11	I shuddered at the dank atmosphere that reminded me of scary movies and zombies .
tr	8	With a perfect ' Nelson ' , Hank said ' what stern ? '
tr	7	He ran his fingers through his thick , brown hair and shook his head .
tr	9	" I do not see how that made much difference .
tr	6	" It will be worse .
tr	9	Admiral Kelly touched the remote pad , bringing a series of schematics up on the screen .
tr	9	When I would come out here at night , I could see these satellites .
tr	9	Elaina began to shake her head no , but found herself nodding .
tr	10	This way any interference with her will be viewed as an attack on the United States .
tr	11	" I know you are in love with him .
tr	10	Dusk was falling across the mountains when I entered the main lodge a while later .
tr	8	And he sounds disjointed because he 's not really talking .
tr	10	Although it had been a few years since his last serious harassment , he recognized the signs .
tr	6	" Sergeant George Mudd , Military Cross and Bar , DSO etc. etc. etc. .
tr	11	" So of course I am honored to host the son of a great man and invaluable friend .
tr	7	After about half an hour , I plunked down at the table .
tr	7	She gave a frightened little yelp like a small puppy and ran off at full pelt .
tr	5	" Listen , Simon , no more talk now .
tr	6	In the pews sat a few people here and there , quite possibly family members of the men .
tr	10	He slammed the door shut slightly harder than necessary .
tr	10	Do what you got ta do .
tr	6	And this way we 'll avoid customs and immigration as well .
tr	9	A hand reached for her , and she jerked away with the instinctive quickness of a cat .
tr	6	he asked of no one in particular .
tr	6	" Yeah , I thought that too , " Tim replied .
tr	10	Everybody seems hell-bent on killing themselves one way or another .
tr	9	Do you think so ? "
tr	8	Fuchs has implemented new policies in the palace and dismissed dozens of workers .
tr	7	It all created the effect of a TV series high-school cheerleader , squashed and malformed by the wrong viewing settings .
tr	6	Under Buttercup 's watchful eye , I tiptoe across the cold tiled floor to the dresser .
tr	10	There had to be reason behind it .
tr	5	' I know , ' Roman murmured apologetically .
tr	9	" The security cameras only show a finely dressed young man entering hanger three with the Asian .
tr	9	His raised inflection at the end turning the statement into a rhetorical question .
tr	8	Instinctively , Dagger quickly focuses his scans and begins recording the transmissions .
tr	5	" She ripped my hair out ! "
tr	9	David had in front of him an old , legal sized envelope .
tr	7	Cobwebs populated the distant corners of the room .
tr	9	I wanted , no I needed sleep ; but no chance of that tonight .
tr	9	On any other day , he wouldn 't have thought anything of this .
tr	7	The police know me and would never doubt a famous chef . "
tr	10	She said , and a stiff breeze sprang up to push her back to the pier .
tr	5	Despite the public setting , I grabbed his lapels .
tr	9	I expect to return in a few months .
tr	6	Gabe shrugs and puts his laptop on the desk .
tr	6	' Everyone this is my girlfriend Katherine and our flatmate Amy . '
tr	8	I said quietly as we strolled past .
tr	6	The silver of his hair gave him a cold and harsh look despite his handsome features .
tr	9	Melody 's heart was pounding in her ears as she turned and sprinted down the alley .
tr	9	Rylan dug the whetstone out of his belt pouch and reached over to his pile of things to draw a sword .
tr	10	Now , of all times , he had to be clear about everything .
tr	6	Wings is going East . "
tr	10	All others ' entry will be reviewed by the on-site border crossing commander . "
tr	7	Not sure how dads do that .
tr	8	Everyone jumped at having one .
tr	8	The tall man took the papers and inspected them , fingering the names listed .
tr	9	Elaina recalled the Linking , seeing him standing there .
tr	10	He covered the distance between himself and his visitors quickly , clasping Alejo 's hand firmly in his own beefy one .
tr	5	" The fever is worse . "
tr	11	I have learned how to deal with you .
tr	8	The thought caused Gabriel 's stomach to churn .
tr	10	It felt like a fist had clenched in her stomach .
tr	9	" Trust me , " the boy assures , scooping an arm around her waist and leaping toward the wall .
tr	9	We 'd sampled about every croissant , tart , and scone in Paris .
tr	9	she asks , walking up to her daughter and running her hand through her hair .
tr	10	He decided it suited him , being a landowner .
tr	7	We climbed inside and started a slow , rickety descent into the gloom .
tr	6	" Actually , away from the mountains is probably the right direction . "
tr	7	The song offers me the promise of bliss .
tr	9	" Here , we 're going to practice stealth . "
tr	10	" Took it from the lady I beat up . "
tr	11	Destro will never allow any harm to come to her .
tr	9	He held up his hand to cut off their protests .
tr	9	Not minding the thorns , he pushed into the middle of the gorse and peered out at the sands .
tr	10	I 've seen few men to equal you with a sword . "
tr	5	" Okay , turn round ... " Cut , cut .
tr	11	Are you planning on going inside ? "
tr	10	Marching toward Zelda with emotionless eyes , the boy clearly has no intention of helping her to her feet .
tr	10	Do you need me to ? "
tr	11	He refused to go into their family business of engineering .
tr	7	It wasn 't the biggest Starbucks or the most up to date .
tr	8	" Don 't give orders for me ! "
tr	8	Quickly rolling beside the large doorway , he presses his back against the cool stone , briefly peeking into the sunlight .
tr	10	' That can 't be what this is really about , ' I said , frowning .
tr	7	The aircraft were jacked up , batteries removed and all the systems drained .
tr	6	By the third year , Brazen 's leadership extended beyond the prison walls .
tr	9	They are the most luxuriant , decadent vermin on the face of the earth . "
tr	7	By the time he crawled back into his boat the man was gone .
tr	11	Rafe gave a shout of laughter , and Finan lifted his eyes heavenward , shaking his head .
tr	11	She should know that he wouldn 't hurt her in any way .
tr	6	" Yes , " said he , " your whole race now shares that same longing .
tr	9	The plain will take me in Athens city , and from there I have to take a ship .
tr	9	' How much do you know of the history of the immortals ? '
tr	8	It was during the waiting when Hailey and Mariposa shared their life stories .
tr	5	" Yes admiral , " said Paul and the few .
tr	6	It 's getting late . "
tr	5	" Ben , we have an appointment ? "
tr	7	Joe was maintaining his silent pursuit and Ted turned his attention back to his destination .
tr	10	Why do I feel that we 'll all know glory ?
tr	6	That car 's been there a while .
tr	6	" Under the circumstances , that is not an option , " Riyad said .
tr	9	There is much to be done . "
tr	11	That 's all you have to say !
tr	5	Now about those remaining twenty winks ?
tr	9	" They 'll fly us to Seattle first , but then we 'll be off to Washington .
tr	8	Thank the true spirits for their neighbors hiding the child from the agents .
tr	10	Jonesy tapped the port thruster button for a fraction of a second and seconds later VIN heard Jonesy swear .
tr	11	A whisking spell , no doubt , used to travel from the location of one object to another .
tr	7	" God , it 's a mess in there .
tr	8	Virgil knitted his brows and bent over the neat rows of figures in the most recent account book .
tr	10	" I 've decided you 're right , " said Mac .
tr	11	You didn 't need to be burdened with this . "
tr	7	The other two members of Callum 's inner circle nodded their agreement .
tr	11	" And probably not even they . "
tr	9	" Dion that would be wonderful !
tr	7	On the table sat a pencil and a sheet of paper .
tr	8	Why don 't we wake Alex and go to bed ?
tr	7	Taylor chuckled to himself and followed the two at a safe distance .
tr	10	She could use a friend the size of this Lizard who already knew her friend Hailey .
tr	6	Finally , after a few more turns and one unexpected dead end , a gold-colored plaque caught his eye .
tr	9	Everything that they had achieved so far had simply been child 's play in comparison .
tr	9	" Why would it make him the end to your , err , our species ? "
tr	9	Sorry to have kept you .
tr	11	I don 't know what he did to you , but you seem well as you ever were . "
tr	11	" No one will notice -- and if they do , they 'll think I 'm wearing striped pants .
tr	11	That 's why we want to have a closer look .
tr	9	Silence echoed the hall as the Old Wizard shook his head in disbelief .
tr	9	Their particular skills leant themselves to the job of oil rig security and protection as the main threat was terrorist activity .
tr	7	The smell of body odor drifted off him , but I didn 't care .
tr	5	" See , Johnny , it just needed a little push . "
tr	10	" Why would you want to take on your dad ? "
tr	6	" Hello there Sergeant , please come in .
tr	6	Psychologically , the men became even more afraid of the night .
tr	7	We may never get that good a chance again . "
tr	9	Two against fourteen is not good odds , even if you make it past the arrows .
tr	6	The birds still twittered their early morning song , the trees still swayed and the squirrel still did not leap .
tr	9	" Well , those are the more exciting aspects of the training , but I want to be the best .
tr	8	She doesn 't wear the head scarf that our women wear .
tr	10	And , that 's not taking into account the nasty tariffs and import costs and the recent wars in the Orient .
tr	9	He twisted off the cap and flicked it into the trashcan a few feet away .
tr	8	Tutor him in history on Tuesdays and Thursdays . "
tr	9	Jonesy took the news in stride , his face showing no emotion .
tr	6	" We 're on vacation here in Ireland . "
tr	11	I knew what he was going to say .
tr	10	I didn 't want to end up like that .
tr	10	She will find a way to destroy him .
tr	5	Is it the whole team or just a few rotten players ?
tr	9	" You know what I 'm talking about , " said Reggie , amused nevertheless .
tr	6	Yet again , to everyone else , she probably seemed dead sincere , but to Ali , her words were chilling .
tr	6	" And for you , Kora , " continued the old Indian chief , " you have chosen your destiny . "
tr	5	It was a long time ago .
tr	6	Besides the front door , the three windows with wooden shutters are the only way in and out .
tr	8	The same thing happened , on a lesser scale , when they saw their first rabbit .
tr	5	I gave him my dumb blonde look .
tr	6	" So your just staying conscious was a wonderfully brave thing ? "
tr	10	Clues to what , she wasn 't certain , but she was certain that she 'd find something .
tr	6	But even in its retreat , the demon struck out at Beth with its sharpened tentacles .
tr	8	" Sire , we don 't have time for any questions .
tr	6	At the question , a thick man in uniform stepped forward .
tr	7	She didn 't take her eyes off the burning cottage .
tr	10	He understood what Dane had said about salvation .
tr	7	" A lot of people would disagree , " said David tense .
tr	7	" That still leaves us with the enigma itself : the cube .
tr	9	But everyone around them was so excited that they didn 't hear them anyway .
tr	10	We 'll be home in time for tea , just like I 've said all along . "
tr	9	All the buildings are painted every color of the rainbow , with arches and spires like lace .
tr	7	" Tell me , have you seen Dr. Harland today ? "
tr	8	You took all that time , just to set up a punch line ? "
tr	9	It seemed like the pigeons circled us forever , but they would not land in our trees . "
tr	10	The sun lit the horizon behind him but had not yet begun to warm the orchard .
tr	8	" Yes , " said Brazen , still locked onto Reggie .
tr	9	At least if they had yelled at one another there would have been a relief of some sort .
tr	11	The smell of the leaves came from the pungent oil which oozed from their capillaries .
tr	11	She 's one of them hot-blooded Italian dames , know what I mean ?
tr	10	He had spent a great deal of time on the farm in his younger years training with Epona .
tr	8	" And how do you know I 'll be stronger than you ?
tr	11	" It says : ' She lost it before she died in 1971 .
tr	5	Lock and key ... " All right , " he said .
tr	8	Yawning , I replied , " The journey 's only a few hours to begin with . "
tr	7	I close the front door behind me , and follow Kayla 's dad into the living room .
tr	11	Something had to happen to break the deafening silence .
tr	7	The American smiled , spreading his hands .
tr	6	She watched him , her eyes never leaving his face , her cheeks flushed , lips parted .
tr	10	He felt a slight bump as the rear tire ran over the zombie 's foot .
tr	9	It was a path that was well worn .
tr	9	Some just slid to the floor to sit silently in the cool stillness .
tr	7	Try not to speak . "
tr	8	The executions were planned for noon and the presence of the troops so early was deliberate .
tr	11	He liked the rain ; it had a way of washing everything clean .
tr	6	" Wow , " Missy said , " we beat them back here . "
tr	8	One bad teacher can ruin a generation of young people .
tr	9	I 'm the center , because I 'll bring him down .
tr	5	" Young man , you are terrified .
tr	9	His being became overwhelmed with love from the Infinite One .
tr	8	" Would you like my colleagues to continue the interview ? "
tr	11	She squinted at the prawn and poured him out into the pool in a flurry of legs and antennae .
tr	8	I have to see that . "
tr	5	" A peasant , a peddler , a doctor , and now !
tr	7	He no longer bounced or skipped ; instead he walked with weight behind each step .
tr	10	Who would want to kill him ?
tr	7	I have to go . "
tr	11	He owed them a debt now , one he had to repay .
tr	8	I touched his shoulder and silently indicated the roof of the adjacent building .
tr	7	Scratching his chin , Nigel shifted to a different search engine and tried again .
tr	9	He snorted and moved his laptop as if it were a shield .
tr	9	This was so much bigger than she had ever bargained for .
tr	11	He looked up to see Aries striding toward him .
tr	10	We 're mainstream these people are , I du n no , odd . '
tr	10	Jacob broke the silence , " Keep pushing for the accelerometer suit .
tr	8	The mission was now complete and he could return home for his reward .
tr	6	" This is cool , " she said .
tr	10	" That was supposed to be our secret , " Ricky was wounded by his brother 's betrayal .
tr	6	" Make this your home for the moment . "
tr	9	" Where 's the promising Sofia that I 've known ? "
tr	11	He struggled to find words to express his confusion .
tr	9	Suddenly , a line of the spiked balls begins to rapidly vanish one at a time .
tr	8	What are your sisters trying to do ? "
tr	8	He repeated this several times , advancing the gun case up the slope , until he was fully out .
tr	6	she asked out of breath .
tr	10	" So ... " Gabe says finally , " that must have been pretty awkward this morning .
tr	10	And the deal is the same as before , plus an extra 20 grand to make it a wearable mask .
tr	11	" I don 't have to answer any of your questions anymore . "
tr	8	He heads straight for the closet and pulls his favorite jeans off the hanger , and a flannel shirt .
tr	6	" Good evening , my lord , " she said , and closed the door .
tr	8	It 's better to try and make it last . "
tr	6	Without you all , these stories would never get written .
tr	7	The pace was faster and they kept to the narrow path .
tr	9	I should be at the hospital within 24 hours . "
tr	5	That I will never forget . "
tr	8	All I can think of is ... . "
tr	9	" So why would he want us to go along ? "
tr	10	" Don 't tell anyone you don 't love . "
tr	7	Squires slammed the door , spun the large ringed key , and tossed it into a far corner .
tr	10	" Will the added exposure cause any sort of lasting side effects ? "
tr	10	From when you were training on Mars .
tr	11	" I will see if the computer can change her glide angle , " replied Jonesy .
tr	11	But you need to learn to control yourself . "
tr	6	Where did they get that ? "
tr	11	I yelled while trying to suppress a giggle .
tr	6	Gabe fiddles with the device .
tr	6	The smell of apples and cinnamon floated in the air .
tr	6	In this way he hoped his arms , his shoulders , his armpits also , could get more breathing room .
tr	9	I reckon you won 't last two weeks . "
tr	7	The beam from the Chevy 's headlights washed across the asphalt .
tr	7	I make love to her and she simply melts in my arms .
tr	7	Perfectly concealed , they laid on their stomachs and waited for their signal .
tr	11	She looked at him , her eyes asking him what to do .
tr	7	She kicked the heavy tarps off her body , desperate for fresh air .
tr	5	" Thanks , Charles , " I gave him a weak smile .
tr	10	The downpour stopped , the waters became calmer and the wind began to blow .
tr	10	I didn 't have much of a view while sitting in the hover car . "
tr	6	* * * * * The pain was sudden and almost inconceivably fierce .
tr	6	" How did you do that ? "
tr	11	" Do you want me to carry one ? "
tr	8	The village elders set the bonding date , and there is little room for negotiation .
tr	10	" Billy 's intentions are to take advantage of everyone around him .
tr	7	Good for us , but possibly terrible for Aimee .
tr	5	" Chosen One , " the creepy voice said .
tr	8	This wolf had already tasted the blood , and he was salivating for his piece .
tr	5	More accurately , under downtown Fullerton , as the name was indeed fitting .
tr	7	Nancy squeezed my shoulder , and Frankie winked at me .
tr	6	" Rafe has a temper and loses it as often as not .
tr	8	He was stronger than the average woman , and far quicker and more ferocious .
tr	5	" Now you , soldier , " he addressed the man .
tr	9	They came here to watch some action movie , " Mrs. Collins said .
tr	10	" Jeff and I ... we 're going to get married . "
tr	6	* * * * The next morning , Chuck arrived early to the Studio .
tr	11	I said , " Ms. Abernathy , especially if she 's mistreating my sweetie . "
tr	8	" Step out of the car , Ms. Bartholomew , " he ordered , his voice devoid of all emotion .
tr	6	If we don 't , the answer is ' no ' . "
tr	7	She slept at my place last night and um , er , left early this morning .
tr	11	Bing elevated the rear of his vehicle and his gunner went to work , the twin cannons pounding away .
tr	7	It was one of his confounded rules .
tr	9	I had been puzzled by them at the time and still was to a certain extent .
tr	11	I went to bathroom and the first thing I did was a cold shower .
tr	8	It was impossible to breathe .
tr	8	" Heck , I bet the ship itself didn 't even take three months to build .
tr	8	Melody extended the rifle 's stock and slapped the spare magazine into the mag well .
tr	7	Pretty girls approached him and the others with champagne and this time even Raphael accepted .
tr	7	For Dad he was the loyal staff member , knowledgeable in all areas .
tr	7	" But now , we cannot stand around and discuss this now .
tr	9	He was preparing to do something .
tr	6	" You really are a miracle worker , Mr. Neil .
tr	5	" Lock ' n load ! "
tr	7	The woman in the white uniform brought a tray to his bed and put it on the round table .
tr	11	Archie shouted as he pulled back on the control column to stop the plane falling .
tr	7	" The devil take her , Dr. Gordon , " replied the heavily built , blonde-haired captain of the Tempest .
tr	7	He just laughed and closed the panels over the generator assembly .
tr	6	Dickie didn 't even look up .
tr	7	Mr Tide 's large entrance startled me , and I knocked the paper work to the floor .
tr	8	She looked at David ... David said , " Harry was poisoned .
tr	9	" Do not let the sight of no hole fool you , my friend .
tr	9	He 'd been hit in the neck ; it was awful .
tr	10	Change only happens after there is a shift in perspective .
tr	6	Hunt , Farmer and Spade took the news without much emotion .
tr	8	Melody could see the bullet hit , but it was low and to the right .
tr	6	I Am Fully Recovered And Enthusiastic About My Tasks + + + ' Not mad , then ? '
tr	11	He had almost lost her like he had lost his sister , and tears rolled down his cheeks .
tr	9	Just have to keep looking .
tr	10	said Bilbo who was peering forward .
tr	9	' He made a cell that can never die . '
tr	9	Chalky 's an old brother in arms from the Great War .
tr	9	Mana , picking up another book from the table where they did lessons , glanced at Miriam and followed her gaze .
tr	10	He particularly wants to get hold of JD .
tr	11	" Winston was worried you wouldn 't go to the ER .
tr	10	To those who think us cruel , know that our devotion warrants that cruelty .
tr	8	His throat had turned a slight tinge of blue in just the past month .
tr	6	Exploration vessels , science vessels , and small private ships all left from here .
tr	7	I can ask some questions , gather ideas , then you and Gareth can choose the best one . '
tr	7	" Weekends and one week in August . "
tr	11	I 'm sure you 'll find him dead .
tr	10	" You mentioned you can actually locate a person , correct ? "
tr	5	This is probably a bad idea .
tr	8	It took him two years to get close enough .
tr	6	His skin is gray , his suit rumpled .
tr	11	" And the whole thing fails if someone 's in the great hall at the time .
tr	9	The memory of where she was crushed her .
tr	8	They were the same as twenty minutes earlier and all the lights on the console were still green .
tr	6	A world without sorrow , or limits , or questions .
tr	9	I wanted to marry you and everything . "
tr	7	I was looking at him like an idiot .
tr	9	Following Eva 's directions , we wove to the west and arrived at the outskirts of the village .
tr	6	The two others for women , one young , the other older , perhaps 35 or 40 years of age .
tr	8	' It sure looks real to me , ' muttered Reid .
tr	9	" Minister , the palace has been secured as we discussed .
tr	5	Oh , this was not good .
tr	7	When Lumpkin left , Sal called his security chief , Danny Zamir , and summarized the last twenty minutes .
tr	11	" I remember one day we came across an empty village and they searched around to gather some food .
tr	9	One of his hands drifted to his throat and Gabriel 's Adam 's apple bobbed .
tr	9	The words sank in through the fog in Claire 's mind .
tr	11	' I guess you know that I killed two policemen last night ? '
tr	7	" It is the place of an evil wizard .
tr	10	Who knows what she will do !
tr	11	She saw how he moved as little as possible while on the ground above the burrows .
tr	10	You say you are going to Song .
tr	10	The idol has been forged ... we will not let harm come to our blessed mother .
tr	11	Calvin looked past her to see Amy waving from the queue .
tr	10	Me and the others almost peed our pants the way you scared us . "
tr	6	" You two newbies in the back . "
tr	6	The men sagged with relief .
tr	9	It should be ; the old man had paid an eye watering amount of money for it .
tr	6	Upstate New York and western Pennsylvania fought similar battles against the urban invaders .
tr	7	He did his best and had you in surgery for over six hours .
tr	8	They exchanged small talk about the food and music of the previous night while they waited .
tr	7	Then there was the birth of their first daughter just before the Second World War .
tr	11	" These men are here to assist you in getting there . "
tr	8	" Rafe knows what he is doing .
tr	9	It was time to finish this .
tr	6	Yet in truth , they never did ; I still see them .
tr	7	You two old mates ? "
tr	11	Parnell was scraping the bottom of the barrel with that excuse and had to know it .
tr	8	and that 's when I pushed the button .
tr	7	Nobody opens a door or even a window without me watching .
tr	10	I used to bring you treats . "
tr	6	Minutes later the photographer said , ' Just a couple more . '
tr	6	" And what was Count von Rani 's crime ? "
tr	7	Just a little longer Ana , he promised her silently .
tr	11	" Perhaps they were worried that alerting the public would have caused a panic . "
tr	11	Danny stood back relieved seeing Johnny notch the volume down a touch .
tr	7	I 'll take you to your great-grandfather .
tr	11	A light scrape proclaimed that she was turning the key in his lock .
tr	9	We 'll leave after we eat , " Rick said , looking at his watch .
tr	10	I expect needles , jumbo computers , brain wave readers , beakers foaming with purple liquid .
tr	8	I tried to talk , but couldn 't come up with anything .
tr	11	That took a lot longer than I thought it would . "
tr	8	sweetheart " " I really don 't know , Georgie .
tr	8	Maria hastily began to remove the jacket .
tr	8	Her father held the letter with shaking hands and as she stepped closer , his right arm fell to his side .
tr	11	It billowed and consumed , destroying as it washed through her .
tr	5	Suddenly , the stone man 's hand twitched .
tr	8	As they leapt up rocky cliffs and ascended steep inclines , Brand occasionally thought of running away .
tr	9	Victoria moved into the picture , standing behind Toby 's recliner .
tr	5	( Breakfast ) " Yes , It is ready . "
tr	9	Many people could lose their lives at a blink of an eye .
tr	11	Woodpecker was amazed as this was generally connected with their respective responsibilities .
tr	8	They left the beach and made their way towards their goal , the large palace .
tr	10	I decided to go to sleep .
tr	6	" Prost , " Taylor offered the old Austrian drinking cheer and cautiously took a sip .
tr	7	It was complete with weather patterns .
tr	5	" No , it isn 't , " Mike agreed .
tr	8	The agent caught the punch in his chest - it doubled him over and lifted him off his feet .
tr	7	We 'll be rolling momentarily . "
tr	11	After her vow , I am surprised she hadn 't destroyed her beacon , " Dresden offers .
tr	9	The man frowned heavily as he shook hands with Victor .
tr	10	Claire turned and saw a rueful pair of brown eyes smiling at her .
tr	6	I stared into the darkness outside the cabin window .
tr	5	There , there , " she heard a voice murmuring close by .
tr	11	His hands were shaking as he wiped a bead of sweat from his forehead .
tr	9	Riding off into the Irish countryside never to be seen again ?
tr	8	Yes , for a few minutes , but what did that matter now ?
tr	8	Confidence racing over the dial towards arrogance .
tr	10	Rift finds himself reeling as Mai 's warnings consistently come too late .
tr	9	She caught his last look as she grinned back at his smoky smile .
tr	5	" Those , my dear , were dead Siren souls . "
tr	6	" This is creepy , " Tori said and hugged her legs .
tr	6	As for my friends , we leapt towards the king .
tr	8	Calvin didn 't need telling twice .
tr	10	I was sweating like a bluefin on hot sand , I tell you . "
tr	10	" Just out of curiosity , when is the next scheduled JP radio broadcast ? "
tr	8	Pick one guy in the room and screw up his day ? "
tr	8	" For God 's sake , don 't let him see this . "
tr	8	Adele opened her eyes suddenly , meeting his considering gaze and disconcerting him .
tr	7	" Put your hand on the bowsprit , here , and lean out . "
tr	9	" Yep , " she said simply , a smug smile returning to her face .
tr	11	Tasha was slowly learning from him on how to do it .
tr	9	' And they weren 't trying to kill you .
tr	6	In the distance , he saw a foot drift into view from a side corridor .
tr	8	Miriam thrust the comb down the front of the dress .
tr	11	She blinked , noticing he wasn 't wearing a t-shirt anymore .
tr	6	" St John 's Wood actually , " said Tony laughing , his voice very cultured .
tr	10	" Told you it would be worth it . "
tr	9	All of them searched both tunnels , poking , prodding , and knocking the wall all the way .
tr	7	Stuff 's like concrete but even worse , at least concrete will break out in chunks .
tr	11	But Paris knew he had to be forceful .
tr	8	Academically , Simon was at the top of his class in most subjects including Malay .
tr	8	An ' I got me a crew with the same problem .
tr	6	Peyton 's last threat echoed in my mind .
tr	11	The only thing that mattered now that he was still alive , was that he reunite with Sarah and John .
tr	11	" Oh , you 're supposed to look in it , and reflect -- get it ? "
tr	11	She would have to leave and never come back , always look over her shoulder .
tr	11	Tim noticed the old man 's hand shaking slightly as he did so .
tr	7	I take the box out , open it , and see a beautiful locket with a chain .
tr	9	How little did he know !
tr	8	All I care about right now is getting all of our equipment up here .
tr	7	His thoughts stuck on the word married .
tr	8	Following the attacks , the nuclear fallout drifted east with the prevailing winds and weather patterns .
tr	5	" Kalli , I - " He stops and closes his eyes .
tr	10	He didn 't like flying in general , and he hated small planes in particular .
tr	7	No more meetings above ground ; take normal lunch breaks and contact me only in an emergency . '
tr	10	We 've got to take him at home . "
tr	11	Rick interrupted , " Honey , that 's definitely amazing , but Anna is about to run again .
tr	11	I don 't even know how to talk with you .
tr	10	Although the idea of such an organization with broad powers makes sense , it also raises concerns .
tr	8	The movement he had seen had been a trick of the light .
tr	11	These weren 't the sort of soldiers that protected people .
tr	6	" Yes , I 've heard the great news ! "
tr	11	I 'm sure that 'll put his mind at rest . "
tr	9	You seek that which lies only in legend .
tr	8	I think he 's a Bastian . '
tr	10	Gabe pulls us off the main trail , following small veins of beaten dirt through thick hedges of spruce and pine .
tr	7	The children were ragged , dirty , and rough but they were also stout , vital , and energetic .
tr	6	" But if you get in the way I 'll send you home .
tr	7	" It will frighten them and they will blame me . "
tr	6	Beside her sat Rupert Everett , a brilliant military strategist and former General .
tr	6	After the hail , the winds and snow arrived in full , frenzied power .
tr	8	If you mind , I will stop saying Ab . "
tr	11	" I was wondering when they would show up , " Valerie says with a sigh .
tr	10	I don 't want the ambassador running into him in the outer office ; angry words might ensue . "
tr	7	They found themselves being dragged .
tr	10	I noticed on one of my trips around base that the mushroom lay abandoned next to a workshop .
tr	11	Butch was easier to get along with and less pretentious than Anderson .
tr	8	The color is calming down to his natural blue , and the spikes recede to a steadier flow .
tr	8	Large tree branches dipped their fingers into the edge of the water .
tr	7	Neil doesn 't like it at school , though . "
tr	5	They have flashlights and whistles .
tr	7	" What 's going on ? "
tr	8	The shuttle had none of these and due to its smooth shape and high landing speeds .
tr	9	Kept forcing him to drink .
tr	5	One day momma and I put our vegetable garden in .
tr	9	There were photos everywhere but none of any kids .
tr	9	As Simon entered his combination locker numbers , he noticed two men in suits entering the corridor .
tr	11	Lonnie and Missy looked back in time to see the surprised look on Ricky 's face .
tr	6	Her breasts swell beneath a tight , pink blouse .
tr	10	" Ya know this whole apartment would fit into my living room back home . "
tr	11	This was his protection , his muscle as he went through the distribution phase .
tr	6	A clench of intimidation sank its talons into her gut at his girth and length , at his beauty and sleekness .
tr	5	" The Bru , sir , yes sir , oh , that doll . "
tr	8	For Calvin , the band 's professional sound couldn 't save their songs ' lack of grit .
tr	6	Drive down and meet me there .
tr	7	" It is not that bad , Señor , just some scratches . "
tr	5	' Under all that polish there 's still a gauche , insecure adolescent .
tr	9	Ellen stood and shrugged her left arm into her coat before switching the phone from her right hand .
tr	8	There were less of them than I dreamed , and they must have been desperate .
tr	9	Oh no , she 's going to sing now .
tr	7	The woman sighed and shook her head , and Neil quickly intervened .
tr	11	He was excited that he could finally call it quits .
tr	8	Hitler refused to meet him though . "
tr	11	His mouth watered suddenly , and he tried to sit up and reach for the spoon .
tr	10	I then unlocked the gas tank before pushing a length of plastic tubing into the tank .
tr	6	Abby didn 't notice his awkward behavior .
tr	6	" Not for the Temporal Caste , " Serena says , her voice just a whisper .
tr	6	" So that gives us ... what ... twelve hours ? "
tr	11	Snippets of conversation indicated that the people knew trouble was coming .
tr	7	I reached in , switched on the battery master switch , and selected ' up ' undercarriage .
tr	6	Ever since The Day , she did this , a hug , a smile , and the question .
tr	6	He used his butcher knife and cut off the right hind leg .
tr	8	He walks around the bedroom , looking out the various views into the forest .
tr	7	Her arms and legs had numerous scratches and bruises , but none of these things detracted from her natural radiance .
tr	8	And it 's better to not even try .
tr	9	Again , at the Eiffel , she 'd told me to burn this .
tr	7	Glancing up to his face , I stopped .
tr	6	Her younger sister Katie , on the other hand , reveled in the constant activity in their home .
tr	11	Besides , I don 't even know if we can trust her anymore , ' he said .
tr	8	They heard a shuffling and as they turned , three black creatures in shabby armor and tattered cloaks stood before them .
tr	10	It was as if the two of them were joined at the hip .
tr	6	She mentioned Linkin Park , Robbie Williams , Frank Sinatra and Aretha Franklin in one breathe .
tr	11	We have time yet before we have to move , and we have a long journey ahead of us .
tr	8	" That might be too hard an ask even of you , Hennessy .
tr	7	And there were some openings in the team now .
tr	10	Seems the Irish considered the wine in the " essential things " category and I did very well in my trading !
tr	8	Seconds later another foaming mug magically appeared in front of Hunt .
tr	8	He would offer her a ride to the castle gates .
tr	5	" I love you too , Laurence Mill . "
tr	9	Next , we 'll try capturing the scoundrels in the act .
tr	5	" Well , because , they only grow an inch every thousand years . "
tr	10	I was afraid it might be me .
tr	6	" Eda , look ; the rain has stopped and there is even a little sunshine ! "
tr	9	Satisfied with her message , Midna vanishes from view , though the connection to the twilight realm remains .
tr	10	To show her who is boss ? "
tr	8	For a moment he couldn 't think where he was .
tr	7	And only when the sisters met up together did the background return to a tender light lilac colour .
tr	11	Mac reacted with a punch to the face that didn 't stop Raymond .
tr	9	Do you believe that ? "
tr	8	Plus , one or other of them always noticed the fuzziness of the link and investigated .
tr	8	Two white dents appeared on either side of her nostrils .
tr	8	He paused until the mutters died down .
tr	8	" Why the hell didn 't you scan the facility before we landed ? "
tr	11	" Did you ever find out who betrayed your husband ?
tr	8	" Do you want to stay here ?
tr	6	In the room beyond , Felix Thorne turned and smiled .
tr	6	" It 's not that simple , " he says .
tr	9	Ready for a fight , the emotionless face carved into his helm triples the already ample intimidation he is generating .
tr	9	Do you have vehicles ? "
tr	8	Rand 's hand closed around her upper arm , his fingers hard and unyielding .
tr	7	Miriam tried not to shiver .
tr	7	" Yes ... and take the book as well , " he enthused and turned to Matthew .
tr	10	Instead , I blithely walk inside and open my mouth to announce a cheerful good morning .
tr	7	Did he have children of his own ?
tr	8	Keira , Jan remembered the name as she resumed packing .
tr	7	" Here , on the wall near the door frame there is a biometric strip . "
tr	9	" She says I look like him .
tr	5	Terribly selfish , isn 't it ? "
tr	5	" Sure , Tim , " said Reggie .
tr	8	Laurence was talking about his dance competitions and Abby seemed very interested about his stories .
tr	6	Getting his footing , Roberto laid the lifeless body down .
tr	9	' We 're here , ' I said quietly towards the microphone pinned to my Kevlar vest .
tr	6	The first year I lived in Cochabamba .
tr	8	She called Mason , getting him on the fourth ring .
tr	9	The tough brother stopped to brush his snout against the weaker Lizard .
tr	8	" About your little bundle of joy having the powers of Lucifer and me all mixed together ?
tr	9	Her face was frozen in place with a mix of surprise and pain .
tr	5	" Oh , that 's all ? "
tr	7	Sure they went through the motions , lots of people did she knew .
tr	9	" What happens if he doesn 't survive ?
tr	6	The reactor had the same lead walls , this time painted a bright green .
tr	9	The bending , weaving path through the canyon north of the castle has an oddly mystical ambience .
tr	5	All the while it cried a desperate high-pitched cry .
tr	6	" Human , human , human ... " " I brought her home to you ! "
tr	9	I ain 't gon na hurt ya .
tr	7	selling houses for an Estate Agent in Hereford .
tr	10	Even those Dadaist ones from Europe that they call modern art , " he laughed .
tr	6	Sand , dust , dirt , flesh-eating spiders , saber tooth bats , and your choice of hostile neighbors ! "
tr	8	It was posted on YouTube , but of course has already been taken down .
tr	8	Or you , " Simon added as an afterthought , looking at Miriam .
tr	8	" Are you suggesting this one 's a setup as well ?
tr	7	And in a few minutes they had a fire going and almost everyone was asleep .
tr	10	I must find a place to make my stand .
tr	9	replied Giorgio , surprised that such a question came from his friend .
tr	7	She took a deep breath , closing her eyes .
tr	11	" He is the guard who let us go ! "
tr	6	Something I never talked about again .
tr	8	I don 't know when or how , but you will pay for that as well . "
tr	10	He could hear men with rumbling deep and , it seemed , mocking voices .
tr	10	" Well what does our discretion say ? "
tr	6	She took a thin , shuddering breath and opened her eyes .
tr	8	she answered with a straight face , and then bowed for dramatic effect , awaiting his reply .
tr	6	So I only saw the big lug a few times a week , sometimes only once a week .
tr	6	" Why the hell did they put it way out here ? "
tr	7	She felt so weary , the need to sleep weighed down her eyes and pulled on her whole body .
tr	6	" Yes , " she said simply and closed the window .
tr	7	That was unlike him , and now four good soldiers and one important telepath were dead .
tr	9	Though he was always invisible to the zombies , apparently Melody had worked out her own disappearing act .
tr	8	Conversely , one extremely good teacher may well advance the whole of civilization .
tr	10	Neil spread out his hands , trying to calm the resultant uproar .
tr	6	Upon her deathbed , the nurse reluctantly shared her knowledge with her only son .
tr	10	At the top of the stairs there was a corridor that gave access to several doors .
tr	5	" The boffins say another few days at most . "
tr	8	The boys were nothing but trouble and the parents were loud partiers and never disciplined their sons .
tr	6	" Target acquired , " Red states , his voice deep and distinctively mechanical .
tr	9	Michael rushed to assure him that : " Everything has been fine with us . "
tr	8	His heart was exactly where it should be .
tr	5	Had you better not tell Lady Adele the truth ? "
tr	11	I turned to her , and I could not believe how beautiful she was , even upset .
tr	9	I don 't mean to feel poorly .
tr	10	She felt where fangs used to be .
tr	8	" It says ' Time to rejoin ' , " Tori told her .
tr	8	But before Jolie swept from the room he blew out all the candles .
tr	8	David opened the door to the dark interior of the cottage .
tr	10	Hailey ran to the front of the brick deck where she could see almost all the pool surface .
tr	8	He hated it when his enemies bested him .
tr	10	The others had continued moving , so I caught up as we walked across the lawns .
tr	5	" Well , since then , our northeastern district sales are down substantially . "
tr	6	His voice sent an unpleasant chill down her spine .
tr	7	" There ya are , laddie , " he said as he approached .
tr	7	" Just two : a pilot and a miner , " replied Ryan .
tr	8	" I want a good defensive position for the night , " Falconer said .
tr	5	And in Dundee , there was no " start slow , gather speed " option .
tr	7	" I held on to him with everything that I had .
tr	9	After a short wait , the four guards posted outside led us into the throne room .
tr	10	I 'll know you 'll be safe here . "
tr	11	he asks Serena , refusing to look at her .
tr	9	That was difficult to argue with .
tr	10	" Are you going to ask her ? "
tr	5	" Equipment check , " said Mudd quietly .
tr	8	" Well , now we are going for dinner , then to bed , and tomorrow we are going home . "
tr	11	" I wish to finish the feud between our families once and for all , " responded Rand .
tr	7	The pirate was after his instantly , sword out and murder in his heart .
tr	5	' Ooh , clever lad , ' Trudie said .
tr	8	" A dream for one can be a dream for many .
tr	8	Up until that point his identity had been kept secret .
tr	11	This is when you get to be creative . "
tr	9	It 's a couple of miles away , head for it but be careful .
tr	9	A huge beam of light span from one cloud tower to another followed by a mighty thunder roar .
tr	9	I 'm off to brief Jack .
tr	7	Although the scenery was fantastic , the rolling and often uncomfortable seats of a locomotive are not the best of accommodations .
tr	7	To her left was an expanse of flat ground and spiky , clumped grass .
tr	9	' Does Grace know , and Richard ? '
tr	7	His war club was on his right shoulder , and last but not least was his medicine bag on his belt .
tr	8	She winces and reaches back with stiff limbs to touch her blood soaked hair .
tr	8	For example , Alex 's response of ' Pearl Harbor ' would have resulted in this view . "
tr	9	" When do you want to do it then ? "
tr	10	He started panting heavily after saying that .
tr	11	" You know enough son , and that 's exactly the sort of attitude I 've been talking about .
tr	8	I like it just fine over here . "
tr	10	She moved toward the bed and the men parted before her .
tr	11	It was exhausting watching her every minute of every day .
tr	10	' I know you want to fight .
tr	7	Normally they just left the islanders to themselves , and , again , a nagging feeling settled in his gut .
tr	8	The thin white lines and ridges that remained would be there forever .
tr	10	" How long before other countries are able to do the same ?
tr	6	" But for now , " her father continued , " there is a small problema , mi cara . "
tr	11	Also , no sense in pulling them back just so we have to bring them back up here again .
tr	10	Is she going to help ? "
tr	7	Won 't happen to me , though .
tr	10	She couldn 't see the driver but knew it must be Brian .
tr	8	said Tim with a hint of sarcasm .
tr	7	The three leaders , now clad in appropriate island gear , started their search in earnest for the very important object .
tr	9	While there were ten people in all , Sarah counted only five men .
tr	7	He might be a good pilot , but he sure couldn 't fly a casino .
tr	6	Reluctantly , the men assumed their sleeping positions , but the eerie howling noise haunted their dreams .
tr	6	" Captain , police gunships have returned , " Red reports ominously .
tr	9	Mai proclaims , sounding extremely energetic , and a little immature .
tr	9	" It 's like no one is home , " Amanda whispered .
tr	8	Once they reached the door , they ran through and it closed with a resounding boom !
tr	5	It 's only us . "
tr	5	Bugger , I kind of said it anyway .
tr	6	Collin 's jovial expression changed , his arms slumped , and he staggered back a few more paces .
tr	8	Get ready and then see what happens .
tr	6	" You know sir , a floating fortress might be an interesting idea . "
tr	7	" How do you know about her ? "
tr	10	The marines acted , one advancing on each side while the other two covered him .
tr	6	A self-important , pompous man would not speak this way .
tr	7	In a drawer in a storage compartment he found large metal slip-on shoes with straps .
tr	6	" Here eat some , " Susanne said , " I made it especially for you . "
tr	6	" It 's a long walk from here to St. Louis . "
tr	8	" Are their others like you here ? "
tr	6	Dad stood only feet away , his mouth clamped shut , his breath rapid and heavy .
tr	8	The lender who helped my father was the cousin of the Falcon .
tr	11	If we have no way to report information , we can 't do much to help in this fight . "
tr	8	asked a the man on the horse .
tr	7	Liz 's doubt was apparent even in the poor light but she closed her eyes and held out her empty hand .
tr	10	But in order to earn it , you had to put your hand on a Bible and swear yourself to secrecy .
tr	9	Just have the guards bring them in here and secure them .
tr	10	It 's not like they 'll be here for an extended time . "
tr	9	" You are standing inside my body , talking about respect ?
tr	5	" One moment ... Lil , Coop , Captain Mack , Butch , and you .
tr	6	Her dress puffed all around her .
tr	9	I know what it 's worth ... ... .
tr	11	Glancing up at Maggie she could see she was absorbed with her own thoughts .
tr	8	There simply was too much at risk to even chance anything else being removed .
tr	10	He hollered again signaling me to come closer .
tr	7	A few hours into tomorrow and you 'll be fine . "
tr	9	The American missionaries showed me some different ways to prepare it and I like it .
tr	7	He did not show for work this morning . "
tr	8	He wanted to learn more .
tr	6	Rand heard Bron gasp beside him .
tr	7	Frank Turner 's farm was the largest cattle producer in the valley .
tr	10	' Says you 're sorry and make sure I believes you . '
tr	6	A figure appeared , skeletal , faceless , his head an opened , bloody wound .
tr	8	At the precise moment he smoothly pulled back the stick easing them into flight .
tr	7	As Samantha finished her script , the camera switched focus to Jordan .
tr	7	Anna 's eyes never left mine while she spoke .
tr	7	There was absolutely no point dwelling on past mistakes , especially not with the meeting looming .
tr	5	For a long minute he fought it .
tr	7	Neil pushed himself back and wiped his dripping mouth with one forearm .
tr	7	In the manner of some violent storms , the wind died down quickly , and the waves suddenly calmed and flattened .
tr	8	David stood up and walked over to the window overlooking the tennis court .
tr	6	The latter man 's long , dark hair ( obviously a wig ) danced around his shoulders .
tr	9	The small smile he turned on Yoshimura was pained .
tr	10	Because he 's afraid to attack ?
tr	9	It 's all just me in here fighting against my own instincts .
tr	8	" No ones going to harm you .
tr	6	Everything is spinning around so fast .
tr	7	She glared at him then , jaw clenched with anger .
tr	5	" What 's happening ? "
tr	10	Gus aimed along the sights of his pistol , forcing himself to stay calm .
tr	9	Mrs. Jones who snuck up on them asked .
tr	8	If I had any idea this would happen ... " " Quit blubbering and move along , " Raymond barked .
tr	9	We must fly level with the Earth ; the five computers aboard will do this for us .
tr	11	Why was that , do you think ? "
tr	7	She found a twisted piece of rusty , steel pipe on the sidewalk a few yards away .
tr	10	The dragon 's eye appears , floating in the center of the room .
tr	6	" From now on , only the Professor and I will ask questions . "
tr	8	When he raised his sword , it gleamed terribly , red and steel together in the firelight of the burning hut .
tr	8	Cade bowed slightly , touching his fingers to his forehead .
tr	7	She peered around the clearing with new eyes , and the faintest hints of webs glittered at her .
tr	7	I pulled hard on the rope and locked off my belaying device .
tr	8	She had disrupted my link to the planetary circuit , prematurely halting my regeneration .
tr	9	This wouldn 't do , he couldn 't allow even the smallest task to be overlooked .
tr	5	A good husband , white picket fence , a happy life , all that stuff . "
tr	10	The ancient vehicle made its way through the night and stopped a short distance from where Taylor was waiting .
tr	7	They marched me into this cell ... " " Guest Suite . "
tr	8	Neil jumped onto the sand and followed Simon towards the towering cliffs .
tr	7	Grass tickled my ankles , and I gripped his hand tighter .
tr	6	" It 's okay , Nick , " Douglas muttered , " she 's my wife . "
tr	10	She knew that the frightened animal would calm down after a little run .
tr	10	I knew we had some kind of mental connection .
tr	11	Though they 'd pay for transporting and feeding them .
tr	6	Once again , I used the rest rooms in the diner .
tr	11	While the light was dim , it was enough to illuminate the veiled blackness of the corridor .
tr	10	Trying to think about Ruth was harder than stilling the voices in her head .
tr	7	They never told me why .
tr	7	' To see whether it worked . '
tr	7	" Well , fuck that , you drunkard , " grunted Jago , sniffing at his finger .
tr	10	Tarleton waited in the centre of the entrance hall for his mother to embrace him .
tr	10	They looked well made but all it took was one well aimed strike .
tr	7	They got to their feet , and ran ahead five meters , then assumed their original firing positions .
tr	7	Anderson walked out into the hallway , but then stuck his head back in .
tr	11	They stopped as they realized that they had important guests .
tr	9	I was worried about missing our target this morning .
tr	10	He suddenly opened his eyes that had almost melted her .
tr	5	AP U.S. history , honors English , health , journalism , anatomy and physiology , orchestra , and trig .
tr	5	" No , father , I did the right thing .
tr	9	She tumbled from the saddle onto the hard , muddy road , cracking her helmet as she hit .
tr	6	He slid his passport and American Express gold card across the counter .
tr	5	With no other option , they reluctantly accepted my outlandish tales .
tr	5	She feels safe there . "
tr	11	A being capable of taking the identity of a victim - of many , many victims .
tr	6	The guards behind them all had their hands on their weapons as well .
tr	9	Zoe waited until he glanced to her .
tr	10	Raphael 's work colleagues Derek and Trevor turned up and joined them on the street .
tr	9	Especially when it comes to survival . "
tr	7	Nothing nefarious by itself , but they each wore those distinct black bowlers with the silver diamond medallion .
tr	11	I am here solely because we used to be friends . "
tr	9	Worry and concern stood out in the lines of his mouth and eyes and she want to remove that .
tr	10	Several men in the camp were attempting to fight back , but not many .
tr	10	There was something on their faces he 'd not seen before .
tr	10	Ted literally felt as though he could cut the tension with a knife .
tr	6	" How 'd you find out ? "
tr	7	Adele did not reply , but her dark blue eyes fixed upon him quizzically .
tr	7	They advertised for a governess , and she arrived on their doorstep . "
tr	5	Outside the tent , the setting sun turned the Grand Canal molten gold .
tr	8	There were also four pony traps still attached to the ponies .
tr	7	" Not likely , but you could get lucky , " she said with a wink .
tr	7	Fiona smiled at her as she passed .
tr	5	Timmons ' reaction was ridiculous but not surprising .
tr	9	" She has to know now , this has gone far enough . "
tr	7	Some in the crowd moved closer to listen .
tr	8	A boy no better than a king 's jester , prone to levity and laziness .
tr	6	The resulting blast knocked us all to the ground .
tr	8	I know you 're interested .
tr	7	Help never came and we were on our own .
tr	10	Cade forced himself to smile into her lips , if this could save Elaina ... Anything .
tr	11	" I thought that 's what we were doing . "
tr	11	You 'll be good as new in a just a few days . "
tr	9	Whenever Hailey brushed against a web the tone changed and the note was heard by the Spider .
tr	11	Ground acknowledged and the thrusters were activated on time to push the shuttle 's nose down for reentry .
tr	10	I asked offhandedly as we passed through yet another hallway .
tr	8	I can 't say I blame him .
tr	8	Tork 's face changed from unwavering conviction to slight shock .
tr	8	But what 's worse are traitors like you and especially our recently departed king .
tr	7	We headed back along the passage and paused at the intersection with the glass hall .
tr	10	The bookcases loomed overhead , but our eyes were drawn to the man resting in the sunlight .
tr	8	He coughed to regain his voice .
tr	11	He was supposed to get mad , not get turned on .
tr	6	Was mine again , and I moved a little .
tr	6	" Three years ago , sir , " " Three years ago ? "
tr	5	And skill , or luck , didn 't really matter .
tr	5	" So this is the hybrid .
tr	10	Finally have a war that came to America .
tr	7	Just a kind man with probably a simple life , maybe some grandchildren an hour away .
tr	10	The next day , I was downing my fifth cup of coffee when someone knocked on the door .
tr	9	But it is not gout that has made these .
tr	6	Twenty minutes later , we had barely moved two blocks .
tr	5	The other cub followed closely .
tr	7	" I didn 't see anyone running !
tr	10	" I will tell you when I will get there . "
tr	9	As if on cue , a man dressed in black burst from concealment and raced off .
tr	11	Let him think she was pissed .
tr	6	Laughing and cheering and candid expressions of love and appreciation accompanied the tales .
tr	7	And , the effect was , we didn 't do nothing sweetness with the implants , silly girl .
tr	6	" Aye , mates , to our left is the camping area .
tr	10	I am a land owner , married to the most beautiful woman in the world .
tr	7	I was short tempered , I became angry at the servants , I felt uneasy about my actions .
tr	9	What he saw was of over 30 men running towards them firing their weapons .
tr	5	I still hate him though .
tr	8	We 're just hungry and -- " " You can 't let ' em go , Mom , " John said .
tr	8	" I need to work and it 'll be easier in suburbia . "
tr	7	And the sounds were not all those of human feet .
tr	8	Oh , but I had lots to say .
tr	10	Are we ready to go ? "
tr	9	Nolte had a tower , but he thought it was a square one .
tr	7	A dagger lay near one outstretched hand , and he grasped his short sword in his other hand .
tr	5	" Whole things a bollocks , really .
tr	10	We 'll find you somewhere to freshen up .
tr	9	" Young man , after all these years I am questioning many decisions that I have made . "
tr	10	He stood ramrod straight , watching his wife blubber on , yet offering no condolences of his own .
tr	6	Gabe calls out to her .
tr	11	His name is Andrew Collins and I think I 'll ask him to the dance .
tr	5	" Oh , by the way , is this your armor ? "
tr	10	That we are short of power ? "
tr	8	Either way , it was better than being mowed over by that monster .
tr	10	She knew Mum and Spartan were looking for me .
tr	6	" No , it was perfect , " insisted Sophia , " I was inside of it .
tr	10	They would never believe I am a farmer or shepherd , but perhaps the son of a minor lord ?
tr	8	He was besides himself by the simplicity and beauty of the answer .
tr	8	Meanwhile , Dagger and Warrior proceed to the surface of Calliope .
tr	8	The higher I got , the more the stars shined in multiple radiant colors .
tr	10	He 's too careful and doesn 't fight unless he has a distinct advantage . "
tr	7	They are drawing on my magic .
tr	7	" I , er , look , let me give you my email address .
tr	8	It looked natural and was a job well done .
tr	11	" I 've shown you what you wanted to see . "
tr	9	said Beau with more emotion than Anderson had ever seen .
tr	10	" See those are the pics I just took ... ... . .
tr	5	" Yeah , well , parents aren 't guaranteed . "
tr	10	No one would ever know where the sniper 's bullet had come from .
tr	7	I put my jacket on and grabbed the key off the hook by the front door .
tr	8	" What is the purpose of your stay , " asked a young uniformed officer abruptly with a heavy accent .
tr	6	After all the planning , the maneuvering , the bold alliances , the narrow escapes , he had failed !
tr	5	" Alpha and Bravo Companies , move out .
tr	7	Atticus pressed his hand on the door and paused with a slow exhale .
tr	9	I 'm sorry I kissed you .
tr	9	That did not save the dog from the terribly starved monster 's maw .
tr	6	With that final screech , she raised her brother 's head high in the air .
tr	10	Then resting the guitar on his knee he plucked each string and adjusted the tuning .
tr	6	A ridge to the north barred them from that direction .
tr	8	That would have been easier , but no one would follow me in that .
tr	10	He had seen it written so many times in his head .
tr	9	This is what needs protecting .
tr	8	No time to be neat -- MOVE ! "
tr	8	It was somewhat overrun with weeds , and the flowers and plants needed tending , but it was beautiful .
tr	8	Conway smiled at the comedy of such terms for such deadly weapons .
tr	10	I knew I could count on you . "
tr	7	' We found a pass for the lift , ' said Anatole with a grin .
tr	9	006 must have left a connection in place somehow .
tr	6	Adele closed her eyes and leaned her head back .
tr	9	You had me going for a sec , " Kendall said .
tr	11	Victoria broke in , " We just can 't let Alfred near Toby .
tr	8	" Seen anyone else here you know ? "
tr	7	Just thinking about another twelve hours wedged between him and Mr Grumpy made her shiver , despite the heat .
tr	9	They were hanging on for dear life in those open vehicle beds .
tr	10	John backed up and drove back onto the road dodging the pair of unlikely companions .
tr	8	You take care of the building tonight and the guy above you can take out the trucks .
tr	5	" And desert my mother and sister ? "
tr	8	He had left the pin in the grenade .
tr	11	He was informed that the generals travelling on the flight to Germany had requested an earlier departure .
tr	11	He was reminded of a pack of coyotes trailing a hunting tiger .
tr	8	But if this was her home , he had fatherly duties to do .
tr	9	Well , I 'm certain that can 't last . "
tr	6	Faint slivers of silver light spiked through the room , stealing in through the slats of the window shutters .
tr	8	" It must be some sort of Palace entertainment .
tr	6	" Easy killer , me and the little one here were just becoming friends .
tr	5	Chapter 29 For a moment , everything stopped , and my heart clenched .
tr	7	The man took the passport without smiling and started punching keys on a computer keyboard .
tr	7	I crossed to her desk , took the receiver from her hand and set it down .
tr	6	The boy was so much older than his eleven years .
tr	11	He wanted to get some more work done at the site .
tr	9	He let out a terrifying roar and began to run around the arena .
tr	7	For me to end here ? "
tr	10	Candlelight welcomes them with its glorious radiance that filled up the entrance hall .
tr	7	Eventually , the torment loosens its grip on Gabe 's mind .
tr	10	I think Nate would be it before Taylor . "
tr	10	He poured water into a small coffee maker then stood staring it .
tr	11	" Maybe it 's time to let go of the past .
tr	10	Crabtree turned to face him , " Thar ye be !
tr	8	" Even if we maintain control by lying and destroying lives ? "
tr	7	" No , Hébert , " Quack quietly considered the skinny specimen , " it 's not his fault .
tr	9	With shaking hands she pulled out her phone to check the time .
tr	7	They 're about our age , " Alex suggested .
tr	10	" I am not sure I follow you , " Taylor felt like a fish out of water .
tr	7	I also spoke to my brother about the Gift Aid idea I mentioned in my last update .
tr	11	Who wants to be scared awake ?
tr	11	" Mac , how did something that big get down here ? "
tr	7	I turned and stared at the tower behind me .
tr	10	Let us agree to a civilized contest , shall we ? "
tr	7	He steps up , reaches down and roughly pulls the murderous young woman up by her arms .
tr	11	So , when they recruited your father , they decided to keep him a secret within the MI6 .
tr	10	I wasn 't too delicate for that , was I ? "
tr	6	Except it didn 't feel like Malcolm .
tr	10	After 20 minutes , Whisper decided to go and investigate the other two accommodations of interest .
tr	5	For a moment , it was over .
tr	7	I blinked fresh blood out of my eyes and twisted on my knees .
tr	10	Losing his target was a rookie mistake , one that could jeopardize the entire operation .
tr	7	It was all part of the act .
tr	10	The elevation rose thousands of feet and he exerted himself to return before nightfall .
tr	8	They talked in sign language as they watched a hawk circle overhead .
tr	6	" Here , " she said , " someone 's had all the rum truffles . "
tr	8	Their captain decided this was only fair .
tr	11	The rest would be out of bounds for the visiting VIPs , with the other hangar doors closed .
tr	11	He knew he needed to tell these men more .
tr	10	He noticed Josie had moved to the front seat , beside Mark .
tr	9	His pearly teeth shone against his tan as he grinned at them in the rearview mirror .
tr	10	" Which means it must have been bad !
tr	10	' Good to know we 've got some ammo , ' Raphael said .
tr	10	" It just seems wrong to be eating sea turtle .
tr	7	He set Alpha Company 's network to half volume and overlaid it with the battalion net .
tr	6	I always rose clean , refreshed and ready for more .
tr	6	" Looks like Benjamin is back .
tr	11	Right on his heels followed the guard sent to retrieve him .
tr	6	In time he scrubbed all the dirt from his skin .
tr	8	" I 've been expecting you , " he sneered .
tr	6	His back ripped open from the lashes .
tr	7	" I 'm called Riki , " the girl announced .
tr	9	They weren 't moving very fast , but fast enough to be really scary .
tr	11	Some walks you have to take alone .
tr	9	To hell with resisting him !
tr	7	" We 've nothing really to do .
tr	7	' Carey , please , yes , you 're right ; it 's not a coincidence , I 'm afraid .
tr	8	' Dad ' literally shone with happiness at the news of these gifts .
tr	7	Sixty Meter Observatory Mauna Kea , Hawaii March 15th , 2027 " How much do you have ? "
tr	9	She locked her gaze onto mine .
tr	6	" No , no , no , mademoiselle , " he berated her .
tr	7	He eyed her with something she could almost call appreciation .
tr	7	I turned and looked out of the rear window .
tr	6	Yes , did we really tar and feather people in the old days ?
tr	8	" More than that , Master , " replied Bron .
tr	5	Only a few feet separated her and the old man .
tr	8	I 'm not here to stop anything .
tr	8	The man to her left gave her a quizzical glance then looked at the animals .
tr	8	Kurt suddenly took off toward a bank of public computer terminals .
tr	9	The remaining antagonist has grown significantly more cautious , strutting toward Rift with curious mannerisms .
tr	9	Just have a lot on my mind , " he admits .
tr	6	Another look at Hunt earned him a big grin .
tr	9	We 'll focus on core skills and let the units finish the rest .
tr	7	And then there was Aimee and me , the lowly informants .
tr	9	The refrigerator was stocked with everything but alcohol .
tr	11	He was prepared to stay there until night fell .
tr	6	I get out and shade my eyes .
tr	8	Neil tried not to show his dismay .
tr	6	" I was in a fight today , well actually three fights . "
tr	9	I 've been in France and Switzerland for months now .
tr	5	June 8 In a few hours , we see the witch .
tr	8	" At least , he took over when the Company changed hands recently . "
tr	6	" The lower left window on the big shed . "
tr	9	The years had bought experience and a widening out of his character .
tr	9	They stopped at a place on the bank of the river and went for a swim .
tr	5	In my mind , I gave the portrait flesh and blood .
tr	8	We are joining the others at central control , " the Captain opened his door and climbed inside the hover car .
tr	8	Where did you learn to cook ?
tr	7	After about 30 minutes , he comes out of the truck and gives me the long face .
tr	8	Which , um , which one did you fancy doing , Sky ? "
tr	6	" We didn 't know ; the fissure was too immense .
tr	6	Stresses of my life came back to me in a tiresome , grasping surge .
tr	6	The main entrance to the building featured an enormous yellow and red sign , " California Gold Rush Museum . "
tr	5	But what good would that do .
tr	6	" Yes , Bhai , " all of them shouted back in one voice .
tr	8	She asked , instead of answering him .
tr	8	" Here , " he tossed her a large piece of chalk .
tr	9	He had been in a deep and peaceful sleep , his first in several nights .
tr	7	Chapter 1 Ear buds stuffed in , I cranked the volume on my iPod and clicked my exercise shuffle .
tr	10	" You don 't know what you 're dealing with . "
tr	5	I kneeled and peered out the opening .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	5	That morning , though , the empty bed wasn 't an accusation .
tr	7	" And this is my warning to you .
tr	10	Mana was waiting with the basket , a neatly folded rug and her umbrella .
tr	10	Claire stood leaning on the rail , taking in the beauty beneath her .
tr	5	" Good morning , Mrs. Carlson , " Anne returned her warm greeting .
tr	8	The water came off his head in rings of spray .
tr	6	Looking about , I lost myself in the buildings for a moment .
tr	8	Then I proceeded to untwist it .
tr	11	She hesitates but there is no time for neurosis and she quickly activates the device .
tr	9	The pillars may not work on you , Cade , but they work on her . "
tr	5	" On his back , but he grabs your arm . "
tr	10	Let 's sit over here and -- " There was a loud scream from the direction of the house .
tr	11	' I ended it , ' she said focusing on what mattered now .
tr	10	" I think you 're older than me . "
tr	9	" This frequency , you don 't understand how it works , but we know it works .
tr	6	Steam rapidly fogged up the glass wall before me .
tr	6	A large , rolling green lawn and imitation gas lamps lining the driveway gave the home a storybook quality .
tr	10	He needed to go after the Hilda 's trail .
tr	9	Simon shook me awake , and I blinked up at him through the darkness of the dormitory .
tr	11	But we 've got to stop people from just ... shrugging !
tr	6	His good , kind heart draws people closer .
tr	5	For now , it is this organization . "
tr	7	Neil disengaged his hand from her grip and put his arm around her .
tr	8	They had never been a threat to her before .
tr	7	The river at this point was wide , deep and gently flowing .
tr	7	" Rain makes Ireland emerald .
tr	11	He smiled at how sated she sounded .
tr	5	SBA loans , small business debit , corporate fulfillment , credit card processing ? "
tr	6	In its place stood a two-story Mediterranean-style mansion , with cream walls and a dark red roof .
tr	8	Almost tipping the boat in her haste , she gave a sob of relief as her feet touched solid ground .
tr	6	' I 'm in , ' I said steadily .
tr	10	" Won 't they just be able to do more damage there ?
tr	5	William , Ben , Toby and both HS units . "
tr	9	" So what are you going to do ? "
tr	10	They snarled and started to move towards us .
tr	7	' It is five past ... but - ' ' I know , ' said Spike .
tr	7	She held out the robe for him .
tr	9	" I will if you don 't tell me everything .
tr	7	Meyer rose to his feet stiffly and pushed the chair under the table .
tr	10	I think it 's good for you .
tr	6	" No , calm down , it is fine .
tr	7	Acting on a sudden urge , he grabbed Angelique 's hand and sprinted towards the running feet .
tr	5	" Warning , Golf Tango Two Five ! "
tr	6	" No , your Majesty , I have not yet had the pleasure . "
tr	8	Maybe you get fight in Hawaii or San Francisco , but not close to Japan . "
tr	11	The shuttle had smashed into the side of one of the hills .
tr	6	" All the rest have died , " Toby said flatly .
tr	9	The fact that Frey assigned him the Twelfth Ward only partially explained his pains .
tr	8	He stilled , but his grip on his sword was as firm as ever .
tr	9	You have murdered almost all our people and now you want to murder me .
tr	8	" Look , it really is the truth , miss -- what is your name , anyway ? "
tr	9	It 's going to be useless . "
tr	8	I said harshly , lifting a sterile needle and syringe out of a plastic wrapper .
tr	8	The old man looked forward to the boy 's visits more than he had realized .
tr	11	We can do the same when we go into combat but I think we have a problem .
tr	6	When it finished , the creature roared out its anger and despair .
tr	9	Was like I had schizophrenia , and the disease was putting imaginary things in front .
tr	8	It did nothing to help his heart .
tr	7	and with that last words he pushed it into high gear and something in him recognized .
tr	10	Unsure of how to reply , Zoe said nothing .
tr	10	Parnell leaned forward , his right hand touching the frame of his glasses .
tr	9	I crawled through last night when I was planning your rescue .
tr	7	Derrick and I go back to our tent and fall asleep about five minutes later .
tr	10	He stood affixed to the ground as if his feet were embedded in granite .
tr	6	He pushed the signed contract and bank draft across the conference room table .
tr	5	" Who is Lady Eda ? "
tr	9	The bartender set a cup and saucer down in front of the cop and poured him some coffee .
tr	6	In an instant her serious frown line relaxed , the chewing started again , and her eyes twinkled .
tr	7	Gabe 's energy is bright as a star .
tr	7	She tapped an inch of grey ash into a cut glass ashtray .
tr	11	I was dimly surprised at the steadiness of my own fingers when I crouched and lifted the canister from the ground .
tr	8	so let 's get on with it .
tr	6	" It 's all right , Eden , " Amory cleared his throat and took over the conversation .
tr	11	Mana called , and they headed back with their prizes to where a picnic was laid out .
tr	7	screeched Anna , holding her hand up in the classic ' Stop ' pose .
tr	8	" Your turn , " Gabe says indicating the bathroom with his head .
tr	10	No matter what it took to gain it .
tr	9	Time was up for any kind of decision ; they were coming back here .
tr	11	' I just have a feeling that he may be the most productive .
tr	10	" You still hold to the choice you made earlier ? "
tr	7	In hindsight , it had been a pretty obvious trap .
tr	6	" Together , " she said , the word a promise , and kissed him again .
tr	7	Have them carry Mana downstairs .
tr	9	" This is different ; Lady Adele will be his bride , this thing touches his pride and honour . "
tr	9	She pressed him back and blew on the spoonful to cool it .
tr	8	He too dropped his empty machine gun as he lunged forward .
tr	5	In one suave lift , my shirt was off .
tr	6	Above them , far above , the man in black moved up and up and up .
tr	10	Suddenly , the scene shifted ... she saw herself dressed in all white .
tr	10	Scott said then crept backwards a safe distance before he got to his feet .
tr	7	The day had come to an end .
tr	9	" I don 't know , " she said as she turned the key to the accessory position .
tr	6	" It 's not exactly good , " she said , " but it 's a normal thing .
tr	5	Baldwin , Cradock , and Joy , London , 1824 .
tr	11	Let the water run over your body then scrub with the stone . "
tr	10	I have learned that there has been a military coup .
tr	5	" Nope , not till about seventeen weeks the doctor said .
tr	9	Lived to tell of them .
tr	6	" Yes , it 's just a silly game , " said Natalie with a laugh .
tr	9	He had managed to keep up his flying though .
tr	10	He then called to Dr. Stadler to begin suctioning the open areas .
tr	9	" And this is just to help you with your studies ? "
tr	7	I am heir only to death .
tr	6	" Lead on , " Neil answered with enthusiasm .
tr	6	A wave of ice engulfed her .
tr	6	Better to chain lightning than put shackles on a Creator .
tr	10	" Well , I guess I 'm not as reckless as you are . "
tr	10	I didn 't have any idea what to do .
tr	6	Even without their psychic abilities , just the training alone is worth so much to our government .
tr	6	The Larsen B ice shelf soared above the deck thirty metres into the cobalt sky .
tr	10	I have to go to sleep .
tr	9	They heard footsteps on the road and the silhouette of two guards appeared at the top of the bank above them .
tr	8	" My father has succumbed to illness and has departed from this world .
tr	8	" Does he know how much you love him ? "
tr	9	" I keep my word , " Nathan said , looking Harold in his eyes .
tr	6	" Come here and turn out your lights ! "
tr	7	In fact , there are only four rooms within the building .
tr	8	But the young thief hadn 't reckoned on his two victims being such fast runners .
tr	10	Sofia protest , doesn 't have the chance to keep her silent fury .
tr	10	None of them died very nicely , if you know what I mean . "
tr	6	Instantly , the doors sprung open .
tr	6	He was no longer in the black suit .
tr	7	Silence gripped the crowds as the last clue landed .
tr	9	It seemed as though he could move forever .
tr	9	She pulled the axe free and turned back to Mark wrestling with the dragon .
tr	10	It was made by my tomahawk when I was but a small boy .
tr	10	Mai assures , not wanting him to lose his nerve .
tr	7	They put everything back and closed the trunk 's lid .
tr	8	The massive white head faced away from her , as if ignoring her scrutiny .
tr	6	But he let go and pulled away .
tr	10	Guiding Light : Distant Dreams and Simple Shadows Hyrule field glows with an aura of possibility in the midmorning sun .
tr	8	" So you go ahead and run around the world with your tanks .
tr	7	She struggled to speak ... . "
tr	11	Is it not your impression that they speak English ? "
tr	6	Our hottest property by far , it is my personal favorite -- in fact I practically live next door .
tr	9	They had to withstand all the elements and pressures atmospheric and space travel would load on them .
tr	7	Missy pulled his head up and straightened around in the saddle .
tr	10	I need you to tell me where she is . "
tr	11	Josh wasn 't about to come to Picton with her or travel around the South Island .
tr	6	Turning the last corner , I emerged into the kitchens .
tr	10	VIN never asked Suzi how she lost her legs , but one night she told him .
tr	7	She sighed and wiped her floury hands and forearms on her apron .
tr	11	She intended to heat up water today so John could have a nice long soak in the tub .
tr	10	I remained somewhat in touch with the outside world through radio and listened as conditions grew grimmer by the day .
tr	8	Guilt at her previously unfounded views of the girl flushed her cheeks red .
tr	8	" What about your brother , he would remember ! "
tr	10	Pity Ryan will be one of the last to actually feel space .
tr	7	He walked through Departures and took the escalator down to Arrivals .
tr	8	he gave her shoulders a shake , stared into her face , waiting .
tr	10	" T can probably zap her memory out of her for you , " Jessica joked .
tr	9	Magic never failed to frighten him ; it seemed so out of the norm .
tr	8	Why were you on my ship in the first place ? "
tr	10	No one seemed to be home , but I really wanted to check Aimee 's room again .
tr	8	His thoughts came back to the river in front .
tr	8	Wounded Eagle and Wolf Eyes spoke little ; their minds now on one purpose only .
tr	5	On his belt he wore a large black plastic box .
tr	6	Every day , the water is a beautiful blue , the sands are crystal white , and the breezes blow warm .
tr	8	He paused , confusion spreading across his face .
tr	7	" But why does he need our address in the first place ? "
tr	10	" I can see how it may appear that way . "
tr	10	I kept trying to break loose .
tr	9	Arms shaking , so weak , as I lower myself from the branches .
tr	6	Suddenly the significance of her remark dawned upon him .
tr	10	" You 're very lucky that the healers agree with you .
tr	7	" On my blood , I am your man from now to Evermore .
tr	6	" Maya , you can control it .
tr	6	" Okay , sounds like a plan , " Melody replied .
tr	10	The smell now from the Longhouse was overpowering so they pulled their bandanas up over their mouths and noses .
tr	10	She loved it because she could focus on the important things .
tr	10	" Dane mentioned it when we were looking at the crackers .
tr	11	Harry adjusted his grip on the case which caught Scott 's attention .
tr	9	Since there was plenty of time , he could lend her some of it .
tr	10	The dark-haired man pulled out his smart phone and raised an eyebrow at Kim as he nodded to the projector .
tr	9	Jack had briefed the president on the admiral 's background during the flight down from Washington .
tr	9	Major Susan Rivera slipped down into her chair as the pistol fell from her hand .
tr	8	He 'd seen his fair share of death ... . .
tr	9	My colleague asked , with a slight scare in her voice , a fear that she installed in me .
tr	9	We will continue on this path a few minutes , then turn right and take the next higher series of ledges .
tr	6	" Oh man , you are an angel sister , a real angel . "
tr	11	I don 't usually buy anything but if I found something I liked , I 'd take it .
tr	6	That sounds like a great plan . "
tr	8	I had better get my wits about me ; today will certainly be a long day . "
tr	5	Lilly Ann 's answer was just as prompt and direct .
tr	10	It should help to keep the planet 's economies from self-destructing . "
tr	8	I saw some young man stagger across the road clutching a vodka bottle .
tr	11	" Thank you " replied Simon now wanting to be on the first flight back .
tr	6	By now the Doctor was standing and shouting , ' You , me .
tr	8	I felt my face heavy from so much crying , and my back was hurting .
tr	8	By dismissing it as nothing , he 'd already blown it once .
tr	6	" Izzy , you see my fuckin ' rifle ? "
tr	11	" We need to be as quiet as possible , " she said .
tr	6	When Judgment Day came they wanted eternal salvation as a reward for their earthly toil and trouble .
tr	6	" Hey , I 'm not that old sister , at least not physically .
tr	10	She was pleased by the outcome of the Snake battle that day .
tr	9	They would ride where he rode and fight where he fought .
tr	6	Seeing and hearing you will boost their morale a great deal .
tr	7	He leaned forward and poked a finger at the table .
tr	8	I could also watch a movie , play games , write in my journal , or use the laptop .
tr	7	Monti gathers up a few things , and we start the drive back to Darwin .
tr	7	And within a few seconds the boys were gone like the wind .
tr	7	' Who do we know in town ? '
tr	8	Whirling about , I saw three men shaking their fists , almost comically , as we made our getaway .
tr	7	" So , what do you think ?
tr	7	The sun is now cresting the eastern peaks and the end of my quest is near .
tr	7	Neil couldn 't help it ; he grinned back .
tr	10	Dad sat at the kitchen table buried in the newspaper as usual .
tr	11	We can 't afford to build any more ships in orbit .
tr	7	Look , we 're having chicken again .
tr	10	Tell me this isn 't what you want . "
tr	10	" Every time you act without thinking and then we have to run for our necks .
tr	11	Rachel scoffed at Rick 's inability to show up on time .
tr	11	This time VIN noted that department heads from many of the hangars were included .
tr	11	I ducked and rolled : blades slashed across the space where my head had been a heartbeat earlier .
tr	5	We had nothing , until ... . "
tr	8	The gloominess was frightening , closing over them with disorientating thickness .
tr	9	He pulled a cell phone out of his jean pocket and punched in the number for Manuel , holding his breath .
tr	6	They slept in the pouring rain , in the thunder and lightning .
tr	11	Clancy awoke but stayed seated , adjusting himself against the hard rock .
tr	8	A cacophony of horns blasted from the matchbox cars snaking along below .
tr	11	He turned to face the guards standing in the hall watching them .
tr	7	He also caught a glimpse of Arthur Cobb .
tr	6	Certainly his handsome face aided the favourable impression ; but in this case , beauty told no falsehood .
tr	9	" These are good people , " he said , forsaking his pride and speaking from his heart .
tr	10	I bear witness that Muhammad is the Messenger of God .
tr	6	" My village had a real path , but our neighboring village only had a trail . "
tr	6	' It 's a high security composite safe . '
tr	9	We wish to help you in your war effort .
tr	11	Then the wound was treated by pouring in some slightly cooled bear oil .
tr	6	Echo 's mom hugged her and whispered , " It 's not your fault . "
tr	6	After a while I pull my legs to my chest and rock slowly back and forth .
tr	9	But then the time came , and routine was simply too powerful to overcome .
tr	6	" That is a birth cry , " said Waving Willow .
tr	9	I lay them aside , careful to avoid the black carpet stain .
tr	8	Don 't let her fool you though she 's a tough old broad . "
tr	6	Her eyes were watery and a few tears ran down her cheek .
tr	10	They came to the place where the truck had turned east to the bridge .
tr	9	I 'm glad you like it .
tr	9	There are always fewer male students , and then , of course , that scar would distinguish him anywhere .
tr	10	He tried to ignore the inconceivable chaos around him .
tr	10	It hums along the spongy corridors of my brain , each note jumping from one stalled synapse to the next .
tr	10	Abby decreed as she slowly unwrapped the bandage on Rick 's shoulder .
tr	7	Or whatever I am now .
tr	8	End of one story , beginning of the next one . "
tr	10	It 's what I 've been telling you .
tr	8	Eventually a light came on in the hall and the door was opened by a schoolgirl .
tr	6	Miriam waited , but there was no further conversation .
tr	7	I digested this information with a sinking feeling .
tr	7	Scott looked up at the sheer cliffs and then looked south .
tr	11	I cranked the starter one cylinder hit then another and we started limping along making maybe six knots .
tr	6	If he doesn 't , well , I had one hell of a good time anyway , so there .
tr	11	Turning to his right , he saw on the sand beside him was a pair of filthy bare feet .
tr	9	They would easily sacrifice their own lives to prevent your escape .
tr	9	I was hit by a surprising surge of concern .
tr	9	" What do you need me to do , sir ? "
tr	10	He could hear the sound of horses , not only behind him , but also hemming him in on each side .
tr	6	Every day you do well , you 'll get ten rupees .
tr	7	To my way of thinking , that is only the beginning of a longer race .
tr	9	Maybe I 'm supposed to shout it .
tr	6	What 's with the chess game ?
tr	6	With a hateful , angry tone , she yelled , " I will not change ! "
tr	9	I darted across the room , deadly shards erupting around me .
tr	6	Petrov , Cyril , Jason , Deke , Anca , and Bao all stand against the walls .
tr	7	It looks like a man , but the lines of his body are wavering .
tr	6	My dad leaned forward , his elbows on his knees and his hands clasped together .
tr	11	Is that what he is going to do ?
tr	5	" Please , " he added , even more pitifully , and I laughed .
tr	9	Malcolm played with the cap of his water bottle and studied a pile of dirt .
tr	6	" Tango Lima ; roger , rotation effective , half meter , over . "
tr	5	" Stay calm , " Mark said .
tr	5	Chapter 26 " Yea , a big loose thread , " I said .
tr	9	I needed to stop talking .
tr	10	He did not relish the thought of a preachy little dervish in his home .
tr	8	Like shooting fish in a barrel , he thought to himself .
tr	10	He is reportedly worth an incredible two hundred billion dollars -- definitely one of the world 's richest men . "
tr	10	Adele smiled , breaking another piece of rye bread and crumbling it on to the floor .
tr	8	Other women who are good Muslims ?
tr	9	The winter will hide us in the Mountains of the Guard . "
tr	8	I couldn 't feel the stares of my daughters .
tr	10	Taylor and Lilly Ann were guided to the head of the longest table Taylor had ever seen .
tr	9	You know , the one in the mountains , where -- " " Yes , the tunnel ! "
tr	11	Connor quickly climbed on the door of one of the women 's stalls .
tr	6	After a moment , she picked up the pear and bit into it .
tr	11	Together they were able to cut her free and get her safely to the ground .
tr	6	" What do you do here , sir ? "
tr	6	Just slit the window so no one 'll see us . "
tr	6	By the time he was half way down the stairs , his servant handed him his coat and boots .
tr	5	This time , I raised my cup and toasted , ' To yesterday . '
tr	11	They seemed huge as they walked past , overshadowing everything else .
tr	10	" Do you know how I know ? "
tr	10	I am sure there has been some misunderstanding .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	10	He knew what she was , and he knew that she couldn 't deny it .
tr	8	Chase turned to face the princess .
tr	8	" Let 's look in the house first , son , " he said .
tr	8	Oh , and I was thinking .
tr	9	The door opened and an old Japanese man stoically motioned for Connor to get in .
tr	8	He tried to keep calm .
tr	6	" Very well then , " Adam said , " Any last words ? "
tr	6	" Simon , your Papa ' loves you and your Mamma more than anything else .
tr	8	You can stop with the slap and smacks ! "
tr	8	Loot said , " I don 't feel my spirit .
tr	10	It 's a mental exercise to help sort one 's thoughts .
tr	9	" How do you know God told them . "
tr	7	Coming to a sudden decision , Claire stood up and dropped her napkin on the table .
tr	7	Punching through another bobbing skull , Rift searches the horizon and spots a lighted house a brief jog away .
tr	7	I was gone for three weeks .
tr	7	Make one trip up and down and then back to me , do you understand ? "
tr	7	" I don 't like it too sharp !
tr	8	His jaw dropped so fast he came up sputtering sea water .
tr	10	Alejo leaned back into the bench , seemingly content just taking in the shades of changing autumn leaves .
tr	7	Rob glanced at Dave and raised an eyebrow .
tr	8	The plan was easy if not foolproof .
tr	6	A bit of rope , frayed but still useful , sat in the refuse beside her discarded green skirt .
tr	6	" You 're doomed , Anna , " said Soul in a cool voice .
tr	11	Rafe noted that Adele 's voice was roughened slightly and he heard Eda moan softly .
tr	8	He put it down to pure luck and being in the right place at the right time .
tr	5	" Well , you know , it wasn 't that big a deal .
tr	11	He touched Taylor 's shoulder to let him know that he was ready .
tr	6	We 'd dreamed so much together .
tr	6	" But ... " " Got ... that ? "
tr	7	All this chatter probably gets on your nerves , huh ? "
tr	8	Making sure the man fully understood what I was saying .
tr	7	" How will we go on with him in this condition ? "
tr	9	" Exactly , " said Anderson , " we have troops away from their families .
tr	10	Do you know what that is ? '
tr	8	You have one minute to power down your engines , " Beverly states happily .
tr	7	" If I knew that I wouldn 't be guessing . "
tr	6	Surely , none of this was an accident .
tr	9	All these years I promised I 'd never do it .
tr	9	It looked like he would read thoughts .
tr	9	I must admit that she is perfectly polite . "
tr	10	Helen took a deep breath , trying to control her racing pulse .
tr	9	Only those with a great need could be heard by us so clearly and so I moved myself from my environment .
tr	5	It 's the typical father-daughter trope .
tr	8	Glittering fragments crunched under my feet when I entered the first chamber .
tr	7	The weather was biting cold and the wind had picked up .
tr	10	She had been awake and tense , but not so tense as the man protecting them .
tr	9	You had better have a good excuse for this , boy !
tr	6	Instead , she turned , forced a small smile and gingerly took the picture back .
tr	11	" Is that man assigned to follow you ? "
tr	10	" You 'll be lucky if all I do IS gut you ! "
tr	11	And I remember he used to call me buddy .
tr	10	" This is neither the time nor place for you to act like spoiled children . "
tr	10	It did look like they were building a new one .
tr	10	It 's not going to help restart your General Store .
tr	8	Her spittle went all over Bennett 's face .
tr	11	He could only pray that it wouldn 't come to that .
tr	7	They 're leaving , tonight , after we destroy Trig , right now , " I grin with confidence .
tr	5	I trust them both implicitly . "
tr	7	Rick raised his eyebrows , " Oh ?
tr	11	I think I have just the right place for Hailey to move her family . "
tr	5	" Her , " said the Queen , her eyes narrowing .
tr	10	I 've been friends with the family for decades .
tr	8	And now , in the immediate future , what are we supposed to do ? "
tr	8	" Our duty is to serve , my Empress , " the muffled dull voice of the operator intones .
tr	10	" Do you wish to fight ? "
tr	10	Charming insisted it go wherever she did .
tr	8	We need to focus , " said William .
tr	7	* * * Everyone knew that night 's Water Rats gig would be Little Spirit 's last bar show .
tr	7	" Make ready the canons and load the aft guns with bar and chain ! "
tr	9	Now he was starting to build a new bow .
tr	7	A man , clearly out of control , grabbed him by the shirt and yanked him to the ground .
tr	6	" Yeah , Tori , " Tori said and sat on her bed .
tr	9	" Do you think you can handle a single sub ?
tr	9	Did you have plans ? "
tr	9	" He spent most of his time writing a poem . "
tr	11	The young man nodded and went off to fetch the other members of the group .
tr	9	Turning to Chris , he paused a moment to catch his eye .
tr	8	He still had his club , and I grabbed it and threw him to the ground .
tr	6	" Get Logan , " I ordered , already moving .
tr	7	When I reached the top again I peeked through the glass window and saw no one .
tr	7	Whoever heard of such nonsense ? "
tr	10	As they passed the tattoo parlor , Chris stopped to look in the window and smiled .
tr	9	It was late afternoon when they approached the village .
tr	11	It seems he may have taken over this town . "
tr	5	Then around fourth grade , I picked up a chapter book .
tr	9	She gave him a kiss before whispering in his ear .
tr	6	Shooting a nice buck or doe , " Lonnie surmised .
tr	8	They all understand democracy and how a representative government works .
tr	9	Teams of other men came to quickly roll them away , and then the ship began to scream .
tr	11	" I have another concern - where is the end of the building ?
tr	10	The heroes of Hyrule blink out of sight as the reaver is left in the deadly darkness .
tr	7	" Sedona isn 't near the border , and we don 't have uniforms . "
tr	7	' That 's from last week , ' I said stiffly .
tr	6	" Rosie , are you in the family way ? "
tr	6	And under that , a linen bodice , thank you very much !
tr	6	" The most difficult thing I 've ever done , and yet , somehow the easiest . "
tr	7	She 's the niece of an ambassador . "
tr	7	" So when we retreat we don 't get all shot to shit . "
tr	8	Kurt made his way across , ignoring the family portrait on the nightstand , focusing on the shower .
tr	5	" Me either , " the others agreed .
tr	7	And the great Cathedral of Saint Peter and Saint Paul was only a few hundred metres up the road .
tr	11	I am no wizard , but neither do I pick plant roots just to cook with .
tr	9	Large cobblestones , fitted with grooves to lessen erosion , lined the way .
tr	5	" Oh , but I can 't , " the girl leaned forward .
tr	7	Logan was a Viscount and I a commoner , only his friend .
tr	7	As they died down , Bax tied his bandana over his nose and mouth and stepped into the room .
tr	5	His body stiffened and his breathing stopped .
tr	9	She had never felt that sense of belonging .
tr	10	The principle walked behind the big jar full of pieces of paper .
tr	10	He hadn 't been deposited into a tank of hungry alligators .
tr	7	" Jason , she will not be alone , " Warrior replies over the speakers .
tr	8	He was even paler than before and her parents looked worried .
tr	5	She indicated the dark overhead light fixtures .
tr	7	Who in their right mind comes up with the prices the entertainment industry demands ?
tr	8	As he made his way down the hall , he saw a woman standing near the front door .
tr	11	She heard it pick up just before the receiver went down .
tr	11	Snow lay heavy on the higher ground and it was colder than it had been for years .
tr	6	He didn 't look up .
tr	7	If you encounter any problems , bring them to my attention immediately .
tr	7	They went up some stairs , rode in a lift , and did some more walking .
tr	6	" You have little choice , " replied Rand .
tr	9	Oh God , I forgot how to do math !
tr	5	" Julie , you 're my best friend , right ? "
tr	6	Dad 's voice sounded a bit impatient .
tr	8	He grabbed the metal ring of the door and pulled .
tr	10	The whole idea was enough to make Gabriel downright delirious .
tr	6	" You can control it . "
tr	9	Let 's see if it continues down to the sea . "
tr	9	This last he said with a smile .
tr	11	Mirai interrupted , looking around as though seeking approval from an unseen presence .
tr	9	The warmth of the sunset mixed with the cool breeze felt perfect .
tr	11	What 's brought on that scowl on your face ? "
tr	6	" Here , Willie , take this hat and bring me two riding hats . "
tr	8	" Yes that 's true ; at least it has been till now . "
tr	8	Another replies as they make their escape .
tr	6	" Thank you all , gentlemen , " the Captain spoke up .
tr	5	After the date and time information , he heard , " Kurt .
tr	6	" Yeah but this little girl 's wild .
tr	8	" He always stands there and barks at the ducks , " said Tim .
tr	9	" Come on , " Gabe says as soon as I open the door .
tr	9	They reached an imaginary point high in the sky and then seemingly dissolved .
tr	5	" Crawl , " he replied , " quietly . "
tr	9	The sooner we get out of here the better .
tr	8	" Yeoman , report to the CIC and take your station for combat operations , " the captain orders .
tr	8	" Young man , I do not have time for jokes !
tr	5	" Right this way , monsieur , " their designated waiter instructed obediently .
tr	9	Don 't let him get in your head .
tr	8	There was a long pause , and Mike 's voice resumed , this time a little less steady .
tr	10	When did you say the captain was coming back ? "
tr	11	" I didn 't realize it was missing anything really until you .
tr	11	I could barely breathe anymore , but I seemed to be gaining on my enemies .
tr	10	Two of the augmented fire teams assumed an all around defense on the roof while the third prepared to enter .
tr	11	I guess I won 't be needing this any time soon . "
tr	9	" After all , you 've got connections in high places , don 't you , young muck ?
tr	11	I still think liquid hydrogen is a far better bet at least for initial acceleration .
tr	9	" Nobody thought that might be a problem ? "
tr	7	The sun was low on the horizon .
tr	10	" You like having a place to put your earrings ? "
tr	6	" Good morning class , " Ms. Hale , the Social Studies teacher entered the room .
tr	9	" He knows exactly when to expect you . "
tr	8	" Something 's really wrong with you , " Jess said , " And look !
tr	11	Matthew urged her and she started running towards him again .
tr	9	You said -- ' ' The first train doesn 't stop at Penrith . '
tr	6	" Last time the people fought , " Prof said , " the Epics slaughtered millions and the country collapsed . "
tr	5	" I 'm starving . "
tr	6	" Do you think Sidney 's around somewhere ? "
tr	8	The line of Jolie 's men stepped closer , their top hats blocking out the sun .
tr	7	Then , as if someone shot a starter pistol , they drank their shots and raced to the middle glass .
tr	10	She is such a girl ... rare you can met with .
tr	6	Rick pulled all the curious heads away from it .
tr	10	Take whatever precautions you must .
tr	5	" Or we could just leave . "
tr	11	" You going to hang out there all day , kid ? "
tr	9	Bubbles began coming to the surface , and then surrounded the hunk of metal itself .
tr	6	But the moment the words left her mouth , his hand was around her throat again , squeezing .
tr	10	Rand stepped backward in surprise , waiting for her to continue .
tr	8	* There was little point in either George or Jennie staying in London .
tr	7	" The one dressed as Santa , " said the man .
tr	5	And then , suddenly , out of nowhere , my husband is here . "
tr	8	This can 't be from just the organs , " Dr. Warner replied .
tr	7	" All very interesting questions , " broke in Joseph .
tr	9	Falling forward , he reaches out his hands , but they too push through the ground like an illusion .
tr	9	The terror is loosening but whatever thoughts were backing up are gone .
tr	11	Without us , you 'd never have known about the plot or have any reason to raise the alarm .
tr	9	That 's where it gets a little sketchy .
tr	6	" Well then , are you ready for your first council meeting ? "
tr	8	I am of a noble house and deserve better . "
tr	7	Alejo looked over at him and whistled .
tr	7	The men watched tensely , holding their breath .
tr	6	But after a few bored , slow hours , Amanda finally emerged , retrieved her car , and drove off .
tr	8	poke in the gut from Hai Hai .
tr	8	A man 's voice calls from a small shack near the entrance .
tr	11	The dagger on her hand fell on the ground before it had been stabbed on him .
tr	11	He left , this time he really left and left me on the island .
tr	6	She was probably right , he would likely need more healing balm soon enough .
tr	10	You have found what you were looking for . "
tr	8	" Tony Wei that cheating bastard , " said George .
tr	7	It 's a total destruction of the infrastructure . "
tr	8	Father blames me for Ed 's demise and so I 'm banished from the family home . "
tr	6	All around her , the night sky was the most beautiful lavenders and dark purples .
tr	7	He said gruffly , eyeing Cade .
tr	6	" All this way for nothing ! "
tr	7	" I have your friend , Brent Kingston , " Pout continued , " and he owes me ten thousand .
tr	5	" Good heavens , that 's their intention .
tr	8	The numbers on the indicator panel above the lintel glowed as the cabin on the left ascended into the fortress .
tr	8	A decomposing corpse is usually not nearly as silent as it should be .
tr	7	She turned around from me , but my inside monster came above .
tr	9	She approached the gate , whistled at the car , and walked over to VIN .
tr	8	We 're not the only ones after the treasure in there . "
tr	10	Nothing 's going to happen to you now , ok .
tr	5	" All these years and she still hates me . "
tr	9	We need to keep them away from the bunker entrance .
tr	7	However his opinions on his betrothal , his marriage , and Lady Adele , were closely guarded .
tr	10	How you gon na get through the Mexican lines ?
tr	9	The passion with which she cares for her cattle is undeniable once a bottle of Lon Lon Milk is tasted .
tr	9	I was overjoyed to see him .
tr	10	They 'd checked every room downstairs and found nothing .
tr	6	The only article of note came in the international news section .
tr	10	Meagan shouts running onto the bridge from the lower gangway .
tr	5	" Minister , those are some heavy claims .
tr	9	" It 's always something isn 't it ? "
tr	7	Blow out one torch and they 'll all go out . "
tr	9	My smile vanished , and I stood flabbergasted staring at Minister Drake .
tr	9	" It 's getting late and you need to get some rest .
tr	9	The sun had dried out the field , and the women began to pick the corn .
tr	9	Isn 't there some way to get her back ? "
tr	8	" And with a Yeoman in command , I knew this was a terrible idea . "
tr	6	Ok , yes , it 's a little scary .
tr	6	" Magnolia Boarding School , " Tori said with a smile on her face .
tr	5	" Madre de Dios , Mateo , are you all right ? "
tr	7	" She had this kind of idea . "
tr	8	Logan and I glanced at each other before simultaneously removing and cocking our revolvers .
tr	6	It can 't really , not yet , but it is her nature . "
tr	5	" Oh no , honey , we couldn 't . "
tr	9	You look nice , ' Calvin said as she stepped into the landing .
tr	8	The first team to free the hostage would win the game .
tr	9	" He put it here to help sustain us . "
tr	10	She accepted the plan and ran to get into position .
tr	7	" Running out of air ? "
tr	7	" The truth of it is I rather admire his cheek ! "
tr	6	He let his mind spiral back to that day .
tr	8	* * * As the Rover 3500 sped towards Hemel , Raphael considered 10,000 Faces as the antithesis of Taboo Tortured .
tr	9	" Yes please ; if that 's alright , " he said gratefully .
tr	10	the two labs lying off to one side periodically opening their eyes as though checking the fire .
tr	9	When she was almost done with the meal she heard the captain addressing her .
tr	8	The wind stopped tugging at her coat .
tr	8	You don 't come from around here . "
tr	8	It stopped at the place where the green light had been .
tr	8	Nathan was surprised and kept quiet .
tr	6	I dove forward , grabbed his gun , and twisted , firing at the other man .
tr	9	' The only difference between the experiments would have to be -- ' She suddenly froze and went ashen .
tr	9	" Do not be ; I think you were right . "
tr	7	Not that I chase them away , mind you .
tr	7	Taylor stated more than he asked .
tr	10	Then Noah rushed forward , pushing the tough Lizard ahead of him several inches .
tr	7	And true spirits help me , I would do it again in a heartbeat .
tr	5	A jolly seaman and a very old-fashioned officer , " the first lieutenant said .
tr	11	Anderson continued , " We have electricity and good borders and that 's it .
tr	8	They 're almost always second sons without a chance of inheritance .
tr	5	From the snow , from the town , from my home , from life .
tr	5	He even staggered back a few steps every now and again .
tr	6	Her Mum and Auntie scrapping like school kids was high entertainment .
tr	6	But unless she did , her own future had no chance .
tr	11	We need to see that you 're okay ! "
tr	9	The other hand reached down and roughly pulled at the front of his robes .
tr	9	Sarah looked for any guile in his eyes and thought she saw only weariness and anxiety .
tr	6	" Mail , mail , mail , end of the week mail , coming thru !
tr	8	She noticed it wasn 't bleeding .
tr	9	He felt like throwing up , and his vision swirled a little .
tr	5	" God , Jesus Christ , Mary , the angels and Saints .
tr	7	He caught the metal flask and stared at me with a puzzled expression .
tr	8	Only that regular breathing and the pounding footsteps that told Ted all he needed to know .
tr	6	" OK , we 'll play one half .
tr	8	She says she 's all right .
tr	10	" It must have been a train I saw .
tr	10	She didn 't move when rubble from the explosion rained down around her .
tr	9	I was too nervous to do otherwise .
tr	9	" And then she refused to give it to me .
tr	11	I watched them play until I saw her .
tr	8	There wasn 't anyone to answer .
tr	9	' He looked like he knew you , ' he said slowly .
tr	9	Two more exited through the front of the building while three took off out the back .
tr	9	" Come on , let 's do this , " she exclaims , sounding motivated as ever .
tr	8	A girl with broken wings , done falling .
tr	8	Joined when I was fifteen .
tr	8	Gan touched his ear and pointed toward the sound , and then at the strangers .
tr	10	He was strapped to a chair with his hands tightly bound .
tr	10	He had only recently discovered through his studies at school that everything in nature was connected .
tr	7	Brought it from some other place , or some other time ?
tr	5	' Sorry , what was that last bit ? '
tr	8	As Steve cleared the hub , he managed to throw his right arm out .
tr	7	Agent 2C , already wearing his parachute , moved to the jumping hatch and awaited the green light .
tr	7	" Mr. Gray tells me you 've been up here since the discovery ?
tr	8	' I 've been waiting for this moment for so long . '
tr	10	The pressure waves from the explosion sent us tumbling across the pine cone covered track .
tr	8	" That 's not the only thing bothering you , " she infers , reading into his mannerisms .
tr	8	After a few slips , I kick off my shoes to gain better traction .
tr	11	That would have been easier to believe of Ivan .
tr	6	" He is my husband , Manuel .
tr	8	How did King Ine take Rafe 's delegation of duties ? "
tr	8	Another yawn hit me and I felt my jaws crack .
tr	8	" What are we supposed to do ? "
tr	7	But he wasn 't as stupid as he looked .
tr	6	" The Palace clerks are checking the accounts now . "
tr	7	A couple of them head to the baggage claim area and the rest to the various exits .
tr	6	" Well , I was all right back then , had myself a job and everything , even a woman .
tr	11	And with Himself tracking in every manner of dirt all day long .
tr	10	As she sped toward home , her mind struggled with what to do next .
tr	10	He rinsed out the cup then sat it upside down in the sink before he turned .
tr	10	I look him over , assessing his aura for any hints of red .
tr	8	Wang pulled out a length of det cord and fashioned it into a circle .
tr	6	Dad moved to the brown leather loveseat .
tr	10	The guard didn 't seem interested in pursuing it .
tr	8	The jungle night sounds seemed to welcome her home .
tr	9	If we 're forestalled by a year , we 'll simply improve our plans .
tr	7	Take this and take that good-looking police officer out for an expensive dinner somewhere .
tr	11	People are questioning and challenging those that hold power and that is growing .
tr	5	He pulled an innocent baby face quite effectively .
tr	10	" I can see the shuttle 's docking port through one of the portals , " VIN said .
tr	9	Mike sat in his chair and angled to face the audience .
tr	7	Of course Daniel , the California Mouse did not know anything about that .
tr	8	" ' Tis ... difficult to explain . "
tr	11	" I do hope this isn 't a bad time ? "
tr	7	" It 's grown very long , " Mana said .
tr	7	The designer waved off Frank 's accusation with his free hand .
tr	10	We always played cars and war and everything you can imagine .
tr	6	After that we both turned to our easels .
tr	9	" On whether we win this war or you 're killed by a Werewolf or Vampire . "
tr	9	She wanted it to last a little longer .
tr	7	" At the end of the Great War they were married .
tr	7	He could tie me up and stuff me into a closet .
tr	11	* * * They were outside camp , making their way past a flock of sheep .
tr	9	" Not being referenced on the internet . "
tr	10	Rand held him tightly , choking a little over his words as he spoke them .
tr	9	It was all she could do .
tr	10	The thought of killing one of the " girls " was difficult .
tr	6	She threw her exercise gear on , grabbed her headphones , and ran out the door .
tr	6	Water was relatively easy , and Fire and Air even better .
tr	6	We 'll establish an alternative LZ .
tr	7	I misused your honor the other night , and I beg your forgiveness , " the boy finished with a bow .
tr	5	But Philip , Alexandra , Leland , Robert , and Graff didn 't know .
tr	8	Design it , build it , and get it running fast .
tr	10	This was not a place to be left behind .
tr	9	I felt I could skirt around it .
tr	9	He folds his hands together and places them on the table before him .
tr	6	Amid the trees are devilish wood sprites and red mushroom caps with white spots and faeries tempting mortals with golden fruit .
tr	8	They think he 's a charity case . "
tr	7	" The Road of Death , living up to its name , " a woman muttered .
tr	10	What to serve for dinner and the decision was left to me .
tr	6	She is my joy , my delight .
tr	9	What I hadn 't appreciated until today was the simple joy of silence .
tr	9	One scene from their childhood after another began to flicker before them .
tr	7	He sank back into the pillows defeated .
tr	6	Lucas introduced him to the Park Service historian .
tr	9	Thankfully , most seemed to be about my age .
tr	9	" I will in a minute , soon as I finish reading this . "
tr	9	Alex put her friend through several workouts to strengthen her arms and the other muscles used in each stroke .
tr	9	Wait , " he said , grabbing the side of the cart .
tr	8	his mother called out surprised to see him there .
tr	9	Since the festival lasted all night there was no hurry in getting there .
tr	11	She laughed while struggling to sit up .
tr	5	' No , they can 't , ' she said quietly .
tr	7	There 's nothing for you here .
tr	7	" Everything is in readiness , my Laird . "
tr	6	" Damn you , Hamish , " the man on the ground said .
tr	6	" Let 's go . "
tr	9	The group of humans were still paralyzed , even after the event was over .
tr	8	He found photos of Gema and himself taken in and around Kuching .
tr	11	I wonder which pile to try first .
tr	5	" Aye , close enough , " said Cricket , chuckling .
tr	11	That was all he needed to know .
tr	5	" Whatever , " Jim shrugged , " Not important right now . "
tr	6	Each time he reached the number thirty , he fired another round .
tr	8	" It 's hard to explain .
tr	10	we heard Trudy ask George as we arrived .
tr	6	Down the opulent hallway , a set of wide double doors were swinging open .
tr	9	' Are these the floor plans for the house in Capitol Hill ? '
tr	6	' The evidence doesn 't lie , ' he murmured .
tr	10	I 'd like to apply some things to your face , too .
tr	11	She let you sleep in a stinky barn with the cows and horses .
tr	10	Mana called a halt to their studies when lunch was sent up to the room .
tr	6	But , " he looked up at her in confusion .
tr	9	I 'll check the door for booby traps and then we 'll get in there . "
tr	10	There were things in there she should not see yet .
tr	5	' Oh sure there are , ' Amy laughed bitterly .
tr	11	The Veils have a plan , greater than any of us could imagine .
tr	11	It 's just me , and I think you 're full of shit . "
tr	7	" He will still be executed , " Sigmund said .
tr	11	JD was given the task of pulling those resources together into a cohesive unit .
tr	7	" She 's crazy , " the voice said , " and she could hurt you . "
tr	8	I assume that was you ? "
tr	11	He found a hole near the base of the tree between two huge roots .
tr	7	As if they knew that a better new world was coming .
tr	7	It would give him an unfair leg up on the competition , even stranger still .
tr	10	" Did he tell you where he was calling from ? "
tr	8	he asked into the microphone of his headset .
tr	9	I blinked , trying to focus .
tr	8	" Captain , " he gasped , " you are summoned immediately , both of you . "
tr	9	If you would take your daughter 's prior council to heart , there would be no need of my presence . "
tr	6	We amble through the woods .
tr	9	" It means that someone has passed this way recently . "
tr	11	I walked proudly ; they could frame me , but they couldn 't make me guilty before my conscience .
tr	8	From that point forward he was no longer timid and cautious , he was clearly different .
tr	7	It would be me pleasure , " he said with a gleam in his eye .
tr	9	You have one last choice to make , Alfred . "
tr	10	" I didn 't -- " Ali started to say , but he knew it was useless .
tr	10	Fancy dawdling all this time , what are they thinking of ? "
tr	11	Sampson was in all regards a military dictator and had mobilized every available resource to his ends .
tr	10	Descending the stairs was like going to heaven , just in the wrong direction .
tr	5	You actually love me ? "
tr	7	Everybody go have fun , " Tori yelled and everyone ran out of the room .
tr	6	The shadow watched her still , expressionless as a stone once again .
tr	7	" Gabe , she could lose control at any moment .
tr	10	It always helped to calm her before a meet .
tr	7	" What should I do until then ? "
tr	8	" Doesn 't look too bad on you , " he said .
tr	10	Though he cannot understand why , the boy is certain he cannot move a muscle .
tr	6	At some point or another , an Infernal in your class would 've reeked . "
tr	7	After a few steps in blinding sunlight , they entered the shade of the trees .
tr	8	Mark didn 't read any more , nor did he browse through Jon 's account .
tr	9	" Don 't worry , doctor , I 'll treat this facility as if it were my own .
tr	7	He was mad , he was foolish , and he was very , very brave .
tr	8	Tolerance Tolerance is one of the most misused and abused words in our language .
tr	7	Her voice , made rough by dryness , sounded strange in the silence .
tr	11	He understood I was hinting for him to leave .
tr	10	She fell two levels before she grabbed a hold of the sides .
tr	9	This morning she was already gone before breakfast was served .
tr	10	You are a rising senior with one more year before you go to college .
tr	8	He landed early in the morning , perfect timing because only the early birds were up and about .
tr	8	You need to show Lynn .
tr	10	she asked walking towards us massaging her palm .
tr	9	It 's too ... " He failed to find the word .
tr	7	Owen fell into the boat and the black forms pulled the more , all the while hissing terribly .
tr	6	Her eyes wide in wonder " No dream , my Rosa . "
tr	8	He also saw several cars blocking all lanes across the bridge .
tr	7	I removed the daguerreotype from my coat and carefully pushed it across the table .
tr	11	Alfred shuffled out the door , thinking perhaps this was just a game of cat and mouse .
tr	10	I wonder if she has any other way of greeting visitors ?
tr	10	She came out of the house uncomfortable in her high heels and sat in the passenger seat .
tr	6	" It 's all clear here Gus , you can come on up ! "
tr	9	It would have to be enough .
tr	6	He glanced from her still face to the projected data .
tr	9	Was life really supposed to feel that good ?
tr	8	Atticus looked down at me with fear in his eyes .
tr	7	" Quirky Bill Jamison wasn 't exactly a friend , but that 's another story or twelve .
tr	8	Snow Job struggled to compose his thoughts .
tr	11	That 's what he must intend to do .
tr	9	And who was this ' guest ' the staff mentioned ? "
tr	11	I trust that you will not disappoint me as he has ! "
tr	7	By now his boots were just plain ugly , but at least they were broke in .
tr	7	I take off my turban and caftan , make ablution by the stream and say my noon prayers .
tr	7	Just make sure you don 't save over my game . "
tr	9	Do you have class ? "
tr	7	And then , without warning , he leaned over and kissed her on the mouth .
tr	8	" Isn 't that Noah 's ring ? "
tr	11	He had to keep track of the wolves and where each one was .
tr	10	Bring the package and you 've got nothing to worry about . "
tr	7	The golden medal of service and the Imperial standard across the coffin were no consolation .
tr	6	" This isn 't a Clue game , " I said .
tr	5	I pick up the box .
tr	9	Simon followed suit and stood up also leaving his rifle on the ground .
tr	11	I need to find the courage he has .
tr	8	" Ouch , that bad was it ? "
tr	7	Kevin looked toward the lodge and picked his way along the path .
tr	8	Warrior struggles to her feet , turns and fires a pulse canon volley into Lance 's body .
tr	9	" Not that I had noticed that our previous pace was relaxed . "
tr	7	" I mean , I could just do this myself , " Jimmy hastily added .
tr	9	She wanted to grill him about his blog .
tr	8	He 'd seen this in the movies .
tr	6	' Yes I do , the quicker we do this the better .
tr	11	asked Simon even though the idea of being a secret agent appealed to him .
tr	11	No , she corrected herself , especially if it was the proper thing to do .
tr	9	Double checking the trunk was locked he walked with Jennie into the lobby .
tr	10	' Now I feel mean for being angry , ' Katherine said .
tr	10	She heard voices ; saw colors like that once before , far away , long ago .
tr	6	Both brothers put their guns under their pillow .
tr	10	Filled with those who love you .
tr	6	As they approached , the commotion stopped immediately .
tr	11	Survivors were crucial for spreading the rumors and adding credibility to them .
tr	8	" But you do take orders from me , " said a voice .
tr	11	Beside him , a huge cliff stretched so far up that when Neil looked for the top , he felt dizzy .
tr	5	A comforting and welcoming space with the right mixture of cozy and spacious .
tr	7	" We have all of our gear and ammunition for the stovepipe , sir . "
tr	9	They know absolutely nothing about the rest of the project .
tr	8	He waited for a few minutes , and a few minutes more , but no one appeared in the street .
tr	7	If we miss that varmint , we 'll make straight for Death Valley soon as possible . "
tr	9	" The assassin didn 't enter the room via the door , Byron .
tr	9	He was only a few miles an hour over the speed limit and the policeman left him alone .
tr	11	" I 'm going home to play with my brother , " she said .
tr	11	He recalled Richard 's advice to ignore everything except the contract and hard cash .
tr	9	Catch her before she gets through the mountain . "
tr	6	Brand picked up his cloak , leapt , and tossed again .
tr	8	You wan na save your new friends ?
tr	8	" Don 't you know what that means , Alex ? "
tr	5	" Please , we just want our daughter back . "
tr	11	She led him through a door that opened into a dark corridor .
tr	11	My father discovered this early on by going to work .
tr	9	How are we going to get there ?
tr	8	Scott steered the dozer into the edges of the underbrush .
tr	9	Falconer said , " Let 's try pushing some more . "
tr	10	He felt as if his father had kicked him in the gut .
tr	10	They were holding a scuba mask each with long tube hanging from each .
tr	8	For some reason imagining Boris as a fish appealed to her sense of humour .
tr	9	The spectacle , evoked beauty reminiscent of the first act of creation , fraught with untold dangers .
tr	9	Her boot clicks echo off the polished silver walls as she walks over the metal floor panels .
tr	7	" I 'm serious , " she fires back , following with a shush .
tr	9	He then glanced up and asked Nurse Edwards , " How 's our supply ? "
tr	7	Recon units are already well across the border and are pushing forward .
tr	9	William and Ben were eyeing each other , a decision being made .
tr	8	With difficulty , the cousins made out some sort of enormous structure in front of them .
tr	9	" With your leg , you have a zero chance of escaping them .
tr	5	Instead of a tie , she wore a loose , white silk blouse .
tr	11	He said , trying to reason with him .
tr	8	Bring us back some cookies in an hour or so , " Lo says .
tr	5	" The Council finally lost their minds ! "
tr	9	Rest assured , I believe it will happen eventually . "
tr	8	And then ... oh shit , and then when I got older I wrote different stories .
tr	11	She was certain that she would like him very well and that they would find married life peaceful and agreeable .
tr	7	She said , " Yes sir , no problem . "
tr	6	" Only five percent and the wheels are bouncing off the ground . "
tr	5	Their swords locked , his blows heavy , awkward , hers perfect , swift .
tr	6	Light from a nearby street lamp cast a soft glow through the room .
tr	9	He 'd make sure to collect ... . .
tr	8	Falling to my knees , I prepared to input the code .
tr	7	Some dying woman on the floor had fleshed her dagger with her last effort .
tr	8	We set a location and departed from each other 's company without another word .
tr	11	She is certain that her daughter is on her way to Denver for an abortion .
tr	7	For an instant , he was frozen in disbelief .
tr	7	" And another thing ... Thank you both , " he added .
tr	8	Servants had shoveled the walk to the castle , but in town , snow reached the windows of the houses .
tr	11	The crack was heard throughout the rolling hills in the silence of the predawn night .
tr	8	He stood next to his son in front of the TV set .
tr	6	' John , you 're extremely kind but your boat 's not that big .
tr	11	He looked at his son who only smiled in response .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , so worried you called me right away ? "
tr	6	Hatred and pain were their only goals , and order was their most dire enemy .
tr	11	If he was a bad guy I think we would have heard by now . "
tr	11	Do you know what scavenge means ? "
tr	9	Sticky eyes unglued and took in the dim glow of dawn seeping through the curtains .
tr	9	" That thing was not modified by a someone with military experience . "
tr	9	When we hunt we have to lock down on those things . "
tr	7	* * * The next day Calvin picked up the phone after his shift .
tr	9	Liam tried to let himself calm .
tr	9	Lance 's screams are shrill and terrible , but the woman continues while clenching her teeth .
tr	11	Even in the dark the white launch made a conspicuous sight , I could hear Skipper barking as I swung alongside .
tr	7	" That , my dear Rachel , " Dave replied coolly , " is getting the plane to land . "
tr	6	Light and darkness Death and life Wrong and right Need and want So far apart .
tr	11	" It is always my intention to stay out of trouble , Mr. Clancy . "
tr	9	Looming above me was the royal palace , the perimeter fence directly in front of me .
tr	11	" He 's already seen it , " Mai chuckles , turning to face the confused boy .
tr	7	Hopefully it wasn 't drugged with truth serum .
tr	7	" My time to shine , " Mai mutters to herself with a giggle .
tr	9	" Then we found out about my father and she heard about what Lance did .
tr	11	Soon the world will bow before them and she cannot wait for it .
tr	8	Think about it , and we will be in touch . "
tr	9	Why your fitness instructor wanted to beat you ?
tr	7	After a long , shuddering breath , a second quiver of alarm ran through her , setting her nerves jangling .
tr	7	Then a door opened from the cabin and light came out in jagged patterns on the river surface .
tr	7	On his shoulder , beneath the golden dragon emblem is a silver " X " symbol .
tr	10	I 'm probably gon na go to jail .
tr	8	She added , sneaking a glance at him .
tr	11	" Good girl , " Ganondorf nods , turning to return to his chamber .
tr	10	I shouted as I grabbed Alita 's fat head and held her under water again .
tr	11	I realized that this could put our whole project in jeopardy and limited them to Saturday nights .
tr	8	A pair of lifts appeared at the end of the passage .
tr	10	He wondered if he had made her proud .
tr	8	Cease the attacks , stand down the military , and let 's talk this out .
tr	6	he fell down on his knees .
tr	8	" I 've got other buyers , sweetheart , " he smirks , leaning further over the counter .
tr	10	I opened the door , letting in a blast of cooler air as Malcolm walked through .
tr	6	" Okay , now I 'm situated , " Melody said .
tr	6	" Finally , " a terrible voice croaks and reverberates through the huge cavern .
tr	11	Robbie I want you to stay in here with the Bren , you 've got a good field of fire .
tr	10	" It took years for us to understand how wrong we were .
tr	5	His voice a bass so deep her ribcage felt each word .
tr	9	Just from observing him ? "
tr	10	She said she knows you , and you told her to pray for me . "
tr	7	Chapter IV The setting sun dropped once more towards the horizon , surrendering her heat .
tr	6	Just so as you know , green nail varnish or a green scarf won 't do . "
tr	8	" Well , allow me to repeat myself .
tr	7	But the strict voice of his teacher would rudely awaken him from this fascinating little world .
tr	10	" Miriam -- it is Miriam , isn 't it ?
tr	6	On the same wall , but in the opposite corner there was an old mattress without any bed sheets .
tr	8	The thought made her lips turn up .
tr	8	We crashed through the security barrier in a hail of gunfire .
tr	11	You should be asking what game you should play instead . "
tr	6	The elevator stopped , the doors opened and a short , heavyset man took a step inside .
tr	8	" It 's all over town , " he said .
tr	6	His father frightened him , but not in the physical sense .
tr	9	What was he doing in this kind of place ?
tr	8	As if her watching for him might make him come .
tr	9	He spluttered , " The child -- threw -- things at me !
tr	7	' You look like hell , ' he said bluntly .
tr	11	She was talented and he felt that she was ready for this challenge .
tr	9	Trust me , you 'll be old before you know it . "
tr	8	Finally , it came to a stop at the foot of the platform .
tr	7	" Look after this one , " he indicated to his crew , and they needed no coercion .
tr	9	Maybe we could hang a trapeze in that big live oak over there , play Tarzan and Jane . "
tr	8	Kneeling , he placed the canteen to the corporal 's lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
tr	8	Burning with hatred and potential violence , she resisted him with a memorable animosity .
tr	10	We need to see how the real people lived . "
tr	8	" That it was his captain ! "
tr	7	" Why do you want him dead ? "
tr	9	She wished morning would come faster .
tr	11	He roared as he stepped forward , drawing his great sword from its scabbard .
tr	5	" But in the sensual aspect , not the mortal aspect .
tr	6	" Let 's just try regular friends first , " my voice was breathy and choked .
tr	5	Complex , precise and powerful sequential manoeuvring is required .
tr	5	Anyhow , the damned thing 's useless and waterlogged now .
tr	11	He knew it was time to leave .
tr	8	Mercedes was at the mercy of a lunatic despot .
tr	8	Only a month or two later , more superheroes began coming out of the woodwork .
tr	7	" Maybe , we don 't really know the exact number but a hundred 's a pretty good estimate . "
tr	9	Rafe tapped a thoughtful tattoo on the smooth wood of the table top , lost in his own thoughts .
tr	5	" That 's awesome ! "
tr	6	" Oh , I du n no , " Gina replied under her funny , floppy rain hat .
tr	9	She could see in their eyes that they were afraid .
tr	8	" That is the gist of it , yes .
tr	6	Moments later , he felt a tug on his arm .
tr	5	" Well , hello there , " Jason remarked and waited .
tr	5	The engine cowl still was ominously empty .
tr	7	Without another word , she flees back toward the bridge , still down for the time being .
tr	11	The helicopter circled a lone , black office building , about twenty stories tall , that sat overlooking a bay .
tr	8	" The day we found out was the day Grand took you .
tr	10	It 's about the family that was attacked and killed . "
tr	11	" It 's going to suck , but not as much as the uncertainty .
tr	10	If felt good to laugh .
tr	6	" Not as beautiful as you , " he whispered , and for a moment , I believed him .
tr	9	If you hadn 't showed up their transports would be landing on Earth right now , " Jason says .
tr	8	Rand 's smile wavered , and his voice took on a more serious .
tr	9	But he had to hold his pants up with his right hand .
tr	6	" The coast of France and Portugal , " observed Maggie .
tr	5	Gatsby isn 't even his real name !
tr	9	" He believed that the human body contained a vast untapped potential for strength , intelligence and power . "
tr	7	The prisoner 's finished with his priest .
tr	6	Logan eyed Mark suspiciously but took the money .
tr	8	Then , I hid myself in that room and waited until you arrived .
tr	5	Gowns and teas , boys and parties , it 's all just so boring . "
tr	6	Why , no , just walk right on up to it .
tr	7	' Bob 's a great name for a dog . '
tr	8	" Mind if I have a cup ? "
tr	6	His most highly skilled equestrian walks his horse over , a frightening , jet black steed of renown amongst the fortress .
tr	6	Potent , red tendrils of energy commingled with the blue , green , and silver swirls .
tr	6	" A bacon cheese burger and chocolate shake , " I say .
tr	10	I had to get accustomed to that word .
tr	8	Lay face down on the pavement ' ' Take no notice men , open fire . '
tr	11	" Do you want the short or the long of it Jennie ? "
tr	9	I stabbed the sword savagely into his chest and stood there breathlessly , blood pounding in my ears .
tr	7	In reality , I was mercy for him .
tr	8	The heat hasn 't broken yet , and the leaves wilt beneath the sun 's inerrant gaze .
tr	10	At least Tommy thought they were sheep , the sounds they were making sounded less like bleating and more like meowing .
tr	8	he whispered , just above the crashing of the waves .
tr	8	" None of us got killed and it could so easily have gone the other way . "
tr	8	Don 't mistake me -- he is the epitome of Southern gentility .
tr	9	They heard Ahmad stumble out of the stairwell into the dark lobby and stop , apparently orienting himself to the room .
tr	11	Kill any who try to escape .
tr	11	They need to keep moving towards something .
tr	8	As the pod slid into the finish point , Claire let her legs drop from the pedals .
tr	8	Keep me apprised of your progress . "
tr	6	Forty feet , thirty feet , Isaac moved with determination .
tr	7	They 're after him , and he 's leading them away .
tr	8	" When it was getting dark , I took your gun and fired it a few times .
tr	9	He 'd wanted to say something , to do something .
tr	9	" Your family will hardly be satisfied should I triumph , " replied Rafe .
tr	11	" Did you think she was invincible ?
tr	8	The man stood and extended his hand as Destro approached .
tr	6	" The speaker for the crusade we 've been planning ? .
tr	8	We gazed over the threshold into the bowels of a modern elevator shaft .
tr	11	" They tend to get problems once they pass two hundred . "
tr	7	The candy aisle was two aisles over and he made a beeline straight for the candy bars .
tr	8	Neil was left behind , scratching his head .
tr	7	She got off at the first floor wishing me good night .
tr	7	" I received a scolding telegram soon afterwards , but I was already gone .
tr	9	The man staggered , forcing himself to walk .
tr	9	" One more , then we get to pick some , " Christy agreed .
tr	7	I leapt back and gripped my sword in both hands .
tr	9	He turned to discover why .
tr	11	Their power 's been reduced now , of course , but they still manage to offer the best of parties .
tr	8	' We 'll leave half of the men on the surface .
tr	9	He 's one of the biggest bookies in the east end . "
tr	8	" That means a good dinner wasted , like as not . "
tr	9	And you are remarkable people for doing just that . "
tr	5	From somewhere , despite his naked body , he produced a small velvet box .
tr	11	She followed him into a drawing room filled with light from the tall windows overlooking a paddock .
tr	8	Ted turned onto 2nd Street with Joe hot on his heels .
tr	9	Going to have kids ? "
tr	10	Jonesy replied from the shuttle , realizing what he had just said .
tr	11	' More than enough to cause us real problems .
tr	8	" Good afternoon , my Lord , " one of the guards greeted him as he approached the door .
tr	7	I leaned over and rested my hands on my knees , breathing in and out , in and out .
tr	10	Standing in a momentary stupor , Zelda realizes he slipped a piece of paper into her hand .
tr	10	The point she was driving at suddenly became very obvious .
tr	8	Down two flights of steps and along another low corridor Giovanni unlocked the door to a compact but lavish twin room .
tr	8	I mean , what are the Trojans anyway ?
tr	9	After Simon and Beppe helped Franca clean up , they went back into the study .
tr	7	She could see over the rounded edge , but not down at the waterline .
tr	9	" Let us enter , my dear . "
tr	11	" Agreed , " Zero seconded and just like that they all began to celebrate .
tr	10	It had to be the Vault of Echoes !
tr	7	Nate picked up a loose brick from her walkway and tossed it into her living room through the gaping hole .
tr	7	Anna rose from the bed and walked restlessly to the window .
tr	6	" There you go , che . "
tr	8	' Well thank you for the compliment Calvin , ' she said laughing and slapping him playfully on the chest .
tr	8	After a moment , Rift realizes it 's a sales pitch .
tr	7	One more thing , send a team in to clean this mess up .
tr	11	Extra points for the team who could name the double agent .
tr	9	Olsson 's eyes widened in shocked surprise as he desperately pressed his hands against the wound at his throat .
tr	7	Miriam and Simon shot after her , and Neil followed rather uncertainly .
tr	9	He was difficult , to be sure , but he freed her .
tr	9	It was Lacroix 's turn to be silent .
tr	7	He found Loot and Fire Cub down by the creek , fishing .
tr	6	It will only take me five minutes . "
tr	7	" Well , ' grappa ' is blessed water " , added Giorgio with a smile .
tr	7	This was his life , here , working the land .
tr	9	Leclerc stopped the machine while he cleared a rock from the path .
tr	8	Logan was crouching amid the grass , and the doctor stood above him .
tr	8	This was so out of character for him .
tr	7	But I knew from the start about his mood and still I fall in love with him .
tr	9	Take it ... to Roshan .
tr	7	" Oh , come on Bea , you usually give at least two , especially to small defenseless humans . "
tr	8	The rifle cartridge had a much more dramatic effect on zombie skulls than that of her revolver .
tr	9	It wasn 't ten seconds before a boy in a red jacket and jeans appeared at the door .
tr	5	Bumps , scrapes , bruises -- some light sword wounds .
tr	10	Because I wanted to be free .
tr	6	A swoop and a slow , and they touched down on the desert floor with a thump .
tr	10	I didn 't want to talk to him .
tr	6	' He never did , it 's his daughter 's ex-boyfriend 's .
tr	8	For some reason putting things inside a small enclosed area actually makes it feel larger .
tr	9	" Let 's go please in the kitchen .
tr	8	" Yeah , I noticed that when I first saw you .
tr	9	He made a dart for the door in seek of the lost maiden .
tr	6	" Both sent to another country in South America .
tr	10	am I going to live ? "
tr	7	Rick came back into the room a puzzled expression on his face .
tr	8	They stood in front of a half-finished St. Vitus Cathedral , within the grounds of Prague Castle .
tr	7	Generally he fled the room and left them to his mother .
tr	11	Still he lingered , unable to tear himself away from his hiding place .
tr	7	He carried a long sword and no other weapon , and he wore the dark attire and a black cloak .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	6	The big man with rough hands and soccer shorts holds his son on the couch .
tr	10	I 'll make sure Abbey 's okay .
tr	9	Now there were six plus the two in his hands .
tr	10	Calm down and tell us what is going on .
tr	10	" But Captain ... " he began , stopping when the captain gave him another cold look .
tr	5	The girl , however , did not move .
tr	8	They were the only ones running toward the enemy troops .
tr	6	" That 's good father , did you and His Majesty Sultan set the date yet ? "
tr	8	I had nowhere to run , and I couldn 't avoid the encounter .
tr	9	Three are at the edge of the front lawn and one is at the corner of the main barn . "
tr	8	People think I 'm stupid , Bloor . "
tr	8	He had this beautiful blonde angel watching over him , and keeping his confidence up .
tr	8	It was Latin and roughly translated into " power to the people . "
tr	7	The shrill , ear-splitting cry was cut short by a pistol shot .
tr	9	The light was starting to fail and the sky was a deeper , gunmetal grey .
tr	8	" No amount of talking will fix this problem , and all this chatter is making me nervous .
tr	9	Guess he got beaten up !
tr	5	" No , " said the Dragon , uncomfortably , " I most definitely would not . "
tr	8	It was crazy , he knew , but ever since that day , things had not been right on the Rump .
tr	10	" You almost made me believe you there , " she said .
tr	10	" Those people don 't know what they 're talking about , " answered Nathan .
tr	7	Chapter 9 -- Over the Edge Bethany fought to breathe .
tr	10	shouted Gerry above the deafening noise , as he picked up the 30 calibre sniper rifle .
tr	8	As he considered the curious device his analytical circuits began cross-referencing his detailed databases and predicting its potential qualities .
tr	9	" Looks like a tattoo to me , Jen ... but what ... can we zoom in closer ? "
tr	7	For the first time Eda saw fiery sparks of anger spill from Adele 's eyes .
tr	10	I 'm sorry I got a bit short with you .
tr	11	She raised her eyes slowly , as if allowing the universe ample opportunity to correct this terrible mistake .
tr	6	" Okay , you guys come up with a name . "
tr	10	" She wanted to remember what angels really were .
tr	8	She hated how she had acted .
tr	9	You 're worse than a teenager at a school disco .
tr	7	" How very improper for a woman . "
tr	9	Across the food court , Jimmy and Josie balanced their trays carefully as they walked back to Mark .
tr	7	The men of the watchtower called it Devil 's Tooth .
tr	9	They should really turn that in a sad movie , " Jess said .
tr	11	The blow staggered the shapeshifter , causing him to lose his grip on Josie .
tr	8	They carried Gunnar into their room and set him on the bed , wrapping him in warm sheets .
tr	10	The M word sat in the back of my throat , and I had to take in deep breaths .
tr	8	The place was far from cosy and even a little melancholy .
tr	9	I was going to take the test !
tr	8	They died from lack of oxygen .
tr	7	You can 't have mine , " he joked .
tr	9	" They 're magnificent , " said George , " we 'll need a bigger room at this rate .
tr	7	" Yeah , in your dreams , Peter , " repeated Linda , and followed her friend .
tr	7	As she exited , the manager sighed , took his glasses off , and put them on the table .
tr	10	She knew what she had to do .
tr	5	" In our hot little black bags , " electronics expert Hamilton Berger said cheerfully .
tr	6	The images on the television looked like amateur video .
tr	10	He didn 't even feel like he was on Earth right now .
tr	9	He began searching the house for their photos .
tr	9	" The blade is an interesting combination of elements , very strong but a bit on the brittle side .
tr	7	Now , finally , they were making noise , giggling .
tr	5	Not a poor baron with a vast estate but nary a coin to his name . "
tr	6	But deep down inside , to his eternal chagrin , his inborn persona repeatedly exerted itself upon him .
tr	10	Confirm a 75 percent angle , speed ... passing through 500 knots ... 54,000 feet . "
tr	10	I said the Egyptians thought they did .
tr	11	She didn 't directly look at people in front of her .
tr	9	They began to walk away with the gurney and body bag .
tr	11	" Lance you need to stop thinking about yourself .
tr	11	Hey , you look even dirtier now than the first time I saw you !
tr	11	" To my house . "
tr	10	My fingers curled into a ball , and I remembered the look on his face , his out of control behavior .
tr	7	Something to tie the pieces together .
tr	9	Suddenly , he lifted off the ground , feet dangling in the air .
tr	6	From the exterior , the apartment looked like all the other buildings .
tr	10	I don 't know what this is all about , but I 'll trust you . "
tr	9	At least he had gotten in one more good shot .
tr	6	Everyone in Peshawar packed lead .
tr	7	Instead , he straightened , pasted a surprised look on his face , and pulled his phone from his pocket .
tr	10	Here he was , just observing , as the costumed trio headed toward their quarry .
tr	10	" Son , you have no reason to follow my path , " said Anderson compassionately .
tr	7	The apartment was small and neat , and smelled faintly of vanilla .
tr	7	It lasted a full minute -- sixty microwave seconds -- and I felt hotter and hotter .
tr	6	The computers probably picked it up and made the link . "
tr	10	' I like what you 're proposing General , I 'm impressed .
tr	8	The men remained silent , except for the occasional whimpering of the elder scientist , as the Captain scanned their IDs .
tr	9	An odd growl grabs Rift 's attention , the sound seeming to echo in some inverted way .
tr	11	Maria struggled to get free of her husband 's grip .
tr	7	Therefore , I got up from my table and exit the hotel 's restaurant , satiated .
tr	10	Maybe , this was an old railroad that was not used anymore .
tr	9	Once the Highlanders have control of it , the two of you will oversee Intelligence gathering . "
tr	10	I was standing on the bridge when we reached the sea buoy .
tr	11	But the difference was she is used to these riches and he was not .
tr	7	I drank too from the tea and I told her .
tr	10	I was part of whatever had happened .
tr	10	" I wish my blades had an edge like your tongue . "
tr	10	They found a little path that someone had recently hewn into the bushes .
tr	11	There was motor pool staff on-hand to direct each vehicle into its designated berth .
tr	10	That 's what 's important in life . "
tr	9	You have dwelt for twelve years in darkness !
tr	11	" What makes you think I can ? "
tr	6	A gold , heart-shaped locket hung on a gold chain around her neck .
tr	8	He jabbed a finger into her chest , pushing her into me .
tr	8	We were ten feet from the men before they noticed us .
tr	9	Eda averted her face studiously , focusing on the trees .
tr	9	" We need to get him out but it will take time . "
tr	11	He understood that she was covering for him , but he still didn 't like it .
tr	6	Needing no further encouragement , he joined her mind , body and soul , his seed spilling deep inside her womb .
tr	6	The Apocalypse Testament says : In the past is the future .
tr	7	Learning from her mistake , he covered his nose with his arm and looked inside the coffin .
tr	7	Every time I swing , his sword is already there ; and he 's barely even fighting back !
tr	7	He turned his back to me and reached into his backpack .
tr	5	" Well , son , " he said .
tr	10	Amy had looked at other guys in the room but none came close to Danny .
tr	8	He looked at her with dark piercing eyes , tracing her spine with a finger .
tr	6	* * * " Case in point , " Kerry Slater , physician and shapeshifting lion , nodded his agreement .
tr	9	He winced and massaged the back of his neck gingerly .
tr	9	She smiled and hurriedly took the stairs , down to the first storey .
tr	11	That is all you need to know . "
tr	8	" It looks as fine a treatment as I have ever seen .
tr	6	Okay , back to the hysteria thing .
tr	7	" None of those things are calm , " I moan .
tr	9	" I 'm glad you found us . "
tr	8	If we can ransom him , maybe your family will get a little benefit , eh ? "
tr	10	They want to do a story about you . "
tr	8	But if the war was simply a ruse , then what was the government doing but policing the population .
tr	8	In the distance a column of fire with a mushroom top rises into the sky .
tr	11	Their main threat was a landing on the east side to roll up their flank .
tr	6	Hailey slapped aside the web the Spider spit from her belly .
tr	9	It wouldn 't take many more to shear the flimsy thing .
tr	10	" Do you need help with anything ? "
tr	6	We can take them out . "
tr	5	" Can I have a kiss goodbye as well , Matthew ? "
tr	8	someone yelled from the other side of the tree .
tr	6	And trying to stay alive .
tr	6	" Won 't they just go over the mountain ? "
tr	11	Warrior spins about , facing Lance who regains control .
tr	9	But should it come down to it , you are much more valuable as a dead Prince than an escaped one .
tr	9	" Bob might develop a sudden fondness for limiting presidential powers . "
tr	6	" You really can fix this ? "
tr	10	* I want to be friends .
tr	7	Your daughter attacked me earlier with her zapper .
tr	9	" Here , " she said , and reached into her pack , " take this . "
tr	6	I twist my face , sideways and then chop , chop , chop .
tr	5	" Yes , please continue , " the short man said .
tr	8	" I can get used to this monarchy . "
tr	6	" Your master is coming here ? "
tr	5	On his head was a green John Deere cap , definitely not new .
tr	11	Some say there are animals in heaven , " Chris said .
tr	6	The Italian woman 's perfectly made-up face stiffened , and her beautiful skin paled .
tr	9	" Got a couple of guests coming this afternoon . "
tr	5	And the more violent the game , the more they like it . "
tr	10	We need to preserve our strength for the mission today , " said Red Talon .
tr	9	" That 's how Melissa found you " said George .
tr	9	He took it when it was offered a second time .
tr	9	That 's where most of my stuff comes from . "
tr	11	The boys , not taking their eyes off their food suggested I be the one to answer it .
tr	11	" We won 't be able to find them all . "
tr	9	They were readying their weapons when it stopped and a woman got out of the cab .
tr	5	And in an instant , with that one word , a lifetime friendship crumbled .
tr	11	Do I have some kind of seizure ? "
tr	11	Except one thing he had wanted to do for a very long time .
tr	10	Not feeling particularly accomplished just yet , Rift slowly moves closer to the site of his enemy 's crash landing .
tr	7	After the waiter took our order , Cruz picked up my hand again and weaved his fingers through mine .
tr	5	" Oh , Astro Boy up there ... the statue .
tr	9	But snow or not , she would need to leave their snug little cottage today .
tr	6	" Hey , you guys really come on like gang busters .
tr	7	... No , commercial flights are out of the question .
tr	8	And if you don 't like it , you won 't go . "
tr	8	Spread word of what you have seen ?
tr	9	" Well , it 's a little deep but I 'll try and give the short version .
tr	6	Then , halfway down in his message , " The Da Vinci Code . "
tr	6	No telephone or power , and the only water supply brought up in a bucket from a stream beneath his home .
tr	10	Roberto rushed over to see who it was .
tr	7	There 's about a hundred gypsies out there . "
tr	9	" You have been acting like a little savage ; I have never seen the like !
tr	10	He wouldn 't be able to surface here .
tr	9	" I 'm so glad you 're home . "
tr	10	I don 't really know what he was thinking though . '
tr	8	" What 's wrong with you , Jimmy ? "
tr	9	" I 've been thinking about that , " said Jim .
tr	9	" It 's St. Michaels and All Angels , " said George , " it was built in the eleventh century .
tr	8	He moved to sit up .
tr	10	Not like there used to be .
tr	7	If you wish , though , I will haggle for you .
tr	7	" He was shot in the head .
tr	5	" And then a few days ago , I saw my brother .
tr	5	You see , magic isn 't just coloured lights and balls .
tr	9	Something 's got at ' em , " John said , his eyes wild and darting from parent to parent .
tr	10	Somehow I had to get him away from the door so I could get out of here .
tr	9	The two gentlemen who entered the room , preceded by the court secretary , were definitely foreign .
tr	9	However , the 30-06 slug ripped into the creature just above where its heart should be .
tr	10	" It doesn 't take a lot to melt this stuff down .
tr	11	" And where am I ?
tr	6	If he knew -- " " We 've been too careful . "
tr	11	She was fearful of discovery and made sure she was well hidden .
tr	6	He picked up another sandwich and bit into it .
tr	9	I 'll be more comfortable with someone to advise me if a question arises . "
tr	8	The wait seemed to go on forever .
tr	8	How in the wide world can you protect yourself when my race returns ?
tr	9	He managed to reload the weapon , but never got a shot off .
tr	7	" Please remain outside the red area , " T 's voice suddenly announced .
tr	9	" Theodosia , I always say you know best , but this must cease . "
tr	8	There was a shocked moment of silence and then the gags and bonds were cut and the two Rogues freed .
tr	10	" And for some unknown reason we thought it 'd be a good craic . "
tr	7	Gema had added her own touch to it .
tr	9	There was increased excitement and buzzing and several other Bees began to perform the same dance .
tr	6	The hand on her butt trailed down her leg , curled around her ankle , and gently guided her stance wider .
tr	8	What was there to say ?
tr	11	Every passenger onboard this tram would be aware of the story .
tr	8	She puts on a happy face down here , then locks herself in our room and cries .
tr	6	David stood up and stretched his back .
tr	9	Then he changed into a shorter , Hispanic woman with flowing hair and large breasts .
tr	11	Even his father had known that there was only so far he could be pushed .
tr	8	She won 't come unless you do .
tr	7	" The time to return has come , Clancy .
tr	6	" So I have a new body ... but I still have the same moral code . "
tr	6	Lord Brogan frowned in disapproval .
tr	10	It 's all a matter of securing funding , you understand . "
tr	8	The giant was a much taller and wider version of Haus .
tr	7	" What news do you bring from the hills ? "
tr	9	' That 'll be all for today , Mr Soul .
tr	10	" This thing says the destination is a hundred and thirty miles southwest of here .
tr	6	Malcolm dove under the nearest sweeping tree branches .
tr	10	He tossed the bottle towards me , oblivious and forgetting to cork it first .
tr	9	That which she saw in his face brought the ache of tears to her throat .
tr	7	Simon turned toward the voice and saw his mentor standing there with a concerned look .
tr	8	A cold chill runs down his spine upon hearing the noise .
tr	6	After the third or fourth beer this guy walks up , sits beside me and orders a glass of tonic water .
tr	7	Someone is shooting at us !
tr	5	" He met a watery grave . "
tr	10	" I 'm going to check the sentries before bed .
tr	10	" I can 't risk endangering all of us .
tr	8	Watching him cross , I looked down the full length of the 1500 foot cliff .
tr	6	A dripping skull emerged , followed by shoulder bones , then the rib cage and the arm bones .
tr	7	" I only broke his arm in two places this time , " I said .
tr	7	The Prince could suddenly breathe again , and he quickly walked forward on shaky legs , following the man .
tr	7	Simple Time Travel Experiment Send a digital energy signal about yourself or your message into a black hole .
tr	9	We started dancing and then I spotted your mother talking to some girls .
tr	11	His cheek had a scar from a previous encounter that badly disfigured his face .
tr	8	She realized she made a mistake .
tr	8	If she needs our help , then it is something bad and we need to investigate . "
tr	7	" My name is Roberto , not Captain , " he said with a chuckle .
tr	11	A moment later , he whispered , " What do you think Devil 's Kitchen is ? "
tr	6	Afterwards , Liz , Saga , Sky , and Jin were walking together .
tr	7	" Did she tell you , Eda ? "
tr	10	' I think I 'll leave you to it .
tr	10	As our adversaries become more alert to our activities they will be better prepared .
tr	7	I collaborate with colleges from around the world , our council .
tr	10	She is supposed to be bringing me apples .
tr	9	" I 've got it all planned out .
tr	6	" Caleb and Michael are probably working , and Sarah 's getting some groceries .
tr	6	" Please , please , " replied the man , holding out his hand .
tr	10	Jenny rounded the corner a moment later , slowing to a walk for the remaining 30 feet .
tr	11	joked Candice whilst extending her stomach out and patting it with both of her hands .
tr	7	With a simple click of a button he turned to the controller .
tr	8	I could trace my finger through her wispy locks and whisper gentle words into those mistreated ears .
tr	5	Later , back in their room : " Gordon ? "
tr	9	" Well I suppose , Your Majesty , that there 'll be a trial .
tr	10	Jain wondered what had happened to that community .
tr	10	There was a soft rustle behind me while Reid reached inside his coat and pulled out the pen torch .
tr	8	The sound of gunshots echoed to the roof of the shopping mall .
tr	9	" Well ... I 've been around Kansai before , you know . "
tr	10	A look at her watch told her Katherine would still be at work .
tr	9	Her teacher had recaptured a bit of his bombast , and Layla drew strength from it as she walked .
tr	7	I cried , raising my voice .
tr	6	I am still holding mine .
tr	10	The building rocked enough to knock them all off balance .
tr	10	He 's welcome to join in and we 'll see how it goes . '
tr	9	" I guess we 're famous , " Sarah said .
tr	6	" I don 't know , I pushed him behind me .
tr	8	When the last building standing in the area was hit , the roaring wave of compressed air engulfed her again .
tr	6	The young lady 's bottom lip stuck out even farther and she suddenly threw down her pen .
tr	10	Why hadn 't her mother told her she 'd gone travelling ?
tr	7	They had once seen their followers at a great distance .
tr	9	" Secrets and lies , that 's what our world is built on .
tr	7	She put her shaky thin fingers to her lips and looked up at the ceiling .
tr	11	He reached over and pushed a button which rang a buzzer down the hall .
tr	7	We aren 't policemen ; we don 't have their training or experience .
tr	7	Pledging this , I left home , and told my family very little .
tr	9	Waving , Cade smiled to himself and plunged back in to join her .
tr	8	There had to be a reason .
tr	8	So he tried to move an arm .
tr	7	At that moment , a wave of ice pulsed from his body freezing all the wolves in midair .
tr	5	" Our small arms ammunition is another story . "
tr	11	Gabby said nothing , which always meant something was wrong .
tr	8	It was covered in slobber , but it was there .
tr	11	Isn 't it the one ... ? "
tr	8	Gabriel felt his heart beat slow and cold .
tr	8	Why have you forsaken our Creator , our Father ? "
tr	8	There 's always something to do .
tr	8	Then he thought his heart would stop .
tr	9	Trying to get them killed .
tr	6	" If this continues , more of your fellow classmates will . "
tr	8	When has a projected military budget ever come in on target ? "
tr	10	These might have come on a raid of their own . "
tr	9	You should also know that I 'm the second son .
tr	8	Grabbing her around the waist , he floated down the rope , dragging her toward the ramp .
tr	7	At the mouth of the tunnel , a light gleamed .
tr	11	" It wouldn 't be right to name names , " he said with an air of casual dignity .
tr	9	But no , it was a risk he could not take .
tr	11	I tried to explain that it wasn 't my fault .
tr	9	She opened her mouth to protest , but Jack silenced her with a wave .
tr	8	We can 't have our enemies knowing our prison locations and interrogation methods .
tr	10	I trusted him immediately and needed little convincing that he was genuine .
tr	9	More clicks , and then , " I like hearing good news , son , " Pickett said .
tr	6	Simon gave a swift exclamation , but Mana cut him off .
tr	7	" Your life shall make me young , white man ! "
tr	5	" Yes , " she nodded .
tr	8	" Now that is mighty nice of them , " Taylor was genuinely moved .
tr	9	Afraid of making herself vulnerable .
tr	7	The thought shook him like nothing he had felt before .
tr	7	He grabbed the old man 's hand and shook it vigorously .
tr	10	People were using the paintings to build shacks , and burning the frames for firewood .
tr	11	He wanted Victoria to know he was mad .
tr	11	I don 't just want them to participate in the recon , I want them to lead it . "
tr	8	He bobbed his head , as if in an imaginary conversation .
tr	7	So she steeled her spine , straightened to her full height , and looked the lowlife straight in his eyes .
tr	10	Reaching down she digs her reinforced teeth into his weakened side and pulls .
tr	6	These farmers and mill workers , miners and cobblers , only that morning cast their thoughts only to their trades .
tr	10	" Are you naturally clumsy , or just not awake ? "
tr	10	Despite his accurate premonition , he did not have the ability to prevent it .
tr	9	I paused at the top of the steps and glanced over the metal banister .
tr	9	Hailey arrived at a spot where the push of air came from below .
tr	7	Though men scurried here and there , the captain continued their tour to the third and lowest deck .
tr	11	I said polite , inviting her to seat next to me at the table .
tr	8	I am the captor , but with the way she dominates our days , I wonder who is whose captive .
tr	8	It was good seeing you . '
tr	5	the God of War of the Iban .
tr	9	These ships were piled up in the opening , crashing and crushing each other under the immense pressure .
tr	10	I could see she didn 't believe him .
tr	10	" She said they came in a big red and white car . "
tr	8	Crashing through a six foot drift , trampling down the loose packed snow , Tarleton rounded a rocky outcrop .
tr	11	The rage that threatened to overwhelm me had abated .
tr	6	He repeated the line until the other two fitted harmonies to it .
tr	7	" You -- you helped , too , " he finally stammered .
tr	8	I see HS2 is online .
tr	6	' Well , your grandfather , though lovely , was a strict man .
tr	7	" I ... uh ... " From behind , the stranger discreetly pressed something cold and metallic into her hand .
tr	5	She was still a beautiful woman .
tr	11	He noticed that he had a corner room and that there was another bed in the room .
tr	9	" There 's nothing to like or not like .
tr	6	Alejo sighed and pressed his lips together .
tr	10	Her disguise seemed to have them all fooled .
tr	11	Cal kept walking , hoping she meant something else but the lady suddenly screeched at the top of her lungs .
tr	8	She settled in for the remainder of the story , lying down with her hands behind her head .
tr	10	" We 're gon na check out the trails , Mom .
tr	10	I 'll go saddle up the horses for us .
tr	10	The music changed and dancing began , and then I noticed that they had been drinking .
tr	5	Small animated objects , yes , but this , this was incredible .
tr	7	The boys now looked at all this information with totally fresh eyes .
tr	10	We have to jump to Earth orbit and begin our assault !
tr	6	" Counselor , " she said , and gave him a long , measuring look .
tr	9	Some of the chambers lacked this illumination , and their doorways showed black as the mouth of the Pit .
tr	5	With a slight turn , the door opened .
tr	10	The last time he had seen him Rand had been an eleven year old boy .
tr	5	Only your parents , Tim , Amy , You , and I know this .
tr	11	Regular troops were being brought in to deal with these threats .
tr	8	He was new to the group and this was his first assignment .
tr	10	" You 'll want to hold onto that .
tr	11	He turned out to be your son " Beppe began .
tr	8	Anastasia was more anxious than he , and had stepped out for some air .
tr	10	I found a roll of electrical tape and wrapped both ends of the steel line then forced the hose on .
tr	7	" He seems to be .
tr	8	" Well , " he stutters , " just be careful with it . "
tr	7	Let 's get started . "
tr	9	The boys were concentrating hard in order not to be discovered .
tr	11	He spoke on , shaking Mercedes while the pistol bore into her temple .
tr	7	We 'll see about that .
tr	9	The soft , repetitive crunch of the boy 's feet meeting the piping hot earth is lost in the dark .
tr	9	Ricky said aloud to himself as he looked up in awe .
tr	6	" The last time I saw you , you were a child .
tr	8	His Majesty will want this resolved immediately .
tr	9	Rachael objected , seeking to explain .
tr	10	He seems too nervous to invest in a band anyway .
tr	11	Is that what you thought I 'd say ?
tr	8	Halfway across , the ranger saw the cop shake his head at all the activity .
tr	7	Alejo looked back at him for a moment and then loudly said , " No . "
tr	7	Crossing the stone floor , Claire moved to her side and gave the girl 's shoulders a squeeze .
tr	8	" This is a flash car for a teacher , " Tim said .
tr	9	She heard the key turning in the lock so she and Judith stood up and faced the wall . .
tr	10	" You , " he commands , pointing at the woman holding the whip .
tr	9	I 'm glad we found her . "
tr	10	The words seemed to echo in the stillness as she paused .
tr	7	Rafe made his way to the nearest chair and slumped into it .
tr	9	They were both concentrating on the signs , looking at the ground .
tr	8	" So what do they think now ? "
tr	10	" Marcy , " she repeats , certain she knows the woman from somewhere .
tr	9	He had hardly spoken two words to Andre since they woke up .
tr	11	I was hoping she 'd stay out of Root .
tr	10	We have had a rather long short list of these for some time .
tr	10	She was still sitting on Charger 's blanket some way from the fire and on seeing this Rafe frowned .
tr	10	Even if somehow I knew how possibly sent me one , I take it and look too see it .
tr	9	Let me think on it .
tr	8	The snow reached up to Brand 's waist ; the castle walk had not been shoveled .
tr	9	' Give it a go now and if necessary boost ze mid-range . '
tr	6	Apparently , Lauren and Maddie 's friend is a big-time drug runner and all-around scary man . "
tr	7	" However , it probably wasn 't a good idea coming here .
tr	10	It was hard to run from everything .
tr	10	She knows more than she 's letting on . "
tr	7	" Yes , but it sounded painful for the security checkpoint , " Doctor Hartman replies .
tr	7	Victor opened the door and walked into the room .
tr	8	Sporadic small arms fire could be heard from inside .
tr	9	We 're going to die here .
tr	5	" Not really , it was a business meeting . "
tr	7	A small herd of fluffy white sheep were moving steadily toward the cottage .
tr	10	But if we change coordinates , how do we handle Raymond ? "
tr	9	I did not know that this Cretan resort is so popular .
tr	5	With a slow , evil smile the old man said , " Good . "
tr	9	Brand opened his mouth for a retort , then decided against it .
tr	7	Such is the reason for the continued search .
tr	7	Cade paused , but Elaina called his name , waited two seconds , and went right in .
tr	7	Riki turned and laughed at him again .
tr	10	Most creatures settled into their lineage and whatever intelligence they developed was used for day-to-day activities .
tr	9	Curiosity got the better of Tim , so he trotted over to have a closer look .
tr	6	Taking a deep breath , Gan advanced with his three horses in tow .
tr	7	" I have not harmed Celeste , " he shot back , " but we must find her now .
tr	8	The more I thought of it however , the more this seemed a disadvantage than a boon .
tr	8	Cade continued , apparently unaware of her rising anger .
tr	7	From that day forward Cisco and Faro became friends until Faro 's death at sea weeks later .
tr	9	' I think one of the bullets pierced the fuel tank . '
tr	8	They reached the village of the Yellow Leaf and pulled the canoe up on the bank .
tr	6	" It 's still not right , George , maybe he can make a comeback . "
tr	10	It 's the glowing hands -- of course it is -- but also the eyes and how quickly he moves .
tr	8	" Let us not talk about it anymore today , Three Baskets .
tr	5	" Medics , the American girl and this tall prisoner here first !
tr	7	As he entered his living room , Bryce Grain stopped cold .
tr	8	They had been carrying and pulling it all day .
tr	6	" Not any of our business , " Furnace said shortly .
tr	8	" It 's been so long , " he admits with a sad laugh , briefly wiping at his eyes .
tr	11	How can you play football if you can 't talk to your teammates ?
tr	11	He reached his posted sentry after less than a full turns walk .
tr	9	There was a feeling of palpable tension in the air .
tr	5	To his surprise she shook her head .
tr	11	The men smiled , knowing they had the trio trapped .
tr	5	" Not good , " he whispered , " not good at all .
tr	8	His eyes wide and unbelieving , Link stares into the Goddess ' childlike face without words to offer .
tr	10	Will be in touch when I return to the UK .
tr	11	Any agreement that might be reached cannot be imagined to be anything but short lived . "
tr	8	He punched through the dragon 's chest and deep into its body .
tr	6	" It was so cold that night , and you were so lonely and afraid . "
tr	6	So tell me , Roshan , are you a member of the Spades ? "
tr	10	Put me down so I can get to the switch . "
tr	8	" Is their progress of so much interest to the Air Force ? "
tr	7	My stomach growled , interrupting us .
tr	5	But it was all true .
tr	6	He hugged her , pulled her away and smiled .
tr	6	" What has happened ? "
tr	9	Each day , the same two thugs patrolled the marketplace during its hours of operation .
tr	7	" Uncle Tony , the sun is very , very big and red , " Sara said .
tr	7	As they shake hands , she looks up at him and mutters , " Wow , " under her breath .
tr	9	They had brought backpacks for their personal effects and food rations as well as sleeping rolls .
tr	11	Edwin called to Maddy as she turned to leave him .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	11	" Yes , we took the cop car that the kidnapper used to grab me .
tr	6	We 're doing good here . "
tr	11	She imagined this was how an old oak tree would sound , if one ever decided to speak .
tr	9	He stumbled forward , breath coming in short , surging pants .
tr	11	They kept walking until they happened upon a clearing .
tr	8	" Are you ready for this ? "
tr	6	The question echoes in my mind then turns its fangs on me .
tr	6	He wished us a good day , and moved along .
tr	11	I stopped and hid behind a tree with my legs crossed because the five lattes had caught up with me .
tr	8	Erm ... Yes ... I believe they are . "
tr	8	" I thought that language was disappearing . "
tr	10	" We 're not sure , " said William , " and I 'm not sure Alfred is either .
tr	10	I hoped she would stay like that .
tr	6	After that , they drove in single file back up the Purchase Parkway to Kentucky .
tr	7	Two men crossed his path , but black and red axes flashed and they were no more .
tr	6	And the Angel switched on a small screen in the starship .
tr	9	The only sound was the wind against the tent , sneaking bitterly cold drafts around the seams .
tr	7	He could not help but feel elevated by her .
tr	10	Sarah was astonished and delighted to feel his hand slip into hers .
tr	7	She sat up , naked , her body tattoos glowing blue in the moonlight .
tr	7	The rest of the blank faces as they simply stared .
tr	5	This idea gave us our minimum first-stage fuel needs .
tr	8	The wind rippled through my shirt and my eyes teared up .
tr	6	With your delayed healing , one good trauma and you won 't heal back . "
tr	10	I truly believed the government cared for all its citizens regardless of their location .
tr	10	" It 's gon na get worse , " Haskins shouted .
tr	9	She and Judith were being kept in one room together but Marianne had been taken somewhere else .
tr	6	The few people in gainful employment worked for minimal , subsistence wages .
tr	8	They were the glazed grey of a winter 's dawn .
tr	9	It was a kind of isolation , a serenity that he had never before encountered .
tr	9	" You keep calling me that , " Goodspeed said .
tr	11	Although I might not know you very well , anyone could see that you are ill at ease . "
tr	10	Gema just hadn 't been the same since the reunion , not that things had really been any good before .
tr	11	" Would you say my cousin has made a hell of a big contribution today ? "
tr	9	Why hadn 't he realized it couldn 't be true ?
tr	10	I was acting out of a sense of justice and virtue as well of course .
tr	11	Praying there was enough room on her credit card , Claire handed it over .
tr	8	He was back a minute later with a basin of fresh water .
tr	6	" You 're too young , kid , " replied Tommy dismissively .
tr	10	" I thought they would execute you , " Brand said .
tr	6	" I 'll see you later . "
tr	6	He bent down , caught her elbow , and gave a gentle tug .
tr	8	We can decide what crazy is . "
tr	10	Which means we can do it more .
tr	9	The word was dutifully obeyed and the small company gathered what they had salvaged .
tr	10	Do I have it right ? "
tr	10	I raced along the platform , the gap separating us widening by the second .
tr	8	Not all of this was bad , retirement did have its advantages .
tr	7	" That leaves two routes : The channel tunnel and the ferry system . "
tr	6	" Some are my natural family , some I 've adopted .
tr	7	Two men stepped forward and reached for her unceremoniously .
tr	5	" The movements , the attacks , the areas , they were all precise . "
tr	8	With one last choking gasp , he doubles over , then loses his balance completely , toppling onto his back .
tr	10	The body had been replaced neatly by a pile of freshly dug earth .
tr	7	The others did not and they suffered for it .
tr	8	It has always been so with the Order 's tribunals .
tr	11	Remember Calvin you don 't live in Coventry anymore .
tr	10	" But you enjoy , by all means , do not let me interrupt you . "
tr	6	He 's an ambitious man , and sooner or later , that sort always causes trouble .
tr	5	Crusted , scabby rips exposed dry , stringy sinew .
tr	8	At the thought she shook as with a ague and her dark skin grew ashy .
tr	10	Shortly after this conversation , Tarleton had no time to think further about their strange discoveries .
tr	8	If I hold onto them , they may keep me afloat .
tr	10	There would be plenty of time for sleep later .
tr	5	The Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit embrace them .
tr	7	You have the right to an attorney present during questioning .
tr	7	Among the captured elves was Claus ' favorite electric train specialist , Zippy .
tr	11	It was time to start courting her .
tr	10	A bank of hard drives hummed next to a large air vent , dark monoliths in the otherwise well-lit room .
tr	8	If he gives anything away to Elaina -- " I want a promise .
tr	6	I don 't believe that girl .
tr	11	" Let 's hope it 's later than sooner .
tr	8	When Roberto caught up with him he was seething .
tr	10	I would think we saved each other 's lives several times over .
tr	6	A much known voice called my name very sharp .
tr	9	" I think we could use another pilot .
tr	8	I ordered the anchor raised and we got under way .
tr	9	I don 't like making decisions under duress .
tr	7	Matthew reached up and felt a tender knot above his right eye , just below the hair line .
tr	11	The woman can talk to whomever she wants .
tr	7	Lilly Ann continued to ask .
tr	6	Amber is sprawled a couple feet away .
tr	8	She had been going to classes every stinking day , after all .
tr	11	Unfortunately that means that he has most likely built up an extensive list of enemies .
tr	5	" Just a conversation , Lena , " Uncle Macon cautioned .
tr	11	What does she know about being this far from home ?
tr	7	Two hours later , we walked out of the house with three fake passports and a document wallet .
tr	11	He moved merchandise from higher shelves to the bottom to fill in any empty spaces .
tr	11	He paused on the threshold at the sight of two ladies in his master 's tent .
tr	5	" What is school ? "
tr	8	I 'll make a deal with you all though , OK ? "
tr	7	It was the hood of some sedan .
tr	5	Eggs , sausage , ham , grits , fried potatoes , baked tomatoes , and biscuits .
tr	9	" Adele , Finan is trying to get up again .
tr	5	Her skin , so golden and smooth , covered lean muscle and succulent curves .
tr	11	" That can 't be Thera can it ? "
tr	10	He put them back in then looked at the jacket and gloves .
tr	11	not sure Marg likes him too much but then she can be a bit fey sometimes . " .
tr	9	" Yes , the brain requires oxygen after four minutes or else it starts to experience damage .
tr	8	You 'll be disliked by all . "
tr	6	" But mum , I just can 't leave right now .
tr	9	Suddenly , standing in front of him , out of nowhere a nondescript oriental bloke in leather jacket and jeans .
tr	10	We just have to get there and come back with the stuff . "
tr	7	Why would the angel come this far away from its quarry ?
tr	6	" No , I can 't , " she said with a smile .
tr	6	He unwrapped the biggest trophy , earned last year by his first-place soccer team , the Hornets .
tr	11	He turned to see First Sergeant King walking toward him .
tr	9	The force of their bodies propelled Gabriel face first against the coarse concrete wall .
tr	7	I am an honest member of the working society . "
tr	7	The car rambled on and the noise of the boisterous teens faded .
tr	11	He beckoned us inwards , a smile playing along his eyes if not his mouth .
tr	9	The smoke from the pipe rose into the night air and disappeared out of the glow of the fire .
tr	11	" Tuesday we 'll start getting everything ready for the crusade . "
tr	10	I 'm scheduled to retire , not to die , ha ha .
tr	11	We have the rest of our lives to spend together .
tr	10	They must have known what would happen .
tr	7	He kicked up off the ground and plunged his head and chest through .
tr	6	" Our comms are down and they 're too far away .
tr	8	" Sir , there 's been an explosion in Norfolk .
tr	5	" To your right , down the passage . "
tr	7	But it is written about by countless ' observers . '
tr	5	" The Arctic ice pack is thin , here . "
tr	10	Make sure you link up with them .
tr	5	In those days , farming , hunting , gathering and building homes were often community projects .
tr	6	His hands glided over the control panels with elegance and grace .
tr	10	Had to squash that thought .
tr	6	" Put it on , " Maria directed .
tr	9	Not even large bodies of water were frightening to her , the sea was beautiful !
tr	7	Financial reports , company takeovers and government politics were top of the bill .
tr	9	" No need to be rude old boy , " again the cultured one .
tr	10	There was little doubt he would find and destroy the main recording .
tr	5	That maybe , perhaps , possibly , conceivably , she had developed . .
tr	9	Tom feigned hurt then smiled .
tr	8	He thought out every part of this plot , right down to the last detail .
tr	6	" Throughout the many years , memories fade and become lost .
tr	6	" It 's a disguise , " explained Edwin , hurriedly adjusting his wig .
tr	7	Beau ordered him to stop .
tr	6	" Not yet , " Jarvis said , " but I heard the ambulance a while ago . "
tr	7	Black Scorpion and Raven lit torches from the fire , and then the five began their journey into the cave .
tr	7	" Today at an IMF meeting in London , three members of the organisation was shot dead .
tr	7	Country life is just too slow for me . "
tr	10	All three had been part of the SAS and had seen action in different parts of the world .
tr	7	A hint of anger grew in Hilda 's eyes .
tr	8	Melody relaxed just a bit , taking some pressure off of the wire .
tr	11	The hallway before him stretches further than the eye can see , the canyon overhead widening gradually as it ascends .
tr	8	She 's unnatural , and you , my King , will be better off without her . "
tr	5	" Yes , and that 's Sidney .
tr	10	There was no time to wonder about it .
tr	9	They talked for a while about the Brunei business and their involvement with Brunei Shell .
tr	7	" Born and bred around here Tony , definitely a local boy .
tr	5	" Very convenient , " Miriam responded sarcastically .
tr	10	As she circled the room , she nodded to the guards she recognized , noting their positions .
tr	10	But Seth couldn 't say no to either of them .
tr	11	All of which meant that there was exactly nothing left for Ghost to do but sit and wait .
tr	9	" Nice of you to come back to us . "
tr	9	Knew when she had been had .
tr	11	Fortunately Bronwyn seemed to have the experience I lacked .
tr	6	Chapter 18 Three Magical Creatures Echo and Shimmer stood simultaneously , their senses alert .
tr	8	He looked scared , almost hunted , and had the air of a petulant child .
tr	10	She could not help herself but tease Taylor a little bit and get his thoughts swirling .
tr	8	" Let me get this straight .
tr	11	He filed it away in his mind to deal with later .
tr	11	Everyone couldn 't live in palaces and have servants to do everything for them .
tr	7	With no warning , a series of things happened in very quick succession .
tr	7	Soon , he was the leader of the Faith .
tr	10	Hard lines of anger at the corners of his mouth belied the flippant answer .
tr	7	" Yes , that would be us , " David said .
tr	6	007 's skin has many more sensors than my suit .
tr	6	" Very well , my Laird , " Nirvana replied , a wry grin behind his battle helmet .
tr	9	He either stays with me here or with Dickie Mason in Hereford .
tr	9	Make sure Michael is there .
tr	9	The Prince saw the Imperial army falter , and then tactically retreat in order to regroup .
tr	8	Any advantage we can steal is worth our while .
tr	8	" But we only have a short time to act .
tr	7	What about the cotton thread , does it also have an alternative function ? "
tr	7	" Cobb was on the zoning board years ago .
tr	10	His words were quiet , but no less powerful for being so .
tr	7	Falconer got them moving again .
tr	6	" I will , " I said , my concern for my teacher 's wellbeing almost overpowering .
tr	8	They 're kind of puffed out at the sides and tight below the knees . "
tr	6	" He really is okay , " I whispered , part question and part affirmation .
tr	8	A breath of wind rustling through the forest was as loud as a gale to her ears .
tr	8	A second door appeared on the other side of the boiler room .
tr	9	Her figure looked the same as it had all those years ago ... ... .
tr	5	" Well , maybe some food and then a shower . "
tr	6	" So , " Chuck said , " Ed and Edna ? "
tr	11	We looked left and right trying to determine which way .
tr	7	The radio crackled to life and she grabbed the mike off the dashboard .
tr	9	" I pray you are right , " the other Zora sighs , bowing once more before they depart .
tr	9	" The sooner you learn that , the better off you 'll be . "
tr	7	The floor shuddered as someone approached .
tr	6	The slamming of the front door brought him back to the present .
tr	7	Malcolm turned and blocked the doorway with his body .
tr	11	Their robes were embroidered with designs that no-one had ever seen on any modern native design .
tr	6	" When did she show up ? "
tr	7	Possibly involving guns or daggers or throwing stars , or her bare hands .
tr	9	She does not seemed to notice Sofia at all .
tr	6	However , their new father , Satan , or the devil , never supported this . "
tr	7	Their unique signatures collide and coalesce ; their minds and souls become as one .
tr	5	Arms and legs , even some original dresses , a wig or two .
tr	7	The black bartenders in their white coats moved among the groups , with small trays , serving drinks and food .
tr	9	When she was sick she told me how she thought about you all the time .
tr	11	He had most likely lived through many such as this , nothing new to him it seemed .
tr	7	Since when , have you ever thought like this ?
tr	8	The patrols are canvassing the island as we speak . "
tr	6	Just as Lea thought , Karen was beautiful , but even more in person .
tr	7	We 've been in the countryside for a month , at an estate .
tr	8	Carlos also got in , riding in back , while Logan rode shotgun .
tr	8	They came across a trail of blood .
tr	9	He turned and leaned against the counter as he sipped his coffee .
tr	6	With a silly grin , I stood behind my masterpiece .
tr	7	Who found the tunnel leading in here ?
tr	7	Maybe he 'd gotten fired or divorced .
tr	10	He turned to Tristan and said , " Take Raven with you and go with Iris .
tr	7	She quickly jabbed her left hand with the end , once , twice , three times in different places .
tr	9	And we play , I mean hang , with mostly cool girls like Sydney Lock .
tr	9	To everyone 's surprise Helen Spade stepped up to the steep gravel and rock slope and started climbing without effort .
tr	8	" We have him in his apartment , come up in about half an hour . "
tr	7	" Don 't know the man , but I know the type , " replied the cowboy .
tr	6	" Wow , I 'm really sorry about that whole thing back on the beach ? "
tr	7	It was just the two of them in the canvas shell .
tr	11	Mike asked loudly as his unbuckled self was thrown throughout the back seat .
tr	11	Wake the others -- tell them the van 's on fire , whatever it takes .
tr	7	Far above , the dragon noticed Echo on the ground .
tr	7	Brand 's laughter turned to tears , and soon his face was red and wet .
tr	10	Graham agreed to try and get medical attention for the injured youth .
tr	7	For now , she stuck with bruises , sore muscles , and scrapes .
tr	8	I traced circles on the arm of the couch .
tr	6	To this answer , Lewis let out a distinctly dissatisfied sounding grunt .
tr	6	Harold shook his head , his expression growing worse , " Word just arrived .
tr	7	" At the bottom of the sea , mostly , " she replied cheerfully .
tr	8	Frank immediately said to the man behind him , " Oy , watch it ! "
tr	8	Why in the hell am I letting her do this ?
tr	6	That , fortunately , was a wish and not a command .
tr	5	' What the hell are you on about ? '
tr	8	They both were starting a journey much longer than a train ride , but neither one knew that yet .
tr	7	I felt so much pain for this and having so much spite .
tr	6	" Oh , don 't worry , I won 't move too far . "
tr	11	" Still think he 's crazy ? "
tr	6	Have I been watching too many Stephen Spielberg movies ?
tr	6	" It all started there , " Wreckage told them .
tr	11	The hotel WiFi was priced for business guests and Claire snorted at the cost .
tr	7	A normal person would already be afraid but apparently , Mia 's instinct followed its own unexplained ways .
tr	10	Her husband , a mute and somber man who stood at her side , knew the tourist cottage where Sarah lived .
tr	7	She reached over and touched my pocket computer and I picked it up and typed .
tr	9	My heart contracted so fast it pounded against my chest .
tr	5	The Lord Ruler , the Final Empire , was the result . "
tr	6	" Why , yes , there certainly is " he said with a grin .
tr	9	Lucas asked as he walked behind her .
tr	10	Abby studied the map and terrain , finally locating two rocks , nearly thirty feet tall , side by side .
tr	11	Now my horse of distinguished taste seems to have lost all of it .
tr	7	John ran to the front door and pushed it open .
tr	9	Andy had a sack pulled over his head and was pushed to the floor .
tr	11	Wells had to concede that he did see .
tr	9	But then Simon had inherited his tall athletic build , blonde hair with blue eyes from his father .
tr	9	The moment she touched him he was awake .
tr	10	He frowned and swirled his finger through the water , sending out little waves that suddenly steamed .
tr	8	" And I would like that , " she said , looking directly into his eyes .
tr	9	The man took a bullet in the head and he guessed he owed me .
tr	8	Still she held on , the throbbing of her veins a mirror of my sorrow .
tr	7	But that Minotaur was very familiar to me .
tr	8	Daniel stopped for a second , " This is your first time ? "
tr	6	" Or take me down with you ! "
tr	7	Making my fighting technique less like a technique and more like instantaneous reactions .
tr	11	Claire watched her departure for a few moments , taken aback by the sudden change of speed .
tr	7	" I added this symbol here , " she pointed to Echo 's chest , just below her left collar bone .
tr	10	After my team and I failed to stop it . "
tr	11	" You have to work on staying on your feet though . "
tr	10	They now could only hear the voice of Black Scorpion as he talked with the Devil Spirit .
tr	5	With that she ran out the door .
tr	8	We swamped the new big box stores and gorged on the low priced imports .
tr	6	What was he even doing here ?
tr	6	Despite the cool tiled floor and the darkened shutters , the heat was fierce .
tr	7	I decided on a more direct approach .
tr	11	She is everything I wanted in a daughter and more .
tr	6	I almost spat the words out but held my tongue .
tr	6	I holstered the Glock , unsheathed the swords and moved .
tr	8	" That 's a long sad story , not worth the telling , " answered Anderson .
tr	8	Wonder what they use for fuel . "
tr	10	Rift states more than asks , noting the distance between himself and the central gazebo on this side .
tr	6	* * * * * Adam sat in his leather chair in his living room .
tr	7	Jeff heard the knuckles on the door , " Thanks for the heads up .
tr	10	What happens when you look in the mirror ? "
tr	10	Manuel stopped , not knowing what to do .
tr	9	" I just didn 't want you to go all alone . "
tr	11	Taylor had planned to get airborne by the first morning sunlight and he was well within his schedule .
tr	8	Last time we were there everything went sideways . "
tr	11	she replied shrilly , " They just waited for him to come back !
tr	11	I said , " Good , All Stop ... let 's get this mess sorted out .
tr	9	" What are you going to do now ? "
tr	5	" But , the highest structure is a mountain . "
tr	11	He grabbed his water , turned to me and said " Bottoms up . "
tr	9	He had his eyes half closed , muttering to himself and counting on his fingers .
tr	6	One day the older braves in the village would get all the young braves together .
tr	9	The first German was standing in her doorway , looking at her .
tr	8	Abby smiled , " I didn 't think so .
tr	9	He would have to be the first .
tr	6	For days the riotous festivities escalated , through the day , into the night , beyond the rising sun .
tr	8	No response ... " What 's wrong , cat got your tongue ? "
tr	11	Except for the part about being lied to , David thought with growing anger .
tr	7	Angela looked at Thomas for support but , he was just as stunned .
tr	9	No one had spoken since they set out .
tr	7	But her jeans were skin tight , and the Lycra and cotton blend tank top left little to the imagination .
tr	8	I paused , eyes locked onto the coat .
tr	10	Even knowing every man in his unit when he was a company commander was hard enough .
tr	6	The bullet wasn 't in too far .
tr	6	With a clang , Warrior drops the cables , stands and lifts her head .
tr	8	" I 'll be right back , " Lilly Ann said skipping out of the room .
tr	10	" Okay , we 're gon na trot now , " she hollered back over her shoulder .
tr	11	He ran under large oak trees that lined the path with high canopies .
tr	5	" Royal blood or no , you 're still only a simple priestess ! "
tr	9	His mind was filled with many things that he , himself cannot explain .
tr	8	His eyes meet mine then flick away .
tr	9	It was time to get out .
tr	10	She pointed to the place in the corner of the room where he had woken .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , only fifteen , not even sixteen . "
tr	11	Mac had to concentrate on setting things right .
tr	10	This guy 's going to rip me to pieces !
tr	11	Shara literally danced with excitement , rising on his hind legs to see more clearly .
tr	9	They were still the most attractive people she had ever seen .
tr	9	I closed my hands over the back of hers and lifting them gently .
tr	11	Cloning makes it sound like we 're just copying something .
tr	9	I never stopped running , until I ran into you .
tr	11	A bare second later , both head and body began to decompose , creating a stench that was truly horrific .
tr	8	Don 't worry about me , " he said in a low , controlled tone .
tr	10	" See that you stay close to Finan and Rand . "
tr	10	" I thought they didn 't go in after him ? "
tr	6	" You sure about all this ? "
tr	6	" I would , but I cannot , " he answered , his smile vanishing .
tr	8	But the Shaykh pretends not to notice my sarcasm .
tr	11	She could endure a situation like this with a coolness impossible to a civilized person .
tr	11	It would take a while to sift through , but that wasn 't her concern .
tr	9	I only had my two feet to aid me , and the trip was taking longer than expected .
tr	7	The shark eventually swam away and Simon and his father slowly and quietly made their way back to the beach .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " the man said , " we 'll find the guy . "
tr	8	" This wasn 't the best of beginnings , I can tell you . "
tr	11	My grandfather would have thought he dreamed it all .
tr	11	The female agent assured Josie he was still on the plane , and offered her lunch .
tr	7	" Take me to him , " she demanded .
tr	10	I 'll bring everything we 'll need .
tr	10	Except he tried to kill me .
tr	7	Gabe picks up his burger and resumes eating .
tr	11	Danny asked Mark who 'd wisely returned his attention to his newspaper .
tr	5	' How many men have you got ? '
tr	5	Just then my friends , their beaux , and Nash opened the gymnasium doors .
tr	6	He tried the other direction and got the same result .
tr	6	" Get the information from your girlfriend .
tr	7	A distant roar of thunder and a tremor beneath their feet brought the amazement of their reunion to an end .
tr	8	I guess it happened pretty often .
tr	11	There are families who will be beside themselves with grief .
tr	10	Hank was meanwhile off in dreamland back in camp .
tr	7	He pulled back his main drawer and reached deep inside with a trembling hand .
tr	9	Cobble continued while pointing off towards the woods .
tr	7	" What happened to our vision ?
tr	7	" I don 't like this place , " he asserts , shuddering briefly .
tr	7	An hour later , the news came through to Ryan 's phone .
tr	10	" It was Claire who came to me in the first place .
tr	10	" You might snore for all I know .
tr	9	" Ho , ho there , " he could hear the driver saying to the horse .
tr	9	Do you want it ? "
tr	11	I will send a team chopper in once the vehicles are dealt with .
tr	11	He 'd brought with him ten other people , five of them able-bodied men and the rest women and children .
tr	8	I knew today was a good day .
tr	9	When he heard the coyote emit a low , throaty growl he looked up to see Sidney stop .
tr	8	" You up for the fiver or the tenner this afternoon ? "
tr	7	" Come over , Elaina , into the light . "
tr	9	The boss flew into his assistant 's office where an urgent meeting was being held .
tr	10	" Why don 't you just go in while they 're gone and take them ? "
tr	6	Now robed , we stood in the passageway .
tr	7	Ted opened the basement door and went down the stairs with Melody following close behind .
tr	9	The red is dropping out of Gabe 's face but stays in his cheeks .
tr	8	The Sergeant Major , seated to Destro 's right , handed him a sheet of paper .
tr	5	The whole place looked alive and festive .
tr	8	The deafening noise was even louder within the confines of this underground location .
tr	10	I wish I had told her that .
tr	11	I think I actually got six hours sleep last night . "
tr	8	Maybe he would be deported but to where ?
tr	7	He adamantly refused , got angry with her , saw it as a personal attack .
tr	9	" I 'll trade you some candy from my country . "
tr	11	" See , I knew it didn 't hit an artery . "
tr	9	" I told Stalin that you were back here , " Gabriel clipped .
tr	8	For some reason , the military was like an incubator for relationships .
tr	6	And then , due to some incredible strategizing , bravery , and teamwork , you would save Cindy and myself .
tr	6	" So , how 'd it go ? "
tr	9	So ever so slowly I let air escape out the side of my mouth .
tr	8	She was carrying a printout of the map from the drawing , very much enlarged .
tr	9	" Josie , we need to really rethink this , " Jimmy said .
tr	9	His father was right behind her , struggling to keep up .
tr	8	" You want to know one more thing ?
tr	6	" Yes , sea bird , but , " he was interrupted again .
tr	6	He grabbed the bottle and refilled the glasses all around .
tr	6	Gema strode off down Gloucester Place .
tr	11	" And where is that ?
tr	8	She left me open-mouthed and she left me for good , breaking away .
tr	5	This done , the two combatants strode forward .
tr	11	" I mean to see what 's happening .
tr	7	The tree line on their right suddenly disappeared and an open , empty area faded off into the darkness .
tr	10	" Still feeling up to a trip out of the castle today ? "
tr	10	" It seems that you have forgot to knock , young Missy . "
tr	8	' You think this " A " person is there as well ? '
tr	5	" I can 't breathe !
tr	8	" And we don 't want them involved , " Theodosia said , frowning .
tr	10	Simon had spent most of his life moving every 6 months .
tr	8	She insisted on obtaining her own provisions .
tr	9	They appeared to be in a heated discussion .
tr	10	My humble place was big enough for all of us in here . "
tr	6	Down to every detailed sticker he inspected the robot , his eyes and mouth wide in disbelief .
tr	10	I help you , if you need me , boy . "
tr	10	There doesn 't seem to be much going on . "
tr	6	" You look quite a sight , " I commented dryly .
tr	11	" Deal with that when we get to it , " he thought , " there 's no other way . "
tr	9	How dare you creep up on me in that fashion !
tr	9	She will make you suffer for your crimes against us ! "
tr	7	As his head broke the surface , an angry voice assaulted him , " Richard Williamson !
tr	6	But last night had been awful .
tr	8	he roared , punching the flaming ninja with all his might .
tr	8	We were already doing one hundred and twenty miles per hour .
tr	11	When I removed the gag , he told me that pirates had captured them a week ago .
tr	8	I 'm sort of invisible to them , " Ted said .
tr	7	It was cold in the little cottage .
tr	7	Eva , you 've met Simon before .
tr	8	" You can 't run away from cancer , " she said , her voice alien and weak .
tr	11	My father wanted to fill it in but he never did .
tr	11	- Would you mind to spend it with my friends and me ?
tr	9	The hair on the back of Josie 's neck was up .
tr	9	She woke in the morning not quite sure where she was for a moment .
tr	11	' What if they don 't sell enough to cover costs ? '
tr	8	Of course why would they ?
tr	9	" Well , I suppose I could analyze the bigger questions here . "
tr	7	I looked up into Reid 's blank stare .
tr	9	He smiled grimly his face turning hard .
tr	7	He pressed his fingers to his temples , mustering all his willpower .
tr	10	" I think we will stop here for a short time .
tr	9	They drove to where the cases were hidden .
tr	8	Sarah 's first shot hit the body and the second one missed entirely .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	10	" Although I was expecting more of a warm welcome . "
tr	10	She wore a beautiful cornflower blue dress that falls down to her feet .
tr	10	You will meet him right outside the entrance to the city next to the security check point .
tr	5	" A little confused , perhaps a little wary , clearly a little apprehensive . "
tr	8	" Well , let 's get on with it .
tr	11	She had no idea why she was now standing alongside her bed .
tr	6	A few curious faces appeared in an open doorway to the left .
tr	9	She is always making me up free food from the kitchen .
tr	10	Heavy weapons designed for use mounted on vehicles had been an early choice .
tr	11	I lost my breath as I frantically searched with my feat for any type of purchase .
tr	7	Adele 's eyes were generally wide , but at this confidence they almost doubled in size .
tr	7	Sarah wiped her tears away with her fingers and took a deep breath .
tr	9	I said as I pulled myself up in the doorway .
tr	5	Or maybe just common values and friendship , yes , maybe that 's it .
tr	7	The woman 's face had filled with doubt at his words .
tr	8	Everyone from my family gathers up at the youngest , our family 's house .
tr	7	" But Zoe , Laura has you , and a father , and she already has grandparents .
tr	9	We struggled , pushing and shoving , rolling in the dirt .
tr	7	The combination of meticulously combed hair , high forehead and expensive shirt gives him a casual air of arrogance and luxury .
tr	9	" Do you think Vivien and him were working together ? "
tr	6	" The police were suspicious , but it 's a winding road .
tr	8	Behind him , Ted could hear Joe 's feet pounding the pavement .
tr	6	" Welcome back , " Benny declared , " Now come on , we need a car . "
tr	8	Although the room was a large space , it felt enclosed and difficult to manoeuvre .
tr	9	But by then , Chris knew they had done their job .
tr	6	" You really can fix this ! "
tr	8	My head propped up by the roots of a big tree at the inner edge of an enclosing forest .
tr	11	There were eight now and they could afford to lose one to a meal .
tr	5	Outside the Crouch End police station , Tottenham Lane was a small dead river .
tr	10	You tried to kill me father , but you failed !
tr	7	" You have 8 CPUs idle .
tr	8	As soon as she banished it , she 'd thrown up .
tr	9	He swore to quit -- after this bottle .
tr	6	" Signor Beppe , how did you determine the time ? "
tr	9	Right now , there was no longer time to waste , she could feel it .
tr	6	She 'll be fine . "
tr	6	He now knows about Brenner , Downer and Dick .
tr	9	" She is not capable of infiltrating your organization . "
tr	10	She shrugged as he moved to her side and leaned against her chair .
tr	7	Dozens of black-clad figures left their posts on the grounds and hurried towards the mansion .
tr	8	We discussed the summer 's cricket some more as the drizzle hit the windows .
tr	9	The rows of corn were long and stretched away to the woods at the end of the field .
tr	10	" You need to explain this to me again , " Pablo sighed seriously .
tr	6	" You will be fine Roberto .
tr	11	" Did you get the dosages worked out ?
tr	9	I didn 't mind -- I only needed one hand to choke the little witch .
tr	11	She knew many secrets of the city she never told the others .
tr	11	He 'd told her countless times in jest that she could sleep through an earthquake .
tr	7	The rest were hidden underground thanks to a Ferris wheel style elevator .
tr	8	" Because that 's what they were designed to do . "
tr	7	Without saying another word , the two guides pulled on their thick coats and left .
tr	11	Jake has to replace it whether he wants to or not .
tr	6	Chapter Sixteen Finan gazed out into the mist .
tr	6	" Your Majesty -- " He held up a hand .
tr	9	" You seriously want to go to that school ? " "
tr	10	He stopped and sighed , obviously thinking something along the lines of , " ?
tr	10	And I knew how to get past that .
tr	8	I will put this on myself . "
tr	11	" Let 's stop talking about it and go test it out . "
tr	10	" I don 't care if you have a solution or not ; just start sending metal their way .
tr	7	Other fans were visible beneath it .
tr	10	Never knowing if you 're even coming home . "
tr	9	" Yes , but he would most likely have run out of gas and crashed into the ocean anyway .
tr	10	Beck , that was working in the ticket booth said .
tr	7	He took the scissors , cut straight up her ripped shirt and bra , and then cut the straps off .
tr	9	Right now the only thing that is important is getting you all out of here , so you can live . "
tr	10	" Johnny , do you know what twins are ? "
tr	6	" What is this all about ? "
tr	8	Gently , easily and happily they lie together in their most sacred of places and intertwine in each other 's arms .
tr	9	Olmec presently returned alone ; behind his a muffled groaning issued from the chamber .
tr	9	He 'd have to go alone .
tr	8	What I was feeling in that moment ?
tr	10	Hope you don 't hold it against us , " said the man apologetically .
tr	8	" So , where do you boys think your friends are now ? "
tr	10	I wove in and out of the trees , cutting zigzag lines to throw off the invisible shooter .
tr	8	They quickly walked down into the bowels of the dam .
tr	10	We 've been here over forty hours and it looks as though nothing 's going on .
tr	10	You know anything unusual happens on the Rump , I wan na hear about it . "
tr	10	Without the JP , we 'd be cold , hungry , and worried about raving crazies killing us and our families .
tr	7	Little by little , our forces dwindled .
tr	6	I mean , it 's just a trial run , you know ?
tr	10	What you 're willing to do .
tr	8	He turned and went into the office leaving the trio alone .
tr	7	On its deck were various large engines and generators , concrete mixers , pumps and hoses .
tr	9	" That 's Bailey 's Ride isn 't it ? "
tr	8	Let go of my arm , would you ? "
tr	10	He knew professional men who fought on a regular basis .
tr	11	I said that I will bring you to a special place to dinner . "
tr	6	" Your friends got happy-go-lucky green riders and you got the basket case . "
tr	7	On the other hand she was probably patiently awaiting his return -- after all , he was only one day late .
tr	6	" It is General , my man is ready . "
tr	8	" Listen , " she starts , kneeling down to their level .
tr	11	It 's just a suggestion , if I 'm out of line just say so . "
tr	10	I 'm sorry I didn 't make the connection .
tr	8	" That 's why I bought a little insurance . "
tr	8	" Right , " Rift nods , though he remains unconvinced .
tr	9	I will be interested if you have any new information .
tr	9	The blonde man wore an expensive pinstriped suit and a pair of well polished leather shoes .
tr	8	But that 's why they need help ! "
tr	10	It would have taken Stephanie only a minute to entice Lucifer . "
tr	7	The harpy took the presents , and very pleased with herself , left the room .
tr	9	I guess I wasn 't the only one with a dysfunctional family .
tr	6	" Ho young man , " came the call .
tr	10	As the cell phone kept ringing , Gabriel pulled the phone away from his ear to check the time .
tr	8	It was hidden on a cryptic , black forest and was calling for her .
tr	8	The impact loosened his grip on the shotgun and it fell out of his hands a few feet away .
tr	11	" I used to think he forgot me .
tr	7	The squad was led by a Lieutenant .
tr	10	When his Goddess fails to respond right away , his heart is filled with dread .
tr	7	He wiggles out of his pack and hands the strap down to me , over Trick 's head .
tr	7	he slipped down the stairs as quietly as she could .
tr	5	PART II Chapter 5 Hudson Present Day " A million dollars , dude .
tr	11	The car was warm and the old man was glad to be back in it .
tr	11	The crawler was a piece of software that analyzed historical signal traffic and looked for patterns .
tr	10	An overhead slash bounces off his crossed gauntlets before instantly spinning three hundred sixty degrees , knocking his arms apart .
tr	9	She did so and right away we found a link to a website .
tr	8	It was something moving through the woods very fast .
tr	9	Maria shifted her attention to getting herself ready .
tr	8	She had one more thing to check ... She clicked on her desktop .
tr	11	In turn it eventually made him furious that his mum was taken away so early .
tr	8	I pushed the chairs down increasing Sheena 's clumsiness in the commotion .
tr	10	She 'll probably even be wearing a t-shirt with my face on it .
tr	9	On the wall above the entrance shone many different coloured stars , which seemed as big as the sun .
tr	10	" First thing we have to do is get you registered .
tr	9	When I " rescued " her and carried her away in my arms , I explained as best I could .
tr	6	Every day his father plunged his hand into the stone mailbox and extracted bills , magazines , junk coupon circulars .
tr	7	He turned to Joshua and motioned him forward from the rear .
tr	6	The peaceful strains stirred the late evening air like the slow river current .
tr	7	With a supreme effort of will he let out a cry and dropped the dagger .
tr	11	It 's probably time I came to a decision about Carl and his stupid assignment .
tr	11	He knew I was due to arrive .
tr	7	" Zebra , water buffalo , and elephants roam freely on the property , " he explained .
tr	10	' Wan na make yourself useful Austin ? '
tr	6	As the power departed , he felt his pain leaving , his fear retreating , and his shattered nerves rebuilding .
tr	7	Joe wielded the board like a broadsword , but the zombie skaters seemed thoroughly unimpressed .
tr	7	They passed a door , and the baby 's cries intensified at their nearness to the source .
tr	10	They 're smug and they always look like they 're up to something . '
tr	9	I tried not to think about it .
tr	6	He was also a good man and the crew respected him .
tr	8	" You 've had a pleasant night 's rest , I take it ? "
tr	8	There is nothing ahead of me except Grand 's blood .
tr	10	And Sophia decided to break off all contact with him forever .
tr	11	You seem too intelligent to be rattled by all this . "
tr	8	Shaking his head , he continued to peruse the writing .
tr	11	Using their free hand , they were now able to strike blows using their fists and elbows .
tr	5	' Well , at least , seven years ago it did . '
tr	6	Sofia slit her finger with a pointy rock on her side .
tr	9	We 're going to Ripe BM in McLean Virginia . "
tr	8	They nodded as they were introduced .
tr	8	The King roared , throwing his sword at her .
tr	7	She tapped on the window and he looked up .
tr	9	It was beginning to cool down . "
tr	10	I for one find it hard to even imagine .
tr	8	It felt hard to breathe .
tr	5	" In my room , by the bed , " Tori said .
tr	7	My eyes tracked downwards and noticed the room 's multiple occupants for the first time .
tr	7	He traveled , or used to .
tr	7	Moments later , we neared the innermost depths of the island .
tr	5	Chapter Three Angel Rule # 3 : Remain calm and gracious , even under pressure .
tr	8	As the footsteps grew closer , they slowed to a stop near our door .
tr	8	When she ran out of words , he said calmly , " Boys need a firm hand .
tr	7	While he poured the sparkling , clean water , she watched his every movement .
tr	10	They would need a brief respite as the rest of the journey would prove much more difficult .
tr	8	" Don 't worry , " John said , pulling on his jeans .
tr	8	Hailey backed further without concern for her own safety .
tr	10	I have no idea what treasures or secrets he had in there .
tr	6	The cheap plastic melted , all the little components inside bubbled and the hard drive turned all black and warped . "
tr	10	" Let 's find our host and be rid of this city . "
tr	9	And the men of Merkel 's company , usually eager to fire on the invaders , stood and watched .
tr	8	She had a sudden mental flash of a wasp landing on her arm on a bright sunny day .
tr	6	They helped her into the long boat .
tr	9	He was standing over her , reaching for her shoulder .
tr	10	For now you have some technology to share with us . "
tr	8	She kneeled , put one hand on its hindquarters , and pulled on the arrow with the other hand .
tr	9	We raced the man bringing orders for your death .
tr	8	The boys and ' dad ' sat down to a cup of tea with only themselves for company .
tr	7	Eyes widening , she turned to the keyboard and started to type quickly .
tr	8	Claire breathed in the morning air , and watched the puff of cloud as she exhaled .
tr	7	He took a kerchief , put it over my head and tied it under my chin .
tr	7	" I can 't take them , " he said .
tr	7	' The fight with Crawley took it out of you , didn 't it , Chief ? '
tr	11	There were no more communications until the shuttle was docked with the Russian satellite .
tr	6	" Wait a minute ... " Tori started and touched the path .
tr	6	" What must he never know ? "
tr	7	" Are you awake , Master ? "
tr	8	Turning to Haskins , he said , " Sounds to me like you have a court problem .
tr	8	She needed to blow off some steam .
tr	11	Do you like to dance ? "
tr	8	He looked up , his frantic gaze finally falling on me .
tr	9	Whether the Chief of Staff is a friend of his , I don 't know .
tr	8	She crossed to her bed and took the comb out from under her pillow .
tr	7	Sure 'n ye know we miss you . "
tr	8	I think I 'd win , too .
tr	6	Without warning , and from an unknown direction , two silent bullets punctured the vat just above our heads .
tr	10	asked Beppe , glancing at Simon to convey a silent message .
tr	11	As the boy is sent into the air from the blast , Link decides to intervene .
tr	9	Dickie got her a chair and helped her sit down .
tr	7	" All right then , " Donovan said , collecting her empty plate .
tr	6	" So , the man with the stone heart still lives ?
tr	7	The co-pilot above him pushes a button , reeling Jay and the cage back up to the helicopter .
tr	9	The Jag was doing ninety miles per hour when we hit the road .
tr	11	Ethan understood that and planned to make the most of those tools .
tr	8	The surface of the chosen landing site was clear of large rocks or other debris .
tr	7	Nearby , dozens of horses milled about happily absorbed in their leisure .
tr	9	" That is NOT what happened , " Jason cries out angrily .
tr	9	" I don 't think anything 's broken - maybe just bruised .
tr	8	As soon as they touched him , the blinding pain sent him into merciful blackness .
tr	6	" Just the little brat runnin ' off at the mouth is all . "
tr	9	At the end of the passage was a brightly lit archway framed by a pair of thick , velvet curtains .
tr	6	The driver of the Skoda frowned and changed gears again .
tr	6	More often now her mother didn 't even know she was there .
tr	9	What had made him worry ?
tr	7	It was all so surreal , the storm lashing around them , pulsating drums and straining guitars screamed through the earbuds .
tr	9	A coin lay at his feet , and he bent to pick it up .
tr	6	The wind blow its breeze from an open window pane just beside it .
tr	8	I swung back and forth , dangling from a wire .
tr	6	And that means questions , big life and death questions .
tr	9	Scales of red were glimmering on her hands even on the corners of her face .
tr	10	' Mr. Robinson ' definitely knew how to get under his skin .
tr	6	Behind the church , and bordered by a rusty chain-link fence , was the old graveyard .
tr	10	He said , " Maybe you 'd like to reconsider ? "
tr	5	The policemen , the dwarves , Gumshoe , and Shotgun gave him the stare .
tr	10	Rough hands grabbed at me until I was pushed into the car .
tr	11	" We should have tried to get everyone out of the park last night . "
tr	10	" Okay , " I said , grabbing my mug and taking a quick gulp of my own lukewarm beverage .
tr	8	The hair on the back of his neck , on his arms stood on end .
tr	6	The makeshift cr che is in another converted stable , right next to the school .
tr	9	The air was so still that not a sound could be heard .
tr	10	Church believed distillation was one of its secrets .
tr	5	" Why , in the Colonies , a man 's birth isn 't nearly so important . "
tr	10	The tall man bowed to Neil and went to kiss his wife 's cheek .
tr	10	I would think they used a sword or a machete , something pretty big anyway and very sharp .
tr	10	He paused to take a gulp of beer .
tr	8	He had followed Jimmy and Josie inside , and watched over them .
tr	6	" It 's not even a stop , " I said , relaxing .
tr	9	He said she was brave but she was not .
tr	11	Opening his eyes , Chris turned to look and saw it was as he expected .
tr	11	You must have left it on where you were swimming . "
tr	9	They talked only a little as Mike took in his new surroundings .
tr	11	I think it must be out of our range . '
tr	7	You have done a fine job to this point .
tr	11	I guess I could go back to the hostel now , and figure it out tomorrow .
tr	5	It 's a long hike . "
tr	7	He hasn 't been feeling well .
tr	6	Slowly , painfully , he said , " That can 't be our only option . "
tr	9	All of time , all of France froze in that instant .
tr	10	Catching one meant we could learn more about them .
tr	8	Jason turns to Aria and delivers a stiff salute his face serious and intense .
tr	9	I hate talking to the cops -- they make me feel dirty .
tr	10	After a couple of hours she was hitting ten or twelve out of the round of twenty five .
tr	11	" Actually , " said Nathan , " I believe he has already .
tr	10	The rest would have to find something on the mainland .
tr	10	So many things to see in life .
tr	9	With Amy away revising and Calvin out running he relaxed close to sleep .
tr	11	A message came in on John 's radio that disturbed him from his deep thoughts .
tr	7	VIN and Sergeant Bradley reached the office within seconds ; the enemy had not fired a shot .
tr	5	At night , right now , it is massive and black and mysterious .
tr	9	Do we want that ? "
tr	11	Logos that was what it was ; the very same force he felt in the primal scene .
tr	7	It took a while , but two of the three lights turned green .
tr	5	" At least the door is open now . "
tr	5	" The truth is , you 're my strength .
tr	6	" Eda will be ... I should ... goodbye ! "
tr	8	' Will he try to kill you again ? '
tr	9	The wife offered a perfunctory greeting to Gema and a limp handshake .
tr	10	The woman 's halting breath continued to heave as she explained .
tr	9	" Whoever 's out there , step up where I can see you . "
tr	8	He never felt nervous just a feeling of anticipation ... ... .
tr	11	" However only you know if it fits his actions in following you . "
tr	10	The clerk didn 't need to know why .
tr	9	First it was the voice of my grandfather , now it 's my voice . "
tr	9	I 'll bring her something new back from the market in Cochabamba when I come . "
tr	5	With another primal scream , Jake launched his attack .
tr	5	Despite his apparent calm poise , the edge was still there .
tr	6	" But still , it 's a hard punishment and she is still a child .
tr	5	Very slowly , still spinning , the front wheel rose off the ground .
tr	6	One day , out of sheer boredom , I painted a mural on the wall behind the counter .
tr	8	He shuddered despite the uncomfortable heat of his suit .
tr	5	" Oddly enough , my maternal grandmother is also a practicing witch . "
tr	7	" Hmm , if only you 'll dance with me . "
tr	10	" There isn 't a whole lot to go on , is there ? "
tr	8	She smiled playfully as she rubbed her eyes .
tr	11	I 'm going to bleed to death eventually , " Rick joked .
tr	10	I heard the crack of the bullet before it hit the ground next to us .
tr	5	" But what is that image ? "
tr	6	Mr. C and my dangerous surroundings seemed like a mere glance in the distance .
tr	6	" Anyway , I got a text message this morning on the secure line .
tr	8	Raphael looked too scared to respond .
tr	11	Noah turned to see where the Cat was going .
tr	7	" Sir , " said Carter , " let me be clear .
tr	11	" I wish they 'd quit doing that . "
tr	7	" We 've imputed the code , but it hasn 't worked . "
tr	9	' Well you had better send them on over then ' I told him .
tr	11	Could any soul be so twisted and false that it would create a such a place ?
tr	6	Why didn 't I memorize some cool spy lingo ?
tr	11	' I didn 't know we were looking at ze wrong seed . '
tr	7	" You , however , are not a member of the royal family .
tr	5	The phrase ' cold as hell ' suddenly had a new meaning .
tr	9	" It 's time to take a stand .
tr	7	When the crew finishes the morning chores , I will take you to Port Royal .
tr	10	Who said 11 year-olds can 't do that ? "
tr	10	But God succeeded in warning Noah about the disaster .
tr	9	An ' I canna say I don ' deserve it . "
tr	8	It sounds good , doesn 't it ? "
tr	7	Only one scouting party had given them any trouble , fairly well organized and alert .
tr	7	That felt like a century ago .
tr	5	' Up and down , up and down , ' said the Bursar . '
tr	6	Quite obviously the memory crystals fit into the slots .
tr	11	As I was a link to his life as a spy , he could no longer visit me .
tr	6	From outside time , I looked into it with my brethren .
tr	11	Then I had to come here to forget Dallas .
tr	6	The frames around his eyes glinted under a spotlight .
tr	6	' That 's not good , ' said Reid finally .
tr	7	He walked to his grand cabin and plopped down in his chair .
tr	6	Then the boys saw it from the side , then below and then above .
tr	10	He also thought he should consult with Mr. Clancy .
tr	9	The metal was like none Muhammad had ever touched before .
tr	6	He jogged up the walkway , buzzed the front door bell , rapped his knuckles , and buzzed again .
tr	10	" Why did we wait this long to start helping ? "
tr	10	He was trying to do this without success .
tr	7	I looked over , gauging his mood .
tr	8	" Got a problem here George , she 's in the flat but we 're vulnerable here .
tr	9	This is gon na sound weird .
tr	8	Still , I could not quieten the feeling of dread in my gut .
tr	9	Play a song of fear ... a song of horrors and dark times .
tr	7	Though , I will say Grand Junction is a bit out of the way . "
tr	7	John pushed his eggs around with his fork and did not look up .
tr	7	Shortly Thereafter General Burleson , upon hearing a knock on his door , called out loudly , " Enter ! "
tr	10	Jason activates his HUD while turning to hug his wife .
tr	9	I need to talk to you . "
tr	9	I might have what you need , " Ted offered .
tr	8	One looked like Franks , the other 's face was gone .
tr	9	The big man 's breathing was labored , but he was attempting to speak .
tr	11	Hannah and Jenny used to go to the same class as me .
tr	8	There was another answering rumble .
tr	9	" But ... how can you eat one of Santa 's reindeer ? "
tr	5	Fat , thin , short hair , no hair , zits or warts or scars .
tr	8	" Oh , do say you will , " Theodosia said eagerly .
tr	10	Driving the Champion back to HQ he was a happy man , at least she hadn 't said no .
tr	6	All the best , Lilian Darcy CHAPTER ONE May , 2014 " You 're still holding that photo ? "
tr	11	His parents used to ask for the books for Christmas . "
tr	7	Like I said , you are here because of me and of Mara .
tr	10	said Ben unable to hold back his curiosity .
tr	11	I had to quit reacting to him .
tr	10	His mood however came crushing down at the first thought of his legs .
tr	8	When Pierre looked at him , Roberto scowled .
tr	8	You should get some rest before you leave . '
tr	11	" Do you think that would work ? "
tr	9	" After they collected me yesterday they said training was being suspended .
tr	9	" Welcome to the Ares , " he said expansively as the two inner doors swung out of their way .
tr	9	You could 've gotten yourself killed .
tr	8	He couldn 't have gotten to her .
tr	10	She didn 't like to think about that .
tr	11	Each had three masts rigged with sail and heavy tackle and supplies , ready for trade to new destinations .
tr	10	We 've come this far together , " Mai pleads , sounding as comforting as she 's able .
tr	6	For the SAS only ten percent actually qualify , the final test is called The Endurance .
tr	7	Hartman moves to the bench and begins gathering tools in his mechanical hands .
tr	8	" If we leave , people we care about die . "
tr	7	After regaining his concentration , he kicked in the door and leaped into the apartment .
tr	11	It opened into another , smaller gallery that encircled a large chamber .
tr	10	Now you need to let go of it too .
tr	6	Dirty , and stinking , and empty all the time .
tr	9	" Go back to bed at once , " she snapped at Nelly .
tr	6	Turning , twisting , contorting into something else entirely .
tr	6	" Search the other offices , " he whispered into the microphone .
tr	10	I have an administrative issue to attend to , then I can give you my full attention . "
tr	10	" You have asked for an answer and I have given it : a firm , resounding ' No . '
tr	10	Standing up , he took a moment to take in his surroundings .
tr	7	" Maybe we could catch the dog , " she said with no conviction .
tr	9	They ate some dried meat and drank some water .
tr	7	The bright smile , the cheerful blue eyes , the quick squeeze of his hand -- they could not bury that .
tr	10	She winced once , and the Prince saw her grab her side , and he felt a moment of triumph .
tr	7	" I can 't see anything , " he answered .
tr	7	What would they want with my mom ?
tr	10	" That sounds wonderful , " the woman gasps , eager to accept the offer .
tr	5	" Okay , just a foot , okay , " she answered excitedly .
tr	11	" It 's got some pups , and ah man they are cute . "
tr	10	" Sire , they haven 't killed you yet because they hadn 't killed your brother . "
tr	7	" Signor Beppe , the European was outside the house last night for approximately 25-30 minutes ! "
tr	8	But I am here on behalf of another .
tr	6	" Looks like Destro 's calling out all the big guns .
tr	9	Everyone watched as she finished and approached Elaina .
tr	9	Her first reaction had been to call someone .
tr	7	When she was high enough , she planted a foot on one rock and launched herself behind the other .
tr	10	What 's been done to secure the palace ? "
tr	7	" Anyway , if your project wins first place , I can give you plus 15 in the exam .
tr	11	The tourists in the room jumped as the fire alarm suddenly came to deafening life .
tr	6	I tuck my hands protectively into my body .
tr	7	That way if there is a problem I can deal with it now .
tr	11	I am unsure how I may be of help through your trials .
tr	10	A man who will not bed his wife but will let another have her .
tr	5	Because sound , sight and gore only get you so far .
tr	7	" I have contacts , and I 've learned a significant amount myself , through doing the blog .
tr	7	It was not his forte , but it fueled his fantasy for space exploration .
tr	8	" I won 't talk to you , " he said , incensed .
tr	9	Why didn 't you say anything over the phone ! "
tr	5	A mother or father , brother or sister , friend or lover ?
tr	7	My mind kept slipping back though .
tr	10	" If that 's how you want it , then so be it .
tr	9	Kurt would face his death with eyes open .
tr	5	Upon hearing footsteps , his mother turned and smiled .
tr	11	" Something tells me that tale will include a lot of swearing . "
tr	5	" So how then ? "
tr	10	said Phillip and I secretly knew I liked him best but we could never be roomies .
tr	9	Chris guessed he had about thirty seconds left .
tr	5	Like airplane freebies , without the glamorous destination to look forward to .
tr	7	" Come , I will show you to your cabin . "
tr	5	" Bye " , Abby said very white .
tr	6	So are Will 's , and Jessie 's , and even Henry 's and Charlotte 's .
tr	8	We all screamed for help and no one came , " he declares , quickly growing emotional .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	11	Shouldn 't be a problem though , after all they 're all in this together !
tr	10	Of course , it would certainly be large enough to host us .
tr	9	" It will be more difficult for other patrols to get out now . "
tr	8	Reid interrupted the sombre hush that followed .
tr	11	They appeared as lost warriors who turned into rock , long ago .
tr	8	Maybe you 're e together with that Laurence ... I 'm not making love stories . "
tr	8	Jack was the last one left alive .
tr	9	He would whisper about his life and future with her , sharing his heart , and she would do the same .
tr	10	What we were about to do .
tr	11	The Prince rubbed his head , which was still feeling a little fuzzy .
tr	9	Usually he was so tired from riding and playing tennis that he slept soundly all night , and barely stirred .
tr	11	There was a lot she could do with a week .
tr	8	Out of the corner of her eye , she noticed a yellow indicator flashing on her monitor .
tr	11	" I 'll have to think about that , Margaret .
tr	8	Josie reached around Jimmy and handed him a bottle of water .
tr	8	" I know nothing about this , " he stated each word slowly and clearly .
tr	6	He smells like soap and shampoo .
tr	5	A night melody of dark promises , one moment beckoning , the next rejecting .
tr	9	During the last few hours Simon managed to get some sleep and had some of the special meals .
tr	9	It was sweet love indeed .
tr	6	" But I wouldn 't ... I wouldn 't ... " " But you will .
tr	10	" She only did what ze Sorcerer made her do . "
tr	11	" He jumped me while I tried to get the other rider .
tr	7	he was running , she could hear his boots on the stones .
tr	8	' Perhaps a visit to your office might be in order ' she suggested , and left it at that .
tr	9	Got a James K. Polk recently handed to me as change .
tr	11	The rope splintered and Kurt dropped squarely on his feet , the noose hanging comically behind him .
tr	11	We thought he was going to explode . "
tr	10	Hailey was not quite ready to talk about her dreams .
tr	8	Finally , after she brandished a green parasol triumphantly in his face , he abandoned her and escaped to the kitchen .
tr	6	" Turns out , that 's not entirely accurate . "
tr	10	Two messed up women that drive themselves over a cliff . "
tr	9	Ben here is much better than I am , and I , I ... have real doubts about myself .
tr	6	" It is so exciting , Mother , " Maggie returned .
tr	11	It was as strange a notion to Layla as when she 'd first read about it .
tr	7	" I must speak to Lady Adele alone , Eda . "
tr	10	They were at the mouth of the cave in minutes .
tr	6	His patience , never very lasting , was wearing increasingly thin .
tr	10	I laughed at the way she ran them together .
tr	6	So she named me Gabriel . "
tr	7	" Talk about long-distance relationships ... " " Do these studies involve probes of any sort ? "
tr	10	Her son looked at her as if she were being deliberately dense .
tr	8	" Good morning , Neil , " Mana said , smiling at him .
tr	6	" Even if there isn 't , " Candace said , " there 's the lake , right ? "
tr	5	However the hair degrades very rapidly and so does the magic .
tr	6	The man received ten lashes and was untied .
tr	10	It was rare to see my boss in such a foul mood .
tr	5	" Dad , " she said again , defiantly .
tr	8	One of the toughest and best there ever was in any department of the military .
tr	8	He made a good point , so I let it go .
tr	11	I just didn 't know how to talk to her . "
tr	9	He cautioned a single word of patience before returning to observational silence .
tr	9	Xavier said he would kill him .
tr	10	" They were clearly frightened by the fact that the ring had gone missing .
tr	10	I whipped the cash out of my shoulder bag and slammed it on the table next to a small metal tray .
tr	8	His battered muscles screaming in protest , he got to his feet , He forced himself to relax .
tr	6	" Please don 't run away just yet .
tr	6	Then all of a sudden two men loomed up standing on the road just above us .
tr	5	Not just a recipe , but a cookbook .
tr	11	" You 're going to make yourself sick , " she said .
tr	7	" I just needed another few days , " she muttered , but her eyes refocused , angry and alert .
tr	6	And may the Spirit of the Wind bring you back to me . "
tr	6	Steve asked through the open back window .
tr	9	" And you think you can do that ? "
tr	9	I didn 't want to tell you . "
tr	8	The man was crying , silently , as he spoke .
tr	8	The Prince in the meantime went to the saddlebags and pulled out more cheese and bread for breakfast .
tr	7	Through it all , her dad moved with a singular purpose , the Spear leading the way .
tr	7	He gives me a nice big scowl for my performance last night .
tr	5	Not this particular food court , but the idea .
tr	6	" Fine , " assured Eda , looking away .
tr	10	" Do you know where he is ? "
tr	10	That 's not just something you wake up and do .
tr	10	He shrugged and went back to the cement mixer , tying a plastic sheet over the mouth before turning it on .
tr	8	Not to mention your photo from it , I liked you since then .
tr	9	Chris told him where he could find them .
tr	11	We turned and stared at the figure striding across the floor of the bunker .
tr	7	" Good ... good evening , my Prince , " the Seeker said .
tr	7	On returning home he would pass on this knowledge to his two children .
tr	8	I had to stop it .
tr	9	We landed heavily in a dimly lit passage on the other side and started to run .
tr	7	The girls stopped and moped back to him .
tr	7	My breath caught in my chest , but I couldn 't resist .
tr	8	Our antibodies are carried by our blood but they have one flaw ; other Vampires and Werewolves can detect it .
tr	7	He sat up in bed and listened .
tr	10	He was so overjoyed that he was completely lost for words .
tr	10	Quietly , he asked Raymond , " Where are the other two ?
tr	5	" Already signed on the dotted line .
tr	10	He leans over me , grappling with the buckle under my back .
tr	10	17 What had come over her ?
tr	6	At night , he and I were always together , either at my place or his .
tr	11	Connor , if you 'll excuse us for a while ... thank you . "
tr	7	" I 'm not sure about that .
tr	7	He wrapped his arms around his wife and squeezed her for a moment .
tr	10	Amy followed saying nothing but noted Loretta 's face looking more sad than angry .
tr	11	Who knew what was yet to come ?
tr	5	" The sooner this hunt is over with , the better . "
tr	10	" We tell him the same old thing , There just wasn 't time to confer with them .
tr	9	Okay , we 'll see you in a bit ; bye , Nat . "
tr	11	There were ten canoes with four warriors in each of them .
tr	9	I reached for the document wallet containing Strauss 's research papers and leafed through the contents .
tr	9	The colour had faded in most of them .
tr	10	" I needed to let go of it , to stop our fall . "
tr	7	more people could get hurt ... ... .
tr	8	A boy on the left side of the room stood up and asked , " When are these reports due ? "
tr	11	' And , err , I 'd be honoured if you 'd sign it ? '
tr	7	You know ... a kind of payback after the argument , " explained Mark .
tr	8	Then he slammed it down over a raised knee , cracking it in half .
tr	8	" You can come out now , " Taylor heard Lilly Ann from the top of the stairs .
tr	8	" The elders say , hasten to redeem your celestial mother .
tr	9	You have 10 more minutes to check in , " the lady said .
tr	11	He started with conspiracies but they moved on to what his mind usually wandered to .
tr	10	A sudden whirlwind of ethereal fire encompasses Ganon 's palm , reaching out in a tornado of translucent flame .
tr	8	A freighter had turned from the shipping lanes and was heading straight towards the Secretariat building .
tr	7	Her lips pressed together , but her eyes stayed on the road .
tr	7	Some would call it telepathy , but to me it 's oh so much more .
tr	11	These things are made to keep records of time travel .
tr	9	We both know you can do it .
tr	5	" Hey , Alexis , " Alejo greeted the girl .
tr	10	Phillip would be murdered , and we 'd suffer some ignoble death at the hands of a charlatan .
tr	8	Good bonus this year too , they 're on the company payroll of course . "
tr	8	She smiled when she saw him .
tr	7	The bear let out a bellow and slowed , favoring the leg .
tr	7	Josie grabbed the phone and switched it to speaker mode , then laid it on the table .
tr	9	I 'll be in the rear lab storage room -- I want to use the computers back there .
tr	9	I turned and carried her briskly across the floor towards the exit .
tr	11	Mal Adams led the section tasked with securing the State Television broadcasting headquarters .
tr	9	He had to think of something .
tr	11	That , kid is the person who makes you important , " answered the voice .
tr	7	My legs jiggled up and down , fighting off the dread .
tr	11	He covered them up with the soft carpet in the bottom of the compartment , and thanked the sergeant .
tr	10	Did he think I couldn 't see through his act ?
tr	6	" Could you at least put in some Elton John once in a while ? "
tr	6	With the patient out , Dr. Morgan looked on closely .
tr	8	She remembered columns of little girls , two by two , as like as beans in their uniform dresses .
tr	8	Helen Spade 's reaction had a big question mark painted all over it .
tr	7	The stones haven 't been even since the Order . "
tr	8	" If only my old friends could see me now , " he thought .
tr	8	What 's more , a new treaty was being formulated with the Austrian Empire .
tr	5	Silas asked , his Caribbean accent thick and his gray eyes fierce .
tr	7	You get anyone else of note ? "
tr	6	The faded letters , still legible , were cracked and broken , their edges dappled and dull .
tr	7	' We ... um ... we found this next to the body , ' he said , quietly .
tr	10	' So , what you 're saying is , we 're kinda outnumbered three to one . '
tr	8	If 'n ya don ' mind me askin ' , what be yer name , lad ? "
tr	10	" What do you intend to do , Lord Rand ? "
tr	8	He slowly lifted his head off the pillow and grabbed the front of my suit in a surprisingly strong grip .
tr	11	" You are fairly easy to recognize wearing that .
tr	10	" Care to join me for a night cap ? "
tr	6	He winked and then disappeared up the stairs .
tr	9	" How come you are so angry all the time , Lex ?
tr	7	The giant was staggered back by the blows .
tr	7	I contacted Key West and asked for confirmation then ordered a course change .
tr	7	We were happy in those days .
tr	9	" Did that happen to you ? "
tr	11	It runs throughout the entire complex , and there are several vents that lead to the surface . "
tr	9	" I 'm not his daughter you ragged old fart !
tr	5	" What are you talking about ? "
tr	10	" Am I ever going to meet your parents ? "
tr	8	There were all these postings from your friends and that guy Ryan .
tr	8	" But night is when the evil is gone .
tr	6	" There was this cold porridge ... " " Yeah , I saw it .
tr	8	You can sleep in safety here , brother .
tr	8	Your sword is nothing more than a tool to build a better world .
tr	7	Alex rolled her eyes , " I 'm not that immature , Dad . "
tr	11	Tek looked down to see what he was talking about .
tr	10	They gathered round the tree , all eighteen feet of it , standing not quite touching the ceiling far above .
tr	10	any more than that we abort as agreed , keep your heads up . "
tr	9	" In this section we are now adding the semi-final layer to the inside of the panels .
tr	10	" I didn 't know they were stopping here .
tr	8	Kevin pointed to the bark at the bottom of the tree .
tr	5	First , a silver Mercedes convertible sports car roared out the car park exit .
tr	10	Anyway he persevered , threatened to resign and they eventually married out there .
tr	8	" None , " he said with a lifeless voice , " none .
tr	7	" Well of all the - " she started , when Frank interrupted .
tr	5	" I see your dilemma . "
tr	9	Then I need you to take the Pillars away , and don 't let the wave get me . "
tr	10	Gabriel 's eyes were shining again , and he pounded Alejo on the shoulder before turning back towards the clearing .
tr	8	Human beings are locked in to this world by time and a body .
tr	11	She wondered if there was something hidden behind these actions .
tr	6	" It was like , one second , he was almost solid , and the next , he was everywhere .
tr	11	said a suspicious Scarborough , crossing her front most pair of legs in subtle distrust .
tr	7	The room was dark , but his assistant , Jerry , sat at his at his own workstation .
tr	8	She stopped at the giant 's feet and extended her arm , aiming her pistol at the fallen shapeshifter .
tr	8	Adele was thoughtful for a moment before shrugging her shoulders slightly .
tr	8	Her drawings and word creations opened the path of energy work to a whole new generation of seekers .
tr	5	A chortle , some nods and a " Yes , sir " answered Ox .
tr	9	I wondered what she did with him .
tr	7	The crumbs blew out of her mouth as she spoke .
tr	11	He paused a moment to let his eyes adjust .
tr	9	I probably underestimate him because he lives with his grandmother .
tr	5	The heat and tension , the spike and bitterness continued .
tr	9	Yet they did as they were told , fearing the captain more at this point .
tr	10	She assumed she was being followed but was not able to make anyone out particularly .
tr	6	" They had flashlights , " he told himself with disappointment .
tr	10	People can go to the YHA website to find out opening times and local attractions .
tr	7	Reid absent-mindedly wiped some dirt off his arm and looked over his shoulder .
tr	10	" You 're the closest thing to a friend I have . "
tr	11	She had been expecting to get Lisa 's ride .
tr	8	" You know what , " he said to Bradley , " I heard other languages today in the park .
tr	10	That 's why we 're safe here ; the monsters know what we are and they stay away .
tr	7	He was here , and then he was somewhere else at the same time .
tr	11	Deciding not to wait , Chris turned and headed toward the rear staircase that led up to the rooms .
tr	7	" There will , of course , be challenges and complications , " continued Butch .
tr	7	His face is composed in concentration , searching .
tr	9	The peak that concerned her most was still easily visible , but now it was to the northwest .
tr	7	" He will cause me no trouble . "
tr	6	" Are you fucking ... Ethan , is he fucking kidding ? "
tr	6	" A memory , " crooned a doe-eyed woman , waving a glittering amulet back and forth .
tr	5	On my lap , Cornelius 's ears twitched slightly .
tr	7	see you in a day or two . "
tr	6	Like Benjamin Franklin and Jefferson , the guy was a Renaissance man : clockmaker , inventor , mathematician , and politician .
tr	8	With visibility drastically reduced by the repeated cannon fire , the Union forces struggled to see targets .
tr	8	The train seats were surprisingly comfortable , and I let the worn leather wrap around me as the locomotive rocked .
tr	6	Instead he offered me a hand and helped me up .
tr	6	CHAPTER 13 the DIARY The next morning , promptly at 10 a.m. , Liz pulled into the parking lot .
tr	5	" Hey , I felt the little guy . "
tr	10	" We 've got to do this , " said Bryony .
tr	9	As we headed up the stairs to Malcolm 's apartment , my excitement grew .
tr	10	" Actually we have no idea when we will ever get more fuel .
tr	9	" Did you come here to marry me after all ? "
tr	8	He takes several steps forward , stops , turns to me and says , " Chuck Norris does not sleep .
tr	9	You are a girl , taught by a heretic and a soft old man .
tr	6	" Anyway , I no more matter in this business .
tr	7	Neil put down the basket and called after her .
tr	9	" Did you notice what Parnell said about our technological contribution ? "
tr	5	Of course , she asked the new one , too .
tr	6	It wasn 't just him and his kind feeling the lack but everyone .
tr	8	The dog turned around and panted out the sides of its slobbery mouth .
tr	9	Like always know what time it was without a watch .
tr	9	It 's so cold that , mostly , John and I stay indoors even in the daytime .
tr	7	Josie grinned even wider and turned back to Mark .
tr	9	Do they have a chance ? "
tr	6	The ruby ring on his forefinger glistened by the lantern light .
tr	7	Don 't make any noise , ok ?
tr	8	Even before the first chorus of Come Around Richard said , ' Bloody good job everyone . '
tr	7	A lightening edge on the horizon heralded the imminent arrival of dawn .
tr	8	Coming around a corner in the hallway , I banished these thoughts .
tr	5	Yet , even on the third try , Jessie did not respond .
tr	6	" This morning 's church attack certainly can 't help , " Galen said from his outstretched position on the couch .
tr	10	The 2nd Platoon had tried to flank them and had been forced back .
tr	11	The others were awestruck and temporarily paralyzed by what was happening .
tr	8	His fretting was in vain and he pulled her closer and closed his eyes .
tr	7	Turning her attention to the harbor , Elaina took a deep breath and closed her eyes .
tr	10	" I put my life on every words I say , Mister . "
tr	6	His flashlight sweeps across the ground .
tr	8	His arm was getting tired and sore from the sword play , but he was pleased with his progress .
tr	9	He hated being kept waiting .
tr	7	As I built momentum , I got closer and closer to Birgitte with every pass .
tr	9	She figured it out that I wasn 't myself today and somehow I was angry .
tr	7	The cloak inched down a little and Eda regarded her speculatively .
tr	8	She shrugged off her sentimentality and turned to leave .
tr	8	He 'd been shot in the side .
tr	11	VIN was slow and the other two had to wait halfway up for him .
tr	5	" Careful ; watch the trauma .
tr	6	The lift stopped , it pinged gently , the doors silently opened and the two men got out .
tr	9	Whoever was out there seemed to identify themselves as a military organization .
tr	6	" I am , " I said , " but the driver 's unconscious . "
tr	9	" Come , let us sit by the fire .
tr	10	Victor shouted , indicating the fire escape at the end of the passage .
tr	7	It is the city of lovers .
tr	9	" You have no idea what you are talking about , Branden . "
tr	6	" By all the gods , she 's ugly , " he muttered .
tr	7	I meant what I said .
tr	9	When these three worlds collide ugly truths come to light on every side .
tr	5	Because the excitement is worth the risk .
tr	6	" No , you 're right , of course .
tr	6	" I have absolutely no idea , " he said .
tr	10	Them females are just so complex and they hold out until you are completely in tune with them .
tr	9	Once sucked below the surface , they looked around to acclimate to their surroundings .
tr	11	I tried to remember that he was dead .
tr	8	Now , my worst fears about these surgeries seem to be true . "
tr	8	Legitimacy has eluded me for a very long time . "
tr	8	I offered a hand to the lady , but she refused my gesture and pulled herself to her feet .
tr	8	Those empty halls and chambers became a battleground , and a region of brooding terror .
tr	6	With a tremendous heave , the man forced the woman back into her seat .
tr	7	What 's more , people often hide their misfortunes and problems behind the games and images that they play and project .
tr	6	She wasn 't just tired , she was in a towering rage .
tr	9	" I 'm sure our phones were monitored .
tr	11	They 'll be fine with you and Princess taking care of them . "
tr	6	We bought gummy bears , gummy worms , gummy rings , gummy spiders and gummy fruit in all varieties .
tr	10	" Or you getting up after I knock your ... " " Boys ! "
tr	10	Claire I hope you are making progress with the report .
tr	5	" How much time do we have ? "
tr	7	This is an entirely new body , acrobatic and strong like an elite gymnast .
tr	9	What really scared him was the plan itself .
tr	10	You , my young braves , see that it was a fight to the death .
tr	8	screamed Logan , breaking me from my reverie .
tr	6	He hesitated and picked up his fork instead .
tr	8	Still facing the vending machine , wiping his mouth on his sleeve , he turned slowly to face the crowd .
tr	8	And then , in a blink of an eye , it was gone and I was no longer hungry .
tr	10	I am not allowed to find these things from my mom .
tr	5	' Actually , he 's a terrible example . '
tr	7	" When she wakes , we will know more , " Dresden says sullenly .
tr	6	" They live in greedy desperation , Hunting , chopping , burning .
tr	10	I 'd started to think you lot had forgotten me .
tr	8	It sank to the bottom of the pool .
tr	11	Heavier than a normal sword perhaps , but in the Prince 's opinion most swords were too light anyway .
tr	7	The tip of Olsson 's longsword missed my neck by inches .
tr	10	They saw the glow of lights in the dark night sky off to the west .
tr	9	I 'm telling you , I didn 't mean to leave her .
tr	8	The twinkling of the afternoon sun on the ocean was almost hypnotic .
tr	8	None of them want to be your enemy .
tr	9	He 'd faced sandstorms and a tiger to get here .
tr	11	I vow to look after her and treat her with the utmost love and devotion .
tr	6	Her hair , maintained a soft golden red , formed a stylish wedge around her face .
tr	7	There was already a good crowd in the gym .
tr	5	" Hey guys , " Kendall entered the room .
tr	9	The squad unleashed their automatic weapons on the door , turning it into a million toothpicks .
tr	7	" Give me that , and I 'll hang it up . "
tr	10	Our bodies automatically stop the blood flowing to the tail so we don 't bleed .
tr	10	It didn 't flicker and dance on the walls like a fire but seemed steady and brighter .
tr	7	On the summit of the bluff stood a castle .
tr	5	North , south , east , west , all sides were blocked .
tr	8	A lizard on the ceiling was hit on the tail and fell to the ground , lifeless .
tr	8	They unzipped the body bag and pulled it down , exposing Jimmy 's body .
tr	11	He hadn 't seen her since the last time he and Mickey had talked .
tr	6	" You 've always lived out here , then ? "
tr	9	David did reflect more than she did .
tr	9	He saw Andre sitting at on a chair and three other men standing over him .
tr	9	" I saw you change before my eyes .
tr	11	You can see losses and the risks that were taken .
tr	11	I just didn 't have a plan in case THAT plan failed , which it just had .
tr	7	I crossed the busy square and led Reid down a narrow , nondescript side street .
tr	7	We must demonstrate that same spirit , and soon . "
tr	11	" I don 't think I can take this , " he said at last .
tr	11	" Uh , I just remembered a teleconference I have in a couple minutes .
tr	8	She knew at once she was committed and defenseless .
tr	7	Her head split in two frozen parts and fell to the ground .
tr	9	He wonders what sin has forced his failure .
tr	7	Harry 's eyes rose , his face pained , and he gazed right by Zoe .
tr	7	" Yes , " he said " but is trapped and it only matter of time . "
tr	9	A twisting helix of rocky arches coated with moss soar and dip up the treacherous path .
tr	10	He always made a point of shutting every door behind him .
tr	8	Mason stood up and paced over to the window ... ... thinking .
tr	11	" Are you trying to say I should have handled things differently ? "
tr	11	" Do you know how to fight ? "
tr	5	Beyond beauty , as the Essence , your mother also held great power .
tr	7	I lowered myself down from the ceiling with the pulley system I rigged .
tr	6	" And you look for dead people ? "
tr	9	They resolved to conduct subtle forays about the city , listening for any pertinent news .
tr	7	It was some thousand feet away from the humans and all their activity .
tr	11	The masked man tried to make a get away but it was me this time who pulled him back .
tr	6	" This power supply , is it the one outside ? "
tr	11	The WTR army had left a strong guard force , definitely wanting to secure their way home .
tr	9	" Ran out of time I guess ? "
tr	7	Sykes asked with venom , staring him down .
tr	9	" Your papa had a unique way of seeing things .
tr	9	I gaze out through the windshield , and the only thing I can think is , I already had a home .
tr	7	Chapter 9 The noise of car doors , slamming one after another , woke Frank .
tr	10	Yes ... I did want to die .
tr	11	Here are last were inimitable signs of life .
tr	9	He weaved his way past a stopped cab and raced across Lexington , driving straight into an underground parking structure .
tr	6	" It 's Swanson , " the deep , resonant voice of the general boomed through the earpiece .
tr	7	" Something on your mind , friend ? "
tr	9	What else is there to do in this damnable place but listen to that fiddle play ?
tr	5	Clarity observed her flawless backside , nice and firm , and round .
tr	10	" The fleet will be a permanent trust of the UN of course .
tr	7	" Mark my words , " Javan told his men shortly after their plan 's outstanding execution .
tr	11	But she could not have withstood the pain of losing her living daughter .
tr	11	Dane starts talking about the Aboriginal people and some of their customs .
tr	6	And when they attacked , no one , especially not their vampire " master , " was safe .
tr	7	Chapter 3 School Two weeks later I climbed aboard the bus with Tuck and my schooling began .
tr	7	Standing at the right control station is a woman wearing a tight leather tank top and matching pants .
tr	10	They didn 't have a will to disprove my ownership .
tr	6	" That 's not it at all , " responded Jon defensively .
tr	6	" Just ... don 't do that again .
tr	11	" You won 't be angry with me if I take you from her , will you ? "
tr	7	He 's coming over for dinner tonight .
tr	9	Riki would have loved all of this .
tr	8	The man you just told me about ? "
tr	10	He decided to dig some tubers and eat them raw .
tr	7	This mail showed fifty million .
tr	9	" It 's supposed to be unplanned .
tr	6	Or listening to TV , in Alejo 's case .
tr	7	" What are the odds of that happening ?
tr	9	" You can 't always get what you want , " said Santa .
tr	7	' We 're looking for Professor Godard . '
tr	10	Most agree that it was a collection of young nobles .
tr	9	" I mean you were right , Leah , I 'm not one of you , " he said quietly .
tr	7	Not necessarily a cotton sweater or a shawl ... anything unique ... and ... and romantic . "
tr	8	Josh applied a plaster to Claire 's knee and wiped her other scrapes and grazes with an antiseptic wipe .
tr	6	I protected Lily , " I told them with a big grin on my face .
tr	8	Being led away by the military to a classified location was not on the list .
tr	7	Of course she costs very little in wages . "
tr	6	Lord Brogan gifted his son with a warm smile .
tr	10	I didn 't want to think about it .
tr	9	" No , we 'll need to change their diapers again pretty soon . "
tr	6	We passed the filled compartments again and cursed our bad luck .
tr	10	I meet her gaze without flinching .
tr	9	She stirred , then shook herself awake , light from the hall reflecting her inquisitive expression .
tr	6	" Besides , " he continued , " your ugly face is giving me a headache . "
tr	9	" The demons know there is a Jesus , they have seen Him .
tr	9	" It 's late afternoon in British Columbia so it 's probably around five or six degrees .
tr	10	At his drums Raphael removed the cymbals he 'd been told .
tr	6	" Oh , no , I 'm not your watchman , " said Jake .
tr	9	" Roberto , you frighten me when you talk like that !
tr	6	" I don 't know , " he said , his voice firm and rising angrily .
tr	10	Let me do what I must . "
tr	8	Instead of a concerned mumble , reassuring in its waking drowsiness , coarse shouts answered from outside .
tr	7	" I will meet you in your office . "
tr	10	She paused , hesitant to go on .
tr	5	" Oy , she 's awake . "
tr	9	I 'll show you where you went wrong .
tr	6	On screen , a pirate ship sailed through a brutal storm .
tr	8	Oh , there were a few streaks of white , just a few , though .
tr	9	Stunned to see Brandon alive .
tr	9	Everything faded around her , like a sudden mist had risen again .
tr	10	" Don 't question me boy , go on and get to work , now ! "
tr	6	If anything , his reversal of fortunes was no less than meteoric .
tr	11	He had tried everything he could think of .
tr	11	There are some people I want to find .
tr	6	My mother , my friends , even the people in this neighborhood ?
tr	8	Puzzled , but unconcerned by this unusual occurrence , Lucas turned around and glanced up at the television .
tr	11	She 'd even managed to create a seed and then make it grow .
tr	7	Just then a commotion erupted behind them , and Vince looked over his shoulder to the cave entrance .
tr	6	Two of the team are still alive plus their old CO. .
tr	5	" Well , first of all , the truth is the truth .
tr	9	I return you to the very prison you escaped .
tr	7	The Empire 's sorcerers will slay you and your vile servants ; even the Codex allows them such action . "
tr	6	" WOW THAT 'S REALLY ANNOYING , " repeated the mob .
tr	5	" Yes , you 're e right . "
tr	6	Up , and up , and up , her heavy breathing and shuffling steps the only sounds .
tr	8	I knew staying in Cambridge for the Easter weekend was a mistake .
tr	11	I guess we will just have to wait and see .
tr	7	Riki stopped laughing and shot off .
tr	9	A two-minute walk on a normal day , it now seemed as if the guard shack was a million miles away .
tr	6	He , like a child , blushed and turned away .
tr	8	Laughing , joking , the twelve moved to positions like children playing a game .
tr	6	I needed a quick ride out of there .
tr	7	The girls quickly got into position and threw in the ball .
tr	9	Chapter Twenty Nine The Comet roared back into the sky , just clearing the roof of the hangar .
tr	8	Every spacecraft we manufacture here will be made out of these panels . "
tr	6	They found him in the canal in Market Drayton .
tr	8	The windows of a car parked nearby shattered from the shock wave .
tr	8	Their struggling was fierce , and very soon both were covered in wet soil .
tr	11	I needed to stop by to pick up lunch .
tr	9	He wasn 't sure what to expect .
tr	7	Dane and Monti pick up their gear off the table and go out to the car .
tr	10	Hopefully it would establish a trail of incriminating evidence .
tr	6	' I had my reasons , ' I said quietly .
tr	6	" What kind of watch is that ? "
tr	5	" So , that was my first kiss . "
tr	8	" Have you even heard their Christmas in Harmony album ? "
tr	6	The door swung open and his national security advisor , Dominic Velasquez , entered his office .
tr	9	it was the best I could do ! "
tr	11	And they may have weapons we don 't know of . "
tr	6	Chapter 6 : " Tom , Tom , get up , " Cody whispered close to his ear .
tr	10	Andre followed him to the wheel after he grabbed a bag of ice from below deck .
tr	11	' As cool as the backdrop is the name gets obscured behind the drums .
tr	8	He knew nothing of the wildlife in this part of the country .
tr	5	You 're an adult , right ? "
tr	8	T definitely had some kind of personality and ... feelings ?
tr	11	You will need someone who can really help you .
tr	11	However , do not think that it was easy for me .
tr	6	Get me through this part ?
tr	11	" Do you think it is a snake ? "
tr	8	As Hailey looked down into his eyes she saw him freeze in terror .
tr	11	The dust began to settle like a hazy blanket covering the land .
tr	11	He saw her look around quickly as a small frown touched her forehead .
tr	7	Looking down , he answered , " From my grandfather .
tr	10	Salazar and anyone with the power to do anything were constantly scratching each others ' backs .
tr	10	The toughest brother was angry about the cactus needle protruding from his body .
tr	10	" It 's dark tonight , " she sighs , having hoped for a star or two .
tr	8	So , what 's the status of the waterfront area ? "
tr	9	She touched the velvety softness of his nose as he blew warm breath into her hands .
tr	9	Mom was so pissed that she went into labor right then and there .
tr	11	Does that make you feel better ? "
tr	9	Elaina supposed he was right , it would be more impressive in stone .
tr	6	" Alleged engagement , " he winced , " but I do remember . "
tr	11	Something would need to be done about that .
tr	6	When the egg hatches , the baby cuckoo pushes the other baby birds out of the nest .
tr	6	As a prosecutor , she stared down criminals on a regular basis in prison interrogation rooms , on the witness stand .
tr	8	For the hardened pirates it was difficult to comprehend .
tr	11	" Next , you want us to believe that God screwed up .
tr	11	Bryony saw Edwin was upset about Maddy 's departure .
tr	11	He was listening to what she was doing there .
tr	10	EC : Who wants to know ?
tr	9	The corn was almost ready for picking , and after this rain , it would be .
tr	6	" All hands , secure from action and report . "
tr	8	One face even took a chance and had slipped back into the country from the Spanish Costas .
tr	5	And the other two brothers , Rob and Rick , are just plain weird .
tr	10	Shivers chased themselves up and down his back as he looked into the face of a nightmare .
tr	8	Reggie stared at the hand for a moment before sighing and accepting the firm grasp .
tr	5	" Boss , I need you now . "
tr	11	All those brand new walls she hadn 't finished building around her heart would collapse .
tr	5	" Yes , well , he is your charge now . "
tr	7	" Maya , you can 't come with me . "
tr	8	Well , I was happy as a Muslim , Dad .
tr	10	The wide valley they had been flying up had become considerably narrower .
tr	6	Without a cry , the man dropped to the floor .
tr	7	I 'm coming with you . "
tr	10	Jimmy did not like Josie touching all over the shirtless man with the bulging muscles .
tr	10	He could erase the recordings , but the security database tracing of their whereabouts took time to access and clean up .
tr	8	Today , Dale had him working on drip paintings .
tr	6	, then I had an idea .
tr	11	" Do you think Japanese police are stupid ? "
tr	7	Finally , all of the songs were sung , the eulogies were read , and the honor guard entered the church .
tr	6	" Wow Tori , when did you get so strong ? "
tr	7	Eva , her hand resting on my arm , shouted into my ear .
tr	9	She fed him the rest of the bowl and held a crystal tumbler of something cold and delicious to his lips .
tr	10	The woman hurried to get in and Lace hit the gas as soon as she closed the door .
tr	10	Without the incentive of argument , he would have no reason to do more .
tr	7	She 'd remember her honeymoon vacation for a long time .
tr	8	This same scenario was happening all over the village .
tr	8	Rob 's face was deathly pale and McCutcheon grabbed a swivel chair and eased his corporal into it .
tr	11	It would have to be an elastic defense in depth .
tr	6	I won 't let you fall .
tr	6	" Did you get your report card , " Mrs. Collins asked .
tr	7	" Only at night , " he said .
tr	10	After that , we kept in touch and went on to form a detective agency together in 1990 .
tr	6	Shock is a peculiar thing and , thankfully for Harry , it numbed his initial reaction .
tr	8	He said over his shoulder , " Frank , without my friends helping you , you don 't exist .
tr	6	Oh , no , wait , that carriage became a full pumpkin in the end .
tr	5	" And my ex-boyfriend took the word ' commitment ' way too lightly . "
tr	11	Arthur had provided Chris a bunch of books on the subject , all of them boring as sin .
tr	11	I was thrown forward , crashing my forehead into the seat in front .
tr	9	" That 's just the way they are -- made out of cotton wool and apparently alive .
tr	11	He can catch a football , that 's for sure . "
tr	10	I 'm sure the men are doing the same .
tr	10	She made a mental note to write to her father and ask him about it .
tr	8	Clancy carefully reached down and unfolded the cloth revealing the hard , bright steel .
tr	6	" Ho , ho , ho , " he said , and jumped down the chimney .
tr	9	It is reborn in every generation of my kindred .
tr	8	" I get all my news and information about current events from popular television programming .
tr	10	David nodded and turned to head back to the house .
tr	9	" And it didn 't stop us from having presents and stuff .
tr	5	" Tony Wei and Frank Jennings ... ... .
tr	7	John elbowed his way to the front and peered through the hole in the rubble .
tr	10	' Mate it 's not her job to come to you .
tr	8	Was it some movement at the top of the next hill ?
tr	10	Maybe it was their differences that made them so incompatible .
tr	7	Smoke clouded the space around us .
tr	5	" Oh , this little thing , it 's just a scratch . "
tr	9	Do you want a lift ? "
tr	10	As soon as everyone had taken their seats in the car the Angel appeared before the boys .
tr	7	Chapter 24 : Daniel Moves On The fighting over a mate was the way of his species .
tr	9	As Billy walked closer , Connor could feel the blood in his body get hotter .
tr	6	After a moment 's thought , an exciting possibility occurred to Matthew .
tr	5	" And the gas and the brakes , " I say out loud .
tr	6	" Ok then ... let 's go outside . "
tr	9	Living with only nature for a companion was turning me into a swamp rat .
tr	8	The phone felt slippery in her clammy hand and she twisted the cord round and round .
tr	9	Alex clutched the basket in her arms as if hiding behind it and adamantly shook her head no .
tr	11	He spun to his feet once more , only to find the girl 's second dagger pressed against his throat .
tr	6	Joey with his height advantage would knock the ball down almost every time .
tr	9	It was made in Finland , " He continued as he tossed the ax into their cart .
tr	8	" Hello Abby , can I speak with you something ? "
tr	9	take a look at this Commander " Looking down into the crates they saw four automatic weapons .
tr	10	Why would we need some person to take away our sins ?
tr	11	However Adele was indeed awake , laying upon her back and staring into the blackness of her room .
tr	7	" Are you threatening us , sir ? "
tr	10	She frowned as she noticed the size of it , smaller than before .
tr	8	It sounded like she said ' Bin . '
tr	8	Contrary to popular belief , this first module was from the center of the ship .
tr	9	Hopefully to fetch him his robes .
tr	6	The rest of the men roared with laughter .
tr	6	His bare chest and smoothly muscled shoulders looked very broad and strong and male in the warm afternoon sunlight .
tr	6	" Oh , and why do you say that ? "
tr	11	I think I could find all of them . "
tr	9	" A savage tribe helped my father to get food .
tr	8	" Do not stand on the ridge , my friends .
tr	10	The woman who scrubbed Miriam 's back spoke up , her voice jerking as she plied the brush .
tr	8	He had missed a lot in three days .
tr	6	He saw Sarah on a blanket to his right .
tr	11	" But only if it needed reinforcing with a particularly thick plank . "
tr	7	Almost choreographed , they each untied their shirts from their waists and slipped them on .
tr	7	Working through the days , settling down with a lovely wife , and having kids .
tr	5	" And I just found out some good news last night ! "
tr	7	' With or without your help , I 'm going after them . '
tr	6	His shoulder blades shifted upwards , then fell .
tr	9	Off to the side , Chris and Sarah just tried to stay the hell out of the way .
tr	7	anyway here 's how it is .
tr	6	Please state your name and access code , " an angry mechanical voice intones .
tr	6	" Yet you brought him here , to me ? "
tr	7	The most important factor is the intrinsic quality of the actual food itself .
tr	8	He was struggling to breathe .
tr	9	" That 's how they did it , " said Logan sadly .
tr	11	Do you know where they are ? "
tr	9	If he had been more rested , he might have appreciated the irony of the situation .
tr	9	" Once I let you go , you will let her be .
tr	8	" I like your friend , Auntie Claire , " Jack said , after Conor had left .
tr	7	If there 's a spectacle , there 's a crowd , especially at a public execution or flogging .
tr	9	The driver grinned at them as they gathered in the car park .
tr	6	At that moment , a huge beast broke out of the tree line .
tr	11	The old man spread his arms as if his shabby office was a palace , his two goons gorgeous wives .
tr	5	" No , please , we are not enemies . "
tr	7	" Still , it is not , nor will it ever be , for sale . "
tr	7	I will speak for my own .
tr	8	We just graduated high school a couple of weeks ago ! "
tr	7	And during this period each member of the family was kept under close observation .
tr	7	" Hail , hail , the gang 's all here , " yelled Toni as the three entered the room .
tr	8	No path is set in stone - I can see something in him .
tr	5	Lo and behold , they found tracks just beyond .
tr	9	Anyway , there was no point in arguing about it now .
tr	8	Another bike appeared seconds later on the left side of the car .
tr	6	Her Roberto was deeply buried .
tr	8	' Lots of things in your life are flukes . '
tr	10	Elaina said shortly , taken aback that this was a tragedy , " but all the others ended so well . "
tr	10	With that she stepped out into the hallway and rushed down two flights of stairs to the library floor .
tr	5	" No , no , no . "
tr	8	Rupert grinned and raised one fuzzy eyebrow at Alejo .
tr	6	" Eda , be quiet and lay still ! "
tr	7	" About two weeks supply , " muttered Nina , biting the chicken wing and picking the bone out .
tr	11	The house door flew open and the little girl came running out dragging her mother along .
tr	8	Seconds later , I entered the main hall of the Hauptbahnhof and darted through the crowds towards the main tracks .
tr	6	Their officer , his saber drawn , looked disdainfully around the group before speaking .
tr	9	I don 't think we 'll ever know .
tr	11	" They will combine the Clans and prepare for what must happen . "
tr	6	Most were humans , two thousand of them donned in sparkling , polished full plate mail armor .
tr	7	Perhaps most remarkable of all was the heavy item now cradled in his arms .
tr	7	The gun had fallen to his side .
tr	8	" Hello , sister , " the Prince said immediately , with a touch of boredom .
tr	6	" The matter is delicate , " he replied .
tr	10	" Who says I don 't have a plan ? "
tr	8	It gurgled in the gutters and storm drains off the main avenue behind me .
tr	9	He had done all he could .
tr	11	They plant artifices which sense the warmth of life . "
tr	11	If he helped the girl leave this place alive , he would have to leave the Prism .
tr	9	Her beautiful smile , that I could taste her sweet lips without satisfying .
tr	7	With a sigh , Kurt grabbed his bags and lumbered up the short sidewalk to the front door .
tr	5	" But your daughter Vickie probably has , Mr. Bennett , " Alaric said .
tr	6	" They aren 't clay , " she scolded him , and stopped her writhing .
tr	8	" What the devil 's going on here ? "
tr	10	Rather it was based on a knowledge of each other 's different qualities .
tr	11	It was one of the eaters who gave me the knife .
tr	7	Rand 's mount moved forward eagerly , but he reined in again .
tr	7	Lena stopped running and sat down next to Trae .
tr	6	His eyes were shallow and glazed and his face was a deathly white .
tr	9	Consisting of a network of large glass chambers , they occupied the entire level of the building .
tr	9	Adele 's face was innocent with no hint of guile as she answered him .
tr	7	" It 'll be over soon enough .
tr	9	Seven released the pressure and his friend gasped in denied air .
tr	6	It had already been too long .
tr	9	" Um , I see your mom coming out the back door . "
tr	6	" I got this last spring break - and it was the best spring break ever . "
tr	11	It had to be to deflect a bullet .
tr	9	" From you , " he concludes , reaching out and seizing her by the shoulder .
tr	10	But in a way he had always felt that he owed the kingdom more .
tr	8	John 's right , " he said , nodding at the back window .
tr	6	" Worth a try , " she shrugged , not even slightly disappointed .
tr	9	Standing with his back to the hero , the figure boasts an air of confidence unlike Link has ever seen .
tr	9	Something like joy flooded him as he watched the color changes in her limbs and features .
tr	10	" You got a whiff of that did you ?
tr	9	" I think everyone else is in town .
tr	9	She would never become a Shaykh as she 'd once dreamed .
tr	11	Only want to use cattle to cover tracks . '
tr	11	She reached out and managed to grab the collar of the dog .
tr	11	He stared into the snow until noises from Scott caused him to turn back around .
tr	8	The red tent was where her punishments always took place .
tr	9	It seemed too easy to be true .
tr	5	" Now , madam , " Mr. Wing asked his last question .
tr	11	Maybe I am going to have to pry .
tr	10	But my husband , my Philippe , had died under the weight of Napoleon 's taxes .
tr	9	It 's all in the instructions but I haven 't tried any of it yet . "
tr	6	" And some The Technology Girl , " now she spoke in perfect American accent .
tr	8	I need to do this . "
tr	7	" What sort of things ? "
tr	9	I was hoping you wouldn 't anyway . "
tr	11	Jen put her hands out to catch some .
tr	6	" Put down your little toy , Daddy .
tr	10	His will is to keep them separate , and His will is to be enforced . "
tr	10	Groups of us would partake in weekly pursuits in order to replenish the food supply .
tr	8	Wasting no time , the boy dashes over and throws the lid back , finding intimidating plate mail inside .
tr	7	" Your country is helping its friend England first , " he said .
tr	11	We looked about the room for anything that might snap the chain .
tr	9	We have to get going !
tr	8	He said , making me smiling .
tr	6	Melinda gasped , the golden glow growing larger , taking on the shape of a person .
tr	8	That will certainly get the Defenders riled up .
tr	5	On the one hand , the sooner he got his son back , the better .
tr	10	He didn 't believe for a minute that the kid had burned the notebook .
tr	8	Not very useful with you standing next to me . "
tr	7	Two large , comfy , reclining chairs , paired with a matching sofa , surrounded the rug .
tr	7	The border forts were razed , forests burned , and farmland sowed with salt .
tr	7	From the back porch of the lodge old Mr. Stark stood shaking his head .
tr	5	Like his daughter , even in disapproval , his green eyes held an inherent warmth .
tr	7	Their rifles flash , recoil and thunder as heavy slugs fly out the ends of their barrels .
tr	7	For a moment , I am distracted as energy flares around both boys .
tr	9	" Du n no , " Steve glanced to the brush before he focused on the little girl .
tr	6	Yuck , you have that mud all over your face !
tr	7	" Maybe we 'll try some soup now , " she said .
tr	6	" Your father was a werewolf and shape shifter , and your mother was a forest nymph . "
tr	7	Something pinged off the rear of the roadster .
tr	10	I will be happy to help you .
tr	7	Once more , my blood was rushing through my veins .
tr	11	Something she felt she had been told , or read about .
tr	8	" But you 'll have it by heart shortly , " she continued and cut off Miriam 's protests .
tr	11	That 's all I need to know .
tr	7	" Zulu Alpha One is still active and heading our way .
tr	9	" You mean , because she has a beak and squawks ?
tr	11	" Do you want to play darts ? "
tr	6	As he spoke , the statistics appeared in colorful displays all around the two reporters .
tr	8	" Is it okay , Laura , if I love you , so very , very much ? "
tr	8	The dresser was made of pine , too , and the drawers ' handles looked like small branches .
tr	5	Finally , after some tense minutes , the final touch was applied .
tr	10	He was glad she wouldn 't have it .
tr	5	And then , of course , there were the rebels .
tr	9	I wasn 't angry with his line of thought .
tr	7	The rain had stopped and the winds had calmed , but a solid bank of clouds still filled the sky .
tr	5	That 's an odd name . '
tr	9	We can work out a pronouncing guide between us , and then we 'll be riding high . "
tr	11	It 's just sort of the way she says it . "
tr	7	Natalie and Sophia got out of the hall as quickly as they could .
tr	11	He watched as she started to walk away .
tr	8	Let me get this straight .
tr	11	" I do what needs to be done .
tr	7	" Bringing your breakfast to the office now ? "
tr	11	Do you know where she went ? "
tr	10	I said trying to convince myself .
tr	8	He could only nod , feeling his insides twist .
tr	8	Shadows rose to shroud him .
tr	11	They stepped through the man made opening and were greeted by the breathtaking sight of a narrow but fast moving river .
tr	8	Get him away though , have to get him away !
tr	10	" Somehow , I 'm going to kill you Elizabeth .
tr	5	" Oh , you 're dirty .
tr	10	I don 't think she 's foretelling it .
tr	8	The bearded youth behind the wheel of the Citroën gave us a brief nod and pulled his shades down .
tr	9	It was the living he had troubles with .
tr	11	Gabriel and Stalin began to haul the blanket slowly across the grass towards the truck .
tr	8	He laughed again , amused at his own wit .
tr	7	Charlie poised himself , his feet steady , a hand resting on his pistol , and the other clenched for attack .
tr	6	" Have three females and one prisoner , job is done .
tr	9	A gleam appeared in his eyes as his gaze shifted to the left .
tr	10	After it 's allowed to cool , I break the pots and make weapons from the steel inside .
tr	10	She was going to come back for us . "
tr	10	He went out onto the back porch to keep an eye on her from a distance .
tr	8	he stopped to warn them .
tr	6	Rafe gazed up at her in faint amusement .
tr	11	Let me tell you something , Lucky - I knew you were the one after the first week . "
tr	9	I didn 't know it at the time but I had dented a few of my canisters .
tr	11	Andy was unfazed by the poverty , but he could see Archie was a little shocked .
tr	8	Like so many other places I 'd visited recently , darkness swallowed us .
tr	11	She had no choice but to use her real identity plus a credit card .
tr	10	if what I saw was real .
tr	9	Easier than tracking by smell .
tr	11	After perhaps a quarter of an hour of lounging about , Logan leaned up from his chair and slapped his knees .
tr	7	He is up in the cave asleep . "
tr	9	Adele nodded again as fresh tears spilled over her cheeks .
tr	6	Of course , the actual line from the movie The Graduate , was , " Plastics . "
tr	7	The two bouncers suddenly fall to their knees and the stranger steps forward .
tr	9	" And how do you know this one isn 't military ? "
tr	9	She felt like a zombie , so tired she couldn 't think straight .
tr	7	Neil dragged his eyes from the horizon and focused on her .
tr	9	We have to keep running . "
tr	9	" That 's what I 'm thinking , " Jan was still looking up at the two images .
tr	7	' There had better not be rats , ' the immortal murmured to no one in particular .
tr	11	He uses his newly freed voice to announce that he is hungry .
tr	6	The rows of seats inside were just metal frames and springs .
tr	7	Especially Ena Murray a well known South African writer through my growing years .
tr	7	They didn 't see anyone , but felt unseen eyes upon them .
tr	7	CHAPTER FOUR The first week of the crisis brought relentless worry , boredom , insecurity and joy into their daily lives .
tr	9	Your mother thought you must be dead .
tr	11	' I keep telling you she likes you , ' Raphael said .
tr	10	" Wait , why are you going that way ?
tr	6	Mara said , with a smile on her lips .
tr	7	" How do you feel about Miriam , Simon ? "
tr	8	His eyes narrowed evilly as he regarded the terrified teen .
tr	8	The mystery of Aimee and Marie and their house gnawed away at the back of my mind .
tr	10	I avoided his calculating gaze and smiled at Anna .
tr	10	" Benton 's been hurt , stay with him . "
tr	8	The family had originally come from Germany , centuries before .
tr	8	The two goons are heading back to the car , " said William .
tr	10	" You 've got a stab in the calf of your leg , " she growled .
tr	8	It would have to do .
tr	6	Sergeant Nolan thought for a moment in his plodding , steady way .
tr	7	The boys were quickly moved to an interrogation room .
tr	9	Tall , elegant pedestals held vases full of flowers and bowls of fruit .
tr	8	He willed Nirvana to move faster .
tr	6	" We told you , " Lucas answered , " we 're lost . "
tr	10	Landon studied the table in front of him , tracing the whorls on the wood with a finger as they waited .
tr	8	" It was a nightmare , " he managed through clenched teeth , " go back to sleep . "
tr	6	The man nodded too , then said , ' and only until the children are warriors . '
tr	6	" Enjoy your cake , " he said over his shoulder , and then was gone .
tr	8	He took her to a high plain of heated desire .
tr	11	He thought She had to be lost .
tr	11	Yet there wasn 't anything she could do about it .
tr	9	They were running around , multiplying and eating everything in sight .
tr	6	" And what of the High King , and the Golden House ? "
tr	7	I stuck out my hand , and we shook on it .
tr	8	" Nothing wrong with me , son .
tr	9	She shuddered but manage to conceal her feelings .
tr	8	They are covered with slippery moss and they do not stick out far from the cliff .
tr	5	He was a wide , ancient , twisted , stooped , battered old man .
tr	10	There was nothing of hatred in his face , only duty .
tr	7	They have broken our laws , and turned their backs on civilization .
tr	7	Sarah sighed and picked up Donovan 's uninjured hand .
tr	8	Let 's go get the uniform and we 'll pack , " Tori said and they ran out the door .
tr	9	He effortlessly swung his leg into the saddle and made his way over to the waiting van in an elegant trot .
tr	11	He swallowed for a moment , appearing to collect himself .
tr	9	That was my train of thought all awhile Cisco was gone .
tr	7	The moon shined on him brightly , and the two looked the other over .
tr	8	Julie seemed to believe him .
tr	7	" There 's only four here , " yelled Robbie sprinting towards the office .
tr	7	They killed a few of our guards . "
tr	11	Still , I couldn 't breathe easy until I checked the rest of the apartment .
tr	5	No , she reasoned , her governess would not .
tr	7	But let food and drink be brought our guests .
tr	5	This man obviously took it far more seriously .
tr	9	If this is true than someone must have seen her along the way and remember as well .
tr	7	" I can 't read without my glasses . "
tr	6	" OK , " answered Avi , " give me forty quid . "
tr	9	Mark , Mike and Kimberly were just stalled , watching with fascination .
tr	8	I should think he is ! "
tr	5	" I believe you . "
tr	9	" It 's coming from beneath us , " Neil said .
tr	9	The other was still laying on the side of the pool .
tr	5	" My , those are some fancy cloths , young man . "
tr	7	Not far away was a line up of about twenty small airplanes .
tr	11	This operation is set to go live in less than twenty-four hours ! "
tr	10	Apparently their mothers had left the doors open when they unpacked everything .
tr	10	I hadn 't run more than a mile since we got to France .
tr	6	One by one , they shot down my men from the trees .
tr	8	The cordiality had disappeared between them and left only coolness behind .
tr	8	Her power was gone , but it had done enough .
tr	7	He was maybe a high school boy , fifteen , sixteen .
tr	11	She ducked past him and through the entry slit , hurrying to fall on her bed .
tr	6	At precisely that moment , a figure stepped out from the trees to the north , some thirty paces away .
tr	8	Gabe reaches for a bag on the floor .
tr	8	On the other side was a little boy and girl and Scott 's eyes shot to full width .
tr	7	The sheep had found a natural stone windbreak and had bedded down nearby .
tr	10	" Were you planning on going somewhere ? "
tr	7	Andy threw his blanket off and shoved his feet into his shoes .
tr	8	" Jacob , can I ask you something ? "
tr	6	" Dark blue Ford four by four .
tr	8	After all these years , it still gnawed at him the amount of money he made .
tr	7	The gray-haired woman followed him with a slow , loping walk , but stopped at the door and turned back .
tr	8	" What is next for you , Ryan ? "
tr	7	What kind of veterinarian care do you provide for them ? "
tr	10	" Kind of a risk they don 't feel good about taking , you know ? "
tr	9	" So what are you going to do ? "
tr	6	Every month , new corridors are bored , new living quarters established , a new population potential made room for .
tr	7	The girl was dressed in a new black dress , despite her protests .
tr	11	He dared a glance to see all three coyotes watching him .
tr	9	She twisted her hands , not able to meet my eyes .
tr	8	I knew you were clever .
tr	8	David swung into the saddle of his horse .
tr	6	His dark suit , the snowy white shirt and the grey silk tie just looked startlingly handsome on his muscular frame .
tr	6	His captivating green eyes and straight healthy teeth lent some insight into his obvious popularity with the female villagers .
tr	8	Each notch was a guilty man set free .
tr	11	Praying that whatever happened they would all survive .
tr	8	Do orbital airships come into the DARPA plan ? "
tr	6	After a while she sat still , her blond hair hiding her face and her head down .
tr	9	We endured to see much better times .
tr	9	She turned them off and enjoyed the ride like they were not even there .
tr	8	" How did you ... never mind , you don 't know the half of it . "
tr	11	" You hope I will be happy with Rand ? "
tr	6	Loc 's voice sounded over the speakers in the Command Post .
tr	9	He planned to get on with his life .
tr	7	She put her fingers over his forehead and closed her eyes , entering his thought .
tr	7	Never in my household has a child gone hungry or wanted for a meal .
tr	9	He was standing by the cooler , drinking from a bottle .
tr	7	There , on a hillside , underneath rock bluffs , was a cave .
tr	7	Do tell me what it is . "
tr	10	" Captain Myers here will serve as guide to the location of the tanks , " said Anderson .
tr	6	I could barely hold on any longer .
tr	9	There was nothing we could do .
tr	6	... So ... , if that is your ship , " Sally replied , a strange realization dawning on her .
tr	7	We 've never been to his place .
tr	10	His voice cold , while his eyes took in the interior of the cabin .
tr	9	A did have them cornered .
tr	10	I used to think I did .
tr	9	" Do you need help , sweetie ? "
tr	9	" I will tell you what you must know .
tr	5	" Well , Albert , Max , Lawrence and I , we are all friends .
tr	9	Mark was in stitches at Jon 's expense .
tr	10	he asked Lilly Ann to find a starting point for his request .
tr	9	Simon saw the exit to Mestre , an industrial city near Venice .
tr	7	For the love of God , leave this terrible place ! "
tr	6	He felt it , he knew it , he grinned his smug grin and then he kissed me .
tr	8	I had to be safe , right ?
tr	9	I assumed everyone still at the manor now knew of the coup .
tr	9	She would 've only been , what , sixteen at the time ? "
tr	8	I asked , ' isn 't that a bit of wasted hardware ? '
tr	11	The big thing seems to be is there a tie in with Wei ?
tr	6	I remembered the laughter and her crinkly smile .
tr	9	" You must not use Church women to persecute other Church women .
tr	11	He walked for what seemed like hours and hours , miles and miles , without seeing another human being or animal .
tr	5	© 2011 Dolphin Moon Publishing Cover Art By Gary McCluskey Prologue Jamie Leighton .
tr	5	" Please , god , " he said , " please , no . "
tr	8	The driver pulls me roughly out of the car .
tr	7	" He is going to Adele ? "
tr	9	John smirked as they shook hands in triumph .
tr	7	" However , as you have stated such a course of action would not be without its consequences .
tr	10	I learned to eat anything in my walk , from tree bark to grass and leaves .
tr	8	With their hearts ripped out and missing .
tr	7	he sighed in contentment and he pulled her closer .
tr	11	Her heart was racing as she slapped his hand away , lifting her sword .
tr	5	She handed David and John their tea mugs .
tr	8	They 're tiny affairs , and overgrown by now .
tr	9	" I don 't believe it , " he said , " when did you do this ? "
tr	9	My legs moved with the fear of a whip wrapping around them at any second , or kissing my back .
tr	8	Stalin sighed dramatically and then ran a finger down the girl 's bloodied cheek , almost guiltily .
tr	7	The light filtering through these panels lent a sickly green cast to everything inside .
tr	6	" Family meeting , now , " her brother told her simply , and then stepped away .
tr	10	" Go and see what is happening and where the falcon is ? "
tr	9	" Meals will be served punctually , every day , " he said lazily cleaning his nails with the knife .
tr	7	But everything was marble or stone , and the only gold among these houses was gilding .
tr	8	Nigel was too valuable to kill .
tr	7	In sharp contrast to the building , these were immaculate .
tr	8	Elaina managed to raise her head .
tr	6	" Amigo , " Ochoa began , " this may not be your best idea . "
tr	7	She never moved , and the whites of her eyes showed beneath her lids in an unsettling way .
tr	9	I am taking you to Refuge for repairs .
tr	6	Then it opened its mouth and swallowed the grenade .
tr	7	" In fact , it sounds more like planned suicide . "
tr	9	The Committee was now taking advantage of the site 's unique features .
tr	9	You helped me stop running .
tr	6	But at that moment , a little higher in the leaves , there was movement .
tr	5	My life is a mess .
tr	7	Until he had a plan , he would keep his friend safe .
tr	9	There was no noise , so he guessed everyone else was still asleep .
tr	10	So , how would you like me to - " The words froze on Joe 's lips .
tr	9	" They 're in search of you , I guess . "
tr	11	" What 's happening to renewing my spray permits for next year ? "
tr	8	" The sooner it 's all out in the open , the easier everyone 's lives will be . "
tr	7	All of a sudden , this madmen was among us , almost by accident .
tr	5	" Yes , now come and meet him ? "
tr	10	We 've been eager to meet you .
tr	9	He could feel the weight settling back onto his soul again .
tr	6	The rest of my breath came out in a big whoosh .
tr	9	" No sense in speculating until we know something .
tr	9	She could still feel her wounds , but whatever the old man had done made them dim and easy to ignore .
tr	9	Unfortunately , by the time he had arrived , most of the blinds were already closed .
tr	10	All the questions he had wanted to ask , could finally be answered .
tr	6	The group sat quietly , and for the first time nobody brought up a new squabble .
tr	11	" Pity you couldn 't achieve your goal of meeting up with the ISS . "
tr	10	Before they knew what hit them they 'd knocked out and get tied up inside a room .
tr	9	" And go knife someone , the first gendarme we find ? "
tr	6	He balled his fists , crumpled his brow , locked his jaw , and turned .
tr	7	" Please don 't be mad , but I got some bus tickets for us .
tr	7	We chuckled and poked some more at our fish .
tr	6	' Are Roman and Victor out of the building ? '
tr	7	Alfred 's words were broadcast through 007 to the team .
tr	10	Simple mistake and if someone hadn 't been there close to him , he would have drowned . "
tr	9	Was it possible that they had been ... attached in some way ?
tr	11	" Let 's just say we got plans .
tr	10	" It 's just , I keep seeing Dad in trouble and I can 't help but think every minute counts .
tr	8	He turned his back to me , his shoulders hunched .
tr	8	Serge began to lose control .
tr	9	No wonder Ruth is always complaining about being skint .
tr	8	I gazed at the Citadel , it was immense in size and surprisingly it was not on the ground .
tr	8	" They 're not going back in time , " he answered wistfully .
tr	8	Their ensembles are identical aside from color , and the style is that of distant , eastern regions .
tr	11	He knew that when he was only one he had been given an inoculation from a defective batch .
tr	10	He claimed that it helped him concentrate .
tr	7	Rand looked startled at the question .
tr	5	" I am quite well , Mr. Clancy .
tr	10	I rushed down the tiny hall , barely staying on my feet and crashed into the girl 's room .
tr	8	The two went quiet after that , until Chris asked another question .
tr	6	" Oh my baby girl Lexi " None exclaimed with her hands to her face .
tr	5	Big city boys got big city ideas . "
tr	7	" A brave man is no more courageous than a normal man . "
tr	6	" I agree , I agree , " Quinn said .
tr	10	They had not yet begun to pale for dawn .
tr	5	but how do I really feel ? "
tr	9	So , what am I looking at here ? "
tr	11	' Wake me up when we get there , ' mumbled Reid across the aisle .
tr	7	A wealthy man like Di Luca has plenty of enemies . "
tr	6	" It 's at least a sixty foot drop into the sea below .
tr	6	" Alright , " Matt replied awkwardly , and within the next second , the love swing sat empty .
tr	8	A vacuum stands in the middle of the floor , looking lonely .
tr	9	We 're choking on our own excess , begging for more . "
tr	11	Missy looked quickly at her mother who was smiling and nodding her head .
tr	10	We need to get going now . "
tr	10	Hunt asked Taylor cupping his right ear in the direction of the forest .
tr	8	The gates opened silently and they drove down a long shingle drive towards a large old brick house .
tr	5	" Oh , oh , oh , God , Michael , harder ! "
tr	11	Melissa saw an opportunity I didn 't see and ran with it .
tr	11	Just as panic was starting to set in , the world snapped back into place .
tr	11	Heck , he 'd found himself subject to it , once or twice ... and recently .
tr	10	They needed to make the cover of the trees as quickly as possible .
tr	9	Riki had forgotten to be nervous .
tr	11	I know I heard her say it .
tr	10	Trinity forced herself deeper into the book , allowing her determined need to drive the pursuit .
tr	7	Did you accompany the master of this house to the ball at the Medici estate last evening ? "
tr	11	He 's not local for sure and I 'll bet money Connor Moylan is not his real name .
tr	10	' That 's what it was about , wasn 't it ? '
tr	11	I think I 'll try one of those . "
tr	5	" We are Maya . "
tr	10	He didn 't have to say anything else .
tr	5	With the coming swim , others carried my saber and revolver .
tr	7	The same suspicion was still vague in his mind now .
tr	8	Sweat pulsed through his scalp , turning his hair into a coiled mat .
tr	5	Nitrogen and oxygen , thank God , are still the main components .
tr	10	yelled Boris feeling himself close to passing out .
tr	8	We 'll give it a burn ; warm the engine properly then find somewhere to anchor . '
tr	8	It keeps things a little less hopeless . "
tr	11	He wrote paranormal fiction novels that became a cult hit .
tr	9	" Lady Adele said that you had been captured ! "
tr	7	" Warrior , Blade , " Doctor Hartman 's voice interrupts in the dragon 's minds .
tr	9	How 's about we strike a deal ? "
tr	10	They marched on for several turns until the sun had climbed to midday .
tr	8	She looped her arm into his with a smile playing over her face .
tr	6	" No , someone else , " he squinted his eyes and walked around the room .
tr	10	Aries was striding toward him , directing his men as he moved .
tr	11	I thought they turned you into one of them .
tr	6	" I am so sorry , my good captain , my manners are unforgivable .
tr	9	His legs , now fully regenerated , were covered in just long strips of blood-stained fabric .
tr	10	Night was coming on now as the sun sank down to the horizon .
tr	8	They went down to breakfast ... ... not the pine table in the kitchen this morning .
tr	9	If Roark has to kill ... .
tr	9	What happened to ringing your mate ? "
tr	5	" Ok , give me the particulars . "
tr	10	" I hope you 're taking notes , boy . "
tr	6	He looks away , and I see his real face again .
tr	8	With a loud groan , almost a yell of aggravation , Hosni stormed out of the room once more .
tr	8	" If that is your wish , my lord , " bowed Finan .
tr	10	Look how pale he is .
tr	5	" Did your knowledgeable friends give you any other information ? "
tr	6	" It might be interesting .
tr	9	Claus dove for the stockings , hung by the chimney with -- Bear .
tr	10	He said , " Captain are you sure of Vella 's intentions ? "
tr	11	Isolated and few in number , they had been overwhelmed by sheer weight of numbers and all killed .
tr	9	Connor walked Maria to the trainers area in a roped off area on the pitch .
tr	10	I guess we 'll see on that .
tr	10	The Maldives would be lovely at this time of year .
tr	10	Got to enjoy yourself while you can .
tr	6	The IVs mean doctors , a hospital .
tr	8	Nobody knew that going in .
tr	5	" Oh yes , you 're the medical thing .
tr	9	Now , what do you fancy doing in Norwich ?
tr	10	" We need to stick to our original plan , " said Lynn .
tr	9	Now she was afraid of getting older .
tr	9	Sidney Southington , now Sidney Lyndon , had grown up to be a beautiful young woman .
tr	8	Frozen in position , their round faces locked eyes on their pups in the clearing beyond the tree .
tr	11	His brows were furrowed , and his hand had come to rest on his saber .
tr	9	Sweat covered him , dripping down his neck and his arms and moistening his undershirt and tunic .
tr	6	" But I love Laurence too , Mr. Mill . "
tr	9	Maybe he was going to let the whole Cliff thing drop .
tr	6	The sound of sirens filled the air in the distance behind us .
tr	6	It 's so frustrating ... I mean , first they are here , and next they are gone . "
tr	11	Claire let out the breath she had been holding , and gave a shaky laugh .
tr	7	~ ~ ~ Part 2 * Chapter 9 The Northern business .
tr	6	And lo , my friend , you are kindled , and what a fire you burn . "
tr	9	He strode toward them , but before he could get halfway , his mother closed the gap in a shuffling run .
tr	8	It has been his home for many years since .
tr	8	The Dark Spirit Temple is far more intimidating than Rift had anticipated .
tr	6	" Okay , you heard the man , " Flaherty told his men .
tr	6	Nice , hard cement under my feet .
tr	9	Nathan cut him off with a look and a point of his finger .
tr	7	" She will find the right time , " answered Waving Willow .
tr	7	I 'll be watching you !
tr	10	It seems to us that this is where the real action is . '
tr	8	Robbie what are your plans ? "
tr	9	But I couldn 't ask him to repeat it .
tr	10	He shook his head and managed to pull himself upright , staring forward .
tr	8	Unfortunately for him , Ganondorf arrived just after he became patriarch .
tr	8	" Can 't you tell us anything about it ? "
tr	9	He considered making a run for it .
tr	8	Everyone in the room froze as if time had stopped .
tr	6	Then , down far below , a swarm of black surrounded the kid and blocked our view .
tr	9	" But ... I ... I don 't know . "
tr	8	A glance over her shoulder showed the doors shut and barred .
tr	9	Somebody 's on some sort of an ego trip and it might well just bite them on the ass ! "
tr	11	Her sisters and brothers also had rings but none of these contained a singing Princess .
tr	9	Kai tried to ease himself off the table .
tr	7	After the next attempt he said , ' Let 's take a break . '
tr	8	Some of the sentries would return to the village , but others would join the war party and cross the river .
tr	9	Eat yourself half to death and then claim my favorite restaurant isn 't healthy ? "
tr	6	" Alex , I really - " " Too late , " I interrupted as the Sentinels threw open the gates .
tr	8	While the fire got going , he fetched a couple of other branches and sharpened their ends with his knife .
tr	6	With a cocky grin , one of the Cobras transferred his blade 's aim to Lucas .
tr	8	" You hit like your father , " the patriarch taunts with a glare of contempt .
tr	7	' That 's -- ' said Anna after a while .
tr	8	a voice from the front of the bus broke in .
tr	6	She looked small and fragile on the oversized bed .
tr	6	It sits uneasily in my stomach .
tr	8	When lit by a spark , it will burn very slowly .
tr	7	" Of course sir , I understand the nature of your connection to her .
tr	8	he asked without looking up .
tr	10	No one else would have dreamed of commanding one of the Children .
tr	8	President Cooper asked , disappointed at the turnout .
tr	10	" Was that supposed to happen ? "
tr	8	Does anyone know if we still have fire control ? "
tr	7	" My master wishes you dead , my task is to facilitate . "
tr	5	He wrestles it down again .
tr	5	And with the sun shining brightly the heavy machine entered the dark passageway .
tr	11	The highest things in her life prior to starting this assignment were her six inch steel stilettos .
tr	9	She looked out into the forest , picking her words carefully as she continued .
tr	9	What if she were horrified by the action ?
tr	5	In that long butchery a whole generation had perished .
tr	10	She waited while he sat , head low .
tr	6	Yet now they did , at least temporarily , and the atmosphere was buzzing .
tr	7	" Kid , you can refer to me as ' Beta ' .
tr	7	" Do you remember their names ? "
tr	7	Timothy puts the container back in the freezer , nods his head at Friedrich , and leaves the room .
tr	11	He tapped his gun , which was lying across his legs , impatiently .
tr	8	Silence rose from the lower depths of the turret .
tr	11	" We have to ask you a few questions Mrs. Downer if that 's okay ? "
tr	5	Through all that commotion and fighting we became great friends .
tr	7	' Well , apart from hair and skin tone they look alike , don 't they ? '
tr	10	He must live in a grand mansion out of the city , so I was prepared .
tr	9	Chuck hated to waste the effort and materials .
tr	8	The moon was only a crescent , and waning , but the stars were bright in the thin desert air .
tr	9	Grinning cheerfully from atop a steward 's shirt and jacket was the face she knew and loathed .
tr	9	He bent over and tied his shoelaces to secure his footing .
tr	7	He repeated this process throughout the house , everywhere except Heidi 's room .
tr	6	" Lena , get moving NOW ! "
tr	7	The world does not live for ever . "
tr	8	The tactical targeting visor also provided night vision and real-time satellite feeds .
tr	9	I 'm going to scout around .
tr	6	the lady with the big gun , " he said laughingly .
tr	7	" What did they do to you ? "
tr	8	" I would watch what you say .
tr	7	Mana stood up and said , " A very interesting little scene .
tr	8	The crowd that was dancing grew large and wild .
tr	8	He heard the same greetings but then they lowered their voices and spoke in whispers .
tr	7	Daniel dragged Tori to the deserted part in the library and they sat on the dusty tables .
tr	8	Badly blushing in the dim room , Rift doesn 't have the words to respond .
tr	10	To his horror he suddenly realised that his fingerprints were now all over them .
tr	10	I just couldn 't let whoever the kidnappers were capture and maybe hurt Simon and Miriam .
tr	10	I wish I knew why . "
tr	6	The sweepers either did their job well , or this isn 't a known entrance .
tr	9	My forefather had saved Logan 's ancestor 's life and I was a noble as a result .
tr	6	Occasionally , between his other pursuits , he finds a nice quiet place and writes .
tr	5	" Why just the other day she - " " Enough ! "
tr	11	I thought you said all Vampires were female ? "
tr	8	" Because Rafe took it into his head that Lady Adele was still in danger .
tr	10	It 's about time I put this little lady to bed .
tr	6	Are Pail Heron 's accusations baseless and only the results of her deluded perception ?
tr	11	He was a little star struck when Tsubasa responded .
tr	9	" Will you need data connectivity during your stay ? "
tr	7	Wiping his nose on one sleeve , he managed a husky , " Uh-huh . "
tr	8	He had to keep his strength up .
tr	9	It takes some getting used to .
tr	8	At seven in the morning the light was not coming from the East like it always did .
tr	9	" I hear you get a fill on the Council 's tab ?
tr	7	The Bastian noble held Godard 's gaze and shrugged nonchalantly .
tr	9	Only a blind fate could throw an untried girl into the world like this .
tr	10	Wolf Eyes began to separate them in to groups .
tr	6	" Of course , I spent years in a concrete dungeon at MIT . "
tr	9	If a desert had an abundance of liquid , then it would no longer be a desert .
tr	10	It appeared that they knew exactly who Bradley , Megan and James were .
tr	10	See if anybody remembers what happened .
tr	6	The bright sun lit their way through the shadows deep in the woods .
tr	11	Alex tried to locate the source of the sound , but could not .
tr	10	The boys wasted no time going to the Aviation hall of the 20th Century Exhibition .
tr	7	With his other hand , he gently eased the knife from my grasp and laid it on the table .
tr	9	Helen Spade asked when she joined him at the fence .
tr	10	I fell head over heels in love with her on sight .
tr	8	Fear spiked through the Prince 's body and he took another step forward .
tr	10	She looked about , careful that no sudden movement of her hood betrayed her inspection .
tr	7	" When that charge goes off , we pour through the hole and hit the enemy hard .
tr	6	A name on the Interpol site drew my eyes .
tr	9	They stared into space , seeing yet not seeing .
tr	10	How had a clan of Seekers infiltrated the Kindred and he hadn 't known ?
tr	8	came Drake 's impatient rumble .
tr	11	He had helped enough to have earned fifty horses .
tr	9	The phone clicked off and silence invaded the room , each lost in their own thoughts .
tr	10	" To be born into God 's spiritual family , you need to be born spiritually .
tr	7	But I must be on my way .
tr	9	Well seven to be exact .
tr	9	What sun there had ever been that day had long disappeared behind a cloud , not to return .
tr	9	The blackness consumed the land , and now it was at the base of his mountain .
tr	10	These horsemen were too numerous for me to rebel against , and the women had no sympathy on me , either .
tr	10	There was an inscription that made no sense to him .
tr	11	" You 'll need this video someday when you 're telling your grandkids about it . "
tr	11	" I guess you aren 't so scary after all , " Josie said .
tr	10	" I told you the girl wasn 't the only one being watched .
tr	8	The power plant of Kentucky Dam is shut down indefinitely and the whole JP is without electricity just like we are .
tr	6	Pack dynamics were fluid and only one constant remained : the weak fell below and the strong rose above .
tr	7	Inch by inch , the slow burn of embarrassment crept across my neck and face .
tr	11	I had to stay ze night after they poisoned me . '
tr	10	We might just catch up with your bus before it gets to Auckland . "
tr	5	" Where are you ? "
tr	9	" Yea I know , " said George , " I was just talking to her .
tr	6	" I heard something too , " one of the voices said .
tr	6	" I 'm very sorry , " Mark said .
tr	9	It was my twelfth day and I was just passing the quicksand entering the winding caverns .
tr	8	" Do you remember anything else ? "
tr	8	Reggie smiled in spite of himself .
tr	7	The two roared with laughter and slapped each other on the back .
tr	8	Bishop looked at Ryan angrily , turned , and the dumpy man went back to his plane .
tr	9	Connors intensity was starting to envelope the room .
tr	9	I said something stupid and he let me know it .
tr	10	Besides , they 're all we 've got now . "
tr	7	Gabe rolls onto his side and pegs me with a stare .
tr	7	Gordon walked forward , then slid down the embankment down to the water 's edge .
tr	9	One by one , motors started and the boats began pulling away from the dock .
tr	5	" Welcome , Miss Germaine , " a deep , scary voice said .
tr	7	And you live here , in the Bolivian countryside , and have an ostrich farm .
tr	9	" For all I know he may be dead , sir .
tr	10	" My kids don 't know what 's happened , " said Simm his voice quivering slightly .
tr	11	The guy who thought he was signing an offer letter to become the operations director of Secret Headquarters .
tr	8	His overalls are coated with dirt as well as his green shirt beneath them .
tr	9	The three men fell silent until Rafe turned again to Finan .
tr	8	His eyes took on a faintly glazed expression of anticipation .
tr	9	Blood and bone splattered the two cannons in a characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
tr	10	You take care of your mom 's babies , hell , you are your momma 's babies . "
tr	5	Not like me , you still have a chance . "
tr	7	" This rodent has stolen a necklace from me ! "
tr	7	The pilots used to tune in to a radio channel playing the old stuff .
tr	6	boomed Uncle Jeff , still navigating his way through the new family dynamics .
tr	8	How were you to know ? "
tr	7	He 'd never listen to us . "
tr	6	" She was very smart , " Mrs. Landry said , " but she was also impatient . "
tr	8	Cobb 's face went hazy a moment , thinking back on the encounter .
tr	8	Sky turned at the noise and saw her father cradling the baby .
tr	10	He tentatively extended his hand which she took and guided it to her belly .
tr	10	Sue 's husband asked , staring down at the now perfectly browned , perfectly cooked roast .
tr	11	- Do you prefer to meet painters ?
tr	7	Southern to be more specific , and South Carolinian to be exact .
tr	7	" I could go back out there .
tr	9	How does one person taking their eye off the road lead to a thirty car pile-up ? "
tr	8	He shouts , sprinting back toward the mill .
tr	9	" Alrighty , " I say stupidly as I stand up from my bed .
tr	9	Time enough later -- much , much later -- to talk to him about his Dad .
tr	11	I took time out of my beauty sleep to set up this crap .
tr	8	" Just to sit up . "
tr	9	Later we drove to the address of the attorney 's office .
tr	9	Trying not to move the traumatized leg too much , he moved it only slightly , cutting away the pant leg .
tr	7	Two and half to three hours later Go and Scarborough could see the finish line .
tr	10	" Maybe ... Lady Eda was asking what she thought of Lord Rafe . "
tr	8	The man spoke in a language Kurt didn 't understand .
tr	10	Victor 's bodyguard grunted and leaned out of the window , gun in hand .
tr	8	Connor sat on an empty bench outside the hotel as Lena briskly walked away .
tr	8	A hunt would career madly across the countryside , and such a course could not be calculated and avoided .
tr	9	" Ok , I 'll let Lumina know you don 't want the job . "
tr	7	" Oh yeah , well angels suck away body heat with everything else .
tr	6	Chapter Fifteen ' Revelation ' We all held our breath ; no one dared move .
tr	6	While a few traditions differed , the language , the customs , and the blood were all the same .
tr	9	However , remember what I said to you earlier . "
tr	6	' Well , I , er -- look , no one will ever believe it anyway Pat , okay ? '
tr	7	" I 'll bring 006 home , " said Toby .
tr	10	He asked her to trust him and she knew she did trust him .
tr	10	The wind knocked out of him , he grabs at his chest , attempting to catch his breath .
tr	11	But tonight I will give him his greatest gift when I reveal my pregnancy to him .
tr	11	Carlos finally stopped his fuming and walked around Josie , headed toward Kendall 's truck .
tr	9	As those youths were about to find out .
tr	7	Cade snorted , " I 'm the only real Watcher . "
tr	8	" Share now , before I make a scene . "
tr	9	A girl gang passes near me , and that teenage girls started to giggle when they saw me .
tr	11	She had found the two girls hiding behind piles of trash .
tr	7	But with a lithe twist of his torso , Olmec avoided the blow and caught the pirate 's wrist .
tr	6	She quickly turned it off , but it was too late .
tr	9	Later , when the couple took their leave , David agreed to go with them for the night .
tr	7	" Join me , " he proclaims , offering a hand .
tr	9	But it was obvious to all that a blow was coming , and so barge service ended early .
tr	7	The e-mail was , in fact , an invoice from a local florist .
tr	8	She laughed at the bundle of misery scuttling behind her .
tr	8	Gabriel frowned in frustration and slowly chewed his bread , then glanced nervously out the window , watching for Manuel .
tr	8	The back of his head connected with the headboard of his bed as he startled awake .
tr	9	The next day I took a side trip to the medical building to check on Benton .
tr	10	Her black eyes glowed with remembering the happiness of her childhood .
tr	10	" Simon , we haven 't had a chance to hear much about your school .
tr	10	It truly was a feast , as John kept saying all night .
tr	6	In fact , the more I struggled , the heavier and painful they got .
tr	6	Two seconds later , his assistant , Darrin , came out of the cat room just behind him .
tr	11	The man didn 't even glance at him , eyes locked on Elaina . "
tr	6	leaving about twenty feet for a birdy .
tr	8	My return would be accompanied by fame and fortune .
tr	7	Chris walked the half-mile into town to Dr. Feldman 's office .
tr	10	Now all we have to do is let it boil .
tr	8	That 's why I came prepared . "
tr	7	" Two men in it , both had cowboy hats on , something like Josh wears but dark brown .
tr	8	Scott wiped his sweaty hands on his pants and pushed the throttle to the max , but the plane barely lifted .
tr	9	With lightning speed , Warrior snaps its jaws and appears to swallow Jason .
tr	11	" I think I remember meeting him in the Oval Office once ... in the 1980s . "
tr	10	But first , they had to play Top of the Pops .
tr	8	The grave mood that permeated the room finally made an impression on him .
tr	11	It seems that your first attempt exploded just before completing one orbit .
tr	9	I could feel my vessel and myself becoming one ... " People of Gaia !
tr	7	Chris was ready for that .
tr	7	shot back Logan in a rage .
tr	8	He slid down the chimney , ready for anything .
tr	8	" Okay , I have some slides set up in the supply cabinet .
tr	10	The calf appeared to be a little premature , but not much .
tr	9	He could see himself on a farm with her by his side , building a future with her .
tr	7	Not like Icarus but with a plain .
tr	8	We followed the curve of the trail and came across a large scenic viewpoint .
tr	11	He could afford to be kind to her .
tr	8	I can 't take a sick child in there , it looks horrible .
tr	6	But in the distance , to my surprise , I saw a modern-looking Ferris wheel towering over the crowd .
tr	5	" With the proper handling , no , he 's not .
tr	10	Sensing her arms must ache , he offered to take turns carrying Laura .
tr	10	Waste of space to ship them down in capsules . "
tr	10	It was a word used by the Navajo whenever discussing them . "
tr	7	They squatted down and covered themselves with leaves and sticks of the fallen cane .
tr	8	I lost one at sea and the other one stands in front of me .
tr	10	I led you through the remote session when you connected to William ' s lab . "
tr	9	Having done that , he apparently thought it best to place it on the counter .
tr	8	Everything 's fine ; no need to get upset . "
tr	7	I had walked over to Logan by then .
tr	6	The windows matched the outside color , a mahogany blackness in the shadowy night .
tr	11	He was truly sober for once which was rather surprising .
tr	10	However , everybody was too polite to comment on his temporary absence .
tr	9	Are you familiar with it ? "
tr	6	Red , spiral glyph will ignite and induce illusory visual , audio or olfactory stimuli . "
tr	6	' Yeah , well , your man was already here , ' said the toaster .
tr	5	The Exiles , however , just seemed annoyed .
tr	10	My fingers were so cold , they were cramping as I reached for my next handhold .
tr	9	It had turned into a spontaneous holiday for the whole city .
tr	7	" Curiosity killed the cat ; maybe we should leave it alone . "
tr	6	Dion 's Innocence Kasey is my serendipity , angelic , and surreal asleep in her tiny twin bed .
tr	9	Came home and decided to fight crime .
tr	8	Melissa was a beauty with an hourglass figure and the IQ of lettuce .
tr	10	The phone continued to flash silently , dragging her eye from the accusing stare of the iPad .
tr	10	Catching up to check up on me or renew his advances ?
tr	7	There he was , in his jeans and sneakers with his floppy hair : it was Andrew , the surfer .
tr	7	" There 's dye and scissors in the other bag . "
tr	7	' No immortal has ever lived beyond seventeen deaths . '
tr	5	" These are my new friends , Isabella , Nora , and Leah .
tr	11	" I 'd be careful , but I think I have to try . "
tr	9	She put back his hand to its resting place after she had bandaged the wound .
tr	7	I sat through various questions about family pets , siblings , childhood , and embarrassing moments .
tr	10	Conway was close enough to see it more clearly .
tr	10	It 'll be easy to sort out .
tr	9	" Really , " Taylor frowned , " care to run that by me again ? "
tr	10	The bitch will not live long enough to be a mummy , " another chuckled out with mockery .
tr	10	He shouted as we continued to run .
tr	5	The blonde wig and heavy make-up disguised her red hair and pale skin .
tr	10	Ha , ha , course not , that wouldn 't be fair ! "
tr	5	In the bright , clear morning , like cold , saturating evening mist , the Grand Marshall was gone .
tr	5	Louis Leclerc , Matt Conway ; Conway , Leclerc .
tr	9	The red riverboat had docked near the High Bridge of Boats .
tr	8	When you mentioned coffee I remembered that the label reads ' Illy .
tr	7	" There 's nothing wrong with him !
tr	6	Missy asked at the same time .
tr	7	They run the entire length of the valley .
tr	8	Too quickly it was time to leave .
tr	10	Instantly , Lena dropped onto the porch , Trae collapsing beside her .
tr	6	He released the breaks and the plane slowly moved off its parking position .
tr	6	the old doctor called out to David in frustration .
tr	9	Davidoff held out a plastic container and Frank reached over to take an apple slice .
tr	9	It seemed a collective sigh came from the table .
tr	6	I stepped back , and two things happened simultaneously : she slowly regained her strength , and I slowly disappeared .
tr	5	What about my plane crash ?
tr	10	might have a bit of business for you . "
tr	5	All new granite , stainless steel and oiled walnut accented the décor .
tr	8	" Will you let me ? "
tr	9	the girl said wryly , tone breezy but eyes staring daggers at him .
tr	10	Brazen found himself smiling at the memories and dropped his head as they flooded through him .
tr	8	The murmur of conversation and screech of guard whistles rose around them .
tr	9	There are no ships in orbit save us .
tr	5	General Nathan Taylor 's official investigation was quick and efficient .
tr	10	You are the one who didn 't get it " .
tr	6	Combine white wine , lemon juice , melted butter , olive oil , minced garlic , and parsley .
tr	5	Courtney Cole 138 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Father ! "
tr	8	He coughed , and squinted through a window , but he couldn 't see much in the darkness .
tr	8	Get out of our house at once ! "
tr	6	He shoveled the black dirt into the open grave , in Florida air as thick as soup .
tr	9	It seems that your flight to the ISS has failed . "
tr	10	I did know who they were .
tr	10	" You know you can do this tomorrow , " she still insisted .
tr	7	It was a dark brown log building three stories high .
tr	8	Like , one Halloween , when we were nine , Rosemary was dressed up as Smurfette and they did to !
tr	6	And then she heard Noah 's voice .
tr	11	" I could not tell you that until first you had told me ... " She broke off swallowing with difficulty .
tr	7	" Jake , as you all know , grew up right here in River Sunday .
tr	5	" Yes , Mr Mark , Jon is my man .
tr	6	But the Angel and the Wise Old Man kept their own counsel on these questions .
tr	11	Although all of it was true to say the least .
tr	8	007 sat back in the driver 's seat , raised his eyebrows , and looked over his shoulder at Toby .
tr	8	They were bonding , as a group with a common goal .
tr	11	Fuchs will know you 're gone now , and they know you 're hit .
tr	6	Somehow , over the past week , you have tamed our daughter . "
tr	6	Even in his alcohol-induced slumber , the man 's face was ashen , and his skin looked clammy .
tr	7	A cold howling wind blew from his direction , it carried a slight trace of his energy within .
tr	11	Mark turned and walked to the flattened tent Logan was laying in .
tr	9	The first hadn 't shaved in weeks and wore a huge tattoo inscribed on one arm .
tr	8	The song is calling to me , and even my terror is muting in its wake .
tr	8	" Ok Lars , I have to go now . "
tr	7	Simon said to himself and flew down the steps .
tr	10	But she dared not turn to catch the Shaykh 's eye .
tr	8	Next , Ted opened a box of ammo and filled two small round devices with cartridges .
tr	7	The researcher walked over to a computer terminal and punched in his user name and password .
tr	11	Then he started jiggling the doorknob , seemingly in an effort to open the door .
tr	10	It sounded familiar , but he was still trying to process this whole caped , costumed thing .
tr	10	" You must think that we are a very strange family . "
tr	8	But the inn always served wine and cheese in the front room on the weekends between three and four .
tr	5	" But - " " Countess , " Gaius said quietly .
tr	5	" No , they didn 't , " Red Cliff sighed .
tr	5	" Hello , Miss Connelly , Mr. Lang , " Edwards said .
tr	11	" Alejo , I don 't think you can just tell them , " he said worriedly .
tr	9	Gabe 's energy is glowing bright , shredding the layers of my control .
tr	10	" I 'm going to kill you , " Branden declared .
tr	8	Let me answer those charges , you incompetent excuse for an officer . "
tr	11	The air itself seems to be alive , quivering and waving from the absurd amount of heat radiating from below .
tr	7	This time he didn 't cut her , he barely slapped her and it was a weird change .
tr	10	I was so weak I could not walk , my feet troubling me once again .
tr	5	At that , Adnan and Josh shared a brotherly embrace .
tr	9	" Dance with me , " she whispered in a tone no man could have refused .
tr	9	They made me first a lieutenant and then later a captain , because I handed them another well-known pirate . "
tr	8	He had no intentions of moving .
tr	10	That is one lesson I know by heart . "
tr	6	His brother 's voice was low and calm , the way Kurt remembered it .
tr	9	Claire lowered her head so her hair fell over her face .
tr	8	don 't even try to answer that , Viv , it 's purely rhetorical . "
tr	11	" I can see you are having difficulty , so let 's get back to our introduction , Rick . "
tr	9	' It looks like they intentionally designed it that way . '
tr	6	You were right , the best man and the bridesmaid should have a least one dance together .
tr	11	" Doesn 't look like they are going to , " observed Frank .
tr	9	A twig snapped off to his right , and his whole body surged with energy as he whipped around .
tr	6	Just this one slap of Jonas stayed as a souvenir on her skin .
tr	10	She seemed to concentrate , trying to let the pain pass .
tr	10	The ground is so drenched in blood that even centuries later , the dirt is still stained red . "
tr	7	I leaned down and kissed her gently on the cheek .
tr	6	" Is there a pilot ? "
tr	8	Even if he didn 't shoot her , the muzzle blast from the rifle would give her permanent hearing damage .
tr	5	" We found the time machine ! "
tr	7	A member of the cell worked in our offices , passing information back .
tr	8	Engaged practically , though the topic never came up .
tr	5	On , off , on , off , and then ... nothing .
tr	9	Right , so what is Robin Hood famous for ?
tr	11	That 's why you 're so cool about sparring ?
tr	9	He turned her around as she whimpered from the release .
tr	10	We 're living an episode of Days of Our Lives .
tr	8	He had at least another two miles on foot back to the gypsies ' camp .
tr	10	" What do you mean you couldn 't find him ? "
tr	11	But Paul had no intention of letting him get very far .
tr	10	How long had it been since he had had water ?
tr	11	Ceiling lights shattered above us and chips of plaster erupted in a cloud that quickly obscured the air .
tr	7	" We bring you here two villains , " the hangman said .
tr	9	Hailey ran straight to the dark entrance of the passage into the bricks .
tr	10	He looked up to see Thatch nod in agreement .
tr	11	Taylor was wondering if Lilly Ann would ever stop the sentence and breathe again .
tr	9	With Warrior offline and systems obviously damaged , constant manual adjustments will need to be made .
tr	8	Bradley went on , " Well , one thing is clear , we are next to a railroad .
tr	6	Once the fire started , the servants put together the tents .
tr	11	Do you think they saw ? "
tr	8	With his gun , Mac prodded everyone further into the room , except for the man curled up on the floor .
tr	9	Joshua had proven steady and reliable since the incident at the shack .
tr	8	The signs told them that it was a small group .
tr	7	Surprised at first , Ganondorf instantly recognizes the man from an unpleasant memory .
tr	7	The last few weeks were euphoric , but also difficult for Anderson .
tr	8	Now she has to pay the price .
tr	9	Mike waved from his table and caught Mark and Jon 's attention .
tr	11	* * * " How could you stupid slugs lose him ?
tr	6	Altogether , the look was urban , rebellious , dangerous , and damn effective on a vampire .
tr	6	" Jacob , I - " " I 'm sorry , " Jacob cut in soft as a kiss .
tr	5	With a chipper smile , Kron stepped off the tram .
tr	9	This all leads to folks taking offense to everything .
tr	8	Ben entered from the stairwell and crossed the room slowly , ignoring the others .
tr	6	" Is everything in order ? "
tr	8	He spots the dead rabbit sprawled on the floor .
tr	11	" You 're not going to lie around on your ass all day .
tr	11	He now regretted having gotten her involved in this .
tr	10	" Trust that what you have taught me will save me and Pedro . "
tr	7	" Those methods might be the problem , " said Mitchell .
tr	8	There was a steady , slow rain and a few claps of thunder .
tr	7	They proceeded for perhaps ten minutes steadily downhill through dense woods and foliage .
tr	8	I glanced at the rear view mirror at the sound of an explosion .
tr	11	I think he enjoyed hitting me in the head .
tr	7	He was not okay with it .
tr	9	My sister and I were given as slaves to pay off the debt .
tr	5	" Baby , the other ships , " Mona laments .
tr	9	Chinese takeout is not food ; it 's dessert dressed up in dinner clothing .
tr	6	" He 's dead , " the man said simply .
tr	10	Then would you mind if I will wait him here ? "
tr	11	Finn 's eyes flashed to hers from the spot on the ceiling he had been studying .
tr	8	She sat down and cupped her own mug of tea .
tr	7	The little girl took another step forward and held out her hand again .
tr	8	I lost myself in the steps and rhythm of the sport .
tr	10	I am old , so old I do not remember my childhood .
tr	7	" You took me away from everything , I had ever known and used me like a pawn !
tr	7	I 'll pick the men right now , and they can leave the city this afternoon . "
tr	11	You don 't look a day older than the last time I saw you . '
tr	7	That animal could tear me apart with one swift blow .
tr	6	" Very good , Caine , " the female cur mocked , obviously overhearing their private conversation .
tr	9	They all thought I 'd stabbed someone .
tr	6	But on the day he 's born , my world shifts , and Eros becomes my sun .
tr	7	" I 'm with Mr Stephens here , " the mechanic said .
tr	7	I peek into the closet and find it empty .
tr	6	It wasn 't wrong , it was as obvious and as inexplicable as gravity .
tr	11	She hadn 't really thought about the people that ran the hostels before .
tr	9	Little Mink had shortened the distance between them and now had his prey in sight .
tr	8	" So , who are you ? "
tr	5	' Maybe , so what 's the crack ? '
tr	9	squeaked Angelique , " You were watching me take a bath ? "
tr	9	George came into the kitchen with a pair of bottles , one tucked under each arm .
tr	10	We stumbled on one man setting Black Power to the granaries .
tr	10	There was the sound of a shot and the rattling of the phone as it hit the floor .
tr	10	All cultures respond to ze law of reciprocation .
tr	6	He turns and walks away .
tr	9	We 're going to ' slice the pie . '
tr	7	" You speak to all and I speak for all . "
tr	7	And open the package Mom told me to burn .
tr	11	Are you ready to answer them ? "
tr	10	" It makes sense if you think about it from a practical standpoint , " said Brazen .
tr	8	Logan made to rise but froze and smiled , almost sheepishly .
tr	8	' I 'll wear mine for poly tomorrow , ' Amy said unaware of Danny 's eyes admiring her curves .
tr	8	The winds had picked up and the ship cleaved the water , leaving a white trail behind .
tr	8	Are they safe sleeping here , with you ?
tr	8	She is sitting right next to him , so close he can feel her breath against his neck .
tr	9	I switched on the portable oxygen bottle on my back , disconnected from the console and checked my flow meter .
tr	7	One , grinning like a Cheshire cat , held a bin bag .
tr	11	' It 'd be nice to hear it in action . '
tr	9	" If this keeps up , we 're going to have an army . "
tr	10	Once finished it wouldn 't be any bigger than what his normal legs were .
tr	6	Josie looked up suddenly , her hands still in her pockets .
tr	11	" Uncle Jeff says it is one of the Old One 's , " blurted out Lex .
tr	8	" Sure , there 's a goat and sheep and didn 't Mary McKinney keep a stocked root cellar ?
tr	9	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	9	The side windows and back doors were adorned with drapes of similar colorful artistic expression .
tr	8	she laughed , meeting his eyes in the mirror .
tr	9	In those days , the world was not ready to embrace genetic manipulation .
tr	9	He looked at the end of his sofa bed and smiled .
tr	9	Despite the burden , he kept up with ease , even as they moved into the trees .
tr	8	" You think it none of my business ? "
tr	6	I struggled and kicked and landed a few good punches . "
tr	5	" What a buttocks the world has lost . "
tr	9	At the time , as you know , I was home in Murray for my father 's funeral . "
tr	6	The swaying motion was less frequent too ; we were close .
tr	10	" I 'll let you have the last word , this time . "
tr	6	Got a big V-8 360 with ... " Blake interrupted , " Okay , Catfish .
tr	6	I do not ponder Chuck Norris .
tr	8	She thought about Ruth , and all the time she had spent in hospital with her .
tr	8	I retreated from my friend and took up a cautious position next to our carriage .
tr	8	He leant over the sofa and looked at the game Sky had been playing on the iPad .
tr	8	George had bought a small estate in Eaton Bishop just down the road .
tr	7	They walked into the barn office , Jen closed the door behind them and sat at the desk .
tr	11	" Did you actually see me do that ? "
tr	9	I let out my breath and feel the skin unfold back down against my palms .
tr	8	" This could come in handy , " thought the elated Scarborough .
tr	5	And then at the same moment , Charlotte and Madeline did , too .
tr	6	From there I hacked your Facebook page , and there you were .
tr	10	Most of the rounds flattened against his skin , leaving only bruises or the most superficial of cuts .
tr	5	For the moment all was forgotten .
tr	10	I intend to put you to work .
tr	11	" No , never mind that ; give me a hand to get him up .
tr	8	They conversed in their way , no words spoken .
tr	7	She had joined the brokerage firm six years ago following her divorce .
tr	8	The wind picks up , gusting rain into my mouth and eyes .
tr	8	They also have a larger population , more military resources , and are essentially a dictatorship under Sampson .
tr	6	" So , Rick and her are a perfect match , " Dante offered .
tr	11	" We 'd be glad to have the help , " Chuck said , hoping it would be true .
tr	9	I suspected you wouldn 't get here . "
tr	6	" Oh , but you will , " said Ben and reached inside his jacket for his prescription pad .
tr	11	He snapped back to reality , noticing how close he was to the main sales counter .
tr	5	" Hey , you know what ? "
tr	6	' I honestly don 't know , ' I answered truthfully .
tr	9	I can 't trust you two on your own .
tr	9	The robots that worked with us have all become normal people .
tr	8	We stared at each other in disbelief , completely baffled by the Klein 's swift exit .
tr	6	Many members of both the House and Senate , also abandoning Washington , pledge their loyalty to the new reality .
tr	9	" She did not wish to marry you , eh ? "
tr	10	After eating the food for several minutes in contented silence , our host looked us over .
tr	7	The city is washed out , dry and nasty hot .
tr	7	The Prince held it horizontally across his open palms , and knelt .
tr	8	As the train slid to a standstill next to the platform , Claire stifled a groan .
tr	10	Lynn had just walked out of the building when the attack began .
tr	9	" Simon , you 'd better get going or you 'll be late for school ! "
tr	7	" That won 't be possible , " said Toby .
tr	8	" Is that Miss , or Mrs. -- oh , look , this is utterly ridiculous .
tr	10	Modern trends have shifted towards a restricted , or at least subdued , monarchy .
tr	6	he asked curious and callously , " Hopefully it 's deadly .
tr	7	" You just act like a proper second , and we 'll be fine . "
tr	11	The Firstborn was that sort of man , to lose his head in the pleasure of it .
tr	7	His heart sinking instantly , Rift is blindsided by the simple riddle .
tr	11	I smiled as I turned to face our mutual enemy , with my spear in hand .
tr	11	A cybernetic soldier who might or might not be receiving messages from God .
tr	11	It was Joe , his attorney , who had left city employment and now had his own practice .
tr	7	But we need to rendezvous -- maybe come to some alternative arrangements . "
tr	7	" How deep does the complexity of your thoughts go ?
tr	10	The life threatening racoons were either gone or unconscious so the group continued moving again .
tr	9	" As long as she does not hold us up , " he whispered .
tr	7	The conversation turned to more mundane matters .
tr	10	And the thought of having real milk on a regular basis nearly brought tears to her eyes .
tr	7	" Why come all the way to our solar system and attack Mars ?
tr	8	You 're all handsome , and in great shape , but all successful acts have defining images .
tr	11	Now what was he going to do ?
tr	8	" Making a run for it , Yank ? "
tr	8	Even from the other side of the road , I heard them laughing and chatting .
tr	6	Pierre , the chief mate , Alexi , Enrico and two other men sat around her .
tr	8	Her fingers touched the butt of her handgun nearly the whole ride into town .
tr	8	The mewing complaint begged to be heard .
tr	7	She tilted her head upwards and gazed up at the darkening sky .
tr	5	" Pause , T , " Alex said wearily .
tr	8	I hear its echo reverberate inside the house , and a chill runs all the way through me .
tr	10	The bag was pretty small , which Mike took as a very good sign .
tr	8	A green Humvee sat just outside the yellow landing circle , and a civilian stepped out as they approached .
tr	8	" No , not physically beautiful although she is , more like beautiful in her approach to the family . "
tr	10	He wasn 't sure where she was going with this .
tr	7	Experience for yourself the original voice of one of fantasy 's rising stars !
tr	11	She 's liable to be upset with me .
tr	10	I wonder if this is the one with the frying pan .
tr	10	" Sorry , " she repeated flatly , tears rolling down her face , " You didn 't look sorry .
tr	8	" Did I say that ?
tr	9	The Eiffel Tower rose impressively at the head of the Parc du Champ de Mars in front of us .
tr	10	" That 's not all I found there , " said Mac .
tr	9	They just never let me take her out for a spin . "
tr	6	Fritz folded Taylor 's hand over the ring .
tr	11	" But that was my bedroom -- that I have always slept in -- since my father was here . "
tr	10	' I 'm sorry to point out the obvious here , but didn 't someone just mention a vaccine ? '
tr	11	" How come you 're done with school ? "
tr	10	Elaina was a little surprised he 'd taken it off at all , even to sleep .
tr	8	" Have you been long in your quest ? "
tr	9	Now the fabulous Kingston would no longer have to run , and neither would Scarborough .
tr	11	Time passed by and Jonesy reminded VIN that he had been out nearly 90 minutes .
tr	7	Killing us in ignorance left us dead all the same .
tr	6	" Leave , " Tuck 's mom said in a low voice .
tr	8	" Lieutenant Flaherty , " Destro said , looking directly at him .
tr	5	With a supreme effort , Julie stretched her fingers forward .
tr	5	Fifteen feet , ten feet , five feet .
tr	5	In my mind , it is not a difficult measure . "
tr	9	' If you want to live , give me your gun ! '
tr	6	When the shuttle starts , you walk up and block her Imp .
tr	11	No wonder Face had to trust him .
tr	10	I flew after her , bumping against the smooth sides of yet another tunnel .
tr	9	Mark eyed the kids carefully , for the first time really taking in their off-road motocross clothes .
tr	7	" Alright , " Scott said and turning , came back down the hill toward the foreman at a slow pace .
tr	11	Toby looked to Victoria , who nodded in agreement .
tr	7	Without any announcement several more ducks swooped in from whereabouts unknown and the fight was on .
tr	10	We 've found a number of these , a half dozen or so , though that 's no surprise .
tr	10	Fuckers stuck me with a needle of some kind of drug .
tr	10	Always said she 'd made a mistake marrying ' im . "
tr	8	It was well made and still in good shape .
tr	10	" I thought you preferred the physical side of things .
tr	8	He had friends there , and he would have been told .
tr	7	She was still smiling , there was no reproach in her words .
tr	11	The two of them stared at each other , locked in tableau for a long moment .
tr	10	" I suppose we could lock them out and call the cavalry . "
tr	10	We will die , my husband and I , if you will not lend us your skill .
tr	6	His eyes were cold , his face was relaxed , his arms did not tremble .
tr	10	A noisy gurgling and lapping beyond the dense thicket indicated that the dragon was drinking at the pool .
tr	10	Friedrich grunted and took a thin coil of climbing rope from his belt bag .
tr	7	The fingers of his left hand tugged at the leather tassels on his belt betraying his discomfort .
tr	6	" We 're not out of the woods , yet , by any means .
tr	11	The dragon 's head was knocked violently to the side with the crack of steel on bone .
tr	8	" Not all are so kind as you , " he smirks , half sarcastic , yet half serious .
tr	9	You may live in any unit of your choosing .
tr	9	When 's the last time you had one ? "
tr	11	Probably trying to keep me from freaking out .
tr	8	By this time , some of the closer neighbours were stepping out of their driveways and onto the pavement .
tr	8	" Fucking Chechens , " he hissed , falling into his seat .
tr	10	" I think you 're making it worse . "
tr	6	... full of piss and vinegar , " Morgan continued , " will get macho stupid pretty quick .
tr	6	' The handwriting looks similar , ' I murmured .
tr	10	I must take this back somehow , undo the damage I have caused .
tr	11	I waited sas they took their sweet time strolling up .
tr	11	She was amazed to find them practically stripped .
tr	9	Besides , that was where his nose was leading him .
tr	11	Her eyes widened in horror at the sight of the grenade in Mark 's hand .
tr	5	Under the table her animal skin bed roll was carefully stowed .
tr	10	And she had rescued him , from the bowels of a Seeker 's lair .
tr	10	Turning , she saw him standing in the middle of the road .
tr	7	It was then I noticed the bruise on her face and the blood on her lip .
tr	11	He distantly responds , keeping his back to them as a hush falls over the area .
tr	10	The coach finally reached their stop and the boys helped transfer their things into the taxi .
tr	7	Simon held up his hands , quieting the mob .
tr	8	He smiled at everyone , often waving like a beauty queen .
tr	9	Lawyer who went to Tulane .
tr	6	Inside the store the smell of fresh baked bread filled my nose .
tr	8	He began to relax slightly .
tr	11	He focused on the shadow until it disappeared behind a stand of trees .
tr	8	Nirvana 's armor fell open and the man threw it aside as Cake arrived .
tr	9	Break into every airtight larder , every closet and crate and pot -- everything the light does not touch .
tr	9	And the Iranians had built many hospitals and schools in needy parts of the country .
tr	11	They were still sitting thus when Adele heard the snap of a twig .
tr	10	I wished I had never come on this trip !
tr	8	At this temperature , the plastic diagram was beginning to crack .
tr	11	Remember you said you had some silver . '
tr	7	" All right , " she said , " I give up .
tr	8	Backing toward the door , the boy 's bravery is called into question , and rightfully so .
tr	10	It would have to be for five , though .
tr	10	Sitting next to her , with her hand in his , Roberto began at the beginning .
tr	10	He felt like he was being watched now .
tr	7	Slowly the lights in the buildings clicked off and he adjusted the goggles accordingly .
tr	10	I didn 't want to deal with him anymore .
tr	11	" Thanks , Linda good job ; say would you mind attending dinner with us Saturday evening . "
tr	8	" What do you know about scars , boy ? "
tr	10	The cousins could see that the Angel was evidently disturbed .
tr	9	It was also odd that General Sampson was not at this event .
tr	5	" Are you all right , my Rosa ? "
tr	9	How on earth did they get past the guard at such a late hour ? "
tr	11	It was the same old man who had spoken to Andy at the museum !
tr	7	She is a magician , an augur , but she creates light . "
tr	5	Different people ... Different ideals ... Different purpose , dreams , directions .
tr	9	Alejo tried to tell himself he should be happy .
tr	8	I wander the beach looking for a bucket .
tr	5	" My god , she 's just a baby .
tr	7	In that moment , the Minotaur hit me , throwing me away .
tr	7	I screamed in my head , but I dared not say it aloud .
tr	10	She felt humiliated by the experience and she could see that he loved her discomfort .
tr	7	My meditation came to an abrupt end , and I sat straight and listened .
tr	10	Wingnut stepped aside to let the junior man do the scanning .
tr	5	A total white-out , just like the other day . "
tr	9	There was a small fracture in the wall of the syringe .
tr	8	" Rift , " the old man sighs , palming the dusty organ for balance .
tr	6	The further along the path , the more she cautiously swept her eyes side to side .
tr	11	The Jamaican man asked trying to start a conversation with his passengers .
tr	11	He directed two platoons to advance parallel to each other until they spotted enemy .
tr	6	We again retrieved our gear , left the ship , and once more , boarded another train .
tr	9	This is going to be bad .
tr	9	He would be booted out before he even started .
tr	7	He looked over , saw a playful gleam in her eyes , and just shrugged again .
tr	8	Bill struggled to keep up .
tr	9	" They haven 't found the bodies of any Americans , " he added after a while , then looked away .
tr	7	" You must stay here for the time being .
tr	10	Kaylie 's team put in two more past a dejected and frustrated goalkeeper and went on to win eight to two .
tr	11	" I think I 'm ready now , Mana , " Miriam said .
tr	6	Rising , I drew out my own blade and looked about once more .
tr	9	We 'll be a laughing stock if the audience notices Puck is pregnant . "
tr	10	He needed to find the Seeker of Truth .
tr	7	Logan rolled through the dirt , wrestling the valet .
tr	10	" No worries , " he said to her still gasping for air from laughing .
tr	9	I continued relating the story of our survival .
tr	5	' The keys , please , ' he said sharply .
tr	8	contemplated Simon whilst trying with two fingers .
tr	7	" Yes , " Mr. Thomas began , " I too have seen the same odd storm only one other time .
tr	9	His face looked like Davey Jones jumbled with Rob Zombie .
tr	10	She taught Sky , knew how clingy Ruth was .
tr	6	We 'd better shower , sweetheart , folk are coming up shortly . "
tr	7	Above the article on the first page was a photo of a smiling Arthur Cobb .
tr	5	" Okay , so what 's the plan here ? "
tr	8	Tim 's mother said leaning in through the door .
tr	6	They all wore crazy hats as a weird tradition in Magnolia Boarding School .
tr	10	" Not nearly enough it would seem , " she admits , still sifting through the visions in her head .
tr	5	Courtney Cole 7 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Well ? "
tr	9	I muttered wryly as I rose to my feet .
tr	9	Gabe is a head taller than me and thin as a coat rack .
tr	7	Jacob sat back in the recliner and looked at the ceiling .
tr	9	Now to run like hell .
tr	11	It was obvious that Joe had a certain skill set developed through specialized training .
tr	7	When I mentioned it , Logan mirrored my thoughts but raised a valid point .
tr	9	He was throwing things into the saddlebag in total disarray .
tr	9	She 's ready to go , " she explains , handing the reins to Link .
tr	8	Some of the holes showed matching ones in his skin , enough to sicken him .
tr	10	They finally settled on one each , opening and calling out what they found .
tr	11	It was only useful to remind people to leave .
tr	9	" Do we take him with us , set him free , or what ? "
tr	6	It wasn 't a knock-off , it was a real red diamond .
tr	10	" Funny to hear you call someone else a savage . "
tr	9	Was what she said in Russian .
tr	7	" Take care of her . "
tr	10	" Lady Elaina , we don 't have time to be rebuilding villages ! "
tr	7	There was still not much light even from the stars and there was no moon .
tr	7	Do they live out there ? "
tr	5	' More than " suggests " , Commander , ' I said .
tr	10	' I apologise for bothering you at such a late hour , ' I replied in French .
tr	10	" It is time to end this conversation ; I 've grown bored with your dumbness , girl . "
tr	10	One time when they got near the front of the line , the bread ran out .
tr	6	" My wife , my Rosa , I love you . "
tr	8	" He threw a bucket of piss on you , you said . "
tr	5	" Oh , dear , oh , Luke , I never , honestly .
tr	7	" If you don 't study hard you could end up like your father . "
tr	10	I tried not to look at anyone and kept my eyes forward , thinking about home .
tr	7	" Sometimes they rent it to skiers , but this time of year it 's usually vacant . "
tr	9	He said , " I 'm not as fearless as you think .
tr	7	" Best I go home and have a well deserved shower and rest .
tr	8	It seemed like a dream , walking through deserted cities .
tr	9	" The food they took was food stolen out of your son 's mouth . "
tr	6	Ian , Mandisa , Karina , Charles , Kate , Mercy , the children , and the rest of the staff .
tr	11	It was disgusting how unflappable she could be .
tr	6	In the next instant their mothers stood up from their foraging .
tr	9	While I 'll sweep Francesca off her feet .
tr	5	" Yup , nice job , " Ted said .
tr	11	She couldn 't seem to get enough of it .
tr	10	The screen flickered as it listed the data for Mac to read .
tr	9	We young ones should still listen to our elders , I suppose . "
tr	6	" You have a beautiful healthy young boy , " she told him .
tr	10	All of the bills appeared to be uncirculated with consecutive serial numbers .
tr	7	By the time the squad reached the landing field on the north lawn , their gunship was already standing by .
tr	7	You boys don 't wander off too far , this won 't take long . "
tr	6	In the afternoon , several people from their church came to the house .
tr	10	There was too much going on in his head for him to try and be social .
tr	11	He immediately ordered the waitresses to pass out refills for everyone 's drinks .
tr	5	" A blunder , actually , my dear Viscount , " he said mournfully .
tr	7	" Get up here and help me , " Dave ordered .
tr	11	Mac wondered if the swarms could survive space like he could .
tr	5	As a plant mechanic , with no college education , Larry made a modest living .
tr	7	If you continue , it 'll only worsen for her .
tr	9	Needless to say it didn 't work .
tr	9	I guess it can 't do any harm .
tr	6	One by one , the riders stepped off their motorcycles and removed their helmets .
tr	7	I am the Executive Director of the bank .
tr	7	But whenever John 's groups hit a target it was fast , efficient and expertly planned .
tr	10	Vella showed genuine surprise ; Sam and Ned moved in to place them in cuffs .
tr	7	" Come on , let 's try this way .
tr	9	I watched as the cogs in his tiny brain worked their way around .
tr	8	She looked across the hostel car park at the residential brick building of Sheringham YHA .
tr	6	" Mr. Beaumont is indeed a most handsome man , " she stammered , " as you well know . "
tr	10	His head was cocked to one side , expressionless , motionless -- neck broken .
tr	9	" Relax sport , I 'm not going to hurt you . "
tr	9	Reid had moved across the aisle and taken the seat next to mine .
tr	11	' Let 's wait and see what Doc finds out . '
tr	10	Or how you want to call it " .
tr	5	" I eat , I drink , I sleep , I bathe .
tr	9	The red-haired driver swore as the wheel twisted between his hands .
tr	6	What 's it been , ten , twelve years ? '
tr	9	We paused in front of the second doorway and listened intently .
tr	8	" We 've worked together for years , " said William .
tr	11	Finally I slumped over and put my head in my hands , not wanting to look at him .
tr	9	I 'll join you for a drink ; I have nothing at the hotel to go back to . "
tr	6	Murray picked up the idol , his expression reminiscent , longing , perhaps a little regretful .
tr	10	Maybe I should shave this beard and stick it on top of my head !
tr	5	" Well , not always Archie , but everyone else does . "
tr	5	" I am not nervous ! "
tr	10	There is no need to be in a hurry .
tr	9	" It 's okay , I 'm sure you 're trying . "
tr	8	" Now who 's angelic ? "
tr	8	" Luckily , a ruler by the name of Constantine gave the Spear , in secret , to the Catholic Church .
tr	6	" Please Maya , " Gabe whispers , " sit this first one out .
tr	10	Leaning his head closer to his second-in-command , Roberto strained to hear as Pierre softly continued .
tr	9	Her voice had moved higher in pitch , becoming increasingly painful to the ear .
tr	9	Maybe she 'll turn into one of your silver Audis at the touch of a button !
tr	9	The Laird of the Castle shook each man 's hand and bid them to take a seat .
tr	8	His eyes twinkled as he let out a low whistle .
tr	7	" Well , thank goodness for that ! "
tr	8	Not that I would have let him .
tr	7	" Toby , is that an accelerometer suit ? "
tr	8	They were sick of the changes , tired of the Revolution , and scared for their own necks .
tr	5	In , out , she breathed , slowly , each intake and exhalation precise .
tr	8	" No , " she said , her voice barely above a whisper .
tr	10	Mark led Josie the thirty feet down the aisle of parked cars to Jimmy 's truck .
tr	5	" Even my friend Red Cliff was once a sailor .
tr	6	He comforted himself with a glance at his own elegant , efficient clothing .
tr	5	Oh , this , by the way , is Police Commissioner Frobisher . '
tr	7	" I recce 'd the whole area ... we will be alone ... .
tr	8	How could this be part of their valley ?
tr	9	" What do you think you should do ? "
tr	9	He knew exactly what the agents were looking for .
tr	10	Nothing in Adele 's face suggested that she had heard his remark , but somehow he knew she had .
tr	6	It would break her heart .
tr	9	" Dad will let us know in a bit . "
tr	6	The touch of her small hands , the feel of her silky skin , the sway of her body .
tr	9	My chest tightened as memories from Pennsylvania rushed back .
tr	8	With her not awake to witness my torture , I lost interest and let go of her .
tr	6	' Sorry , ' Raphael said , ' you 're losing me here .
tr	5	" For example , we perceive solid , liquid , gas - matter .
tr	11	I plopped on the couch even though a part of me wanted to run away .
tr	7	I just want to seat and relax . "
tr	11	Her eyes appear betrayed , as if Rift has just chosen another woman over her .
tr	10	I 'm certain he was anticipating an assault . "
tr	7	" They don 't want to excel .
tr	11	He was always close by when Faro was in my presence .
tr	5	" Apparently he wasn 't , " Drew answered dryly .
tr	11	" I doubt these can keep up for that long , but others will replace them . "
tr	9	" I have no idea what First Clan would do , George . "
tr	7	One after another , in their slight variations , the ultimate desirable forms of human appearance scrolled past as Zed snickered .
tr	6	" My lady , " Zachary begins , his voice nervous .
tr	11	This battle was going to be one for the legends .
tr	9	One pierced its neck , and the other shattered the medallion hanging around his chest .
tr	5	" Good morning , Superman , " she said , and smiled .
tr	6	He crossed the room and grabbed my hand .
tr	5	" Oh , the hell , no , " her brother barked .
tr	8	" If you value your life , you will be deathly silent , or you will be dead . "
tr	7	" No , but it doesn 't really matter anyway , " Ted replied .
tr	11	Every day she practiced opening and closing the box until she could do it without the instructions and do it fast .
tr	10	" Might we lower the sword for civility 's sake ? "
tr	9	The Prince felt a soaring feeling in the pit of his stomach .
tr	7	On the far side of the enclosure Claire could see the orange tiger dozing in the sun .
tr	10	Robbie 's soft Scottish burr seemed somehow in keeping with the old paneled room , the fire and the dogs .
tr	7	I leaned down further and reached for the object .
tr	7	" Wan na know ? "
tr	6	Roberto looked at her with curiosity .
tr	10	Mikael Olsson had hardly changed in the decade since I had last seen him .
tr	6	" Yes , I have , Miss Cassandra Winters , " he said , and held out his clipboard .
tr	8	Your time of spies and plans with Neil is over , daughter .
tr	9	Why didn 't you land flying straight and why are we zigzagging now ? "
tr	9	Even Manuel said he would go , but his father just looked at him with a glare and refused .
tr	5	" Good , the men in our unit want this over with .
tr	9	' What do you know about the murder of Professor Strauss ? '
tr	9	" I ... I haven 't been using the Talisman , " the Prince said , and felt guilty and ashamed .
tr	6	But the children themselves , they are always alive and kicking and strong and ever boys .
tr	8	" You know , I don 't really have a good word for it so never mind . "
tr	6	Cael hit the ground hard , the last of his air pummeled from his lungs .
tr	6	It 's eyes were a deep , limpid brown and its skin was baby blue .
tr	10	Tracy 's gon na catch us , " he said .
tr	8	" Their leader Brazen is smart and has unified all the gangs under his cause .
tr	9	There was dreadful news to be told .
tr	8	He had no trouble going through customs .
tr	11	" Do you guys know something I don 't ? "
tr	8	Blood sprays out from his nose , ears and mouth , splattering in all directions .
tr	9	Objects do not have unique , individual spirits like we do , they have something more basic , more general .
tr	7	" I think so ... " said Bethany thinking to herself .
tr	8	Somewhat mellowed , he reached for another biscuit and bit into it just as the door reopened .
tr	7	' If you would please take a seat ?
tr	8	' No , but we do , and they 're very close friends of ours . '
tr	10	Brazen decided on the spot that he liked the man and should be honest .
tr	9	It 's a pretty shrewd business model if you think about it .
tr	9	There must be at least twenty hostels in Cumbria and , besides , this isn 't Casablanca .
tr	10	Anita asked pretending to fan herself .
tr	7	' I 'm only on my tenth , ' said Bruno finally .
tr	7	This was a hundred times worse .
tr	9	Jennie turned towards him her arm over the back of the seat .
tr	7	The new guard returned along the path and spoke to the braves at the canoes .
tr	9	' Well , the major said we wouldn 't die , ' Reid replied drily .
tr	6	" You and Terry sit down , " said George , " I do the serving this morning . "
tr	6	' Soul it is then , ' he said .
tr	6	But ... " " I saw it too , " I said .
tr	10	replied Jonesy , excited for the first time since they had arrived in Las Vegas .
tr	10	You can help the carpenters carry wood , do someone 's dishes , or even bring the guards water .
tr	7	If you 're listening , Mary , we could use your grace about now .
tr	11	Around us , servants milled about carrying things , cleaning , and maintaining the efficiency of the building .
tr	6	The colors and sounds of the Extravaganza swirled around me .
tr	8	Standing only shoulder width apart , sauntering down the side of the road was a buck and a black bear .
tr	10	" He would have made us slaves to the West !
tr	11	It was nice talking to both of you .
tr	6	" Jason ... understood , " Aria 's voice responds sadly .
tr	7	' Not only does he know , he thoroughly approves , ' Victor said coldly .
tr	7	" We had a strict contract with the museum .
tr	8	Julie tried to get it .
tr	9	She thought of bringing the matter but it seems that it was not the right time .
tr	10	It was saying nothing was right .
tr	9	He 'd convince her eventually , he knew , as long as he was patient .
tr	8	" What shall I do with miserable wretch ? "
tr	8	Water began to pool on the ground around the stone man .
tr	10	The night is filled with cricket harmonies and the slow dip of fireflies below .
tr	8	" But before I say anything , you got ta cross your heart . "
tr	6	A single strand of pearls enhanced the sculpted nose , thin , unpainted lips , and tanned skin .
tr	9	After studying the keyhole for a moment , Reid inserted a fine pin inside it .
tr	8	He swept aside the hair still lacking style since her skinhead days eighteen months previous .
tr	8	Exiting the grove lining the road , we strode through the fields towards the chateau .
tr	10	It was time to visit William 's lab .
tr	7	So , yes , to answer your question , we flooded the planet . "
tr	8	Conversely , it can contain all sorts of unforeseen danger as well .
tr	7	" But I must see the king , " he wailed in Old Persian , surprising even himself .
tr	6	" That 's at least a two day hike , " Eduard said .
tr	9	" Viv ... there 's little point in raking up the past .
tr	6	He looked again at Rafe .
tr	7	As he studied her the door shut on its own .
tr	5	Perhaps out of instinct or habit we followed that set path .
tr	5	ABOUT THE AUTHOR : Freedom fighter , jungle explorer , international mercenary , Riviera jewel thief , jet pilot and gigolo .
tr	11	Amphibious vehicles had already crashed onto the shore releasing dozens of men .
tr	7	" We should call your family , " he said .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " she whispered past the stinging lump in her throat .
tr	9	" I hope this is not an official visit " warned Kevin never taking his eyes of the coffin .
tr	11	Are you trying to kill me ? "
tr	11	He had finished his workout just in time to start his workout .
tr	9	How far had they been able to go ?
tr	10	As if needing to restore the balance , Claire heard her mother cluck her tongue .
tr	9	" I think he left after a stroll around the town .
tr	9	I hear French prisons can be rather comfortable . "
tr	7	" The guards kept them out of the city , and Link showed up just in time . "
tr	10	For some reason the Nazis thought that Ivan looked like a Jew and he was taken .
tr	6	But moments later , a warm tingly sensation shot up my arms and reverberated down my back .
tr	7	" What do you think , Brogan ? "
tr	5	" No , that 's not it , either , Melissa .
tr	7	The bartender looked thoughtful before he spoke .
tr	5	' Only a single horseman , and he made off westwards .
tr	6	" Where are you going , Rick ? "
tr	9	The tribe was scandalized when they returned and he announced that she was his wife .
tr	9	The woman was so surprised that she was completely dumbstruck .
tr	6	' Great , ' I said , ' it sounds really good . '
tr	11	I didn 't had no idea where was I. Clearly , I got lost .
tr	6	said a frustrated Coke , " You know the baby ! "
tr	8	Harry always used to say ... ' George has my six . '
tr	8	By now bottles were flying through the air and several groups of combatants had blocked the path to the door .
tr	7	" Please get up and tie your ankles to the chair legs Tony ... .
tr	9	Everything was going to be all right .
tr	5	' Then that means -- ' ' Yes ! '
tr	11	He did want to love more .
tr	6	The three brothers stepped forward again , and again the remaining soldiers took several panicked steps back .
tr	9	" Why didn 't the two of you just rip him to shreds . "
tr	5	" Clipped his wings . "
tr	10	We are anxious to hear of your travels . "
tr	9	The Prince of Oxen followed him and brought the entire place down ; there 's barely a single column left standing .
tr	6	" Start with the first day you met William and end with you in this cell . "
tr	5	This is the greatest triumph . "
tr	10	What will they throw at us when the bill goes up for vote ? "
tr	8	" This is where we part ways .
tr	7	The destruction of our equipment might have had a less sinister purpose . "
tr	6	In the first picture she recognised Calvin , happy and full of colour .
tr	8	She whispered , glancing up at him .
tr	7	Elsewhere , a beautiful girl , her billowing clothes hanging off her gorgeous frame , was singing .
tr	7	Then he erased his pained expression and scooted closer to her .
tr	9	A year from now , they 'll be proudly telling of the eager work they did .
tr	8	Then it turned to ashes and vanished in the thin air , an illusion .
tr	11	We would carefully cut some of the mistletoe for decorating the tavern tonight to everyone 's delight .
tr	9	Do you believe that ? "
tr	8	Tori just ... just please watch out honey , " Mrs. Collins said .
tr	10	They were going to be leaving Gabriel .
tr	10	' Uncle Nick reckons Vox are the cornerstone of British rock .
tr	8	How did you all get involved in the first place ?
tr	8	His playing became less zealous , and more frazzled , when suddenly , " POP ! "
tr	8	" Hey , Johnny , you want to give me a hand ? "
tr	7	" Not many belles are handy with a pistol . "
tr	9	The leader stepped forward , a cruel snarl twisting his lips like a vicious hound .
tr	5	" Poplar Lake , about six years ago , " I filled in .
tr	8	Once we arrive at the forest , the next course we choose shall be yours .
tr	6	" So , how far 'd you get with Zombie Hordes ? "
tr	6	" Please ... honey , " said William .
tr	7	" It 's yours Chosen One , it 's yours , " it said .
tr	9	" It will be full dark soon , time to be home . "
tr	9	I removed a card from the inside pocket of my suit and showed it to her .
tr	6	Alejo 's mouth twisted into a grim smile .
tr	11	Camden 's expression turned to one of determination , a stone like resolve upon his brow .
tr	5	" Here , " Stacy handed him the books .
tr	8	" Emergency Manual Lock Controls -- South " said , the bright yellow stenciled lettering on the grey metal door .
tr	9	Three unlit stars sagged on a brick red wall splattered with graffiti .
tr	6	" Hello , Mrs. Pond , " the office said , in a friendly manner .
tr	9	The second photo included a blonde , she guessed must be Amy .
tr	6	Many nobles , and not too few peasants , didn 't like the change .
tr	5	Warped , riveted , a different colour entirely , this needed another explanation .
tr	5	At the time , we were juniors .
tr	10	I wasn 't in my Audi A5 as that was too well known round here by now .
tr	8	The newcomer had a grimy patch over his eye , a decided limp , and a stench like putrid flesh .
tr	8	He slid himself further up the bed pushing his back against the pillows .
tr	8	After washing up and changing clothes , Harold went to find Doctor Bobby Wilson .
tr	9	It seems you have a new name , " said Toby .
tr	9	" I carried you like a sack of potatoes " laughed Simon .
tr	9	I found myself on the floor , the handle of a case in each hand .
tr	6	" So this friend in Paris , is he French intelligence ? "
tr	7	The wind slid through his soft black hair and his open jacket caught the wind and rippled .
tr	7	They left the broken city behind and flew to the military base just outside the city .
tr	6	Later , back from an extra shift Katherine dialled her grandparents ' .
tr	8	As far as Taylor could see there were no women present .
tr	11	" I wouldn 't apologize to you if you were the last people in the world ! "
tr	7	Outside the village , he went to the creek and dove into the water .
tr	9	" I 'm glad you brought that up .
tr	6	" Can we be ... displaced to that time , T ? "
tr	9	The whole situation seems to be tearing him apart .
tr	7	A hush fell below us , drawing our stares .
tr	9	" Yes , we know , " uttered Drake , more to himself than to me .
tr	6	Two coffees please over here , we 're freezing and we need a hot drink ! "
tr	10	What 's going to happen now ?
tr	8	Alex interrupted , " You should leave me back here instead , Dad .
tr	9	The wedding chamber was filled with tapestries and the alter they approached burned with incense .
tr	8	Joe Bishop demanded , looking angry and pretty worried at the same time .
tr	10	Room after room stacked with bones and grinning skulls unrolled around us .
tr	11	At the time I thought it was miraculous that the bullets missed me .
tr	8	Empty military vehicles were lined up along the border , but the soldiers , supplies , and weapons were gone .
tr	6	" These two , Nikolas and Tim , are my grandsons , and the others are my soon-to-be wards . "
tr	9	" It was killed by a starving hunter , Baron , " Thatch scrambled to explain .
tr	10	" You don 't have to do this , " David found himself saying .
tr	9	The boys stood for a moment and marveled at the sheer size of these ancient trees .
tr	7	She had no need for that dress .
tr	8	Anna 's fingers moved on one of the keyboards .
tr	7	" I 'm erasing this conversation , " he said .
tr	6	" I think , " he said , " you might , for once , be wrong . "
tr	6	Frustrated , Gundam threw up his hands and walked off .
tr	10	" Like hell I 'm going to just give him to you .
tr	10	The man was in a hurry and did not bother to cover his tracks .
tr	8	Jacobs swiveled his chair towards her with concern bordering on distress .
tr	9	Not pausing for an instant , he continues to sprint forward , every section traversed quickly falling in his wake .
tr	10	He seemed perfectly content to sell roses all day .
tr	11	" You are the only person in CIC and I presumed you were speaking to me .
tr	9	Place better than Fiddler 's Greens that ocean is ! "
tr	8	" Don 't be angry with her .
tr	7	" Stop saying the plan is stupid , " Leah said , calmly composed .
tr	11	Surely it wasn 't to get to me was it ?
tr	7	But I never felt comfortable trusting in its own inherent security , it was too much to risk .
tr	9	This observation prompted Simon to quickly excuse himself and sprint back home .
tr	6	At first glance she totally eclipsed Adele with her brilliance .
tr	7	Drifting into the crowd , Cade made his way north through the city to the port .
tr	10	Ducking through various alleyways and backstreets , we paused to take stock of our position .
tr	7	He turned away from the stone steps , and stopped dead .
tr	7	" Aye , ' tis true laddie , " he said grudgingly , though his eyes twinkled .
tr	6	One of the men pointed his baton toward a building across the yard , opposite the bunkhouse village .
tr	9	We know you are with us .
tr	10	The Faith had killed Martin , and the people were rallying to avenge their loss .
tr	11	I could well imagine how her father , the Russian ambassador , would feel about her dalliances .
tr	9	She found herself making the drive more often now as her mother deteriorated .
tr	8	He backed out and laid his unassembled war club beside the door ; then he went back inside .
tr	6	Tony Wei goes to a safe house .
tr	5	" So long as you two had a good time .
tr	11	she yelled , before asking where he was going .
tr	11	" Do you have to encourage them ? "
tr	6	Then he took her place beside Finan .
tr	6	Soon the time would come , his wait would not be long .
tr	9	Did you ... was he , like , naked ? "
tr	8	" Hey Gem what 's up ? "
tr	10	Did the Tenacious somehow sneak them into his backpack while he was not looking ?
tr	8	Not because it was your best , but because I like it the best too .
tr	11	Jim never addressed me as George so I knew he was distracted .
tr	11	006 entered the passive state of looking alive but not really being there during the reboot .
tr	8	" Though to be honest , I might just think that because of their accents .
tr	8	In nearly every book they opened , another book was mentioned .
tr	10	Back when she 'd been twelve and he 'd been ten , she towered over him .
tr	10	How was she supposed to sit atop that ?
tr	8	What 's the difference between a Creator and a Guardian ? "
tr	7	" Ready to go ? "
tr	10	" I 'm not sure I believe you , Alejandro , " she said .
tr	6	In an afterthought , he took off his coat and carried it , rolled up , under his arm .
tr	6	" Wow , Artie , where did you dig that up ? "
tr	9	The hook lands just above the snickering adolescent , and Link soars across the green landscape to claim his property .
tr	10	She knew that tone , and knew better than to argue with the man .
tr	9	Atticus , you HAVE to come check this out ! "
tr	7	That night , the feast at Ishmael Khan 's house was bounteous .
tr	9	I said as I stopped in my tracks .
tr	11	Let us go see how close we can get . "
tr	6	" You 're right , he wasn 't tied or anything and it makes sense .
tr	8	You think I 'm stupid .
tr	5	" My father was Mr. Cole . "
tr	8	Mariposa braced herself for the last moments of her life .
tr	10	With that she burst into more laughter and started to escape into the woods .
tr	8	Your father chose it on his name day , when he turned eighteen .
tr	10	How pleased I am that you managed to return . "
tr	9	Never one for excessive physical activity , the events thus far have left him barely able to continue .
tr	6	They stood silent for a while .
tr	10	King Ine himself holds you to be most useful , surely your father must know that ? "
tr	5	Horses , weapons , books , even a hunting falcon . "
tr	6	" She died six years ago .
tr	7	" Heading through 28,000 feet , " said Bob Mathews over the intercom a little later .
tr	7	" But you killed the kid 's dad on his birthday , and you traumatized an innocent clown . "
tr	10	He made a cuckoo sign , like a fourth grade boy would to a girl who teased him .
tr	11	I do need to take a bath first .
tr	8	Oh , hold on , you mean at the blood bank on Hillcrest where she and I worked together ? "
tr	10	He just needed the place to look good for tomorrow .
tr	9	I pleaded , but she would have none of it .
tr	6	' Speaking of the doctor , ' Edwina resumed , ' how is the poor man ? '
tr	10	The writers of this paper warn all subscribers to be wary of such dangerous elements within the city .
tr	8	" Not sure that I know you , " said Eddie looking around nervously .
tr	7	Captain Gao was something of a hero in China , quietly celebrated in naval and civilian circles .
tr	6	This man wore a dirty white mask with a long protruding nose at the front .
tr	9	Some humans we 'll enslave ... most will die . "
tr	9	The Prince had no answer , but could only stare dumbfounded at the blade .
tr	6	" Nope , since I was a kid , I 've always been alone .
tr	8	" I 've another captive if we have more rope . "
tr	11	" Katsu too disciplined to give you chance at him .
tr	8	" How long have you been working for Stefano ? "
tr	9	" You think she is in danger ?
tr	5	Over the next 20 minutes , the remainder turned up .
tr	6	" I 'm afraid so , " said the clerk .
tr	9	When Abraham 's teachings were made public she found answers to many of her questions within them .
tr	6	' However , ' he said , ' your young woman cannot attend , naturally .
tr	10	" I think you did a good job , son , " the officer stated .
tr	9	I hope I can see the sailor again .
tr	8	" Sure , Sweetie , like I said , you only need to ask .
tr	8	Looking down ... ... pretty much on target ... . .
tr	11	Their greedy hands reached forward hoping to touch his apron or grab the clue .
tr	9	" What happened to the rest of it ?
tr	8	' Exactly ; though I 'd preferred you 'd not brought your instruments to this meeting . '
tr	11	Cliff adjusted to keep from making contact .
tr	9	Henry bit deeply , delivering a massive dose of poison .
tr	9	Theo took a date and a glass after Angelique had been served .
tr	9	Things sure ain 't gon na get any better here .
tr	9	Her face lit up with a warm smile and Claire felt herself smiling in return .
tr	6	Another cell phone and wallet , car keys , and a hotel room card went in a pile on the table .
tr	9	the captain 's insistent voice is heard crackling over the speakers .
tr	9	If they 're smart they 'll all park out on the street ... . .
tr	11	They were marching towards a group of buildings in the distance .
tr	5	Wars , trade route disputes , and lost boats consumed him .
tr	11	Mia 's mind kept repeating that Julian wouldn 't come back .
tr	11	It 's hard to describe to you but the milk would open up new worlds of food for us .
tr	10	Nora was surprised when the little Blue Belly Lizard landed on the ground behind her .
tr	8	" Then the only thing we can do is form a truce . "
tr	10	Riesling asked , calculating time on the road and time on watch .
tr	8	" Thanks for coming over .
tr	6	The good folks of Idaho rewarded his diligence with a seat in the House .
tr	6	She kept her family 's moral spirit up during all these difficult times .
tr	7	Her heart began to race and she broke the seal .
tr	9	Make sure he gets all the information .
tr	9	At that moment the heavens darkened and the sky was smote in two by a huge fork of lightning .
tr	11	That was all I needed to hear .
tr	7	Miriam screwed up her eyes and peered at them .
tr	10	" That 's what I thought they said . "
tr	8	" Nothing serious , bit of business , anything happening ? "
tr	8	Riki , in front of him , climbed down the stairs easily , humming to herself .
tr	7	" They are for close quarter fighting , my friend .
tr	9	" A Bloody Mary " I responded before even thinking about it .
tr	5	Chapter 28 The rain , Amara decided , was a mixed blessing .
tr	10	" So , what if I realize that I don 't want to go with the choice that Lilly made ? "
tr	9	Bay levered himself off the bench , leaned threateningly across the table .
tr	7	What are your thoughts on this matter ? "
tr	9	" The bomb is set to go off tomorrow night .
tr	11	They want to know how I found them . "
tr	9	She seemed to be happy and relaxed .
tr	7	By the third day of battle the Army of Mexico had removed their forces to a safe distance .
tr	5	Missy and Kevin exchanged a look .
tr	7	" It 's Franco Salazar , " Alejo said , cutting them off .
tr	7	I ran to the door and peeked out .
tr	7	They walked down the last low hill and into the valley proper .
tr	11	Funny thing about heavy train cars is that they don 't handle well when their weight ratio shifts .
tr	10	Do I have it right ? "
tr	5	" Seen and not heard , " Sarah gently reminded .
tr	9	Stories her father told her of them convinced her that he was not one .
tr	10	" I 'm going to the Judgment , of course " he replied .
tr	10	Henderson and I are under the blanket trying to sleep .
tr	9	You know I did not sleep last night ? "
tr	7	Rounding three more corners reveals his path leading strait through the next two junctions .
tr	11	I came to know we were home .
tr	11	Eventually my impatience reached boiling point and I stomped around the unit making as much noise as possible .
tr	8	The girl spoke without moving her lips .
tr	8	The world had been a quiet place for the past several years .
tr	7	Sarah reached out and touched the old woman 's hand .
tr	5	Lord Brogan looked his lost foster son over slowly .
tr	7	A young woman cowered behind a parked van a few yards away .
tr	10	" It seems you 're learning quickly , " William said hesitantly .
tr	11	It wasn 't meant to make him tired -- working out did the opposite .
tr	11	Rick nodded , and then reconsidered , " Wait , " he said , fumbling in his pouch for something .
tr	7	It stepped forward and hacked down , and Harald just barely deflected the blow .
tr	8	Elaina found herself staring at him and jerked her eyes away with a blush .
tr	9	" Is it hot in here or what ? "
tr	5	" Half an hour . "
tr	5	" T.P. their room ? "
tr	11	We 're lucky they gave us control of the lights .
tr	9	And within a few minutes they were able to speak quite freely .
tr	10	Not wanting to hear the last bit she got up to settle back to revising .
tr	6	" Okay , okay , just give me a minute , " responded Beau .
tr	9	Gan elected to stop just above the thicker belt .
tr	10	But he needed to shoot from a less dangerous angle .
tr	10	" Hey , Joe , what 're you working on ? "
tr	10	You shall be allotted one hour to complete twenty questions .
tr	10	Part of the bunker complex had been seized and the Highlanders were now taking steps to finish the job .
tr	11	All I had to do now was decipher the code .
tr	10	I suppose that was a bit dark and spooky .
tr	6	" Come , come ; Lord Rafe ... " " Lord Rafe ?
tr	11	I don 't suppose you 've got an oven at home ? "
tr	11	" The reason we took the trip is that we hoped to find healthy animals and plants here .
tr	6	" My Laird , is she - " " Yes , " he said quietly .
tr	7	I 'm just a little late getting up today .
tr	10	I wondered how much he was getting paid .
tr	11	I sat on the edge of the bed and glanced at the array of equipment that surrounded me .
tr	7	" How did you do it , Eda ? "
tr	10	" Not going to file a complaint ? "
tr	10	We would wrestle the wet ground out of the way with our shovels and lower the child into a shallow ditch .
tr	6	Neil , out of patience , gave her a shove .
tr	9	" We thought it was over , but it isn 't .
tr	9	" Jesus , put some bells on or something , " he says with a smile .
tr	10	Somehow , I wanted to cry , to get out from the car and to run back to the hotel .
tr	7	Tobin asked loudly , then flushed and cleared his throat .
tr	8	Noah had stretched his legs out under the table and was back typing furiously at his little tablet .
tr	7	" What the hell is -- " Manuel heard the landlord 's voice , and then a prolonged scream .
tr	9	Everyone was so wrapped up in their gambling that they barely lifted their heads .
tr	5	An incoming call from an unknown party .
tr	11	I heard a voice say , " GW you in there , its Gator Sam , wake up . "
tr	9	Ye said I was lyin ' , and you were right .
tr	8	When he returned to the restaurant , the water had risen almost a foot more than before .
tr	9	It almost made sense , the gum tree , now the gum wrapper tree , but what about the lion ?
tr	10	He reached down and pulled the message from the small leather pouch tied to its foot .
tr	10	The Cloaking System can be operated permanently , without harmful effects to humans .
tr	9	He will take care of you , " his father informed him .
tr	7	- It really doesn 't matter , my dear , but you are right : four weeks .
tr	6	Large tree trunks circled the space , completely green with ivy and moss .
tr	9	" Sergeant Major , issue deployment orders to the remainder of the Highlander Brigade and the Iron Anvil Battalion .
tr	7	Lance says , feigning distress .
tr	6	The mustangs are predominantly brown , some with brown mane and tail , some with black mane and tail .
tr	9	" I can 't believe this happened to Noah .
tr	7	" Losers at life don 't get rewards , " she had told him .
tr	11	Frank would be very busy in the months to come building that defensive force .
tr	7	Besides , that Teresa is as lovely a child as I 've ever laid eyes on . "
tr	5	More shifting , and a distant humming and whispering that slowly faded away .
tr	11	To be able to shower in peace .
tr	8	Katherine said banging on the door .
tr	7	As he lit the stove , Mal made a gesture in the air and wished his visitors luck .
tr	8	came through his lips one direction , liquid rained down on him and went the other direction into his mouth .
tr	9	Just before morning Ben lost the struggle to stay awake and finally dropped off to sleep .
tr	5	And who are you now ?
tr	7	When she stood up , Scott turned back to her and smiled .
tr	8	Children ... he never seen one of those in person .
tr	6	" What do you have there ? "
tr	7	Even into the depths of the Great Southern Wastelands have I traveled .
tr	5	" Since yesterday night , my lady . "
tr	7	But I will take vengeance upon you , she-wolf .
tr	5	" The brain wave scan reveals practically zero activity .
tr	7	After that it 's just a question of " divide and rule " .
tr	10	He was exhausted , and the big man , with his enormous strength , could keep going for hours .
tr	6	A perfect , celebratory meal for the returning husband , she thought , her anticipation back .
tr	8	The biggest problem is they basically vanished , or at least abandoned their temples and cities .
tr	10	The stop though brief was well needed as their spirits lifted enough to bring their heads up .
tr	8	My legs shook so hard I could barely stand .
tr	7	A skinny redheaded gypsy boy with badly crossed eyes took a step off the wooden walkway into the street .
tr	7	Further , I am a member of the Brethren , here !
tr	11	" O Professor , I must show you a sight that will shock you .
tr	7	" Thank you Randy , " he said , " you are very helpful . "
tr	9	" Savvy Bent , don 't you ever let anyone hold you back .
tr	5	" Of course , Your Majesty , " the guard said .
tr	10	He knows not to compound his lack of knowledge with empty bluster .
tr	10	Claire smiled , prepared to accept the compliment .
tr	7	When she saw the Headmaster , she dropped her head and began to nod in a strange , rhythmic way .
tr	6	Most humans preferred the daylight ... then again , Celestino was not truly a human .
tr	8	" Now , I made a promise not ta kill ya .
tr	9	The left seat was full with a snoring flight commander , and the kid told me to mind my own business .
tr	9	I drifted past a high containment glass wall and was wheeled through a decontamination chamber and into an inner sterile room .
tr	8	Unless my sight was very much mistaken , that was Fuchs ' second . "
tr	11	Promise her that she would be reunited with her mate . "
tr	10	" I would not normally let a commoner say that , but you speak truth , " Harald said .
tr	5	" Hey , Seth , " Barney said dryly .
tr	8	And he was staring intently at the shapeshifter as he circled .
tr	11	" She was sent as a representative ; my counterpart if you will .
tr	8	Olmec screamed once and fell dead , and Valerian spurned the body with his heel as it fell .
tr	8	Instead of retiring to their stateroom , as was probably advisable , the two wandered over toward the gambling tables .
tr	8	The tale has been lost uncounted years ago .
tr	10	I swung the soaked covers off and planted my feet on the wet wooden floor .
tr	10	Wolf Eyes thought he could take them at any time .
tr	9	A man who did it to a dog would have , for that , or even a rat .
tr	7	He took a running leap from the rock and , arms flailing , plunged into the water .
tr	10	" He was shorter than I remember him , " he remarked casually .
tr	8	You will not believe it , " Lance gasps holding his hand to his chest .
tr	7	" Maybe we could play radio chess , or I Spy ? "
tr	10	Maybe he was finally ready to go into battle .
tr	10	Your father said you 'd be home by now . "
tr	6	After only an hour or so , one of the great hulks heaved to .
tr	7	As time went by , the sun rose higher in the sky .
tr	7	The corn was new seedling , just breaking through the ground surface .
tr	8	A subtly swirling vortex daring his eyes to move closer .
tr	5	" Now we walk , " Lilly Ann said confidently .
tr	9	And for that the fat man had to die .
tr	8	A grove of popular trees was on the opposite side of this gully .
tr	10	Byron knew that his tone of voice was inappropriate , but he couldn 't help himself .
tr	9	Do you have computers ? "
tr	7	Quickly but painfully she speaks over the CU , " Warrior 's primary systems were damaged .
tr	6	Someone touched my shoulder with a soft hand .
tr	7	Bullets riddled the water behind me .
tr	7	Bump stopped tossing the sand .
tr	7	" You must be Kimberly , " he said to Missy 's mother .
tr	8	The creature 's footsteps indicated it was close , now .
tr	8	They took great pains to be elusive .
tr	8	Hiding -- I hate it when they hide .
tr	8	It was Costas who finally spoke .
tr	6	" Your French is very good , " he suddenly announced in English .
tr	7	Some of the prints are the size of dinner plates .
tr	5	" No , they 're not , Trini , " I said .
tr	11	Claire was about to offer more support about Ruth 's condition when Sky spoke .
tr	11	The ghoul manages to pull its leg free , lumbering toward Rift as its movements continue in slow motion .
tr	6	It 's dawn , outside this infernal city .
tr	11	One look at her would tell anyone she didn 't need reassurance , however .
tr	11	She danced and skipped around the plane clapping her hands , chanting , " Wilbur built an airplane !
tr	8	The book was kept on the crypt and was guarded by a one-eyed creature . "
tr	6	This one is from my personal secret recipe . "
tr	11	Connor walked Maria up to the clamor of media anticipating their exit .
tr	6	" Breakfast will be waiting , your highness . "
tr	7	she asked , pointing too .
tr	5	For Prudence , currently a vampire , right this very moment was very fast indeed .
tr	11	She glanced at Chase who just glanced back at her with its striking blue eyes .
tr	9	Neither made as much noise as a cat would have made .
tr	10	Nobody was going to be riding anywhere .
tr	5	" Really , she was a young Vampire ? "
tr	11	Eva overheard Aloysius describe a plot to assassinate you .
tr	10	His horse panicked , and he fell off , once more sliding down the side of the beast .
tr	5	" No , " said the elderly man as if offended .
tr	8	Sneaking a look up at Lord Rafe he found his master gazing back into the fire , perfectly at ease .
tr	6	" Thank you , " he finally said , and giggled .
tr	9	Jeff said looking around the room but again , no one would meet his eyes but Karen .
tr	8	He consumed it in the salt water , again feeling the power flow through his veins .
tr	11	He 's yours to do whatever you want . "
tr	8	One more hour and we can leave this place and get back to the motel .
tr	6	" She was really Miriam Pearson 's teacher ? "
tr	11	" I could feel the powerful spell on the chain that binds this script . "
tr	11	I 'll get it , " she said , " where is it ? "
tr	5	Even after a few drinks he handled the blade expertly .
tr	6	asked Finan , his large frame stiffening slightly .
tr	8	Her gun in her hand , she made a quick scan of the forecourt before touching him .
tr	5	" Yes , over here , " Thoth 's voice said .
tr	9	" We 'll see each other again soon , young man , " said Jacob patting him on the back .
tr	8	" I was putting this human in his place , sir . "
tr	10	The doors opened to reveal a horde of Bastian Hunters .
tr	10	" Branden , what are you doing here ?
tr	9	" Not at all , there 's been no tension on it at all since he went in . "
tr	6	She tore off her veil , revealing brown eyes and light , sun-kissed brown hair .
tr	8	Reaching into a large bag , she took out a packet and broke off a few squares of chocolate .
tr	8	They became worse than animals , without even the human necessities of clan and tribal loyalties .
tr	9	asked Beppe , despite having already devised a plan .
tr	6	Riki merely stood aside and motioned the troop in .
tr	11	Sadly , she wondered if she would ever set eyes on that place again .
tr	8	The monitor in front of him showed a series of gray buttons with ship 's names in them .
tr	7	However , only a limited number of them could be considered proper isolation cells .
tr	6	Now that told me something .
tr	10	She thought she heard him whimper .
tr	5	' Sometimes the obvious answer is the only answer . '
tr	10	I felt the blood rushing throw my veins , giving me emotions and fearing in some way my meeting with him .
tr	9	The conversation then turned to their children and also about the shopping bargains they had just made .
tr	7	" You are a thief and a murderess , " Harald said calmly .
tr	10	He needed to locate the camps of those foul things .
tr	6	I 'm sorry Maggie , I 'm stupid , this is vital information and I wasn 't listening .
tr	10	Once he had the software configured to his satisfaction , Nigel pressed the green button labeled Start .
tr	8	When the three of them emerged from the building , all eyes glued onto Angelique .
tr	10	" We often face threats far more taxing than drought and petty quarrel , " she meekly insists .
tr	6	You were extremely helpful and I appreciate your input and time so much .
tr	5	At that notion , a different thought crossed my mind .
tr	11	It was only recently that blue whales were reclassified from extinct to endangered .
tr	8	The complicated inner workings of the door made an impressive display on the other side of the glass plate .
tr	10	I can 't say that I have ever met one .
tr	10	No visitors have been allowed to enter , and the army staff has been notified .
tr	8	The street we walked along was narrow .
tr	6	Taking out his emerald necklace , he resumed his normal appearance and dressed himself .
tr	6	It lasts only a second , but to her , it is a lifetime .
tr	6	In the meantime , Samuel set up our tent on the other side .
tr	10	" I don 't like the sound of it but you could see it that way , " Taylor conceded .
tr	6	" I used a special space transporter button , " the Angel explained .
tr	10	She must have seen the door cracked open .
tr	7	Okay , so Gabriel wouldn 't carry out the actual mission today , of course .
tr	10	Minutes later below deck he made his appeal , suggesting Katherine come back with him .
tr	10	How it felt to touch him .
tr	6	He still wore his pants and shoes , and dark hair still covered his head .
tr	6	Even his old friend seemed as a warrior to him now .
tr	8	" I guess you were right . "
tr	10	" What 's wrong with me then , why aren 't they after me ? "
tr	11	They will go right through the humans to get what they want .
tr	8	This bed gets lonely when you are away . "
tr	6	" There you go , " the big man said , " there you go . "
tr	9	" But I would love to meet your sister ! "
tr	10	He says it 's caught on something . "
tr	9	A satisfied smile claimed Taylor 's face as he stepped out of the cabin .
tr	9	" If home 's where my heart is , then I 'm out of place . "
tr	9	But the Watchmen worked in pairs - if the second one came on him unawares , he was doomed .
tr	6	They ride at their own risk .
tr	6	" Oh , " Taylor just replied and slowly nodded his head .
tr	6	Two things happened : I found a sample ; and I was shot .
tr	5	" Well , I do , " Josie replied .
tr	8	On the screen , the recorded antics of a family with twenty children began to unfold .
tr	9	That must be about one-and-a-half to two billion bucks ! "
tr	10	The words were whisked from Josh 's mouth as a gust of wind tore through them .
tr	9	" And how much did your team tell you it would cost ? "
tr	7	" The Baroness has been abducted , " he said .
tr	6	Even from this distance , his loud , arrogant voice carries to my sensitive ears .
tr	11	Claude said , " We did better than most I believe .
tr	7	" What happened to him ? "
tr	9	" Don 't ever think about crossing me . "
tr	10	He had to smile when she shrugged .
tr	10	" We will read you your rights when we arrive . "
tr	5	Despite his muscled exterior , his face was always soft and smiling .
tr	8	Small child Angels threw flowers and presents to each of the children .
tr	7	" Yeah , " he steps back from the doorway and shoves his hands in his pockets .
tr	10	I looked over to Isaac and he was now looking at a rock wall behind us .
tr	9	Eyes filled with tears of rage , she reflected and she plotted .
tr	9	I looked myself into the mirror and noticed that I was all red .
tr	11	" That 's what I want to find out .
tr	8	I absolutely could not let Malcolm see me .
tr	6	" That 's true , my boy , a growing man certainly needs his food . "
tr	10	" Hey that 's one nice piece of lava you got there , Ricky . "
tr	10	The weirdest thing in the room was the difference in the amount of violence involved .
tr	9	Why is it I smack my head every time I do this ? "
tr	9	" Look , fancy pants , I don 't give a shit who the fuck you are .
tr	7	On the one hand it surprised them but on the other it made them glad .
tr	9	" It is not your place to question this man .
tr	10	She cursed , frustrated at how powerless she felt .
tr	8	Memoirs of a Vending Machine Published by James Pollard at Smashwords Copyright 2011 James Pollard Copyrighted material .
tr	6	Dr. Morgan questioned with concern .
tr	7	When Franco called his name , his ears perked to full attention .
tr	8	" Go ahead , " Lisa tries to say , but her voice trails off and is indecipherable .
tr	9	Her head involuntarily jerked toward Neela , but she avoided looking at her .
tr	11	I expected there would be hiccups ... starting out .
tr	8	Six small boats pulling up on the mud to the side of the rice padi .
tr	8	The Prince of Oxen was closer , that was certain .
tr	9	Her father was correct in expecting the worse .
tr	8	Once finished , Andy looked around for something to put the Talisman in .
tr	9	Her arms are folded in front of her chest .
tr	9	There 's to be an assassination attempt on the king today .
tr	7	" So what do you two think ? "
tr	7	" He is of good heart and of good soul .
tr	7	They could travel no farther this day , their energy spent .
tr	8	I won 't be chasing any messengers though , that 's for sure .
tr	11	Rafe winced ; that hadn 't come out as he had meant it to .
tr	8	But then he had seen quite a many strange and unexplainable things here in the Magician 's trailer .
tr	9	I crossed the floor and headed for the bar on the other side of the room .
tr	9	Andy fell to his knees as a wave of nausea rushed over him .
tr	8	Both zombies were back on their feet and coming again by the time Joe had struggled back into a kneeling position .
tr	8	Her makeup is skewed too heavy , and pouches bulge beneath her eyes .
tr	11	Even with the thought he stumbled over something that felt like a human skull .
tr	7	He popped Stubby into his pocket , got shakily to his feet , and went stumbling after her .
tr	7	Just then she felt something stick into her back , and a hand roughly cover her mouth .
tr	6	" Of course , that was before , " Gabe adds .
tr	10	" I am surprised that I remembered the way here so well , " Angelique announced .
tr	9	" But how are we going to get there ? "
tr	6	The colors in his eyes and his hair , silver and long , soft and true .
tr	7	And the Spell Wizard 's hat and cape changed colour , from purple to red , and then to black .
tr	10	he asked , trying to be polite .
tr	5	For some reason , this thought hurt the Prince .
tr	9	She wanted to let him go .
tr	8	A conjured bow in hand , she has summoned an arrow of vibrant light , squaring up the shot carefully .
tr	9	She refused to let it end .
tr	10	" Well I see your nap hasn 't improved your manners , " Lisa replies with annoyance .
tr	6	" Yes , I knew him , " Mana said .
tr	6	The streams of that area usually come from the eastern mountains and filter into the Lin River . "
tr	7	The door to the study suddenly opened , and Mana came in .
tr	10	Should I disconnect my battery so you can prove me wrong ? "
tr	9	He stood there , shaking , as the twins walked toward him .
tr	10	Well , I 'll have to watch you , won 't I ?
tr	7	She closed her mouth and edged back slightly into the doorway .
tr	11	She wanted to know what Jonas was planning .
tr	10	The alien language was ancient long before they first landed here on Earth .
tr	8	The arms were longer than the legs and ended in sharp points , more like claws than hands .
tr	8	The man , seeing a captain 's badge hanging on his belt , shrugged .
tr	7	" Where in the homeland do you hail from , Cade ? "
tr	8	A bend in the road was nearing the truck ; the yellow reflectors were beaming back at them .
tr	11	" I 'm thinking of how to narrate the stuff .
tr	10	Their faces were so close that he could lean in and touch those rosebud lips .
tr	8	" And the daughter of the minister of war , " Logan piped in . "
tr	9	She had tried several times already but each time he seemed to escape the question .
tr	6	Fingers , soft and human , lifted my chin and inspected my face .
tr	11	" Do you think he was scared ? "
tr	9	But there are certain things I do remember .
tr	7	It was searching , but for what ?
tr	7	Born in 1928 , Mark was the son of a Titanic survivor .
tr	9	He wished he could see something .
tr	10	Zero tried to stand in response but found his locomotive capabilities less than optimal .
tr	8	He was sick for a long time , and the new ruler should have been his daughter . "
tr	10	" You are aware that you are an impossible woman , right ?
tr	6	Wolf Eyes , Loot , Fire Cub and Red Talon were hunting together .
tr	9	Eventually I had him call the Commander in London .
tr	11	They 'd even captured the small scar I had along my eyebrow .
tr	9	' In the bottom draw of the wardrobe in the master bedroom ' she said , ' but why ' .
tr	6	" Is she on her own ? "
tr	10	That had to be the worst of it .
tr	6	On a small table , a yellowed parchment fluttered , its corner weighed down by an ink pot .
tr	10	' Mate it 's time to get going . '
tr	11	But you know what they did have back then ?
tr	9	" It seemed that you have found The Hunter . "
tr	5	" Oh , Miriam mentioned -- " Neil stopped .
tr	7	Reid raised his head slightly and peeked through the low branches .
tr	7	One Friday , near the end of October , the guys , being their usual rowdy selves , started a game .
tr	6	Fire balls and flaming arrows from the woodland fae streaked through the air toward the adversaries .
tr	7	" Come on , little baby , we 'll head back .
tr	10	It took a day just to cut one side open .
tr	7	Turn off the engine and keep that rifle handy . "
tr	11	" Do you promise it 's easy ? "
tr	7	" Come on , guys , let 's go back , " John started to whine .
tr	5	" And , there it is , " Paul commented .
tr	7	" Why are we going over this again ?
tr	6	" Oh no , Miss Foster , it 's quite alright , " said Ernest , raising a hand .
tr	8	I combed my fingers through my hair and tried not to hyperventilate .
tr	9	Steve asked when they met in the hardware section .
tr	11	Continuing to scour the area for clues , the obvious answer seems to leap out at him .
tr	7	The car shuddered and spun uncontrollably across the asphalt .
tr	11	I think you might have been right , " she murmured .
tr	9	" No , but they can cut us off from here , hence so much security , " replied Ryan .
tr	9	" It hasn 't made much difference to be honest .
tr	6	I am on the beach .
tr	10	Truth , what would it do to me if I did that to something greater than a rabbit ?
tr	7	" The enchantments only exist around the borders with the Empire .
tr	7	The caller , a woman , didn 't identify herself , but the receiver did . "
tr	10	Add a huge , abandoned industrial complex on the edge of town ripe for redevelopment .
tr	10	Anthropologists have been looking for concrete evidence of the Old One 's forever .
tr	6	He had only ever had partial success .
tr	7	I sensed a conspiracy and didn 't like it .
tr	7	" Do you have a car ? "
tr	6	Seconds later , we stepped out onto the fifth floor .
tr	6	In other words , a source of cash untraceable by anyone , including POTUS .
tr	8	The man wore a leather jacket , zipped up , despite being obviously indoors .
tr	7	My right arm , my throwing arm , throbbed at the shoulder , but I could move it .
tr	9	Agent Cooper swallowed and nodded an affirmative to the agents around him .
tr	9	I 've got to do this perfectly .
tr	11	She had not eaten last night after the news they had received .
tr	9	' That 's not what I 'm thinking about , ' said Reid .
tr	9	There is nothing to see there .
tr	11	I don 't think I could hurt it with a sledgehammer ! "
tr	6	" Hello , " she said in the same angelic voice .
tr	9	Suddenly he was a wealthy man but nothing could replace the loss of Judy .
tr	9	My heart beats loud thuds that join the high cricket strings .
tr	10	It shimmers like a rainbow in the light and seems to grow in his hand .
tr	10	I 'll have to think about it . "
tr	6	" There 's still been no contact ? "
tr	9	And even he had to admit , not that shabby .
tr	10	The woman who had held Valerian 's hands was the next to die .
tr	10	Sarah resisted the urge to point the gun at him .
tr	9	You can tell that Red Talon really loves her . "
tr	10	They had no choice but to obey my father 's command .
tr	8	" Very good sir , I will return in the hour , " Dagger assures .
tr	8	Oh for the confidence of youth .
tr	11	Emotions played on her face that even brought her to tears .
tr	8	You 've heard about Fuchs ' purges .
tr	7	Minister Drake 's translator had been repaired , and I could once again understand his slow drooling tone .
tr	8	Aimee 's grip loosened on my arm , and she moved between Peyton and me .
tr	6	The walls were of a shiny green material .
tr	5	At one point , our host turned back .
tr	8	Everyone believes you died last year . "
tr	5	Deep gouges score my palms and forearms .
tr	9	Adele was very still , looking up at him and yet not really seeing him at all .
tr	7	I got in the car , and Helen didn 't say a word .
tr	10	Why does it have to be like this ? '
tr	10	" We would need two thousand three hundred and seventy days to lift one fleet into orbit .
tr	6	Under the wide , bulging brow the rather slanting black eyes looked down with deadly calm on his winning board .
tr	8	Cautiously pushing his way through , Ted headed toward the area where all the non-perishable foods were staged .
tr	5	With a furious snarl , the creature jerked her body around .
tr	9	They were insecure and would fight over me , then blame me . '
tr	7	In each saucer , Ted dumped a small pile of seed from the mug .
tr	5	Better death , better the grave , Philip decided , than this .
tr	7	~ Memorial Day came and went and summer got into full swing on the Rump .
tr	11	Will was trying to make sense of the strange set-up .
tr	6	" My right arm is heavy , " he muttered , glad nobody from his staff could see him right then .
tr	11	They were tired and sore , barely able to keep to their feet .
tr	6	Every patient in the temporary medical shelter was issued an Imp recorder .
tr	5	" No Dad , " he said quietly .
tr	6	Off to the east , the first pale glimmer of the approaching dawn stained the velvet sky .
tr	6	For a dozen years there has been only one dragon .
tr	10	Her whole left breast throbbed , the pain radiating from the wound like heat from a flame .
tr	6	" Shadows and light , " the Prince muttered under his breath .
tr	6	What else could he have meant ?
tr	10	The sensation made him shudder and gasp like a drunk doused in a bucket of ice water .
tr	8	" I 'll be fine , " she said , and one corner of her mouth lifted in a smile .
tr	11	" Are you supposed to be a superhero ? "
tr	8	Everyone burst into peals of laughter .
tr	8	She 'd calmed him , drawn pain from his body , made him secure in her care .
tr	11	We just need to pick a place to meet .
tr	8	" I shall make you this promise , Master , " replied Bron evenly .
tr	5	To raucous applause and cheering , the bard finished his song .
tr	10	she asked , when she 'd stopped laughing .
tr	10	Drawing Alexandra aside , I begged apology for my ignorance and asked to hear more about her native land .
tr	7	We wound ourselves around the peaks and within our compartment , the chill of winter was descending .
tr	8	Sorry for the inconvenience as they 'll be looking in every nook and cranny .
tr	10	It was still a little ways off , when they started to run .
tr	9	In fact , the new space was well lit by dozen of lamps set into the walls .
tr	6	" Wouldn 't do much good anyway . "
tr	8	Gan knew there were thirty .
tr	8	My people would never accept such a situation , but might given enough time .
tr	11	" I thought you said we had more time ? "
tr	9	Nathan stood and looked out the window as the boys walked away from the building .
tr	9	" It is not something they will like , sir .
tr	7	She dropped the phone into the center console and returned her focus to the road .
tr	7	The other man had not donned his armor yet , and wore only a simple gray linen shirt and trousers .
tr	7	" If I understand correctly , that hasn 't been fully ironed out . "
tr	7	The entire site was completely overgrown in secondary growth .
tr	8	Letting go , he began to walk away .
tr	9	" I do not think it is such a good idea . "
tr	9	Dickie continued to stare into the fireplace .
tr	8	Adele did worse than argue , she ignored .
tr	11	Have five teams ready , one for each of them , ready to push them over the edge . "
tr	10	" Yeah , " Missy agreed , " I didn 't think hundred year old people used computers . "
tr	9	They could see her mouth some words as there was no audio .
tr	9	I 'd already checked with the Ministry and got his SAS record ... ... nothing weird there either .
tr	7	his son had asked in a recent telephone conversation .
tr	6	" We were so lucky , " Sarah said .
tr	6	' Well , there we go then , ' concluded Harris as if settling an argument .
tr	9	The Angel was very glad that the visit to the island had been such a success .
tr	5	At least he wasn 't a zombie .
tr	9	He spoke to Jolie , and received not even a look or a wave of the hand .
tr	8	I bit down on my lip until I tasted blood .
tr	8	" You never had a best day like ... " " No .
tr	11	You should be rewarded for what you 've done . "
tr	10	Life had been hard and filled with disappointment , but things were starting to look up .
tr	6	Somewhere in the darkness I could hear mumbling .
tr	6	Finan 's brow wrinkled in concentration .
tr	8	Hooded men appeared and gathered all the golden buds then vanished in the thin air .
tr	11	He rose into the air , throwing bolts of energy as he floated above me .
tr	6	She did some asking on her own .
tr	9	She didn 't know what to say .
tr	8	Once we start flights into space , we must move as fast as possible .
tr	7	I build Umbra a holy church , and you defile it .
tr	6	' Speaking of Rock ' n ' Roll have you seen this ? '
tr	8	I could not protect him from that monster 's wrath . "
tr	7	I 'm almost finished , " the voice called again from beyond the elevator door .
tr	7	But for now , in his anger , he decided to forego using it altogether .
tr	7	I pulled my sword from its tube and touched its tip to the glass right against the little larva .
tr	6	At every street corner they would stop and gather around .
tr	6	Above her Dagger does his part , throwing his energy as well .
tr	10	It was heavy , he struggled to lift it and carry it to the detector .
tr	11	I owe him a debt of gratitude for the creation of Blank .
tr	5	* * * * * " Peaceful , isn 't it ? "
tr	7	Elaina sat at the table across from Landon , nursing her lukewarm tea .
tr	11	He had heard of a few others along the East Coast but hadn 't been able to verify it .
tr	6	She lifted her free hand to rest upon Adele 's .
tr	10	They greeted the Ugly Man in a language Andy could not understand .
tr	6	Lilly Ann stuck her head through the doorframe .
tr	6	Outside , Simon took a deep breath and blew it out .
tr	8	Astonished , Miriam did what she was told .
tr	11	As baffled as he was by her fear -- it isn 't as though I would let her drown !
tr	8	" Pleased to meet you , Mr. President . "
tr	5	" Oh , hell , " he muttered .
tr	6	" Uh-huh , and it 's all organic . "
tr	6	The cold fingers of the wind feel good on my face .
tr	9	Trying to make Franklin paranoid .
tr	8	King didn 't particularly care for Scotch , but he was all about the competition .
tr	10	He said he wouldn 't hurt me , but I couldn 't take my chances .
tr	6	Slowly he helped his partner move along the rope to the other craft .
tr	5	' But , they 're not an item . ' .
tr	8	Josie said , wiping the tears off her cheeks .
tr	7	You will buy me a beer this Saturday , Mr. Noble ? "
tr	10	Millions , maybe even billions , would die as well if he didn 't act .
tr	6	They giggled and Alex set it down .
tr	8	Her best guy friend Noah was waking up from his perch back with the luggage .
tr	8	It struck the floor an inch from my head , raising sparks from the stone .
tr	9	And call me as soon as you learn anything .
tr	7	A heavy , battered old jacket , slung carelessly aside , in a heap on the ground .
tr	9	Neil knew what she intended and his heart sank ; still , it was the only option they had .
tr	9	Glancing in the side view mirror , he could detect no reaction in the blank expression on its face .
tr	6	No books except for one .
tr	8	He held his fingers under the shower faucet and dialed the hot water almost to scalding .
tr	9	No need to set up in the great hall is there ? "
tr	11	Yeah ... had to be because he was too young .
tr	5	" My son is a disappointment .
tr	7	" You 'll be careful , won 't you ? "
tr	8	Sophia had more than enough on her plate what with Michael and all the housework .
tr	8	A fresh fire crackled in the hearth at the head of the room .
tr	7	" I cannot ... how will you explain to King Ine ?
tr	10	" Long ago deserted , " Leah explained , " which makes it perfect for us .
tr	7	His stalwart principles of honor left in the dirt next to his horse , the hero continues forward fearlessly .
tr	8	" I buy and sell companies like yours every day , son .
tr	7	And I 'd never felt like such a criminal .
tr	6	Do you even read that thing ? "
tr	8	The captain of the fort helped us again and for a whole week , we could rest and have decent food .
tr	10	every now and again it would flare up into an argument .
tr	6	he yelled , they all stopped in their tracks .
tr	6	A new latent energy coils inside my muscles .
tr	10	As the ship began to make way , the gun was brought to bear on the boat .
tr	7	Harrison moved in with his sword blade over his right shoulder and directed a downward slice .
tr	6	For the third time , this question , from him , held deeper significance than the usual , everyday implication .
tr	8	The man fell , tripping up the man just behind him .
tr	11	Adele found herself laughing , wondering what slumbering beast she had awakened .
tr	8	it 's a small world you know .
tr	9	Nice to have met you . "
tr	6	" Why would you willingly be his house slave ? "
tr	8	It was so simple , yet none of them had thought about it .
tr	6	Oh , the torch , right - ' With difficulty , he plunged a hand into his pocket .
tr	7	" It better be good , I was asleep , " she muttered .
tr	5	Please , forgive me . "
tr	5	" I certainly wasn 't , Mr. President , " said Roger .
tr	9	" Oh ho , so you admit that I 'm right now ! "
tr	7	Blood streamed from the Falcon 's wounds , down his leg , into the sand .
tr	10	" I wonder if you have the answer to the question , " he said .
tr	8	You have done well , " he muttered , eyeing the ornate object with wide eyes .
tr	9	" Were you looking for me , Rosa ? "
tr	6	" Yeah , these old planes have their problems , but we 're okay .
tr	10	He squatted on the veranda , dressed solely in shorts his bare feet splayed out on the rough boards .
tr	6	Then in a no-nonsense tone , he said , " This isn 't a good time , Taylor . "
tr	7	Simon looked at a book in the library , sighed , and put it back .
tr	7	However , with the sun behind the horizon , she would soon be in complete darkness , even here .
tr	9	" Dickie ... ... Merry Christmas ... ... .
tr	9	I bet he 's a real wart , she said to herself ; has to be , with those parents .
tr	11	He stepped back into the shadows , almost stumbling as life came back into his left foot .
tr	11	But that 's irrelevant ; I know that he is not part of the Empire .
tr	11	But I knew what would happen if we stopped .
tr	8	" Get into a fight with a bear ? "
tr	6	" Yeah , " he said in a hoarse whisper .
tr	9	But he appeared to be in his 30s .
tr	10	Do not feel ashamed and do not think that all things strange are evil .
tr	6	With a laugh , the witch replied , " I don 't remember that agreement at all . "
tr	10	No pay for a while , but it comes with plenty of food , even coffee ! "
tr	11	You have to decide when the time is right .
tr	7	" Okay , maybe you and I can work our way up there and surprise them .
tr	11	" I don 't think I 'll ever be warm again , " he said .
tr	7	" That there is at least some truth to your dime novel exploits , of course . "
tr	6	Signor Beppe here was our neighbour and a close family friend lah .
tr	5	' Little Spirit , ' came an unmistakable chant .
tr	8	He picked up the deer in his big mouth and headed for the mountain .
tr	11	I tried to pick out what few words I might recognize .
tr	10	" I hope that you are hungry " " Yes .
tr	8	The CDC lab truck is already at Mrs. Jones ' house , so we are in a passenger van .
tr	7	The chick fell on to the grass was immediately startled by all the green undergrowth .
tr	10	Being tough is one thing , but doing it with your ... your ... " " Swagger ? "
tr	6	Slowly , with a sad , tremulous voice , she said , " It is you , father . "
tr	11	Wolf Eyes had hope that he would soon be out of this cave .
tr	5	Great , out of the frying pan , into the fire .
tr	8	I hadn 't had a stand off in years .
tr	10	When she tried to move , pain shot up into her shoulder and she moaned .
tr	11	You abandoned me on my dying home world , thinking I was dead .
tr	8	Chris had yet to figure that one out .
tr	6	Or Atkins , or South Beach , or Zone or whatever we were calling low-carb eating this week .
tr	9	A hazy story slowly came together like a patchwork quilt of official statements , news conjectures , and ham radio reports .
tr	9	At the end of a short queue of stationary vehicles , the lights were on red .
tr	6	Clancy took two steps forward , his hands locked together resting on his stomach .
tr	9	" You 'll just keep me here until I say ' yes ' . "
tr	11	The detective was determined that they wouldn 't end the day empty-handed .
tr	9	Simon , pleased by the recognisable smell , felt a mixture of fear and humour build within him .
tr	9	His fear of the shark was suddenly replaced by the fear of drowning .
tr	10	The exploding crackle of firecrackers had become an intermittent trickle , while the whizzing and zooming of rockets overhead faded .
tr	7	Zoe rested her head back down , both smiling but at the same time , teary eyed .
tr	11	Yet he also seemed resolved to die at the inspector 's hand .
tr	9	She 'd forgotten just how big he actually was , she was dwarfed by him .
tr	10	He has ignored you for most of your life , yet you speak of his kindness ? "
tr	8	He couldn 't wait in that locked room forever and not do something .
tr	9	I had a hard enough time following in your prim and prudish footsteps at school Robert .
tr	9	They had joined the boat in Vancouver and had settled into the routine very quickly .
tr	7	As they neared the edge , Terri missed her footing , tripped and went sprawling across the grass .
tr	8	Tell her I love her . "
tr	9	" The children run rampant because they are starved .
tr	6	" Last night , " the knight explained , " you spoke some queer things .
tr	8	What was it supposed to mean ?
tr	7	But she continued to remember .
tr	6	" Yes , well , anyway , where might I go to piss and shit ? "
tr	7	" He 's coming , he 's coming , " she breathed in her dream .
tr	7	The three of them entered , and Neil exclaimed again .
tr	9	It was only Harald that was a strange bird .
tr	5	The randy Ivan and the lovely Madeleine woke very late the next morning .
tr	6	He lifted it out , it was heavy .
tr	7	With Romulus at her side , Elizabeth walked down the rocky path to the nearest tree and plucked a ripe orange .
tr	8	" Thank you very much , " Nathan said sarcastically , " Now where to begin .
tr	11	Whisper shouted into his hands-free mobile as he sped down the street towards Steve 's location .
tr	10	I scrolled down the list of files and clicked on the one entitled " Red Death " .
tr	10	" Just so no one can hear what we 're talking about , " he said .
tr	10	Gloria , what do you have ? "
tr	10	It 's probably time to head off and pack . "
tr	6	Then he added , " Let 's go , NOW ! "
tr	11	It was preceded by a phone call from one of the managers down there .
tr	9	Alejo let Stalin and Benjamin frame him and walk him towards Ishmael Khan .
tr	8	Normally five shooters use it and rotate from station to station but we have it on our own . "
tr	6	I didn 't say a word . "
tr	11	" I want to get my wife in bed , if you don 't mind . "
tr	5	In fact , his face even betrayed a little anxiety .
tr	11	Thank you is all I meant .
tr	10	They were sited in such a way that progress could be recorded .
tr	9	He strongly suspected that it was much , much more .
tr	11	" What are you doing now that you 're done with school ? "
tr	5	" Modest , as ever , " Goggles chuckled .
tr	8	After a century , some came and prayed to him for miracles , having forgotten his evil rule .
tr	11	How did she know about our house exploding , I thought .
tr	10	The young man looked as if Butch had just punched him in the stomach .
tr	7	They call destroying Earth an experiment ?
tr	9	Jimmy , who had never wanted to go along on this adventure .
tr	7	She leaned into him and returned the kiss .
tr	5	With all due respect , you are just an innkeeper , my lady .
tr	10	She did not have a will that said any different .
tr	9	He then ran back to where Bethany and David were .
tr	11	" Do you think they feel fear ? "
tr	7	' The fans in the south-west ventilation shaft , ' murmured Friedrich .
tr	9	She didn 't have to ponder long .
tr	10	" Do you mind if I join you ? "
tr	8	Endless white corridors soon merged into each other , the walls blindingly bright under the harsh fluorescent strips on the ceiling .
tr	8	We need Hector to do his thing .
tr	9	Avery cried after the dove left , big wet tears of joy and anguish .
tr	11	" Do you want to go back ? "
tr	5	" Yes , it was , " said the Old Rabbi , smiling .
tr	7	Her face was an ashy mask of fear .
tr	8	He said with a twist of his lips .
tr	10	" And what then do you propose , my dear ? "
tr	6	" Have a look , " said the Angel switching on a screen .
tr	11	Do you know what this is ? "
tr	9	She struggled against years of habit and forced herself not to fight back .
tr	10	" That 's just one of a thousand things I must teach you . "
tr	11	It had nothing to do with fighting .
tr	10	What matters to me is that you can sing ; I shall not put a musical talent to waste . "
tr	10	This person you say you love ?
tr	6	" Father , " Kristina exclaimed , " you shouldn 't say such things . "
tr	10	So , she will have to remove these shackles , and then she will have to die .
tr	6	The roaring dragons of the distant forest were like a dim dream .
tr	7	Scott could now hear the truck and told his sister so .
tr	8	He stood up and took her into his arms and held her .
tr	9	Where is it you 're heading ? "
tr	9	The Jeep rumbled over the road pocked with pot holes .
tr	8	Without a thought , I jumped , my arm straight out , my head held high .
tr	10	The sun broke above the peaks into a clear blue morning blasting orange pillars of fire across the pristine sky .
tr	10	He fell backward onto the kitchen floor , struggling to remain conscious .
tr	7	Another guard , a few paces away on the wall , also opened fire .
tr	8	He began asking me about a code . "
tr	8	I passed by the macabre object , ordered Skipper to stay , and entered the back door .
tr	9	For now , she had to get back to him .
tr	11	He had promised to stop by for dinner .
tr	9	" Mr. President , exactly what kind of threat are you making ? "
tr	5	Later that day , in the cafeteria , Timothy lines up behind Joey .
tr	7	The fabric of Time is terribly complex in the present .
tr	10	You are the first to know of your heritage , in fact .
tr	6	Hope bubbled up in my chest .
tr	7	" Perhaps that would be best , " the father said , considering seriously .
tr	9	With orders to aim low , the Confederates returned fire into the lower banks of the river .
tr	6	When he straightened , winded , another blow drove him to his knees .
tr	9	" Would two hundred of our braves be sufficient to do the job ? "
tr	9	It made that old spark inside him flare back to life .
tr	8	Two hours later , she felt refreshed and clean , her skin soft and creamy .
tr	9	' She was a hundred years younger than you , ' said Tomas .
tr	10	' I 'd hate you to feel like that .
tr	6	" Oh , yeah , I kind of forgot about the Vampire thing .
tr	10	One cannot be buried with holes in his socks . "
tr	10	' Sorry to bother you , ' I said hastily after confirming her details and returned to the car .
tr	10	And what is it that you find strange , sir ? '
tr	9	" You look tired , I thought you were on holiday ? "
tr	8	From what I can gather she and Sky have never been on holiday .
tr	10	" I am supposed to hitch a ride to Europe .
tr	9	I shall hunt every last one of you , and make stew out of your hearts . "
tr	11	" Forgive me , " he said , " but I believe the cup belongs to this young gentleman . "
tr	6	" That 's funny , you never strike me as the comic reading type . "
tr	8	One mast broke because of the weight , and the ship was tossed and rolled with every breaking wave .
tr	11	The water level lowered vastly revealing everything below them had been stripped bare .
tr	11	I need ... " " Maya , " Gabe 's voice is soft , " please , don 't do this .
tr	10	Talking out of school to make a buck .
tr	7	" Why waste energy carrying the pods to the surface ? "
tr	10	I fix things that need fixing .
tr	6	" Are we ready to declare our maritime exclusion zones , Mr. Secretary ? "
tr	5	Jess bit my ear a little too hard , bringing my attention back to her .
tr	11	In the little hut entered three drunk boys and when they saw me , they stopped in the threshold .
tr	11	Do you have room for them ? "
tr	7	Then , he tossed the idea sheepishly , he was in all the way , and would see it through .
tr	10	" How is it that you have drawn this burden ?
tr	5	" Hell , no , but it 's still the right path . "
tr	8	Kelvin was hovering over his operator 's shoulder .
tr	8	" The mechanics can deal with their machines and the dead . "
tr	7	Part 2 - Friday Chapter 7 - The Proposed Project " Errol , breakfast is ready ! "
tr	6	" I fancy blackened sausage , " she said with a glint in her eye .
tr	7	Clancy asked each their accounts of the day 's events .
tr	7	" I can be merciful , Billy , " he said loudly , and tossed the rope into the fire .
tr	6	" This style of pipe was quite popular in the early eighteenth-century . "
tr	8	" Very well , I 'll try to remember .
tr	8	By now our conversation had attracted a small group of onlookers .
tr	7	After a few minutes of intense humiliation , the lock clicked .
tr	11	It wasn 't difficult to reach , but a slow and tiring slog .
tr	9	I lied him , but that truth with the rape thing he has not to know .
tr	11	" Er , actually , I have no idea how , or when I signed it .
tr	6	" You are leading me on , right ? "
tr	8	He was a professional assassin ... perhaps one of the best and you couldn 't be too careful .
tr	11	Why did her friend have to be right this one time of all times ?
tr	9	The bartender 's eyebrows rose by a generous fraction at the mention of the commander 's name .
tr	10	The cousins were constantly at each other 's throats , even if they would defend each other to the death .
tr	9	They should have left any survivors on the road , so they could get to help .
tr	8	As I stared at the vial in her hand , I felt a cold suspicion trickle through my thoughts .
tr	7	" Do you ever think about ... " Eris paused , " I don 't know , what it does ?
tr	5	Of course , with your wonderful physique , you 're not showing . "
tr	7	Shaking away her disbelief , Claire retrieved the burgundy booklet from her handbag and slid it over the counter .
tr	7	Seeing his speeding bulk diminish , Calvin held his breath and rocketed like Daley Thompson .
tr	11	It wasn 't cold enough to be frozen yet , but the edges were crusty with ice .
tr	6	His second smiled and continued with the conversation .
tr	9	I think they may be numbers . "
tr	11	They are the ones you must be wary of .
tr	9	From there it was a short walk across the park to the university .
tr	9	The sidekick shattered ribs - driving some partially out the shapeshifter 's back .
tr	11	Now they could cut all they wanted without worry .
tr	9	" Now that Simon has gone all peculiar over that Barbara female , you and I can observe them instead . "
tr	9	How 's your side of things shaping up ? "
tr	6	A little lower still on the left , right past the elevators , three people stood by the wall .
tr	8	He swallowed before he spoke again .
tr	10	" That 's too bad , " Farmer replied sheepishly , which prompted more giggles from Spade .
tr	6	CCTV was everywhere ; not a single street or alleyway was spared .
tr	10	They climbed out of the water and redressed before heading in toward the Trace .
tr	11	It 's not going to be open for three days . "
tr	10	His shoulders slouched , and I could tell he blamed me .
tr	8	Now , if you will excuse me ? "
tr	9	Do you believe that ? "
tr	7	" That would be nice , " said Taylor and waved them good-bye .
tr	5	Only Skin Five The Heat Outside The night hung hot and still .
tr	10	Tate seemed to soften at Avril 's voice .
tr	9	It was nice hearing those from you .
tr	7	I stared at him , my mouth agape .
tr	9	She handed her daughter petticoats to pack in and only sniffed few times .
tr	10	He wanted her to know him , to love him and was not ashamed to answer uncomfortable questions .
tr	11	" It must be impressive in the summer with a blue sky and a bit more green . "
tr	7	As the guard staggered back , the servant took a step forward and swung the pot in an arc .
tr	5	' Yes , but we probably aren 't , ' said Susan .
tr	8	While Chris studied , Cobb sat across from him on the couch , typing away on his laptop .
tr	5	Only the oddities remained , those that least resembled an actual weapon .
tr	11	" Yes , Vivian , that 's exactly what I was going to do .
tr	11	" So apparently , only the four of us know you weren 't killed in that attack ? "
tr	7	He walked straight to his work area , picked up his new cashmere sports jacket and headed for the side exit .
tr	10	She was thinking of the bomb in Jakarta , and of Toby .
tr	10	Riki pointed across the sea to where the smaller island could now be seen .
tr	7	Next , he grabbed the man 's feet , hoisting him up .
tr	10	" We 'll probably get lost in the mountains and have to sleep outside ! "
tr	8	" Sampson doesn 't give up something for nothing .
tr	10	" Swim in your dress if you will , but kick off those boots and get in ! "
tr	6	" Your humility is heartwarming , " Gabe cuts in .
tr	10	" Oh , you 've got to be kidding me .
tr	11	I 'd rather go twice than three times , if you know what I mean .
tr	8	I needed to shut up .
tr	9	' How 're we gon na do this ? '
tr	8	The girls followed , shielding themselves behind him .
tr	8	" Be gone , " the Queen of Twilight breathes , launching her dark arrow at the boy .
tr	8	Zoe found a heavy , fallen branch and lugged it back to the water 's edge .
tr	8	" I 'm ready for anything , boss . "
tr	10	" Sounds as though you have everything under control , sweetheart .
tr	8	Enrico came into sight and offered her some water , helping her sip it .
tr	6	And what was with the puking ?
tr	7	I swung open the window a crack .
tr	5	" Yes , mother , I surely did , " Sarah answered .
tr	8	But this sounds , well , it sounds kind of cruel if you ask me . "
tr	10	And who would be far stronger than normal men .
tr	10	" I can 't believe I 'm doing this . "
tr	6	" Good morning to you too , sunshine , " she heard Nia 's disgustingly happy voice .
tr	9	I knew he had heard me .
tr	10	Do what you have to do .
tr	8	" I have to go , Sky will wonder where I am .
tr	6	Her bed was large and canopied , the fireplace mantel was marble and a Victorian vanity table graced the far wall .
tr	8	Though not cold its body heat had been sapped into the cool ground .
tr	11	" But you 're sure this is what you want ? "
tr	10	Adele smiled softly bringing Eda 's hand to her cheek and resting her face against it .
tr	6	She 's average height , little overweight .
tr	7	He held a cup of coffee in his hands .
tr	9	What a feeling to be flying again .
tr	6	And that was good news ... unlike the report he woke up to .
tr	8	If we are indeed being followed we should remove ourselves from sight .
tr	9	It had been a while since I drove the old antique .
tr	5	" The one cop , the older one , was a seasoned officer .
tr	11	" Do you know when he will return ? "
tr	8	The security station is empty , the officer lying unconscious nearby .
tr	9	" I want to know you better . "
tr	9	He reverted to his usual bored attitude as his mother eyed him and Miriam suspiciously .
tr	8	' I thought you looked familiar .
tr	8	Maybe Sleaford Castle was like that once but no longer .
tr	6	The whole group of them took field trips out in the Wilderness Swamp . "
tr	11	There , two paramedics were waiting with a gurney that held a black body bag .
tr	8	A woman 's voice emerged from behind him , and the men on board rose to their feet .
tr	11	Claire dropped her head into the pillow with a groan and tried to return to sleep .
tr	9	" I want to rip them to pieces . "
tr	6	" I was once betrothed . "
tr	6	My face crumbling , my heart shattering , dropping to my knees beside his limp body .
tr	7	Glory to the legacy of Her Empire and Her Will ! "
tr	5	You : Because your butt is - " " Hello , Miss Kiss . "
tr	5	" Yes , if ' crab ' is it .
tr	10	" I mean that if it is your wish , I will release you from our betrothal . "
tr	7	Holding her scythe with her left hand , she quietly conjured a shadow orb with the other .
tr	6	" Many reasons , love , magic , adventure ... , " the old man could not finish his sentence .
tr	8	They had amassed and digested quite a pile of material on the subject .
tr	11	It kept getting bigger and bigger as they got closer .
tr	11	His brain went into overdrive , and took in every detail of the appearance of the men around him .
tr	8	I 'll tell you something else Harry ... .
tr	11	' The Tamer ' he was called on the streets .
tr	8	The wind had got up and was sweeping down from the icy mountains to the north .
tr	7	" Please , no ... " ~ ~ ~ Walter shaved off his beard and rinsed the soap from his face .
tr	6	We never heard from them again .
tr	7	Do you deny it ? "
tr	9	It would be some time yet for that but the growing light would now be their greatest threat .
tr	8	The city was now a ghost town , crumbled to ruins .
tr	8	Jacob said , " I entered the Marriott lobby , and to my surprise Victoria was there waiting for me .
tr	11	" Sally , why did you walk away ? "
tr	9	He was introduced to Ryan by the local head of his political party .
tr	11	I think it is beyond your present capacity to understand anything .
tr	11	It took some time to get used to it .
tr	9	You are going to see some top secret things today .
tr	5	But in the end , they were not father and son !
tr	8	" But you must have over 100 panels here , " he calculated in shock .
tr	7	Ethan could barely see the man 's face for the dim light cast by the electric lamps .
tr	6	She had long , thin , dark brown hair , canted eyes , and a know-it-all expression .
tr	10	Navi calls , growing even more concerned about her companion 's state of mind .
tr	9	" He has a whole scrapbook of all the write-ups in any civilian newspapers or Air Force publications .
tr	6	" Thomas , you 're an absolute wonder , " the man said with laughter in his voice .
tr	6	" Dear God , " said Jace , " the dread hour is nigh . "
tr	8	" You possess no capacity to threaten my kingdom .
tr	6	Cutoff in twenty seconds , " Jonesy said to ground control .
tr	11	Are you trying to kill yourself ? "
tr	8	One thing I was certain of : the people inside that van had some of the answers .
tr	9	They followed the river west as the sun set in bronze colors .
tr	8	She pulled open drawers in the kitchen , looking for a bread recipe .
tr	8	" Take this pitiful excuse for a. . .
tr	7	Instead , a core connection with the void showed her a world without chaos .
tr	8	They stood there for some time in silence .
tr	7	" Maybe I didn 't strike the right tone , " he admitted .
tr	10	Do you know where Little Spirit are ? '
tr	8	You 'll help me feed the pups . "
tr	11	Even in the near dark , I saw the back was quarter filled with plain cardboard boxes .
tr	8	The most difficult choice they had ever made was what crop to plant .
tr	7	Ben thought to himself : " What an unpleasant man , his eyes are like two black holes . "
tr	10	Fish couldn 't help but admire her perfect ass as she walked away from him .
tr	11	Do you wan na go ? "
tr	9	A voice cried , loud enough to cut through the many conversations .
tr	8	His lips searched and kissed every part of her .
tr	9	I 'd run my first tenner in five months even if it killed me .
tr	9	Once the church was packed , every seat taken , Father Jonas started the ceremony .
tr	6	After the totally awkward eating experience , we cleaned up the empty containers and cleared up the living room .
tr	5	" Sorry again , Nathan , " said Anderson .
tr	6	The curator took the shot in the arm , painful but not debilitating .
tr	7	OK , let 's deal with the foal first then Trevor can get on his way .
tr	7	But that kiss told me what he felt .
tr	9	She is a pleasure to have around .
tr	6	The girl dangled upside down , her feet tied to the shower curtain rod .
tr	5	His voice , too , was all but expressionless , impersonal and polite .
tr	11	He was lying on the floor in front of the couch .
tr	7	" Way to go , Dad , " I whispered .
tr	5	With fine blond hair , dark steely blue eyes , and a very handsome face .
tr	9	There are no aliens , there is no fleet being built in orbit .
tr	6	Why did he not say something ?
tr	10	" Maybe you 'd better take someone with you tomorrow morning when you go up and finish the road . "
tr	7	She reluctantly raised her head and stared at the speaker through bleary eyes .
tr	11	I want a Starbucks , I want to feel pavement beneath my feet instead of dirt . "
tr	9	The tracker he 'd insisted upon was working perfectly .
tr	11	She really didn 't know why she was doing it , but she did it anyway .
tr	6	she 's in the cop shop just now . "
tr	7	" Had he seen the names on those pages , he would have disrupted my plans . "
tr	10	' That 's a helluva lot of don 't knows . '
tr	9	Remember , go easy , gentle as a dove , wise as a snake .
tr	10	Baron Samael grimly concentrated the spells building forces , bidding them into being and waited .
tr	8	As the shocked girl looked at her hand , she began to faint .
tr	11	David appeared to have lost his sense of purpose and balance .
tr	9	One more person I cared about more than they did me .
tr	9	" This is a present to celebrate the holiday . "
tr	10	He placed his palm on the edge of it and slid it sideways , the image scrolled with his hand .
tr	11	Do you know what I am ? "
tr	7	After double checking the area , he slipped inside the shed .
tr	10	Not to mention someone willing to listen or learn .
tr	9	Ben joked condescendingly as Jimmy fell into hysterics again .
tr	6	His best friend , a man he didn 't know , dying with a sword through the chest .
tr	6	I took out a Second Sun canister , lit it and chucked it down .
tr	8	" Linda what is it ? "
tr	10	" I 've got to go inside and wash my hands .
tr	11	When I first got married I thought my wife was complicated .
tr	11	I wished Tuck was there so he could see .
tr	7	It came at last , but I held my pose .
tr	11	Do you know of what I speak ? "
tr	5	One way or the other , you 're dead . "
tr	8	It was obvious that they meant business .
tr	8	Gan said , " You feel the Devils behind us , too . "
tr	9	" Hold on , one is flickering , so is the second one .
tr	10	Her primitive instinct of direction led her unerringly along the route they had come .
tr	11	That 's the last thing I wanted to do . "
tr	11	Then we 'll open our eyes and see which direction most of us are pointing .
tr	9	" If you like , you may work on your story for a bit . "
tr	10	The larger twin Stela reacted to the warning from Daniel as if she knew what he knew .
tr	7	He crossed the atrium , opened the front door and stepped out into the grounds .
tr	10	For sending Finn to watch me .
tr	8	Closing her eyes to concentrate , she murmurs a spell , blinking her atop the castle walls instantly .
tr	11	He did not care to put forth the time or the effort to change .
tr	7	At the other end of the bar was a young tourist couple , probably American from their dress .
tr	11	This is where all humans are supposed to be .
tr	9	" I 'm dying to know , " Jason replies sarcastically .
tr	10	But when my father saw it , he was furious with her and could not believe the damage caused to them .
tr	8	And I hope they never will be .
tr	11	Even if she wanted to be with Noah , she would never deserve him .
tr	7	Glancing over at Elaina , he followed her stare out to sea and gaped .
tr	6	" Come on , let 's just get a quick look . "
tr	6	" How long have you dwelt here ? "
tr	8	They were good pictures , full of laughter and understanding .
tr	7	When they reached the tavern , they were tied up together .
tr	8	Slowly , I lower my knees , unwind my arms , reach out and take the blanket from his hand .
tr	8	Gan tried to interrupt , and the older man silenced him with a peremptory nod .
tr	9	I wonder how he did it , the appearance I mean . "
tr	9	I reached for the brown package taped to the roof inside .
tr	10	She reached up and flipped a switch on the device strapped to her head .
tr	11	Then as the king , he announced to the whole court that you 'd been murdered in Switzerland .
tr	5	" Yeah , you 're probably right .
tr	5	The drive home was silent and scary .
tr	11	It was so easy to take care of him back home .
tr	10	I keep the skin down over my palms , but I can feel those bulbs pushing against the seams .
tr	8	" When you put the sword back , I had to leave you .
tr	11	Poems were written and songs were sung as Hyrule finally saw a prosperous day dawn on its citizens .
tr	11	But he grew serious when she started to pull out her purchases .
tr	7	" After they let us in , then what ?
tr	9	And there they were : light thin arrows that were barely visible .
tr	10	The shadows were too thick for me to see anything below its surface .
tr	11	Scarborough grabbed the nearest poster and tore it off the tree which it was pasted .
tr	11	The rumbling continues even after the attack has concluded , the aggravated mountain perpetuating the seismic activity .
tr	6	" Missy , come on ! "
tr	8	She wanted to get out .
tr	10	Two down , two to go , was someone trying to tell me something ?
tr	9	I know I can communicate telepathically .
tr	7	She never talked about it and that 's not like her . "
tr	8	Gwendolyn springs like a cat and brings one of her swords down .
tr	8	They do find it entertaining .
tr	7	" We have lots of room .
tr	11	Commander Gus Hayes was still the leader of the expedition even though it had been reduced to only seven colonists .
tr	6	' Report completed , I gave myself a fortnight 's grace before my next job .
tr	8	" We may take the straight south route , if you like .
tr	5	" You and I were first time parents a long time ago . "
tr	11	I 've missed just talking like this from time to time .
tr	9	The force of the blast had scoured the river bottom away from the tunnel roof , cracking it in the process .
tr	9	What and why does he know ?
tr	11	She couldn 't help smiling at this smaller version of Liam .
tr	9	I have to keep trying .
tr	8	Homeless people scoured the alleys behind shops and stores , some pushing their worldly belongings in shopping carts .
tr	10	Mirai 's voice was distant now , a buzz in the back of his brain .
tr	5	Wood chips , paint and bullet shells flew everywhere .
tr	6	" So , why did you mess with me at the academy ? "
tr	5	After a few blocks , Ted still felt pretty good .
tr	11	Zell tugged her around so they were face to face .
tr	6	" At least now you understand , " Ryder smirked , arrogant and cocky , and the spell was broken .
tr	7	' I 'll have a drink , ' he said to himself , and rose for the corridor .
tr	9	" The miracle is how you let him escape .
tr	9	Zombie dogs will attack anything that moves , except other zombie dogs .
tr	8	Different voices began speaking into his earpiece .
tr	8	He carefully tapped off a disc of thick ash into the silver holder by his elbow .
tr	9	My face turned the color of a crimson sunset , or that was what it felt like .
tr	6	' She 's currently unreachable , ' said Victor drily .
tr	10	He paused when he caught sight of Godard .
tr	6	The more Aeron spoke , the more his voice became multilayered , deep and raspy , lilting yet harsh .
tr	9	In point of fact , none of these questions going through his mind really mattered .
tr	7	They might be angry but they would not chase him away .
tr	9	There must be other reasons , but what ?
tr	6	At first glance , Nigel looked nothing like a computer hacker .
tr	11	Laurence smiled to me without answering my question , going to the luggage , starting to unpack them .
tr	9	With curiosity , I realized we were in a church .
tr	8	Even when she called out to him he did not look at her .
tr	7	" Excuse me a moment , I 've been expecting this call . "
tr	11	It fell around the idol , which crashed to the ground .
tr	10	I think I saw the ledge where we crashed . "
tr	10	' Bet they make you feel twitchy , huh ? '
tr	10	Just laughed and told me to drop my gun or they 'd give me to Shambles .
tr	9	No sense in risking your lives and the brothers ' safety any longer .
tr	10	He still felt as though he were constantly being tested , keeping the unbalanced team together .
tr	7	But we 're not in a holy man 's parable .
tr	9	Lilith only stuck with Joe because he could protect her .
tr	5	" Dear God , it 's those young lads again .
tr	6	Behold the Dreamcatcher -- Talisman of courage , Gatekeeper of the spirit , Weapon of the light .
tr	10	" I just ran home from practice -- am I supposed to smell like flowers ? "
tr	10	" I 'm a box of keys without locks , and a keeper of notes .
tr	5	Above the table the next band kicked out dance rhythms .
tr	9	They sound closer than they could possibly be .
tr	10	He opened his mouth several times before spitting out what was on his mind .
tr	6	" I just realized something , " he announced to the group .
tr	9	He was different , and I wanted no part of him or their plot .
tr	10	" Captain , are you boys ready to get back in the shit ? "
tr	10	None of the guards patrolled around this area ; probably to hide the illusion that something valuable was here .
tr	11	" No need to remind you I 've offered you close to a billion dollars for it .
tr	9	These instructions are all written ... " He rested a few moments and then trudged on , coming to a stream .
tr	11	Scott hoped she knew what he had meant .
tr	7	measured strides down the hallway and the two men walked into the room .
tr	9	Now you have a willing audience , and you want to back off .
tr	8	Not only was she obviously a woman , she was black .
tr	11	I haven 't been able to talk to them since everything went to hell .
tr	10	It was Chris who had done all the changing .
tr	9	Only when it quieted would he acknowledge them .
tr	10	I pretended to move to leave .
tr	6	Beautiful eyes , pewter green and hazel gray , neither and both , changeable , mercurial , quicksilver eyes .
tr	7	" It 's ... it 's a Christmas miracle , " said Dave .
tr	8	They had worked and brought up their children honestly and had successfully overcome many difficulties in their lives .
tr	10	" We get to fight other members of other tribes .
tr	6	France left them on their own a long time ago . "
tr	10	' Because we have more experience dealing with these people than you do , ' he said curtly .
tr	11	The soldiers who had not noticed the little group of archers wheeled around at the noise .
tr	11	And then he let me go like I was a street urchin .
tr	9	I really didn 't want an uplifting experience - by kind courtesy of Martin Baker .
tr	8	Beppe held the phone in the air for a minute before it began ringing .
tr	7	The next day was cloudless and Tori , Daniel and Stacy went out on the sports field .
tr	5	He was at least a head taller .
tr	6	" Ecstasy , this is Alert Patrol Alpha , " a voice sounds over the speakers .
tr	10	And with that the Angel disappeared with a flap of his wings .
tr	10	You deserve a beautiful lady young as yourself , healthy and scarce of years . "
tr	10	" I guess I felt loved .
tr	6	Raising both her arms she cries out , " Hey , Warrior !
tr	9	They had to finish this battle and escape .
tr	5	But the most dangerous one sounds the best . "
tr	8	" You need to give me some time .
tr	6	" Go on back , Victoria arrived some time ago . "
tr	7	" That is not important , and not your concern , " said Brazen never taking his eyes off Reggie .
tr	9	" Is many years I 'm gone .
tr	8	It hadn 't been replaced in recent decades .
tr	9	' Look , we 're only trying to help , ' said Reid .
tr	10	Alex insisted he watch the video of the missile launch .
tr	8	This timer the caller was a newly elected Chief of Operations , not Ryan 's usual contact , Bill Withers .
tr	8	He pointed to the glass and Scarborough caught the reflection of her gold eyes in the glass shiny exterior .
tr	10	" Just remember that the platoon leaders will look after their men .
tr	9	He figured now was as good a time as any .
tr	10	I was relieved this apparition wasn 't in my mind .
tr	6	he crowed , obviously quite pleased .
tr	11	" It 's not that she 's inscrutable , so to speak , it 's more that she never says anything .
tr	6	By mid-afternoon Friedrich guided the Maybach into the motor court at the villa .
tr	9	" He 's not going to hurt us . "
tr	9	Leah came back sometime later , her arms full of rather large white mushrooms .
tr	9	Michael said as he was standing up .
tr	10	Heroes who are too sarcastic for their own good .
tr	8	He taps his CU and walks back to Dr. Hartman and Captain Drake 's projection .
tr	9	The path to the left leads downward while the right continues on the same level .
tr	9	Such things had never held meaning to him .
tr	11	" I 'll have to keep that in mind . "
tr	6	" That 's him , " the lady said in surprise .
tr	7	Zeal 's aggressive capture and subsequent questioning regarding this mysterious code was once again linked to me .
tr	6	He smiles , and says , " Good evening , my love . "
tr	6	Behind the glass door of the box was an axe .
tr	9	Whatever you make for me , you take ten percent to keep my accounts in order .
tr	10	Come noon the plane had a brand new identity with papers and all , was filled up and ready to go .
tr	6	Finan heaved himself from his seat with a growl .
tr	8	" I know that sounds lame , but it helped . "
tr	8	Connor Moylan had disappeared off the face of the earth .
tr	7	Anna was quiet for some time .
tr	5	Left foot , half a second , right foot , half a second , left foot .
tr	10	" It 's beginning to feel like it .
tr	8	Abby smiled and took a seat right next to me .
tr	9	Raymond was trying to flush them out .
tr	9	An hour later , she wandered out to the barn to pat a few horses ' noses .
tr	10	Marching over towards Stalin , Alejo motioned for him to move out of the way .
tr	9	She 'd be disappointed in him , and that was the worst punishment of all .
tr	10	Never let one live who did .
tr	8	We need to tell the scientists . "
tr	11	The brothers pretend not to notice , but they pause each time I pull my hand out of the water .
tr	8	Abby 's archaeologist persona kicked in and Rick 's wound became unimportant to her .
tr	10	" We don 't know what 's behind it . "
tr	7	Glancing down at the beach , he pointed and said , " There 's one here for you too . "
tr	9	Do you want to come with me ?
tr	7	The two hundred foot deep gorge was now barely one hundred feet deep .
tr	11	He might never be able to forgive her the rebuff .
tr	8	His muscles ached , and a headache clouded all thought .
tr	10	Sarah couldn 't remember being more moved by such a simple act .
tr	11	" How are they going to take over a government with a fighting tournament ? "
tr	9	would be helpful if we knew the significance . "
tr	10	" You know this is too bloody complicated , " said the Commander , " too much going on at once .
tr	7	" He 's alive , but ... but ... " " But what Jules ? "
tr	10	Maybe they could spend the winter in the Fens , or sneak into little hamlet somewhere and disappear .
tr	6	" What if they shoot again ?
tr	9	" And I 'm not saying I 'm sorry .
tr	8	Keep working on your lines .
tr	10	Supposed to be helping me recover .
tr	6	firearms tracer bullets through the night air , in the daytime , unseen laser , into the night .
tr	7	The moment passed , and the big man took a deep , calming breath , then spoke .
tr	10	Megan asked , sensing that Rachel knew something , much more than Megan did .
tr	7	Well , we 'll consider it , " Abby wrote .
tr	8	Connor pushed the rifle toward the sky with his staff when another shot was fired .
tr	9	His father died before he was born , and his mother , your grandmother , died in childbirth .
tr	7	" Don 't you dare , " she shouted back , " I love it . "
tr	11	yelled Teddy and Beau noticed that he sounded completely sober all of the sudden .
tr	6	" But that would mean ... " " That Jamila 's kiss was my first , yes . "
tr	10	Obviously it was secured to a burned out building after the attack .
tr	8	There was a heavy crunching sound , and the dark figure came out of the shadows and into the torchlight .
tr	10	she asked , unable to see around him .
tr	8	" It 's like this , " he said making himself comfortable .
tr	8	He noticed a for sale sign on the house across the street .
tr	8	Breathing heavily , Simon looked between Miriam and his father 's partner .
tr	6	Danny said , ' Yeah , but audiences see posters and band separately . '
tr	9	After it became obvious that he did , he went on .
tr	9	" I thought we 'd already agreed , " she said , " I 'm going to start dinner . "
tr	9	she protested , " What 's the matter with you ? "
tr	10	Seemed to have something to hide .
tr	7	" Do they always dress like that ? "
tr	11	He had an amused light hearted smile on his face but Lord Brogan could see that it was a little brittle .
tr	11	Terry had a small security business based in Hereford at that time focusing on residential security .
tr	11	" Remember , I was certified on many different aircraft in the Air Force . "
tr	8	Nancy swooped past me to the cheering of the crowd .
tr	11	Alexander fell and with all her might Sophia tried to drag him out from under the tree .
tr	6	and boss she doesn 't look too good . "
tr	10	Failing to hang on to his spikey black hair , his hood collapses onto his back .
tr	8	Ryan was sitting in his bungalow sipping an excellent chocolate milkshake .
tr	7	Predictably , a careful search of the buildings and the courtyard yielded no results .
tr	9	" Well , you know that new guy who bought out the old Cummings ranch ? "
tr	11	That starts a reaction , expanding a foam between the inner and outer layers of the structure . "
tr	10	That does present a problem , doesn 't it ? "
tr	7	" They 've got my lighter .
tr	7	As for me , another shiver sweeps through my body , rattling my bones .
tr	7	" Oh , I see , they 're heading for the park . "
tr	9	" Only if all of you will be there , " Kat said and sat down .
tr	11	' I told Tomas to turn the porch light off if there was any sign of trouble , ' said Victor .
tr	9	She wanted to keep it for herself .
tr	6	The necromancer 's breath was slow and calm , but in that moment the he was almost helpless .
tr	8	As she hoisted her bag on her shoulder , Conor stood up and came round the table .
tr	7	The conversation was becoming a little too complicated , too difficult .
tr	7	' Straight into the lions ' den , huh ? '
tr	9	Connor finally asked one of the concierges if he had seen Andre .
tr	7	She looks fine to me .
tr	11	He 'd been planning on going to Marshal University the next year .
tr	11	They had been in communication with each other for an hour now .
tr	7	He rolled her on her back and made love to her in the sweetest way .
tr	6	Herb you might ask Doc .
tr	8	I 've got plans , big plans , and you 're a big part of them .
tr	8	From above the Warrior Ants smelled the gore of the Tarantula 's body fluids leaking out of her leg sockets .
tr	6	" Revenge , I 'll say , " growled the pirate before them .
tr	9	" I got rid of the needles , but I can 't seem to coordinate .
tr	10	It appeared to be a holographic baseball card or something , but was too shiny for that .
tr	8	Then his stomach twisted up and his mind stopped working properly .
tr	8	" I need to do something . "
tr	7	You coming back in such a spectacular fashion sparked all kinds of discussions and contemplations .
tr	10	The difference is that she was not lame after all .
tr	9	Impressed he 'd remembered his name , Danny went to shake hands .
tr	7	" Five minutes , sir , " said a man at Reggie 's shoulder .
tr	7	I should be running away !
tr	7	' I left and never saw her again ; until a few months ago . '
tr	10	Arms waving , I ran like a mad person ; circling myself like a Lag chasing his tail .
tr	5	" Him , " Oscar whispered and the other nameless jar demon nodded .
tr	10	Just imagine their amazement when they got to their table and found it with its full complement .
tr	8	Stepping inside , a surprisingly thin baker called out a hello at the sound of the bell above the door .
tr	11	She made them get into the corner of the room , after they acknowledged Wolf Eyes .
tr	11	The battle came to a rest as all eyes turned towards us , unreal creatures of immense proportions floating above them .
tr	8	" Looks like we have a new job . "
tr	8	There was no place to go .
tr	8	As the fighting area was cleared a booming deep voice echoed across the stadium .
tr	9	I leaned slightly forward to catch a look at his guilty face .
tr	10	Wan na meet back here for lunch in a couple of hours ? "
tr	10	he demanded , glaring in the direction of the grooms .
tr	8	There were only dozens or so people here now , most of the workers having finished their jobs .
tr	9	His hands were still cuffed behind his back , but he knew better than to ask .
tr	7	He gave a low whistle and immediately had the zombie dog 's full attention .
tr	7	" The next morning we started up the mountain , and we climbed and we climbed , higher and higher .
tr	6	When I laugh , Gabe turns to me .
tr	11	There was so much to be said , or maybe that was wrong and there was actually nothing to say .
tr	6	" It 's your decision , but still . "
tr	10	No need to be uncomfortable in your tents . "
tr	10	Archie began to carefully level the plane out of its turn .
tr	11	Someone is shaking my shoulder telling me to wake up .
tr	7	he asked Ali in Arabic .
tr	5	Did you tell Dr. Ortega ? "
tr	9	Flaherty acknowledged and without realizing it , he reached up to tighten his crash webbing .
tr	9	Connor paused to take another bite out of his sandwich and tort .
tr	5	" Hey yourselves , " the shooter returned the greeting .
tr	8	On several occasions he banged it on the ceiling of the tunnel .
tr	6	At best , they were chaotic , and sometimes they seemed almost sinister .
tr	8	The study had been fixed up like a hospital room .
tr	11	they 'll be working within the law and staying within the confines of the property .
tr	11	He whipped the rod back and forth a few times keeping the light line airborne while steadily extending its reach .
tr	7	" With what they thought he wanted ; a family of his own . "
tr	9	I need to know why .
tr	7	" On behalf of the group , as its appointed representative , I accept these conditions of entry . "
tr	9	We arrived in Key West a couple of days ahead of Pisces .
tr	8	Moments later , a strange looking old man appeared out of nowhere with a square shaped rucksack on his back .
tr	6	He pointed at a distinct mountain peak in the distance .
tr	6	" Not the study , " she said , her voice timid and she cursed herself .
tr	7	At last , he stood and stretched , the chain still wrapped about him .
tr	6	" So , you have returned , " he panted .
tr	5	" Who is Leila ? "
tr	9	He released young Earthworms to help the roots breathe .
tr	10	I was going to walk on , but I heard my name .
tr	9	Sometimes I have to remind him the child was only one this year .
tr	9	Anna frowned , turned to the second scientist and hit him on the jaw with the butt of the gun .
tr	8	You can see that , right , sir ? "
tr	7	Pulling a flaming stick from the fire , he met Wolf Eyes .
tr	6	And now the other people in the village could join the celebration .
tr	9	No one interfered with Church because her missionaries and Healers were holy , their lives inviolate .
tr	5	" How could he know ? "
tr	5	In the study she tore off the paper .
tr	8	As shouts of defiance and rejection arose from our side , I looked to the king .
tr	9	If the Prince of Oxen found this place , marched on it with his army , he would crush them all .
tr	8	From his place in the water he could not help but to admire her .
tr	7	The flush of embarrassment had crept down her neck and now covered her chest as well .
tr	9	" Our young friend who we met back in Treviso . "
tr	11	" There is a table over there with a map of the area .
tr	7	He took his boot from my face and strutted slowly into view .
tr	8	Three days ago it was a dead homeless guy lying in the brush .
tr	7	Once the operation was canned , all documents of its plan were burned .
tr	10	" It 's like a dream I can 't quite recall .
tr	9	I couldn 't deny the soldier was impressive .
tr	6	Well , black and red was the theme , and someone needed a decorator .
tr	7	The first thing Taylor noticed was the unusual texture and color of the paper .
tr	7	He squatted down by the backpack and unzipped it carefully .
tr	9	Peeking through the single opened door , a rapid series of anxious breaths are halted when the sentry breaks the silence .
tr	10	" Do you even have any caps for it ? "
tr	9	A door to his left opened , and the second guard entered ... with four others .
tr	8	In his command is an army that does not eat , sleep , or die !
tr	11	There was a small pop , which evidently was the small bottle being uncorked .
tr	8	Joyce immediately recognized one of her old colleagues and there was a tearful dockside reunion .
tr	9	I could taste the air , moist and flowing like a spring .
tr	9	Neil exclaimed and clapped one hand to his nose as the smell hit him .
tr	9	He might only make things worse , he seemed only to hurt her rather than make matters better .
tr	10	' Was he big , like Danny , with dark hair ? '
tr	6	Some of it from the sun and moon , but mostly from the heavens beyond .
tr	8	One by one , exhausted , they fell away or slumped to the ground where they stood .
tr	7	That was the difference between survival and certain death .
tr	8	Now he was no longer a puppet on a string , he wasn 't anything like his precious Greyhounds .
tr	9	I could see through its beady eyes to the small workings in its teeny brain .
tr	8	In my mind I saw the joy in her face as I handed her a daughter . "
tr	11	" To your house ? "
tr	10	" How come you didn 't tell me this before ? "
tr	7	Nothing that you want is upstream . "
tr	8	" You live close enough to walk ? "
tr	8	Dresden and Valerie are thrown from their chairs and onto the deck .
tr	9	" We had some complications after we left the mall , " Mark said .
tr	10	Could there be something in them that told him their names ?
tr	10	The floor was covered in indiscriminate green linoleum long out of style and well worn by a multitude of feet .
tr	6	Up on the top deck , it 's quite windy , and because of this , not many people are around .
tr	11	She 's not ready to believe he hanged himself .
tr	11	His intention had been to get his arms around Ted and slam him into the wall .
tr	9	Mac wasn 't sure what to say .
tr	8	Upon seeing the markings on the door the young woman pauses and sighs .
tr	7	The air of ancient injury dropped away and he became young again .
tr	6	I was wasted , my limbs were leaden and fatigued , my chest ached and my head pounded .
tr	7	In fact she initially joked about the event and continued on with her work .
tr	7	Then he walked past her to the other side and turned on another one .
tr	11	Help me know what is right .
tr	6	" Garen , Francine , Sophie , Emma , Cora , Vincent for certain .
tr	7	Rafe looked over his betrothed 's apparel again , this time a little doubtfully .
tr	11	Do you remember hearing that ? "
tr	11	Cade said in agreement , handing over the reins with a pat to the bay 's cheek .
tr	9	I didn 't care if he was double then me .
tr	11	In conflict he had soon learn to take his rest when , and however , he could .
tr	10	His mouth drops open , and what comes out is a choked , " ugh , ugh , ugh . "
tr	7	As he watched , horror struck , the creature lifted Spruce up to its head .
tr	8	They seemed like two sides of the same coin .
tr	9	He then reached down and grasped her arm pulling her up to her shaky feet .
tr	11	It wasn 't just about finding out where he was anymore .
tr	10	Then I realized that I knew what it was .
tr	8	A red laser beam drills into her forehead where an open third eye stares blankly .
tr	11	Keira asked the question that was on everyone 's mind lately .
tr	9	That was something worth fighting for .
tr	9	Do you have I.D. ? "
tr	10	The perimeter fence of the airfield was rushing towards them even though they couldn 't see it .
tr	7	" How did you fail me , Jean ?
tr	9	Soon after , more and more buildings dotted the road , and we began to recognize different landmarks .
tr	7	We paused our drills and smiled at his approach .
tr	8	Jess , go get Anna up ; Alex , go get Kaylie . "
tr	8	Coming back to himself , he brought the sword down , but the girl was no longer there .
tr	9	" I don 't want to shoot you ! "
tr	8	Not to mention the fact that he probably still works for them . "
tr	6	" Eno , maybe you ... what 's this all about , Nausicaa ? "
tr	9	These sights had been coming to him more each day , and each day they were clearer and more distinct .
tr	9	" I 'm really not at liberty to discuss that right now , " said Joshua apologetically .
tr	9	" Fair enough , " she shrugs , curling her knees to her chest and hugging her shins .
tr	9	I want you to perform as a trained operator .
tr	7	Simon asked , nudging Neil .
tr	10	They are building stuff , that 's all . "
tr	10	Satisfied he had seen everything important , he checked the status of the decryption process .
tr	9	" You look like a fat , friggin ' horse dancing around in a jumping ring .
tr	7	Valerian wrenched and tore savagely , but in vain .
tr	8	With a flutter of his arms , he fought gravity and lost , landing on his rump .
tr	6	Over the top , somewhat amusingly , he was wearing a full-length leather jacket .
tr	7	* * * Inside , thirty minutes before show time , Katherine and Amy scanned the half-filled venue .
tr	9	This was going to be impossible .
tr	10	She slides down the wall and the light leaves her eyes as she slumps to the floor .
tr	6	He went in first and set the bag down .
tr	8	His hand shook , a slight tremor at first but then a definite tremble .
tr	8	Jennings had met a man through an internet chat room a few months before her disappearance .
tr	8	Connor looked at Lyudmila as if pleading for a rescue , but was not getting a response .
tr	9	I DON 'T KNOW WHO YOU 'RE TALKING TO ?
tr	7	Seconds later , Anna emerged in her nightshirt , steaming mad .
tr	7	To him , kisses were for a husband and wife , and they weren 't married .
tr	9	Who dares to summon me ?
tr	7	I closed my eyes and drifted into oblivion .
tr	10	AG : I love hearing what readers think .
tr	9	He reached under his desk and pressed a discreet button connected to a white noise generator .
tr	5	" Ever the honest little bitch , aren 't you ?
tr	9	" In my life I have seen so much betrayal , so many that I could not trust .
tr	8	' Hi John , ' she called towards the phone on her way to the bathroom .
tr	11	She stood frowning at the phone for several seconds , turned and slowly retraced her steps .
tr	11	During those last shortening days of summer Miss Hailey became again the playful sister she wanted to be .
tr	8	Their careful cover and go routine had taken longer than expected .
tr	9	Anyway , Chris had done all he could .
tr	9	Stop trying to be him .
tr	11	I tried to sit up and gasped when pain tore dozens of fiery trails across my body .
tr	9	He reached back with his mind and felt the army of the Empire still following behind them .
tr	7	" Mind if I use your phone , it 's a London call ? "
tr	9	Alex and Kaylie joined them as they were printing the pictures .
tr	6	She knew that , and we know that . "
tr	10	" If they have these at the gates , I 've no idea how we 'll ever get out .
tr	8	He found him a second later , on the other side of the security checkpoint .
tr	8	Bad luck ; can you tell me what happened ?
tr	9	A part of her almost believed she could feel the heat .
tr	7	The Colonel grabbed up his rifle and looked through the scope .
tr	11	' I 'm not sure we should have left the group . '
tr	8	" Maybe they 're cowards ... but I am Gunnar son of Magnus .
tr	10	" Some of the upstairs rooms were closed off , due to the late masters ' orders , " Furnace added .
tr	10	I 'm known to be pretty loquacious but I couldn 't quite find the right words to express my shock .
tr	8	He was , before Yin , the most dominant Wolf the world had ever known .
tr	9	If you can join the network , even the sensor mesh , then everything in NET can be accessed .
tr	7	" Alfred sends encrypted messages most days about this time .
tr	6	A small , newly renovated house stands just inside the archway entrance opposite a large barn .
tr	6	In all the novels she had ever read , the hero kissed the heroine in a situation like this .
tr	11	He really hoped that killing Salazar after so many years would give him some kind of peace .
tr	8	The sentry tried to block our passage .
tr	7	No , it 's just as well she never learns .
tr	10	You do know we quiz our managers on this , don 't you ?
tr	5	' No you don 't , you hurt her . '
tr	6	Food for thought wouldn 't you think ? "
tr	8	I doubt it was aliens .
tr	6	" Let 's go and eat .
tr	7	" Mummy reads me stories , or I watch The Simpsons with her . "
tr	11	He told her as he helped her get up .
tr	10	Warrior is on her back and looks like she is getting a big make over .
tr	7	The driver finished his terse announcement , got out of the bus and lit a roll-up .
tr	6	" Hope it wasn 't too bumpy , " he continued with a laugh .
tr	7	" He 's not the eldest , you see , so he won 't inherit this place . "
tr	9	All his life he had known what to do .
tr	7	the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
tr	7	This whole week we prayed for you , and that boy .
tr	8	Kurt chewed on that for a second .
tr	6	Scott grinned and looked at the bear .
tr	8	Disbelief shone clear in the blue depths of his eyes .
tr	5	" Long time no see , Morning Breath . "
tr	8	When he was more or less clean , Melody tossed Ted a bottle of hand sanitizer .
tr	8	Even though the doctors had sent her home , she still looked exhausted .
tr	7	Ricky got up , rolled his blanket up and the two of them started out the door .
tr	9	Sharp blade , I thought , as I walked towards the door .
tr	9	Never gave him back the money and the ring .
tr	8	The giant raised the sword and the Prince closed his eyes .
tr	6	He never did anything to you ! "
tr	7	His character was not that of a pirate .
tr	8	VIN left his new legs on while bathing ; they were now a permanent part of his body .
tr	11	" That 's the thing about staying in hostels , travelling around .
tr	8	" I 'll text you about our next training , " I yelled .
tr	11	Running out of time without knowing what I 'm chasing .
tr	8	It felt like years since she had laughed .
tr	9	Mariposa was more concerned by the type of ants than the amount .
tr	9	Sucking in a slow breath , Alejo tried to clear his mind and think .
tr	9	This wouldn 't be breaking in , just popping in for a friendly Spy Games hello .
tr	9	So , what should I do next ? "
tr	11	I waited as long as I could to take the shot . "
tr	9	This allowed easy access for large digging machinery to get to its base .
tr	9	Black Scorpion had entered the room of the river and the great abyss .
tr	7	He ticked each response off on his fingers .
tr	8	I pressed the button on top of the camera .
tr	7	It 's food and drink to a desert woman .
tr	10	She had just as much right to be enraged as I did .
tr	8	With the door open a crack , I held onto every wisp of warmth I could get .
tr	9	I watched her disappear from sight .
tr	5	" No , it 's not , " the little girl said .
tr	10	Carl would grin from ear to ear if he could see it .
tr	7	Knocked me on my bottom , it did .
tr	7	Chris heard a kind of sadness creep in .
tr	6	asked the Commander and David 's boss .
tr	9	We could get to know each other .
tr	9	If I need to talk ?
tr	9	" You could be here an hour ago in a time machine , " Christy contributed .
tr	9	You going to be the first ? "
tr	11	I traced the jagged lips of the fracture with my fingers , an idea taking shape in my mind .
tr	10	They slept in that nook for several hours when Megan felt Mary push her .
tr	10	If you want to talk just push the button on the cable .
tr	9	Two more of the Elite Guard followed him out and posted to either side of the doorway .
tr	7	" You were stone , " Josie tried to explain .
tr	10	I don 't want to leave them exposed . '
tr	10	' I have direct orders from the Oval Office to follow your instructions to the letter , ' he said gruffly .
tr	5	A Little Ice Age , or God forbid , a major Ice Age .
tr	6	The gold light , the falling bracts , the dancing bees ... it was all one thing .
tr	5	The visitors continued their quiet orderly advance .
tr	7	We descended the winding staircase and emerged into the massive main hallway .
tr	5	" Becca , this is John , Caitlyn , and Shelby . "
tr	9	The German , which kept me , thrown me down , dashing to Laurence , but nothing .
tr	6	" He 's clearly not wearing that necklace now . "
tr	10	You have to move the pieces in just the right sequence or it won 't open .
tr	6	" Well , as often happens , research in one area led to a discovery in another .
tr	11	Do you know where she went ? "
tr	8	From behind , Chris heard a motorcycle start up .
tr	10	She said it like she didn 't .
tr	11	Finan caught sight of tents emerging from the mists , and within another few seconds he had cantered into the camp .
tr	7	Gabriel kept his grip tightly on his gun , staring at Alejo , pallid .
tr	9	Each new layer afterwards was laid with one less brick , creating the pyramid .
tr	9	" You should never have come to this place , " the man answered him .
tr	8	" Did you hear a lion roar ?
tr	7	His ears turned red , and he pushed me back into my seat good-naturedly .
tr	8	" That 's awful big talk coming from a thirteen-year-old ! "
tr	8	The other girls began teasing her as she intoned , " Follow the path , " over and over .
tr	11	" Savvy , of course we do , but we 're happy she 's living her dreams . "
tr	9	The car park was nearly empty , and Claire wondered if maybe the house wasn 't open .
tr	10	There 's obviously a reason why mothers carry such a well-stocked first aid kit with them .
tr	9	" They 're just going to leave them here ? "
tr	9	I 'll be waiting for your presence here at my castle as early as possible .
tr	10	Just as quickly the power that was in this man 's soul shone through .
tr	8	" But you were shot in the brain " I said to Phillip .
tr	9	The ominous crackling still sounded behind them , as the dragon blundered in her erratic course .
tr	8	They all stared at him like he just kicked their dog .
tr	11	They tumbled to the dirt , each trying to reach for a weapon .
tr	9	Ted turned and went back around the rear of the theater .
tr	8	They moved , not breaking a twig or upsetting anything .
tr	11	" Of course I knew , but I didn 't know what to dress with . "
tr	11	" Try to think about things from her perspective before you continue pursuing her .
tr	8	Valerian fought beside her , his lips smiling and his eyes blazing .
tr	10	I 'd be forced to walk up and down the hall constantly .
tr	7	Whipping his frame upright , he spins and points a threatening finger at her .
tr	8	A small rebellion , the greatest resistance I can manage .
tr	6	Not far from me , the third Knight , the young Russian , pushed himself up from the ground .
tr	8	" You deceive , and that deceit almost tore our world apart and nearly decimated another . "
tr	9	Standing tall in front of the wooden box , she stares down at Rift with an angry expression .
tr	6	The coyote was docile and this shocked Scott .
tr	7	You would like her and she would like you .
tr	9	Want to eat with me ?
tr	9	Sarah sighed but forced a smile on her face for his sake .
tr	6	Unofficially retired , at 72 years old , he was fairly tall and still well built .
tr	7	" All the cellphone towers are fried , all the cars , the power grid .
tr	11	Didn 't you know you were just going there to die ? "
tr	9	Another exchange ensued , this one lacking the vitriol of the earlier discussion .
tr	9	She felt like she had never truly known her father .
tr	10	" Did God put me here to stop us from fighting ? "
tr	10	Olsson grunted ; his knuckles whitened as he pressed down with his sword .
tr	6	Grabbing a flight bag , she pushed through a door to the tarmac .
tr	9	A bird the size of an eagle flew over his head with a bill made of the colors of the rainbow .
tr	8	She had to leave now .
tr	11	Off in the distance they heard a bang and started thinking about guns and hunting and deer and pheasant .
tr	8	" You were always too soft , " The Falcon said as he watched the display .
tr	7	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental and not intended by the author .
tr	8	I prefer black robes , as befitting my office . "
tr	7	Stumbling in with a momentarily drunken step , a middle-aged man with oddly pale skin approaches the counter .
tr	10	" You had to bring that up , didn 't you ? "
tr	9	Trying to kill yourself ? "
tr	6	" It 's well past time , " he said .
tr	5	To the question , though , Mirai only shook her head .
tr	7	Without even so much as a thought he turned the ignition and pushed the starter button .
tr	10	The boys looked at one another and shrugged , not knowing where to begin .
tr	9	He looked at it closely then looked at it again .
tr	10	The sound of the cold steel scraping and banging was getting closer but still they could not see anything .
tr	8	" The design was solid , it just needed time and money to be proven and developed .
tr	7	Professor Bamford heard the Chancellor murmur something about a collapse ; yes young Jack Tarleton .
tr	8	Whoa ... My head felt light for a moment ... Maybe I should calm down .
tr	6	He still taught English in a Junior High School as an assistant language teacher .
tr	6	How could you even miss ' im ? "
tr	5	Oh , yeah , he noticed me all right .
tr	10	Together we will also walk the hidden ways to join them in this fight . "
tr	11	He ran through the cornfield and could see the figure as it went into the woods .
tr	5	" Have we used this docking port before ? "
tr	6	Sofie sipped her tea , the corners of her mouth turned up in a devious smile .
tr	6	Maybe one day , one day soon , I will meet Lilly again .
tr	10	I think it makes you look smarter . "
tr	6	Like a mystical mirror , the lake stretched out flat to the horizon .
tr	5	" Great idea , " Simon said enthusiastically .
tr	9	Let 's just enjoy the challenging contest we have now . "
tr	7	" He shot them , " she said , dropping the curtain .
tr	10	Clearly , he needed to develop his skills of telepathy .
tr	8	These mounds created evenly spaced protective oasis in the barren expanse of the hillside where Mariposa climbed .
tr	7	" Peter , why don 't we sit for a while , over here looks like a good spot . "
tr	6	" Gabe , Lillian , meet Photon , Rainbow , Daybreak , Dawn , and Beacon . "
tr	11	I didn 't think he 'd ever make it through , but he started chasing after me .
tr	6	Clint sat back , his mouth half open and then said , " Pass . "
tr	6	" Mail doesn 't exactly run , so that 's out .
tr	6	In a soft voice , Leah repeated , " Until the sun falls from the sky . "
tr	8	Gan cupped his hands behind his ears , thought he detected movement .
tr	8	Jolie and Malcolm were thick as thieves , evil twin brothers .
tr	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	7	" That comes to 180 panels , " said VIN doing the numbers .
tr	6	Or maybe these men are your lovers , and you 're their blushing bride . "
tr	6	Enjoy a tale from a fictional reality much like our own , with somewhat subtle differences .
tr	10	His clothing completed the somber appearance : robes dyed midnight black after the color of his office .
tr	10	Would you like me to open a channel for you , XO ? "
tr	8	Maybe , she hoped , Simon was now getting the lecture and question treatment from Mr. Cantwell .
tr	10	The words felt absurd coming out of her mouth but she forced a smile to accompany them .
tr	7	Fallen grapes fermenting in the sun gave off the essence of sweet red wine .
tr	8	He then stood up and opened the door allowing the two guards back in .
tr	11	' You 've got ta wonder -- ' ' Hang on , ' Raphael said .
tr	11	Let me know if anybody bothers you . "
tr	9	Respond by coming to me .
tr	8	You won 't stand out as much that way . "
tr	10	" Oh , crap , " Mark said as the grenade bounced and rolled across the floor , back toward him .
tr	7	Or so they were told .
tr	7	Hot shrapnel and burning fragments shot out from the wreckage and rained down from the sky .
tr	10	" Didn 't that guy look familiar to you ? "
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " I say .
tr	6	" Sarah , I need your opinion , " she said .
tr	7	On the near side of the fire were the soldiers ' skittish horses , tied to a tree stump .
tr	7	The words blurred on the page , not making any sense .
tr	9	Or , she might have been looking at Billy .
tr	6	And on and on it went , with Eva crying and Kincaid murmuring platitudes into her ear .
tr	9	Connor could see an older gentleman with a bristly mustache dancing with Maria .
tr	10	He quit laughing in favor of cursing .
tr	9	Outside it was as dark as night , yet she knew her workday had begun .
tr	8	" Yeah , were all healed up , the Mohawk and I both got a few scars . "
tr	8	Would you like to own a slave ?
tr	6	Now , on to his babies .
tr	11	I already know who I 'm going to ask .
tr	9	Mark tried to get up , but the debris covering his chest and legs wouldn 't budge .
tr	8	I saw the fury raging in his eyes .
tr	10	A high tech lift had been sunk into one of the highest peaks .
tr	11	Had I forgotten to lock it properly when I left ?
tr	11	At first he 'd thought she was out of her mind but eventually he had come around .
tr	8	They were on their own and all they had was on their backs .
tr	8	Strangers were a suspicious breed these days and best avoided if possible .
tr	8	He placed the guns on the floor and dug around in the bag again , straining against his seat belt .
tr	7	The Empty Handed : Some Truths Remain Unspoken " Are you okay ? "
tr	10	She thinks the song Joanna is about her by the way .
tr	6	" Sorry Beppe , I forgot about your history with . "
tr	8	Can 't be any worse than the others . "
tr	6	Mad Rogan raised his arms , his elbows bent , his hands wide open , his eyes closed .
tr	6	Well , my aunt always said , ' never trust a man bearing fish . ' "
tr	10	We had just entered the shadows when the sound of gunshots erupted behind us once more .
tr	9	Immediately , she slumped to the ground , then rolled over on top of Trae .
tr	11	Haven 't people heard there 's laws against drinking and driving ?
tr	11	I 'm optimistic he 'll pull out of this . "
tr	9	" I see you are a fire caster , Maile .
tr	7	" Sorry , Mommy ... " After a few moments had passed , Veronica suddenly spoke .
tr	6	The central third of the floor projected from the steep grey slate roofs to either side north and south .
tr	9	The Trojans have powered down , and energy is being redirected to all main systems . "
tr	9	Anne seemed to be in shock .
tr	5	Instead , on the face , in elegant , flowing script , was a single word .
tr	10	" What 's that going to be for a ten second fuse ?
tr	6	We will all be here tomorrow . "
tr	5	Not a big old steel helmet , just your standard issue baseball hat . "
tr	7	I taught him for six years , you know . "
tr	7	You met in a restaurant , at night , ' I explained .
tr	9	My bodyguard knows all about these sorts of tricks .
tr	10	He twists under me , gasping for breath and throwing a protective arm over his ribs .
tr	7	" I gathered up my manuscripts and climbed aboard a train .
tr	9	They were not going to get away .
tr	7	He stabbed this sharp , small carving knife into her leg and moved it a little .
tr	7	Miriam giggled again and hurriedly coughed into her napkin .
tr	6	Zook suddenly looked very uncomfortable , " Well ... I really don 't ... ah . "
tr	11	Because everyone believes they 're a good driver and everyone else isn 't .
tr	9	" When was the last time you saw your folks ? "
tr	5	Nothing garish , not like those bright parrot tulips you got the other day .
tr	8	I used to be idealistic , like you .
tr	8	I tilt my head back and catch falling raindrops in my mouth .
tr	6	" Indeed , James , " said a female voice suddenly to my right , startling me .
tr	10	With more Muslims coming to Bolivia for business or study , some Bolivians were converting to Islam .
tr	7	We 're the only ones in the launch site during the night shift .
tr	9	Ward expected him to walk away , his familiarity fading with the exit .
tr	8	" Nice to see you too . "
tr	5	' Hello , ' said Sarah plainly and not Janey tenderly .
tr	11	If Beau remembered correctly , those monsters burned something like 30 gallons of fuel per hour simply idling .
tr	8	" Fine , fine , " the boy assures , waving a dismissive hand , and removing the necklace .
tr	9	I was just looking at it with the handle in my hand .
tr	8	What if I were found out ?
tr	7	" I 'm gone of course , often , for my work . "
tr	7	I 'd do anything for a friend . "
tr	8	What sort of man kills a woman ?
tr	7	He is leaning back on his elbows .
tr	11	" I know you will look after her , and once she is sold , we can move .
tr	5	so there is a connection . "
tr	6	" Perhaps , " he said , " we should discuss our arrangements , then . "
tr	8	In a matter of seconds , she and everyone on this ship could be blasted out into the unforgiving darkness .
tr	8	Alita 's body was perfectly horizontal as her face turned red , purple then blue .
tr	8	" Oh , hold on , could you back up a little bit . "
tr	5	Then , for some damn reason , my goofball sister actually smiled .
tr	10	Claire considered the opportunity to escape and leave Josh and their jamming session behind .
tr	10	He shivered at the thought and hurried to take his place in line .
tr	9	Mama wondered for a long time -- what sort of teacher this could be ?
tr	11	" I wish I could have stopped him in some other way . "
tr	9	You can settle your nerves before telephoning your sister .
tr	9	He could see the two shapes sitting at the kitchen table .
tr	9	" I know , " said Harry , " not worth making a thing about it though .
tr	7	The door to the carriage opened again , and the guard thrust his head in .
tr	6	Scott looked from the bear to the little girl and back .
tr	9	He looked up and caught the glitter of the blade , and the flash of rubies and emeralds .
tr	8	I 'd never thought about it that way .
tr	8	We would have told you about the other cave entrance ! "
tr	10	Emily was hesitant to ask why .
tr	7	Pulling out of the laneway he suddenly stopped .
tr	7	It wouldn 't have been proper .
tr	6	" Don 't know , actually , " said Colin , and poured himself some more coffee from the silver pitcher .
tr	7	The Falcon laughed , drawing out his sword .
tr	10	You may have to fight your way there but be prepared for that eventuality .
tr	11	A feud that was unlikely to end any time soon .
tr	7	" No , no , keep going , " Gabe says , but I shake my head .
tr	9	She had zipped off the lower leg parts of her Khaki pants and her jacket was thrown over a bush .
tr	8	" Sounds like a bad case of good peyote to me , " Taylor laughed .
tr	9	" What a bunch of complete goons , " Riki remarked .
tr	9	Me , I like to know about why .
tr	9	The Coast Guard station was almost in view as the diesel again started missing and died .
tr	7	His voice dropped lower and he nudged me with his elbow .
tr	6	Every fall she had suffered , every pleasurable stroke , every agony , every sting , every illness .
tr	11	I also have family in there that will vouch for me . "
tr	7	Just then the tiger scrambles in one direction , but changes its mind and runs parallel to the water .
tr	9	Is that why you wanted to stay ? "
tr	7	" Well , I did , " confessed Captain Avery , " You all saw me right ? "
tr	10	" Surely you can find a way to skim off the current profits ?
tr	8	The man nodded and motioned for the Prince to follow .
tr	7	Realizing it now , she stopped Dan and stood up in her stirrups .
tr	8	" Otherwise , I 'd be working with my father and mother at the docks . "
tr	9	" We 'll wait for it to leave .
tr	8	I 'll take Hawthorne now and deal with the others later .
tr	9	" You tell me , " Julie said , grabbing Sarah 's hand and smiling with relief through her tears .
tr	7	No one down here gives a damn about those days any more .
tr	6	" I kind of landed the wrong way and broke it . "
tr	7	Sweat streamed from his damp hair , ran down his face and soaked into his thick , black beard .
tr	6	" No but your thoughts and words are one and the same here .
tr	10	Because you decided to hire me on .
tr	6	Gabe 's voice carries to my sensitive ears .
tr	10	Dennis asked if she had ever been to Florida .
tr	8	" Very well , " he said , turning to a Grenadier standing behind him .
tr	8	He hooked the toe of his sneaker under its armpit and rolled it over .
tr	7	Someone had made the bed and cleaned up , probably his mother , maybe Mike .
tr	8	Believe me , if I could 've run , I would 've run . "
tr	8	She smiled , wiping tears from her face .
tr	7	She trickled a generous dollop into her bath and abandoned herself to sheer enjoyment .
tr	6	" In fact , you 're the only passengers this far back .
tr	11	I hope you don 't mind me asking , but why are you here ?
tr	10	Did any of them survive ? "
tr	6	' Oh , well , that 's a small mercy , anyway , ' said Miss Level , sagging back .
tr	10	He grit his teeth and refused the rum and laudanum I offered him .
tr	7	And if it is hungry , it will spread past the wall .
tr	5	Like Bradley , Megan woke up very late that morning .
tr	8	John and his team had not experienced any hitches in the operation at the Crown Court building .
tr	7	It 's been years , but he hasn 't gotten better .
tr	11	There 's no way life could have started this way !
tr	9	Did that mean Malcolm might have died ?
tr	8	He hides because , well , because he 's embarrassed .
tr	10	" Jolie figured out he was friends with your mom and nabbed him for insurance . "
tr	8	Do what I 've suggested .
tr	8	Without a word , he backhanded her , driving her backwards into the dirt .
tr	7	" Yes , I 'm a bit stiff and sore , but overall not too bad .
tr	7	Don 't be afraid ; you are not alone , my child -- you never were .
tr	8	Abby moved a little , sleeping like an angel .
tr	9	She took everything with her head held high , a true lady to the bone .
tr	10	" Yeah , woke up before dawn and couldn 't get back to sleep , " Andy replied .
tr	6	The front right tire of the SUV blew out .
tr	9	" I appreciate your tact and not wanting to humiliate us , but we should talk straight here .
tr	6	The front window was shattered and packed , blood-soaked snow protruded inward .
tr	10	" Yet now we have the added pleasure of trawling through the mud . "
tr	5	I study those elf eyes .
tr	10	I say it quieter than intended .
tr	6	" Well , it 's a long story , " answered Ivan .
tr	6	I 'd said yes to Taylor the first time , and the second , even the tenth and eleventh .
tr	9	This form of bullying and private company closures has been getting worse since the first Desert Storm operation .
tr	7	Weary travelers just wanting somewhere to stay .
tr	7	He led them at a run to the front door and he flung it open .
tr	10	Footsteps approached down the corridor , accompanied by a deep voice murmuring dire consequences .
tr	9	Forced to face him , Claire saw his hand held out in greeting .
tr	11	I slumped to the porch , frustrated that she was right .
tr	8	" Reggie , we 've only got a few minutes left .
tr	8	" I ... I sent you the basket , " he said quietly and gave her a rose .
tr	9	Lance pulled out a pen and looked down at the list in his hands .
tr	9	" I thought they 'd be ready this week .
tr	5	Branches from its neighbors wave at her in the wind .
tr	5	' Cowl flaps and return valves to ' Locked ' position . '
tr	6	The Prince and a young magical woman -- not a common sight of the day .
tr	7	Android was driven behind cover .
tr	7	Forty-seven Malcolm didn 't answer me but sat with his arms resting on his knees .
tr	9	His voice was deep and scratchy and brought fear into the eyes of the formerly perpetually happy child .
tr	9	He walked toward the ugly fence and stared beyond it , toward the trench and the almost fully excavated wreck .
tr	8	" I 'm gon na win .
tr	7	Nature 's answer to this quest was the development of humankind .
tr	10	Mark tugged at the straps , trying to tighten it .
tr	8	We 're getting it directly from the JP by their regular radio broadcasts , " explained Harold .
tr	6	Along the shoreline a slick of diesel oil moved out into the river .
tr	7	" Of all the -- " Words failed her .
tr	9	They did not get a hero 's welcome .
tr	10	Other benefits will be specified later , after consultation with Lucifer .
tr	11	Anyhow , I think you may have a story of your own . "
tr	8	" Please stay with us for as long as you require . "
tr	8	You talked positively , didn 't mention your own money worries ; then you ended the call . '
tr	6	Left and right we passed walkers , animals , and carts .
tr	7	" Seriously , he hasn 't tugged on the rope ? "
tr	6	The raised hood of her cloak presently shrouded darting eyes alight with excitement .
tr	5	" What the hell are you talking about ? "
tr	9	" Okay , " Rift agrees , feeling a little more confident .
tr	11	Alejo knew Gabriel understood who he was talking about .
tr	6	Many were relatives or friends and they were past resistance .
tr	10	He was in front of them , in the direction they were traveling .
tr	7	" And where might the three of you be off to ? "
tr	7	" You want them to come ? "
tr	11	As he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , irrationally trying to reattach it to the bone .
tr	6	" Hey , there , " Tiago drew out the greeting with a sly smile .
tr	9	His battalion was attacked by White Wolves and he was the only smart one ; he ran away .
tr	11	They swiftly depart the tavern which was left in a great mess .
tr	7	" Naturally , " Wilbur agreed and looked tensely at Lilly Ann .
tr	11	Grace said , ' Everything 's getting going now isn 't it ? '
tr	11	" We had to get into this guy 's home , " Gabe continues .
tr	10	That should convince him that you are there on my behalf .
tr	9	I had no business doin ' what I did , makin ' some a them decisions on me own .
tr	7	Scott went to the transceiver and picked up the microphone .
tr	11	' Do you know who wrote this ? '
tr	9	He 'll know what to do .
tr	11	" I take it you haven 't been over to the quarry then ? "
tr	7	I grab her in my arms but she was still shaking and calling me .
tr	8	" While Miriam is learning her poetry this afternoon , I 'll arrange the move . "
tr	6	He was untouched , but once again all his friends were dead .
tr	10	JD held his hand up indicating to his men not to take any action .
tr	7	His mind tried to whirl into action but he shut it down .
tr	8	" Stay here , " she said , the fear bubbling out of her with every word .
tr	8	He kicked at my legs but I moved and spotted a roundhouse sneakily following his kick .
tr	9	Now that you know the truth , I would ask you to not tell Laurence . "
tr	6	Turning , he looked back out to sea .
tr	6	Most people made a mass exit toward the main streets .
tr	9	Meet you downstairs in a bit ! "
tr	5	With dominant posture his clothes flattered his impressive physique .
tr	5	Without a sound , the three entered the earthen chamber .
tr	10	Chris didn 't believe her because , for one thing , she didn 't cross her heart .
tr	11	" In that case , when is the next flight to Europe , preferably Italy ? "
tr	9	Will they never find peace , with none to sing the songs for them ?
tr	5	Like Austin Michaels , he 's my best friend .
tr	6	* " We 're an item ! "
tr	9	asked the bartender with a smile a minute later as he handed over a large milkshake glass to VIN .
tr	10	" Nevertheless you will find that it is true ; my only wish is to bring comfort to Adele . "
tr	10	I followed the one lit with candles and shoved the flashlight into my backpack for later .
tr	7	Neil ate another mouthful before he replied .
tr	7	The smell of blood and the protruding flap of skin sent my stomach into upheaval .
tr	11	So , too , had the crowd dwindled ; Brand assumed that most were inside huddling by the fire .
tr	7	At least a period , but Abby ... " " Yeah ? "
tr	11	We all do what we can to survive and I have no regrets . "
tr	10	He figured he had gauged the boy 's age about right .
tr	7	Gabe looks up from his map and shrugs .
tr	9	Because he needed to think .
tr	8	She hated to disappoint him .
tr	11	Giving it up , Simon weakly fell into the chair from which he had snatched the dressing gown and looked around .
tr	8	Without Him , we are lost , petty , selfish , and broken .
tr	9	With a faint degree of remorse for the misguided thief , Link leaves her where she lies just the same .
tr	10	What will happen to your intellectual capacity in heaven ?
tr	8	I felt damned scared , but buried my fears and concentrated on my job .
tr	9	At first , John and I would drag them away from the flock and just let the snow cover them up .
tr	9	She never expect that Tristan would do that .
tr	10	The boy looked away then picked up a bowl of soup and motioned to Andy to do the same .
tr	6	" At the Ogden Grove picnic , me and my Lizzie were honored guests , " Kunze said .
tr	10	" The tents have been reconstructed on the other side of the camp , joining our camp with Rand 's .
tr	10	As long as there is a breath in his lungs , he will not be stopped .
tr	11	" Are we going to need anything else ?
tr	6	Recognizing the New York Times reporter , the President waited for the question .
tr	10	It 's a dilemma that can tear a man apart . "
tr	9	To their surprise he let out a hearty laugh as his eyes began to water .
tr	9	Catching it , he pulled it toward him and saw other officers waiting with other ropes .
tr	7	Within a couple of miles , the Arabs turned off into a narrow defile .
tr	11	" About there being three clans with three families at the top of each ? "
tr	6	The electricity now disrupted , the Hussar slowly got back to their feet .
tr	8	He returned to his reason for searching Rafe out .
tr	7	I hesitated and studied the numbers on the elevator control panel .
tr	6	In reality , however , he retained his autocratic power over the Republic as a military dictator .
tr	7	Next , the two of you 'll be -- " " Oh come off it .
tr	9	Launching myself forward , I tried to pull them off my son .
tr	6	" She wasn 't like normal moms .
tr	6	said Baby Julian happily , as Dreamer fed him some delicious spicy and cheesy mashed potato .
tr	9	Was I done speaking ? "
tr	10	The town stirred about me , and I was required to greet several passersby .
tr	6	Gabe turns his head in my direction .
tr	11	So the coach had told him to try not to score so much .
tr	9	" Don 't tell me you 're pregnant . "
tr	6	" Raoul , Raoul , " she cried , " get this horrid man out of my sight ! "
tr	8	They stopped for perhaps half a turn at midday for a short meal .
tr	5	Not just any shell , of course , but a really rare , valuable one .
tr	9	" To be honest sir , I have so many questions I don 't even know where to start . "
tr	8	Reid dropped to his heels a short distance away , in the lee of a white van .
tr	10	' I 'm afraid it does matter a great deal .
tr	8	Teams of soldiers started working up and down the streets , looking for the pair .
tr	8	" Why don 't you tell me about it , " the older man suggested .
tr	11	" We 'll leave once we 've caught our breath , " the big man said to her .
tr	10	It made her want to cry .
tr	8	The bikers stopped a dozen feet from the edge of the burnt wreckage .
tr	9	I didn 't want to go back .
tr	10	Simon appeared to recall where he was .
tr	9	" Is that any way to treat a lady ? "
tr	7	" It 's a small settlement , no more than three or four buildings " .
tr	6	" No time to waste , " Lance whispers to himself ominously .
tr	5	" I-I 'm not looking ! "
tr	11	I had to strain to hear him .
tr	10	Look what had happened to him .
tr	7	In a manner of speaking . "
tr	9	I was ready to spy -- I mean train a spy .
tr	8	" I 'm sorry but we weren 't really on a last name basis . "
tr	11	" I 'm sorry , but remember who we 're talking about here .
tr	6	I look forward to our coffee date ! "
tr	7	With everyone shouting different things he almost used a full pad before the imagery settled .
tr	11	Men had died charging down river banks as steep as this one .
tr	5	And yet , on the inside , he was completely different .
tr	7	The Death Dealers and some of the Highlanders were fighting their way through the warehouse .
tr	11	Was it nervousness or was it excitement they now felt ?
tr	8	He took it over to the children and bent down , hiding the treat behind his back .
tr	11	I threw myself at him punching anything I could .
tr	8	" Now that we 're sisters , can I ask you a question ? "
tr	7	" Thank you , " she told him honestly , searching his face .
tr	9	But he found a secret pleasure in the fact that this woman had done so .
tr	9	Tobin was folding her into an embrace against his bony shoulders .
tr	9	After getting used to the interesting taste , he enjoyed the tiny black things .
tr	8	Blink an eye , she rolled , blink again , she flew , just like that .
tr	8	His face betrayed nothing of his thoughts yet Rafe 's reflected his thoughts and feelings clearly .
tr	6	" Gladly , Captain , " Jeff replied , " Good night . "
tr	6	Help me , somebody , Neil said to the stars .
tr	11	The nurse apologized in Ukrainian to Connor multiple times before he gave up communicating with her .
tr	10	Jacob said " He 's a part of the Faith , isn 't he ?
tr	7	His slide on the pavement had ground gravel and bits of broken glass deep in his palm .
tr	11	Do you think they remember Abraham ? "
tr	9	Nothing was going to heal me .
tr	8	" Mr. Gray , I have one of our scientists from Mauna Kea on the line .
tr	9	Andy saw what was going on .
tr	7	" Get hold of yourself . "
tr	7	Without waiting a moment , the priest tossed him the sword and drew another small blade .
tr	9	" Please call me if you think of anything , night or day . "
tr	6	He hung up without another word .
tr	8	Lance suddenly snaps his tail and fires three spawn directly into Warriors face .
tr	8	A ghost to tell his address , where he lived .
tr	7	At the last second , the horrific memory from my past flashed back into me , stopping my urges completely .
tr	9	We 'd like very much to lead the movement back in . "
tr	9	You know you cannot withstand me .
tr	7	Spent the night on the beach , I think .
tr	9	I know the police will want this .
tr	11	" I 'm a little unnerved when I 'm around 007 , " said Victoria .
tr	9	Valerian reeled backward , shaking and clawing the stinging liquid out of his eyes .
tr	9	His fingers tap the sides of the bottle between his hands .
tr	8	" To you and your family maybe , " he said .
tr	11	In the distance they could see the Nanaimo harbor looking like it took a rampant beating .
tr	11	He moved first to see if Clancy was still asleep .
tr	10	These others were universally dirty , unkempt and fearfully nervous almost to the point of craziness .
tr	9	The kids would put trash , dishes , food or anything else in it and watch it gradually disappear .
tr	10	John responded , pretending that he was really hungry .
tr	5	Like all children , Michael loved his parents very much .
tr	8	We stare past each other at odd angles of the room .
tr	6	I played with the battery connections with no results .
tr	8	Their coordination with the JP forces to the north was limited at best .
tr	7	He rose to his full height , towering over her .
tr	7	Carefully , she approached the horse and slipped the halter over his head .
tr	9	Five small steps rewarded the climber with a spectacular view over the river and the rocky shore on the other side .
tr	6	In a hurried croak , I say , " Sir , I must warn -- " " Silence , bot . "
tr	8	It had filled out , swollen with the men 's and dogs ' life-force .
tr	5	Burning the midnight oil here as well . "
tr	9	Why on earth did they need a steam roller I thought ?
tr	6	His voice a forced whisper , Logan murmured into my ear .
tr	6	At his feet , the various dusts , sands , and glitters mixed together in the faint breeze .
tr	11	Do you know what a Cloak is ? "
tr	7	A shadow moved on his right , but Rylan didn 't look up .
tr	8	" Death is meaningless to me , I will be reborn .
tr	11	Instantly , the soldier 's skull exploded , covering Corporal Fletcher 's face with blood , bits of brain and bone .
tr	6	" So my son has a girlfriend , and now a baby .
tr	10	He figured he could last a few minutes at best .
tr	9	He paused to let the crew 's laughter pass before continuing .
tr	9	Dear little sis could have latched onto you and killed you .
tr	5	Then Mom got sick . "
tr	6	And with that , the Angel abruptly turned the starship in the opposite direction .
tr	10	' Still , I fear you have made a grave mistake , ' said Godard .
tr	8	The smile she gave him alighted her blue eyes .
tr	9	His head beginning to ache , the concepts of sovereignty and loyalty remain just outside of his realm of comprehension .
tr	9	I 've walked for hours and climbed a hill , small though it was .
tr	11	He crept up the alley that ran along the side of the theater .
tr	9	The photo was of a group of civil war doctors standing over a patient after a recent amputation .
tr	11	" Never mind , just trying to distract you . "
tr	10	Sofia was mesmerized by the beauty the castle possessed .
tr	9	Then I used the diner 's toilets to freshen up .
tr	5	Chapter 10 Bruneau , Idaho " Now hit this switch .
tr	6	" Either a hermit or a monk , not both , " I corrected out of habit .
tr	8	Rocking back on his haunches , Mason quickly broke down the rifle , placing each piece into its designated foam slot .
tr	11	She also worried about what had become of Cage .
tr	6	Half a dozen bodies , twisted , piled , broken , lay there in a pile .
tr	6	" My daughter can bake a mean birthday cake .
tr	10	He splashed to catch up with Frank and the Pastor .
tr	6	In the 1920 's , a Tibetan priest stumbled badly upon a rocky path .
tr	9	" Well , I guess you made your point then , " Ted called back up the stairs .
tr	9	I 'm not sure where to begin exactly . "
tr	7	" You can 't just shoot us , " he said .
tr	8	" I meant you 're unique .
tr	6	" Just the one , so don 't blow this one up . "
tr	8	Very soon the crowd became noisier and more excited : one of Caesar 's consuls had appeared .
tr	8	I 'll take her back with me , we can tuck her up in her bed .
tr	5	" no , gracious goodness , they are not .
tr	6	Their attitude was casual , though habitually alert .
tr	6	The liquid in the vials turned the right colour too , with layered yellows and oranges .
tr	8	One mile to target , 9,000 feet , 370 knots , you need air brakes . "
tr	9	Once short-listed , candidates are directly assessed in one of two ways .
tr	6	" Where the hell have you been Sticky ? "
tr	11	But it felt like someone had taken a fork to our sweet glaze and smashed it into crumbs .
tr	8	Fed off them till they were almost dead , then brought them back , that kind of thing .
tr	5	" I ... uh ... I have no clue . "
tr	9	Not long afterwards , the vibrations from the suspensions suddenly increased : we had left a main road .
tr	9	I would love to hear more . "
tr	9	Try to think of sleep .
tr	6	" Commander , in your rashness , you forgot about one thing . "
tr	8	Something fluttered out of the Arabic Bible pages , swishing to the nylon tent floor .
tr	5	" And what would that be ? "
tr	8	' You didn 't call , ' the Purple Python girlfriend whose name he couldn 't remember said .
tr	9	The article said that her body was never recovered .
tr	7	She stood there for a few moments looking into his bright blue eyes , with his strong arms around her waist .
tr	6	A short little ride in the sunshine , a nice easy fight , and then home before winter ?
tr	6	He said gravely , arms crossed across his bare chest .
tr	8	This thought gave me the strength I needed .
tr	11	He seemed to grow agitated as he spoke .
tr	9	" How did you manage to come back ? "
tr	9	It was one of the perks of rank .
tr	8	Josie continued to shoot - five more times , before her pistol was empty .
tr	9	" Very well , " she whispered and let go of his arm , although she stayed close to him .
tr	7	At the bottom of an unburied grave was a hole six feet deep .
tr	5	Then their leader and the other blond male - " " Carlisle and Jasper . "
tr	7	" The Vampire struck , Merri Li ducked and Yang removed the assassin 's head with a sword . "
tr	10	I learned we must protect our right to our own ways . "
tr	7	' By the sounds of things , Roman and Victor have overstayed their welcome .
tr	6	Two dragged my dad away toward the exit .
tr	11	He described what he saw , then , " It was the shock .
tr	6	Fed up with the hot ravine , he quickly paced through the curves and switchbacks .
tr	8	One weekend he saw an advertisement for bright red women 's underwear in one of his computer magazines .
tr	7	An attack could come any day now and the regiment wasn 't ready .
tr	7	" It must be nearly three years now .
tr	8	" He would have snapped you like a twig . "
tr	6	His soft snores a sure sign of deep sleep .
tr	5	" You start , " Malcolm said .
tr	7	Come on , son , get up and take a shower ; it 's already ten . "
tr	11	They eventually made their way over to his table as Nathan stood to greet them .
tr	7	I lurch forward on my shaky legs and stumble toward the door .
tr	7	" Without good evidence how do we know someone 's innocence or guilt ?
tr	9	The dragon 's flame sputtered out as its eyes rolled up in its head .
tr	8	However , ' Kevin Callahan ' had had to disappear .
tr	9	The doctor turned toward the reddening face of the younger , pretty nurse and smiled .
tr	11	I thought it would help with Sye 's fear .
tr	6	She pauses , then says , " Our tiger 's name was Sam . "
tr	8	One cup sat steaming on the low coffee table .
tr	8	I perused through the pages of a novel whose title I can 't remember .
tr	8	Brazen reached down under the table and brought back up a bottle and two glasses .
tr	10	To end up ... to end up ... " Sarah touched her hand again .
tr	7	He rode towards the radio station on the ancient three-speed bike he resurrected from the garage .
tr	9	If you had remained with me , the Hunters would undoubtedly have found you again .
tr	8	' We 've only just found you , ' she murmured .
tr	10	I knew something had to give .
tr	10	I 'm sorry I 've hurt you .
tr	11	Drake tried to recover and take back control of the situation .
tr	9	What they had felt special .
tr	8	In the passenger side mirror , I see Gabe roll his eyes .
tr	6	Maybe they were bothering Missy .
tr	9	She folded the letter and tucked it inside her Joy of Cooking cookbook .
tr	10	But since you 're doing a great job destroying my image , please continue .
tr	10	Moving faster than Chris had ever seen him , his lawyer stepped in front of him .
tr	6	Have fun , don 't work all day .
tr	6	" You sure about that ? "
tr	9	Or what 's left of it .
tr	8	Ishmael Khan wandered off towards a more shaded part of the garden .
tr	7	Instead she dropped to her knees and gave the narrow shoulders a tight hug .
tr	6	" Don 't ever do that again . "
tr	9	Just as I slid the doors shut , they waltzed into the room .
tr	10	Wolf Eyes ' hands were on the wolf , trying to control the uncontrollable .
tr	11	Their play involved much argument , and Neil silently blessed the one who had suggested it .
tr	6	" Provided , of course , they get there and the whole place isn 't already a bloodbath . "
tr	10	He felt tears stinging his eyes as he lowered his arms .
tr	8	" Miss Cantwell tells me that you gave her grave offence today ! "
tr	5	As the Cold Room clarified , my intended scream became a startled yelp .
tr	8	I said , " Sam I 'm going alone . "
tr	8	It is very important for him to find just the right word .
tr	10	He rose and moved to stand by the grand window .
tr	11	The effect was much better than he could have ever hoped for .
tr	7	" You know where the Green House is ? "
tr	8	" When we stopped seeing her . "
tr	7	It was a dance of death .
tr	7	But you 'll find out one way or the other before long .
tr	10	No other Lizards lived in the area , which was not a good sign .
tr	9	There 's less windows your side , easier for you to take him .
tr	7	If it 's our brothers we can scare the crap out of them .
tr	11	I just pray that you do not get punished too severely over it . "
tr	11	" Its purpose was to protect the user from harmful chemicals in the air .
tr	6	Naked , a boy and girl cowered , faces and limbs dark and twisted with terror , black hair shining .
tr	8	Josie came running out , barefoot , her face white with fear .
tr	11	' Morning mate , ' Calvin said sitting in an armchair cross-legged with his bass .
tr	9	How do you think your food gets cooked ?
tr	9	" The sheer size of the complex is causing me to reevaluate now .
tr	6	" Here he is again , " she said calmly .
tr	9	Look what we did at Concepcion .
tr	6	A bright , clear , and Lord Almighty almost cheerful voice came over the radio .
tr	11	It took only seconds before the skeleton of a house settled into the ground .
tr	7	Virgil took a long swallow of coffee .
tr	10	" Try not to think about it , " Lisa suggests .
tr	10	She paused , switched the display to show a 3D image of a memory crystal , a red one .
tr	6	The rest of the crew adores you .
tr	7	" Uh oh , those clouds , " said Teddy .
tr	10	Perfect for crawling around dark bunkers and tunnels looking for people .
tr	10	Hai Hai , the first to shake off her shock , drew her swords .
tr	6	Joe gritted his teeth and then let out a long sigh .
tr	5	" Wow , she looks pretty today ! "
tr	11	I tug his hand to get him moving again .
tr	6	Some of them were soooo cute ! "
tr	10	Young Toby 's life was changing rapidly , and he was dealing with situations in a deceptively hostile environment .
tr	10	If we stay in this place one more season , I will die .
tr	6	The French detective 's gaze never wavered from my face .
tr	6	Maya enjoyed peanut butter and jelly sandwiches very much .
tr	6	In Europe , between 1520 and 1630 , some thirty thousand cases of lycanthropy had been reported .
tr	7	I 'll fetch it real quick . "
tr	7	Sixty Meter Observatory Mauna Kea , Hawaii April 28th , 2027 Corporal Farquhar tapped Mike on the shoulder .
tr	11	These black creatures would find the sneakers , or he would kill them all and find others to do the job .
tr	10	Truth , how I wish you were here !
tr	11	Dragons are hatched knowing how to speak .
tr	10	A feathered wand sat on the floor , doubtlessly used in the witch 's rituals .
tr	11	I watch his aura lose its peaks and eddies as he yields to exhaustion and drifts into a heavy sleep .
tr	8	The spies trickled in , timid at first at the large empty space and the cold cement floor .
tr	10	It only takes a few to produce what the many once did .
tr	9	" You have had counsel with him many times , have you not ? "
tr	6	admonished Joe ; his ride was a ten-year old Jeep Cherokee .
tr	9	When daylight coloured the water he saw her stir in her sleep .
tr	5	" Jon , " he barked loudly and authoritatively .
tr	9	Rift asks , oddly pragmatic despite his level of understanding .
tr	8	" That 's very easy for you to say , but you haven 't been in that situation . "
tr	6	Not even a scuffle of footsteps .
tr	7	He would not die on his back .
tr	8	" If you don 't stop right now , I 'll never tell you ! "
tr	11	Amy looked at the man who asked her , ' You satisfied ? '
tr	7	Raising the Mary Rose , King Henry the VIII 's favorite ship , had taken many years .
tr	10	Who has prepared this surprise for me !
tr	7	Someone rapped sharply on the door , startling me .
tr	11	" What do you think it is , " I asked .
tr	11	I said we would open the door for you . '
tr	9	" I will listen to you as long as you wish . "
tr	7	I swung to the left and took off down the street once more .
tr	8	David lifted out one of the machine guns and reeled off the serial number .
tr	6	" So you received it as a gift from a Prince ? "
tr	7	Bethany and the boys were looking at him with some confusion and surprise .
tr	8	The leery stranger made me feel uneasy .
tr	6	Both sisters answered at the same time .
tr	6	" Plus , there 's a dance next weekend , " Honor 's whole face lit up in expectation .
tr	8	" Here they have delicious food , trust me , " she said , looking in the menu .
tr	6	' I believe so , though not on the same ones people travel on . '
tr	9	After a moment , when the two started walking again , Chris asked the only question he had .
tr	6	" Stephanie 's visit finally changed me , " resumed Liu after a long pause .
tr	9	It was good to be home .
tr	8	Captain Ants put the palms of his hands on the doors and then stopped .
tr	7	Harald guzzled his stein , and then slammed it on the armrest .
tr	9	She 's seven years older than I am and she was away at college when the whole thing started .
tr	10	I tucked the same piece of hair behind my ears over and over because it wouldn 't stay in place .
tr	5	What could the sign mean ?
tr	8	Even after the attack on the palace , Phillip refused to change his plans .
tr	7	" In the name of Christ , I promise three things to the Christian people my subjects .
tr	7	Wry looked toward him and nodded .
tr	5	1992 , October 27 : fishing vessel Mae Doris , with 4 crew , south of Cape May .
tr	8	She tried to keep breathing .
tr	6	He wouldn 't be a hit man .
tr	7	I handed out coded clues at the Louvre and later tortured the hostage .
tr	6	His face remained clouded , and he didn 't respond .
tr	5	" I can 't , " I whispered .
tr	11	Do you need help dressing ? "
tr	10	Adele looked slightly mollified , then a frown touched her brow as she ran his words over in her mind .
tr	6	" And away we go , " she says in his head .
tr	9	He sprang up the other side , hands and feet clawing for holds .
tr	7	Two women approached , the first was older and shorter with luscious curves .
tr	9	He looked around the bar and noticed that he was the only one there .
tr	7	After a bit of time the threesome would begin their slow search around the yard .
tr	8	" We 'll come , of course , " Sarah said .
tr	11	His ferocity surprised her , and she leaned back to put some more space between them .
tr	10	She got up and walked along the street to get her blood moving .
tr	11	He was surrounded by trees with no fire tower in sight .
tr	6	Without the gel and glitter , his hair was dark and straight , halfway to his shoulders .
tr	5	Our man , with a blade , against the best you have .
tr	5	" Can you hold your position , Izzy ?
tr	8	Let be also be plain .
tr	8	" What the devil were you doing bending over me ?
tr	8	' Are you visiting for a while ? '
tr	9	And you need everyone you can get . "
tr	5	" Nora Quentin , " remarked Miss Ashley , their Biology teacher .
tr	5	" Nor I. " " Clancy is wounded .
tr	9	There were two people in black leathers on a stolen Yamaha R6 superbike .
tr	10	He was a true master with deep ties to a host of intelligence services around the world .
tr	6	But then the fifth , the sixth , and the coincidence became too great , the odds could not withstand it .
tr	8	I let go of the legs and , before my eyes , they begin to grow .
tr	7	The Seine snaked across the land , and the bridges looked like Lego pieces .
tr	11	Eventually , it all became white noise as I studied the grime on the inside of the door .
tr	8	He guided the plane into a steady climb and set the elevator trim for best climb speed .
tr	6	Deer heads , elk , zebra , gazelle , all trophy heads , birds and ducks , stuffed and hung up .
tr	10	How do you ever know it 's worth it ? "
tr	11	And then , in Him , it is the rich and the powerful that will have no hope . "
tr	10	They made me want to puke .
tr	7	He fought down a surging of panic .
tr	7	He ran downstairs and into the estate office .
tr	7	" I tied them up with their shoelaces but only pulled the laces out , leaving their shoes on . "
tr	9	Alex now has permission to control the console . "
tr	10	There would be time to rest later .
tr	7	Cantwell agreed , smiling back .
tr	10	But then the signs stopped , as though the man had vanished into thin air .
tr	8	" Forgive me , Lord Rafe , I meant not to intrude . "
tr	11	He did not know what the Adventurous told John in the morning .
tr	6	' If he did , he never told me of them . '
tr	10	The thin body of the housewife likewise changed , matching the head , and again appearing free of any injury .
tr	8	Nathan smiled and took a bite of his sandwich .
tr	7	Chapter Twenty " He should tell her the truth . "
tr	10	" That 's how it is everywhere , trust me .
tr	9	The trees were tall and thick with heavy growth far below the canopy .
tr	10	I could have been suffering under a hopeless passion all these years ! "
tr	7	He was mostly joking and a few pitchers of beer did sound like a good plan .
tr	7	Jolie 's dining area off the kitchen had morphed into a gaping hole .
tr	6	From the distance I could hear a lady cry out , " My leg ! "
tr	7	This was life in Pakistan .
tr	11	Practice was just practice and we all had something to prove to ourselves .
tr	9	Noah foraged ahead to ensure the path was safe for all of them .
tr	5	" She never told you , huh ? "
tr	9	The Angel set course for the distant past and added : " Let 's start with the sixteenth century .
tr	10	You can see it in his eyes - that 's the change you 're talking about .
tr	8	" Keep it coming Morning Breath , you 've got little girlie hands . "
tr	9	Evidently she 'd had some kind of contact with a radio , most likely CB .
tr	8	" I find you beautiful , " Brand said , " but -- " " Then have me . "
tr	9	Although they could communicate with each other , nobody spoke .
tr	6	" Why don 't we just use the necklace ? "
tr	7	And it had its effect on the monster .
tr	6	Lana and I shared the same Dad or , I should say , we shared the same sire .
tr	10	Elaina glanced over at their guest too , looking for what the gatekeeper saw .
tr	11	The other men , who 'd helped shoulder the load moments before , were brought to a standstill .
tr	11	" Do you think that voice is Scorn ? "
tr	5	' Really , that 's very rare these days ?
tr	7	Do whatever you like ! "
tr	6	The intended object of the watch is , of course , me .
tr	6	I give you , Flower , Katie , Emma and Cheryl , the Greasy Girls ! "
tr	8	Anna used your measurements from before , and we used some of the fabric from your old dress . "
tr	9	She paused to think about the next item .
tr	10	It was time to put phase two into motion .
tr	9	Nelly didn 't know , but she vowed never to touch it again .
tr	7	" What happened to your friend ?
tr	8	he continued to walk closer .
tr	10	' Really , and exactly what did Danny think ? '
tr	5	" Why not , it 's the perfect disguise . "
tr	7	" Are you flirting with the defense , Ms. Bent ? "
tr	8	Harald demanded as he knocked aside another quick cut .
tr	9	Mickey may not be big on rules but she was the most results-oriented person he knew .
tr	9	Forgive everything that hurts you .
tr	7	" Point taken , but I am the captain , therefore my rules . "
tr	7	Once inside the door , she led them under an arched portal and into a small courtyard .
tr	10	' You 've led a charming life , haven 't you ? '
tr	11	" I understand what you are trying to say .
tr	8	Finally , the red-eyed young man nodded and turned to go , then stopped and turned back .
tr	10	I know your family has been watching mine .
tr	5	Do other people fight angels ?
tr	8	She was damming off the harbor , draining it .
tr	6	Death for even the smallest relief ?
tr	11	That 's all she needed to do .
tr	5	And his lips are thin , but smooth , no cracks or dryness .
tr	8	" It will be too late for me soon , Brand , " Gunnar wheezed .
tr	6	Now , every eye in the room was on the small , stout man .
tr	9	" I 'll find out , I just have something to do first . "
tr	8	" What 's going on in here ? "
tr	5	Well , shucks , that 's too bad .
tr	10	" And I 've really gotten attached to that computer there , too .
tr	7	" OK , why are you doing this today ? "
tr	7	Can 't think about him .
tr	6	" It 's her , " said Money Fact , " Cigarette , the woman selling cigars . "
tr	9	" Well , what will I do without you ? "
tr	10	Rafe held back the flap of the tent ready for her to pass through .
tr	7	" Seen the price of these new sweaters ?
tr	10	" Unable to ... but one of the men told me he was in here . "
tr	7	The gradient grew steeper and the ground more uneven .
tr	9	More , it was disgraceful for him to accept so much attention when he wasn 't wounded .
tr	10	The frustration coursed through her until she wanted to scream .
tr	10	However to seek to harm me is to challenge King Ine .
tr	9	Well , that 's what happened to me .
tr	8	He smiled as he approached Sarah and Chris .
tr	9	The grain of the wood began to stir memories within her mind .
tr	8	These halls may be full of lurking devils .
tr	8	He said , taking my face in his hands .
tr	10	He was allowed to go alone , but he usually had to drag Billy along .
tr	7	What 's going on ? '
tr	6	" You 're welcome here , sir , " the man said , then offered the name Lars .
tr	9	He didn 't know how to feel .
tr	10	I 'll be down here making out with the rats . "
tr	10	" Now 's as good a time to give it , I guess , " he said .
tr	11	Someone who didn 't give a gods ' damn for my coin just stole something specific from me .
tr	7	Noah 's father looked shocked , and his mother burst into tears .
tr	8	" Your Majesty , " he said , his frame bowing in scornful mockery .
tr	5	" Good evening , " he said calmly .
tr	10	Mac didn 't think it was Lynn 's fault .
tr	5	Now his energy hums , smooth and quiet .
tr	6	I 'm Lars or Laurence , seat down . "
tr	11	The masses parted for the approaching bride revealing a path of pink and white rose petals leading up to the stage .
tr	7	Mr. Clancy smiled and the others were in awe .
tr	10	said Natalie lifting her legs up on to the luxuriously comfortable seat .
tr	7	The shapeshifter 's skin turned red and grew scales .
tr	9	" Did you remember I was coming this morning ? "
tr	8	Jimmy 's mobile rang on the bedside table in the small hotel just around the corner .
tr	8	Her resistance crumbled under the care and love she received .
tr	9	We had not had time to study it yet .
tr	9	The hot water drilled needles in his back as he ran through a mental checklist .
tr	8	Now the plan they had hatched seemed kind of lame .
tr	6	" Especially as boys with jug ears and spots don 't take liberties nearly so often . "
tr	6	' Yes it was exhilarating ' I said .
tr	8	The markings of the rope on her shoulder were red and swollen .
tr	10	The second tunnel made its way to a secret hatch located near the tower 's stairwell .
tr	8	As the velvet parted from the table it began revealing the glistening marvel underneath .
tr	9	" And I see you still have matches and a jug of kerosene . "
tr	11	But she loved him and he tell her that he felt the same .
tr	7	" Oh no , oh no . "
tr	7	He moved toward it , faster this time , and found a simple wooden door .
tr	8	But when she told him about it , he said , " Leave the complaining to lawyers and politicians . "
tr	7	Finn looked at her and then burst out laughing .
tr	10	" I swear I 'll never hurt you , but I can 't promise that others won 't .
tr	5	' Once A Marine , Always A Marine ? " '
tr	7	He gripped a saber tightly in one palm , and even in the reflected lamplight his eyes gleamed with attentiveness .
tr	9	Neil peered at the large rocks that they were on , and between two of them there was a large gap .
tr	11	I wonder what we are going to fly ?
tr	10	' He said he would arrange transportation for you . '
tr	10	" Warrior , we need to get to the gate and extract our people .
tr	6	He chose the place well , no one would see , no one would hear , no one would come .
tr	9	" Or she 'll bring a hundred friends to help her . "
tr	7	He 's a veteran combat engineer and grew up in north Tennessee .
tr	8	" Speed decreasing through 8,000 knots .
tr	5	" No bloody fear , " the second one responded .
tr	8	" Wait here I 'll be back . "
tr	9	Her general appearance first made him think of a model .
tr	11	" I could 've told you that from our first date , " I teased .
tr	7	They know their business , they 're a formidable lot , " he said laughing .
tr	7	Finally , when it became quieter , Roberto stumbled into their cabin , soaked , exhausted .
tr	7	Let us go , we have one to meet . "
tr	8	From the little he had heard about the man , it seemed totally out of character .
tr	8	" Here to offer some help ? "
tr	5	" Not without better landmarks , I 'm afraid . "
tr	9	We 've got to chart next week .
tr	9	It was no better on the inside than it appeared from the car .
tr	9	" But you didn 't know at what time he will arrive ? "
tr	10	Who knows where it would lead us ? "
tr	6	The purple sash around his chest identified him as a councilor .
tr	9	A small stain darkened the camouflaged material , spreading inexorably as they continued .
tr	7	With a giggle , Bethan pulled her to her feet and let her to the dorm rooms .
tr	10	" You know what to do with that .
tr	8	I brought you here and Damian Jones too , on this island on this case . "
tr	8	We 're about thirty seconds from target location ! "
tr	9	" Why do these things have to be so heavy ? "
tr	6	" The first attempt on his life was 15 years ago . "
tr	9	You were coerced to come here .
tr	7	The stranger swallowed his food , turned his head slowly , and stared at the fresh-faced teenager .
tr	10	Alex , I want you to time me ; you know when I 'm in danger . "
tr	6	The rocks were mostly white marbles , some veined with delicate reds and pinks .
tr	11	A few of the other Kindred turned to look at the two of them , wondering what was happening .
tr	6	She was bright , witty , intelligent , organized , driven , and fun loving .
tr	6	Kevin slowed down and answered Mrs. Stark first .
tr	6	Beyond it , the tunnel branched out into three corridors .
tr	9	she said suddenly , looking through the driver 's window at Simon .
tr	7	' Hopefully some of those people are Little Spirit fans now , ' Raphael said .
tr	5	You , as a former Air Force pilot , should remember .
tr	8	She wrapped her arms around his neck without any hesitation and stood in his embrace , her head on his shoulder .
tr	8	A sniper lay to each side of Joshua .
tr	9	Ted felt the warm flow of blood , with its slightly metallic taste , flooding into his mouth .
tr	10	There will be no ... how do the Americans say it ?
tr	6	She looked down the well beaten path to the rice padi by the river .
tr	6	Somewhere among the dark towers , a night wind moaned like a restless spirit .
tr	8	You could be Exiled for that ! "
tr	9	Mai excitedly retorts , eager to continue .
tr	5	" Why , information , of course , Mr Knight , " Alexander informed him .
tr	8	Only things you 've seen can be shown to you - only memories . "
tr	10	" We attempt to recycle everything , including , " he coughed , " Waste .
tr	7	" When would I complete my training and start your missions ? "
tr	11	" Who have you been talking to before I came in ? "
tr	6	" Jack Wack , " Jim said , " Don 't just stand there , excoriate ! "
tr	11	" I have the ability to sense the emotions of other people nearby .
tr	8	Nevertheless , a great deal of wonderful energy had been expended for nothing .
tr	7	Finan 's pale eyes met those of his friends .
tr	10	He looked up expectantly at the older man standing in the back of the wagon .
tr	10	Some even tried to blame Beau and save Anderson the disgrace , but Anderson refused to let that happen .
tr	8	There 's no point hiding the story from you . "
tr	7	Then Kurt turned to the executioner and continued .
tr	5	Too much food , too much drink , and too much drama . "
tr	8	Scattered all around the chopper , on the ground , were chunks of aluminum and carbon fiber .
tr	10	Seriously , that 's about all I 'll be good for .
tr	6	Callie pointed up at the sky .
tr	7	" Sure 'n we make a grand entrance , don 't we ladies ?
tr	7	Some sixty Hunters lined the edge of the clearing .
tr	10	I 'm going to wear green and gold with matching earrings . "
tr	11	" I tried to tell the brethren about my visions , that you needed help .
tr	8	I will do as you wish , Mother . "
tr	11	he laughed , as all turned to see him .
tr	8	I had to tell Minister Drake first .
tr	11	" I see that Raven was right about you , " he said appreciatively .
tr	10	" I can , and I 'm going to help you . "
tr	5	" No , no I 'm not , " she said darkly .
tr	8	I asked him , drinking from the wine .
tr	8	The time we recognize when Yang and Merri Li killed a hundred Vampires . "
tr	9	" Well , after they ate the dinosaurs they deposited them . "
tr	6	Out on the plain itself , however , the watch fires twinkled in profusion like small orange stars .
tr	6	" You mean ... " The captain 's eyes widened .
tr	5	" Sir Miles , she is not our enemy here . "
tr	7	The floor trembled under our feet , and equipment around the room shuddered .
tr	11	" You can 't hide up here forever , regardless of what you 'd like to do .
tr	8	I can 't go with you ; I can never go back there .
tr	8	I just had to swim up the pipe .
tr	10	As he passed he banked left to head west and make his way to the next peak .
tr	9	People like that tend to ... " His voice trailed off as he spread his hands .
tr	6	Open it , would you ? "
tr	9	After the sorrow for my fake death quiets down , he 'll start changing things , you mark my words .
tr	6	Just past the inn 's stable was an alley , and beyond that a smithy .
tr	10	The door opened partially , and Meeks told another man that they were ready and the door closed again .
tr	10	This is a trap we set up away from the front line .
tr	10	Chris was named after his grandfather , but was too polite to mention it .
tr	11	I couldn 't blame them after the poverty we 'd noticed .
tr	8	And immediately the screen came to life manically scribbling one text after another .
tr	11	He demands , enjoying the power too much to be distracted .
tr	8	Camden decided to ask as well .
tr	7	Connor helped her down to the ledge and then they jumped to the walkway below .
tr	9	It was like stepping inside a tomb .
tr	11	After that , it 's training that makes the difference ... Take care of that mother of yours .
tr	9	I 'd gotten the information I needed .
tr	8	This vessel was found on PARK SERVICE property , and is therefore the property of the PARK SERVICE . "
tr	9	The artist had exclaimed as more and more murals were revealed .
tr	9	I 've only had Sky for ten days and I 'm beat .
tr	8	Jodie griped some more but Alex snatched her arms and pulled her to her feet .
tr	10	I would like to show you a web . "
tr	7	" Says Ms. Oblivious ... " " Shush . "
tr	10	The highway was full of cars heading into the city .
tr	7	And milling about the dance floor were scores of party-goers .
tr	8	It was more of a mumble , Finn thought , He glanced over at him .
tr	7	He felt his pulse quicken and forced the image from his mind .
tr	10	All I had to do was believe .
tr	11	Jon asks , astounded with what he was hearing .
tr	11	" I know this must sound sudden to you .
tr	10	I 'm not planning on going anywhere other than the couch .
tr	11	Both she and John were badly chafed from having slept in their wet clothes .
tr	10	" If it is darkness you want , I can fill all your idle hours . "
tr	7	" Say , guys , " I tried again , " Can 't we just talk about this ? "
tr	11	He picks me up and places me on a small cot in the center of the space .
tr	6	Before the next traffic light , Earl 's golden pickup veered into a car lot .
tr	11	You 're one to talk about spoiled children !
tr	7	Wolf Eyes sprang to his feet -- His war cry waking the night .
tr	11	He could take an appropriate name that implied his status in the tribe .
tr	7	From another room , they brought out several Tejano women , and a black man named Joe .
tr	6	" I told you a long time ago , I 'm not a hero . "
tr	7	" So , what can I do to help ? "
tr	11	He flicked through a Daily Star someone had left behind .
tr	10	The light came from the little lamp on the desk , shining down on two pieces of paper .
tr	6	They discussed stock options , the sure thing , the smart gamble , the bold risk .
tr	6	Donovan just watched her , pain etched on every line on his face .
tr	7	But then , he couldn 't exactly telepathically communicate with the Colonel .
tr	7	And then the first strange message had appeared behind his eyes .
tr	9	Charging between decimated homes , Link makes his way past the steady trickle of tumbling pebbles and into the graveyard .
tr	7	" Why 'd they keep me alive ? "
tr	10	Raymond was unable to come up with a lie fast enough .
tr	11	Melody shouldered her pack one more time , staring at the crumpled corpse in front of her .
tr	5	In recent years , the condition has improved .
tr	11	He 'd had him stop in Hereford on his way down from Liverpool .
tr	8	He watched her from behind for a while before remembering .
tr	7	the old doctor said , continuing his interrogation .
tr	9	Teddy woke up this afternoon briefly and tried to attack his brother .
tr	11	We ambled through the door , not bothering to close it behind us .
tr	8	" Come look at this , sir , " Sgt. Davis pointed at Cpl. Alexander 's monitor .
tr	8	" I shall spare your miserable lives but know this ; your fates are now bound to my plans .
tr	9	" I think with Ben 's help and some time we can certainly get it installed and keep it alive .
tr	11	He 'd died trying to save someone .
tr	7	As they shook hands , the man introduced himself as Martin from the year 2099 .
tr	9	We 'll watch each other 's backs and plant food and rebuild our little patch of the country .
tr	9	" You will see how cool is here .
tr	11	Your reviews and referrals mean a lot and can help other readers fall into the grip of Maya 's adventure .
tr	8	This lady I was following went into a room with a swimming pool .
tr	8	Hah , I laugh at nervous .
tr	10	Jack said , trying to sound bored .
tr	10	" That 's got to be them , " she said .
tr	8	Aimee set her jaw and the fear left her eyes .
tr	10	" Atmosphere has nothing to do with romance . "
tr	9	Then just as suddenly as it had started , the firing ceased .
tr	8	' To be fair , he only broke my leg , ' I muttered into my coffee .
tr	7	" I 'll shift my guys over to your battalion net . "
tr	8	There is something different in him .
tr	9	" So , Claire , how do you like New Zealand ? "
tr	11	" That 's all I need to hear , Chuck . "
tr	8	I haven 't felt her presence for some time now .
tr	11	" It 's us who should be thanking you . "
tr	8	They rode without seeing another soul .
tr	5	" Ah , the delicious Lady Gilbert , at last , " he purred softly .
tr	10	She remembered his advice when Ruth had called with her news .
tr	9	He sat hunched over the email , scrolling with his thumb , apparently reading the summary .
tr	6	Final Epilogue This concludes the hypnotic regression sessions , to date , with Katherine , Annabelle , and Victoria to date .
tr	6	" In two or three days , the dissection might proceed , " Count Lucien said offhand .
tr	10	" First , tell me of the rumors you have heard .
tr	7	I blocked out the rest of the conversation .
tr	8	Charlie said , as he gave the jeweller a vicious shake .
tr	7	Mark looked at the foam rubber and plastic shoes with disdain .
tr	7	Beaming at Elaina , she kissed her fingertips and touched them to her forehead .
tr	8	For this reason , now they set the pace to a half run , toward the village of the Yellow Leaf .
tr	6	" I have two questions , " the Prince said .
tr	8	He was running low on cash now .
tr	11	It took a few seconds for Edwin to register what had happened .
tr	10	He fired at the pirate who shot him .
tr	10	Melody was standing , leaning on the cab of the Kubota , watching him .
tr	9	' She will have a truly immortal army at her feet , ' Victor continued coldly .
tr	7	I am truly sorry ... " Jacob stopped speaking .
tr	10	Where could they be if they weren 't at the house ?
tr	9	Immediately Camden spotted the rope and slashed at it with his blade severing it in two .
tr	11	The next morning there was snow on the ground and more pouring out of the sky .
tr	11	He was even more formidable than they had been warned about .
tr	11	The opposite of the jittery nervousness and uncertainty that is the clay of Maya .
tr	8	It was humid , but also the rain had cooled the air down a bit .
tr	11	He had already made sure all the doors of the house were locked .
tr	10	" Well , that 's a little bit of a larger and slightly more complicated issue , " said Nathan .
tr	11	" She was lock in the tower where the book was hidden . "
tr	10	" You 'll need your wits about you when you walk into that hall .
tr	10	He is going to return to Perth .
tr	5	Our last hope or final doom , " said the shredded man .
tr	6	" I 'm not just a pretty face , " he claimed with a wink .
tr	5	This 's a bad 'n alright . "
tr	7	We can 't go back southeast , or we 'll hit a mountain .
tr	10	She 's supposed to be in here .
tr	8	But now Cochabamba seemed full of unknown stalkers and haunted memories .
tr	7	Commander Abe Gully will be your skipper , great officer loads of experience you two should get along splendidly .
tr	7	I asked getting a little irritated .
tr	9	" If you still had some seven thousand footmen left , why did you not keep fighting ? "
tr	8	An old man lies dying on my blanket .
tr	10	Granted , he ain 't seemed to like words a whole lot .
tr	11	He stood above me and I bet only minutes before he was touching me with his dirty Gypsy hands .
tr	6	Then she saw her brother Hunter and his friend Greg walking behind her parents .
tr	6	She nodded her head uncertainly and turned away .
tr	9	What she said to Pierre , in French , made him blush , but he eagerly nodded his agreement .
tr	11	Tower 's voice reminded them that they still had work to do .
tr	10	All they had to do was take their time .
tr	9	Had he shown repentance ? "
tr	10	" It 's a bit like that in the RAF , " said Archie .
tr	9	" Do you also pledge yourself in my service ? "
tr	7	The woman 's lip curled momentarily in contempt and disgust , and then she left .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	6	" Put your shirt collar up , " she said .
tr	9	This meant he was probably not expected back soon .
tr	7	He paused , probably to breathe .
tr	5	" We usually do , " Calvin replied .
tr	8	Had some kind of speech impediment too , or maybe it was a funny accent of some sort .
tr	9	he said , kissing the top of her head .
tr	6	" Wait a minute , " Adam said , " You 're that gay Jewish black dude ! "
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	10	I almost caught ' em all , " Lena replied , indifferent to the world around her .
tr	8	" I understand you have an uncooperative door . "
tr	11	Here is the stretch where they bend and run toward the sea .
tr	5	" A mojito , and a Jack and Coke , " Tanner ordered .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	8	Not only did the name scare Poltergeist , it confirmed his suspicions about the box 's contents .
tr	5	" Yeah , on paper , but they never really divorced ! "
tr	6	' Missile 's fine , ' I said , ' he 's in his stable . '
tr	11	Today , she and John had to go collect the sheep and bring them in closer .
tr	11	If he wouldn 't admit he was cold , she certainly wasn 't going to complain .
tr	11	Wearing headphones she guessed he couldn 't be listening to Taboo Tortured songs .
tr	11	I can show you how to work with William . "
tr	8	Her long , velvet gloves are pulled off , left in her wake like worthless rags .
tr	11	Edwin was finding it harder to hide his mounting anxiety .
tr	7	Jays , river thrushes and robins flitted through the moist evergreen forest , singing their beautiful songs .
tr	9	Her accent told Stalin she was all Spanish , however .
tr	6	Had they not been tempted , you would not be here . " '
tr	8	Almost certainly she must be hungry by now .
tr	7	Let 's see , this looks like some sorta medical storage cabinet , lotsa potions and herbs -- no fragment though .
tr	7	Friedrich holstered his gun and removed a pistol bow from his backpack .
tr	9	Yet when he had hold of it he wasn 't sure how to proceed .
tr	9	You have lots to live for !
tr	6	" Then , one day , I found Leah 's body by the pond , off Blair Road .
tr	8	" Sorry , " she said eventually , wiping water from her eyes .
tr	10	I know because that 's what I did .
tr	7	What questions you would ask , I will answer . "
tr	6	Fresh meat would be a welcome and the company even more so .
tr	9	" Erm , Minister ... How are we meant to get home ? "
tr	7	She was the picture of a stunning female , now more than before .
tr	7	The immortal had gone pale .
tr	11	" Never saw the point in getting one of those , " she said .
tr	11	He had knives on spring-loaded arms ready to fall and cut , to slice and dice .
tr	7	I swung open the door and stood in a sexy pose .
tr	10	At the end of the yard was a tall fence with a gate in the middle of it .
tr	7	'll mean a lot to me . "
tr	6	' That 's not good , ' said Reid quietly .
tr	11	" It 's because of me , because of Mike , that we 're here .
tr	5	Seconds later , more police cars , an ambulance , and a fire truck roared up the drive .
tr	5	" Close your eyes and point .
tr	11	I guess this is the shit end of " more or less . "
tr	7	He forced himself to relax .
tr	11	It was pleasant to talk about home , but he was careful not to reveal too much .
tr	10	We might need to get a fire going .
tr	6	They sat at the ancient pine table in the kitchen .
tr	9	She had survived to a ripe age , and Brand had not yet .
tr	9	The sword swung and hung frozen in air , and then came down and struck with blinding speed .
tr	7	( b ) There were no cartridges in it anyway .
tr	11	Falconer said , " We 're going to make it .
tr	7	Our economy is totally dependent on energy .
tr	6	Here it was midnight blue ; there it was brilliant turquoise ; over there it was a pale , shimmering green .
tr	6	He and Mark just stood there for several moments , in awkward silence .
tr	6	With a resounding crash all three were detonated together .
tr	8	" Don 't you want to learn the dance ? "
tr	7	" So many men lost to both sides , such needless bloodshed . "
tr	6	" Hey , it 's not vodka or brandy or ... well , anything good . "
tr	8	" I 've some ideas where to start .
tr	5	" No I haven 't , " said Old Lachlan , rather annoyed .
tr	9	What Ethan would tell Sampson came from one of his most reliable and well-placed sources .
tr	5	" Oh yes , my good Clancy , I do remember .
tr	10	" I 'll teach you to be dissing me . "
tr	9	" I do not want to lose you . "
tr	8	" I thought you 'd never ask . "
tr	8	" Ok , doctor : as you can see , the patient 's leg is torn up pretty badly .
tr	5	Dress patterns , menus , guest lists , seating arrangements , table dressings and decor , and flowers .
tr	7	3 January 15 , 1624 Today was an exceptionally cold day and we spent it indoors .
tr	6	" How did you get this number ? "
tr	7	she turned and looked at him with tear filled eyes .
tr	7	" Have you really betrayed us ?
tr	7	On the way home , we stopped at the ice cream shop again and Avril and Tuck got cones .
tr	11	" It won 't do having you at loose ends like this .
tr	8	" You 're right , Mike , " he said , slapping Mike affectionately on the shoulder .
tr	10	Logic alone merited somewhere safe to hide from his inevitable pursuers .
tr	8	" If you do not eat it , you will be hungry , there isn 't anything else . "
tr	6	" Your Grace , Lady Mage , would you kindly give us a moment ? "
tr	8	Through the Link , she felt the other Watcher moving away from her .
tr	7	His face was a pallid oval in the gloom .
tr	8	Rick moved the image around the room to the huge vanity and dressers and began inspecting the tables and drawers .
tr	9	* * * The road gives way to gravel , and the Murano 's tires dig in .
tr	5	Malcolm 's voice was sultry and suggestive .
tr	6	I fall into a stupor .
tr	9	It was easy to loose track of time in the daily pursuit of joy .
tr	9	" Will you tell me about it ? "
tr	11	There was nothing else he could to do .
tr	9	Are you waiting for Kalani ? "
tr	6	A month later , Gabby Shyness was on her way to the city .
tr	11	They waited in silence for Lillian to lead them back into the darkness of the ceiling .
tr	8	" It 's not part of the route , but we started every morning here . "
tr	9	He looked resigned to that .
tr	6	' Yes , ' Anna interrupted with a sombre expression .
tr	5	" Fine , " she said dully .
tr	11	Thirty minutes later the time came to open all the cargo doors to release the package .
tr	10	Tell you what ; I 'm willing to meet you halfway .
tr	7	He remembered that day on the beach with Gema so many years ago .
tr	11	I wasn 't going to get through to her , so I turned my attention to Tork .
tr	7	This action suddenly brought the boy 's nose into contact with Simon 's swinging fist .
tr	10	This was Frank 's first time in space without the comforting bulk of an orbital airship surrounding him .
tr	9	She felt the same vibration now , a kind of movement in the air .
tr	7	The girl said with pretty much courage .
tr	7	At the top of the stairs , daylight framed the doorway to a bustling street outside the station .
tr	9	She settled for scowling at him .
tr	5	The expression ' baby steps ' never had a more literal meaning .
tr	5	Texas and its two most strident supporting states were gone .
tr	10	Alejo 's blood chilled as he recognized the voice of Gabriel .
tr	6	Thirty " Come on , " Malcolm called over his shoulder .
tr	11	not sure if everyone likes them that much but time will tell .
tr	9	" My studies have always been the joke of the family , especially my father .
tr	7	" I was questioning your men , lieutenant . "
tr	9	I mean -- " He suddenly remembered she was a teacher .
tr	6	And I reached the end stage with my illness , just like that cancer patient .
tr	11	It almost sounded as if there were human voices out there in the cold darkness .
tr	11	" Anything else you think I should know ? "
tr	11	I smiled nervously hoping the zany scientist wouldn 't notice my deceit .
tr	8	He put that out of his mind while approaching the house .
tr	8	As Anatole reached for the handle , a familiar whine reached my ears .
tr	7	The Captain made his way to the navigation deck and took his place at the wheel .
tr	6	" The sages will remove your very heart this time .
tr	7	Frank carefully folded his suit and his expensive shoes and put them inside his case .
tr	10	Dickie says she 's some sort of ' master ' or something .
tr	6	An ornate , if faded , heraldic royal coat of arms hung from the inn sign .
tr	10	She would worry about morals and why and all that once she had David back with her .
tr	9	Princes , as his siblings had often told him , did not .
tr	7	You 're hurting me , " Matthew begged them , and they pushed his face further into the soil .
tr	9	I asked , " Can you use one of these things ? "
tr	8	By the end of the hour his body was clean and he had on the cleanest clothes he owned .
tr	5	At his insistent behest , we tried American poker next .
tr	10	She grabs the rose , plucking it .
tr	11	We are waiting for you , and Suzi and I are suited up and ready to transfer the cargo .
tr	8	" What else to expect ? "
tr	9	The Vespa slid completely to the ground with its left side dragging through the dirt .
tr	9	You wish ... you wish to be beautiful .
tr	7	In their private chamber , Brand dripped the mead down Gunnar 's throat little by little .
tr	11	There 's a lot of things to look for .
tr	7	He also remembered them as the most dramatic moments in his life .
tr	11	It all seemed so far away from what she did for a living ... ... .
tr	7	Finn stuck his face close to Brendan 's and the man recoiled .
tr	7	" It would die long before that . "
tr	11	They kept following the stream until it emptied into a large , underground river .
tr	11	Even when I walked through the valley of death and feared , You remained faithful .
tr	10	It was now Tork who was pushing his luck .
tr	9	Blood spread out to form a pool under its body .
tr	10	Not that she would know who Aunt Sally was , of course .
tr	8	" Honestly , " she answered , " I 'm just looking around , killing some time .
tr	8	He threw a pillow at me and made to stand .
tr	8	He coughed at the thickness of it .
tr	9	" I seek the one who seeks the light . "
tr	10	Then she decided to let luck have a try .
tr	11	They sat either side of the large partner 's desk in front of the window looking out over the paddock .
tr	7	" There are no more living nearby -- only us three . "
tr	8	It was nice meeting you . "
tr	11	Do I have your permission to continue ? '
tr	7	Just then , a bone chilling noise shook the heads of everyone in the room .
tr	6	Without hesitation , the officer took us to the right .
tr	8	" Okay , but ... A Wolf 's howl broke the silence of the night .
tr	7	Rapidly complementing the onslaught , a sudden charge from the aquatic antagonist 's comrade catches Rift reeling .
tr	5	Riki 's only response was a scornful laugh .
tr	10	A mighty wind that howls at me the mountain , and I will face them .
tr	8	Not long after that Tim 's Gran put her head around the door .
tr	8	Fake it until it 's real .
tr	8	The skin on my palms is peeling back , the veiny orbs lifting up , throbbing .
tr	11	" And where am I ?
tr	11	" Ah ... I thought you might have already heard , sir .
tr	9	Alejo was asking her to forgive him .
tr	7	She shrugged and turned back to the girls .
tr	7	A face peers into mine , and for a blissful moment I don 't recognize it .
tr	8	He 's not romantic hero material , even if his lyrics are rather clever .
tr	10	How dare he act like nothing happened !
tr	10	" I 'm sorry ; I don 't mean to be a watering pot .
tr	10	I 'm off to crack into Joanne . '
tr	8	He nodded , filled his cup with some warm water and brought over with him the soap .
tr	8	" She tries to protect you , Toby . "
tr	11	There is nothing but pain and suffering in every corner of this kingdom .
tr	8	He cut my question , looking at me .
tr	7	" Ah , Mr. Cole , please come in , " his counselor welcomed him on his first and only visit .
tr	7	With a battle cry of his own , Rift lunges forward with a predictable left cross .
tr	6	The cloth hung loosely in wide strips from her shoulders , elbows and waist .
tr	8	Her hair was long and jet black , hanging below her waist .
tr	9	Calvin looked at him before cracking into smile .
tr	7	There were only five of them .
tr	6	Somehow a lie seemed safer than the truth .
tr	8	Harrison finished his meal and announced to no one in particular , " I 'll await ye on deck . "
tr	6	He gave their chosen table a few , unnecessary , flicks with the towel from his belt .
tr	11	His feet moved against water trying to find any grip .
tr	9	Elaina could hardly focus on his gleeful face through the ringing in her head .
tr	9	Lucy was starting to like Lea .
tr	10	In the future I will be careful of her and the company she keeps .
tr	7	The last felt like bile leaving my lips .
tr	9	" What makes you say that ? "
tr	11	They seemed to know what was coming .
tr	5	" Quite right , Sparky , " the shrunken head answered .
tr	8	The docking tunnel shatters ; pieces of it are flung away in every direction .
tr	11	Eda shivered in the cold air ; more than anything she wished to wrap one of the thick furs around Finan .
tr	7	Two more agents bounded up , young and full of energy : Dante Roma and Lexie Pattison .
tr	10	' Surely we do not need the whole Order of the Bastian Hunters just to keep one woman safe ? '
tr	8	A brief glance at the mirror of twilight confirms what he already had assumed .
tr	6	" Did you look on every deck ? "
tr	11	To Simon 's dismay he found no floor to press against with his heels .
tr	9	Mariposa immediately sensed there was something wrong .
tr	6	We drove to a McDonalds at the next exit after a collective decision .
tr	8	The tree trunk abruptly stopped Steve from travelling backward .
tr	6	Still , they both have had strange dreams lately . "
tr	8	Though chilled on the outside , a fire burned in my belly .
tr	11	John explained what he had been told about the murder squad .
tr	9	They noisily entered the next tunnel and pretended to head on .
tr	7	The short and stocky Marine sat forward and looked around at them all .
tr	7	Right on cue , a blond kid in khaki shorts and flip flops rounded the corner into the kitchen .
tr	8	The hard drive of the computer in the study had been wiped clean .
tr	7	" Answer quickly ; what business do you have here in my yard this night ?
tr	8	I understand , " said Ben , " I 'll stop by later for a talk . "
tr	10	He released a guffaw that vibrated through her fear .
tr	10	" Sergeant Timmons , can you check your display out there and tell us what you 've got ? "
tr	8	" Yes , you did tell me about that , " Rupert remarked calmly , seemingly unfazed .
tr	8	We got ta bring him home with us . "
tr	7	Marie , Aimee 's grandmother was Jolie 's house slave , a servant , feeding him gingersnaps and mint tea .
tr	10	She lived life with her typical boundless joy , lasting another three years before finally dying last June .
tr	9	" In Greece , the widows have to wear all their life black . "
tr	10	Joey would do it without even thinking about it .
tr	7	Dressing quickly , she crept out of the hall and made her way to the forge .
tr	5	" Yes , we shall , " James said .
tr	6	" Well , now , " a voice said from further along the fence .
tr	10	The neat rows he had seen from above were not shrubs or new saplings .
tr	9	He wanted to cut them but Sarah wouldn 't allow it .
tr	5	The stone man was now just a shirtless , gaunt figure .
tr	8	" Go on , " he commands , not particularly eager to incite a confrontation .
tr	5	With a deep breath , I knocked and pushed open the heavy doors .
tr	9	As the craft entered real atmospheric conditions the speed began to decrease rapidly and the altitude seemed to slip away .
tr	9	What had her father said ?
tr	6	" Please , " he said , " let 's not fight amongst ourselves . "
tr	7	The twit looked surprised , but flashed him a smile .
tr	6	From behind the wardrobe , Phillip pointed towards the window .
tr	8	You will swap places with them and they will get into a different car and return home .
tr	6	He could hardly take it in .
tr	8	" You guys are ten minutes ahead of schedule so don 't rush .
tr	9	How she wanted to run .
tr	11	Every man in camp kept close tabs on their tableware now , buried it deep in their saddlebags .
tr	7	He turned to Anna , his expression troubled .
tr	7	He looked up and fixed his eyes on mine .
tr	8	" Ah well , " she said , her voice echoing in the quiet .
tr	5	' We 're the , well , the lucky ones . '
tr	8	A hint of dryer lint and fabric softener in the air was guiding me .
tr	8	I hope you have better news . "
tr	10	They made their plans as they stayed hidden from the world .
tr	8	" We can replace the glass by noon and trespassing isn 't that big of a deal .
tr	8	Zeal pointed towards the other side of the village .
tr	9	Tork opened one of the doors and gestured me to get inside .
tr	11	She looked like a person having a pleasant dream , a soft smile on her lips .
tr	5	Unlike the other twelve outposts , Outpost 9 was a security station .
tr	6	For all his privilege and nice hair and confident shoulders , he was no better than me .
tr	8	It was not unlike watching an old comedy .
tr	8	Let them , she decided , looking about the barren hills .
tr	11	I felt stupid when I heard him say that .
tr	5	A pleading glance , a soft word and he was a lost cause .
tr	7	Mana looked up and stared straight into his eyes .
tr	6	" The horse , idiot brother o ' mine , is safe and alive somewhere else . "
tr	10	Raphael steered him through the complex rhythm changes leading to the song 's coda .
tr	9	From time to time , he chuckled richly to himself , especially after singing a particularly nasty rhyme .
tr	11	I was a young pilot with the militia , all green and eager to prove what an ace I was .
tr	10	A part of her wanted to grab him and physically propel him down the steps to the cart .
tr	10	Afraid of living most of all .
tr	5	But after a few tense seconds , he spoke , and I exhaled .
tr	10	They imagined their young country to be so powerful in the current world .
tr	9	I don 't want later for you to hate me ! "
tr	6	However , in exactly five minutes , the thin forties aged principal walked out of an office with her hand outstretched .
tr	6	Feeling true panic , Gabriel swore in Spanish .
tr	8	The huge aggressive fish jumped out of the water right in front of the boat .
tr	8	In the courtyard a family sat eating a late breakfast , their bikes lined up ready for their day of activity .
tr	5	" By now , no doubt , ye all know young Master Christopher .
tr	11	' I 'm fine , ' she said sounding calmer than Amy could have imagined .
tr	9	" I assume that Steve is the other candidate " Simon guessed correctly .
tr	9	" I need something to put Daniel in " she responded while lifting the bodiless Werewolf .
tr	9	Keno waited for Kevin 's command then trotted smoothly behind Blackie .
tr	9	Dinner was cooking in a separate fire to the left of the main hearth .
tr	8	The servants dispersed to gather kindling and firewood .
tr	6	I just really wasn 't expecting you . "
tr	11	He set it down with a thump that jarred the wood .
tr	7	I had a hard time with this .
tr	9	Miss Julie was tired from laying the seven eggs .
tr	6	" I have heard that many times . "
tr	8	" Go for it , " he replied and stole a glance down the street in anticipation of the future emperor .
tr	7	It was short , not much taller than Edwin , with a hunched back and spindly arms and legs .
tr	10	What is stopping us from doing that ? "
tr	6	" You 're too early , check in isn 't open yet . "
tr	5	But he 's still alive .
tr	8	" It will be really advanced work , but it should help you with your career . "
tr	6	He knew about the camera ?
tr	8	Connor quickly took the position of the cat and flung Andre onto the ground utilizing his own momentum .
tr	10	He kept moving and slipping free of the skaters ' grasps .
tr	5	All the scientists and crew waved the vessel off .
tr	6	" Not anymore you don 't , " Elizabeth gave him a little wink .
tr	6	It was a terrible fight , but our father won . "
tr	7	Snow Job took a good look and then handed the binoculars to his partner .
tr	7	' Should I interpret it as such ? '
tr	6	" But in its raw state , " he added , " the neurological damage will be the same . "
tr	9	They have offered their services in defense of the crown today . "
tr	5	But a few decades before that , I owned a small fish shop .
tr	9	she began straddling him with her enticing hips and he groaned softly .
tr	9	In life , it seemed , everything had turned out to be the opposite .
tr	10	Many Muslim families decided to return to their birthplace or their ancestral homeland .
tr	9	They were on the front of the café when Vincent suddenly stopped and turned to her .
tr	6	Fierce winds blow , circling and destroying , still they hold their ground amid the storm and chant .
tr	8	The mission had to come first .
tr	9	They seem to have even bigger plans .
tr	5	This morning on the train , you were asleep .
tr	8	" You shall restore the youth of Olmec .
tr	8	" Why were they in danger from the hunt ? "
tr	6	" Where would that be , now ? "
tr	9	" Only you and Corin , the instant you discovered you were not protecting Sarina . "
tr	8	Ten feet from the doorway , half a dozen black clad figures suddenly appeared before me .
tr	6	" I gave her my word , " answered Finan evenly .
tr	10	I could see he was hiding something .
tr	10	" Of course I 'm ready , I 've been ready for sometime , " Warrior confesses .
tr	10	We have a small favour to ask of you . "
tr	8	What was she trying to do ?
tr	6	In behind us are primarily coffee plantations and the odd cattle ranch . "
tr	10	We may run into a thousand more dragons on the way , but it 's sure death to stay here .
tr	9	This will end with one civilization crushing the other .
tr	8	I wrote out a long report to Allan expressing my views and gave it to Chad .
tr	6	" They 're dead ... They 're ... dead . "
tr	7	Every now and then , he looked at her and he touched his cheeks with his right hand .
tr	5	The other two nodded their heads .
tr	9	Do you have your knife ? "
tr	11	" Part of hiding the secret had to be getting rid of evidence .
tr	7	Again , he pushed down the angry fighter within him .
tr	8	I smiled , recalling his fawning attention over Mercedes .
tr	7	" Look at this , " he said " bloody amazing ... ... .
tr	9	Michael found himself on the pavement with a group of passers-by standing around him and applauding .
tr	11	Even if I , somehow , had an intuition what will be next .
tr	6	Taking a deep breath , he stood up and opened his mouth .
tr	6	" This man died a horrible death , " I said and raised my staff closer for a better view .
tr	11	" And I 'm sure Mr. Graff will come with you .
tr	8	As the flaming orb slipped beneath the waves , the sky shone orange and deep , luminous , blue .
tr	7	" The unauthorized operation against former CSA agent , Rick Walker , has been fully investigated , Commander . "
tr	6	" What does he do here ? "
tr	11	She couldn 't even be sure if the photo was authentic or when it was really taken .
tr	9	This was going to be fun .
tr	10	" I 'll have Jack put that into a press packet right away . "
tr	6	" Quartermaster 's stores please , " said Jennings .
tr	7	" You are one wild girl , Sarah Johnson , " said James , with a nervous laugh .
tr	9	Dr. Warner asked as he worked on the kidney .
tr	6	But what the Prince saw , a bluff , honest , kind man , deflated his anger and righteousness .
tr	8	" It 's up to you , " I shrug .
tr	5	Suddenly on edge as well , Epona 's gallop slows significantly .
tr	7	" Please let us be outside , " I begged with my hand right next to my heart .
tr	9	Sarah felt a huge chasm open up beneath her and she put a hand out to Donovan to steady herself .
tr	8	Bullets slammed into the boot of the car .
tr	7	He pointed at Dad , then went to his son and helped him into their car .
tr	11	Reggie had an angry retort on his lips when Frank Simm stood drawing all their attention .
tr	10	Frenchmen had gone to meet them , and humanity was abandoned in the vicious hand-to-hand struggle .
tr	8	From the direction of Alejo 's room .
tr	11	I turned him over to Cindy and Linda and let them fill him in and bring him up to speed .
tr	7	The canister flew back across the corridor and hit me in the chest .
tr	8	And he kissed her on the cheek " This is real .
tr	9	The panel gave a soft click and popped open , revealing a hidden wall safe .
tr	9	" Phillip , what 's going on ? "
tr	11	They like the smaller vessels to leave early in the morning arriving late afternoon .
tr	10	" Did I hear you say ' my half ' of the Talisman ? "
tr	11	Really all she 's doing is flying the colors you always suspected in the past . "
tr	11	It was all Tara had to offer .
tr	11	4 - Hire a ground crew on a monthly contract to carry out the servicing in the short term .
tr	8	' I 've been listening to the scanner .
tr	8	Again , the shapeshifter changed into a new form to heal its wounds .
tr	10	Let me know how it goes .
tr	10	We 've come up with so many exciting ways to kill our fellow man over the last few centuries .
tr	11	I turned and saw the driver of the van rolling desperately in the dirt , his legs engulfed in flames .
tr	8	He chuckled at his own joke , then winked .
tr	9	He returned minutes later with a key to another door just down the hall .
tr	11	Kevin wasn 't about to be teased by a girl .
tr	9	" I shall lean upon your chest and place my lips over yours , and slowly -- ah , slowly !
tr	9	" How do you want to handle this ? "
tr	7	No way would Dad work with a homicidal pastry chef .
tr	8	" No , " he instantly refuses , shaking his head in a disgusted quiver .
tr	9	He then dropped down a gear , which gave the bike a forward push .
tr	11	I checked my phone and saw that I had a message from Abby .
tr	5	The fight was totally epic .
tr	9	She didn 't need to say it .
tr	10	Then we can deal with what happens next .
tr	5	" I 'm not , it just caught my eye . "
tr	8	This examination gave me the chills , and I had half a mind to leave .
tr	6	Only the southwestern corner wall stood , the rest of the tavern was rubble .
tr	5	With a thunderous groan , the crumbling wall toppled forward .
tr	7	In other words , time is tight and I cannot change the itinerary .
tr	7	" Target that UFO now , " Pugsley went red with rage and yelled at the weapons coordinator .
tr	8	But don 't put too much faith in even a zealot 's adherence to inconvenient old codes .
tr	7	His hat was bobbing up and down on his head .
tr	11	Ali felt big , hard hands take hold of him and he knew that this was it .
tr	6	The plane 's flight plan called for a direct route to Nice , France .
tr	7	All the while the bell continued to clang .
tr	7	Gunnar 's neck had flushed red .
tr	7	At that moment Catalina knocked on the bathroom door and walked into my room with her typical pissed off expression .
tr	9	Hunt roared out in laughter , " I do have a change of clothes or two here in my waist pack .
tr	7	And with the new king 's summons , I would live for this .
tr	11	I murmur , because we need something to talk about , or this might be awkward .
tr	10	Maybe I acted too soon ; this looks like it 'll be marvelous ! "
tr	11	I stepped on it and immediately pushed hard forcing me closing to Isaac .
tr	8	" They salvaged the wreckage of our fleet , " Aria replies with surprised disbelief .
tr	8	And with that they were off , Wolf Eyes leading the way at a trot .
tr	7	" Mitra , grant that the wind blow not ! "
tr	11	Especially when he was working on something like this .
tr	10	It appeared to be different than before .
tr	9	The sergeant shoulders his rifle once more and takes aim at the door while stepping back .
tr	9	What was going to happen next ?
tr	8	I take a long breath and try to concentrate .
tr	7	Chapter 42 Bruneau , Idaho The wedding quickly became the social event of the decade in tiny Bruneau , Idaho .
tr	5	" Ah , yes , just a moment , " Vincent said .
tr	11	You have to learn how to survive . "
tr	10	" Are you sure we are in America ?
tr	10	He saw that two of the lights were now orange and two still red .
tr	7	From what I understand , the whole castle uses much of this water .
tr	9	Chase remove the hood of his cloak , revealing more of his eye-catching looks .
tr	10	He said something about leaving the pattern and heading over to the coast .
tr	5	" Where are you going ? "
tr	11	What was proper to do with her ?
tr	5	" Here , let me . "
tr	6	" Any sign of Gema ? "
tr	8	" We will be doing that , and without our new upper bodies .
tr	6	" We wasn 't thinking , " mumbled Pandora , and Alice looked at her .
tr	9	" You were the one who made first contact .
tr	11	I couldn 't allow it to fall into Lord Quinn 's hands .
tr	5	Said she had a farm .
tr	8	From Jacob and Eva 's description , the plot was brilliant and so farfetched , it defies belief .
tr	5	Just gives me a bloody headache .
tr	9	" That 's none of our business , Mrs. Williams , " Furnace replied .
tr	11	Why bother getting to know me ?
tr	6	" What else can you do , T ? "
tr	9	' Yeah , I only remembered once we got to the pub last night .
tr	8	it 's the real thing and has a terrific edge on it . "
tr	5	Only one topic mattered -- her mother 's scarf .
tr	7	My friends stepped down from the vehicle and thumped me on the back .
tr	5	" Hello , Mr. Johnson " he said politely .
tr	9	It was hidden behind the thick branches of trees that only a keen eyes could see .
tr	5	Together , Jason , Bella and the other two wizards spelled .
tr	7	He checked her name off against a clipboard , then ran back round the bus .
tr	9	They saw Archie and Andy and immediately started walking towards them .
tr	7	A massive grey stone wall , at least a hundred and fifty feet high , completely surrounded the Citadel .
tr	9	Rounding the staircase leading upward , he passes massive cogs utilizing a river to power the gears .
tr	8	Neil could hardly believe it , but the threat of silent treatment had actually made her stop complaining .
tr	9	You have one of the highest grades in class .
tr	9	" So , a few weeks of your help is not going to solve the problem ? "
tr	7	He touched the scar on his right cheek absent-mindedly and left a crimson trail on his pale skin .
tr	10	" I had always hoped that such a thing might happen , " continued Lord Brogan .
tr	10	They were still trying to live functional lives during the day .
tr	8	Seconds later , we parted and headed briskly in opposite directions .
tr	7	" My husband is right about my father .
tr	8	" They call me Pete , " the old man said as he tipped his hat .
tr	8	Turning on his heels , leaving one slipper behind , he ran back into the sanctuary .
tr	10	The boulder you 're shading yourself under now ?
tr	7	There 's still some human left in you . "
tr	5	The plans -- not the family , I sincerely hoped .
tr	9	" Oh , yes , " Neela said , pleased by the reaction she 'd caused .
tr	7	Cisco put the letter down and reached him in one stride .
tr	8	He had work to do .
tr	7	But who was she to judge , right ?
tr	7	I threw the book on the floor , threw my hip out and crossed my arms .
tr	7	' Of course he 's not his bloody horse , Missile is mine , got it ?
tr	8	As I launched into the lengthy tale , Joseph drew a bottle of cognac from a small cabinet .
tr	5	The laser , my wallet , phone , everything was gone .
tr	10	We had to get the lift working first .
tr	9	And how to tell her about a half-sister she probably doesn 't want ? "
tr	8	" You are a braver man than I , " Brand said .
tr	9	His own folks had passed nearly a decade ago -- the tragic victims of a drunk driver on a country road .
tr	5	And not slowly , like a famished man with an unquenchable thirst .
tr	8	Her eyes , behind folds of flesh , glittered avidly .
tr	9	Her face fell and tears gathered in the rims of her eyes .
tr	9	Cracks begun to emerge from the wall one after another .
tr	9	The weapons officer is severally injured and is having trouble getting the manual defense systems online ! "
tr	8	But still , the room seemed too silent , the night stretching out before her too long .
tr	11	" To the other side ? "
tr	11	" They may not all be true but the elders have something to say on the matter . "
tr	9	Rho has disappeared , his permanent fear of social interaction only lessened when talking to Zelda .
tr	10	The scene above was a picture taken from the darkest dreams of hell .
tr	8	" Are you mad , too ? "
tr	8	Noah was wearing khaki shorts with leather hiking sandals , and his tanned legs were covered in powdery dirt .
tr	5	" Well , no chance , I guess . "
tr	8	All of a sudden the room reverberated with the sound of a shrill scream .
tr	8	I leave this afternoon , and I still need to pack . "
tr	7	Marja was just a hopeless romantic and couldn 't resist a good relationship .
tr	5	" Certain uneconomical sections , primarily my papa is a business man .
tr	6	All around them lay broken pitchers .
tr	7	Of course , splendor was nothing new to me .
tr	8	" What the HELL are you two girls doing in MY tree ? "
tr	10	Josh 's tone was neutral as he finished the last of his breakfast .
tr	7	How would he react to their bonding as a married couple ?
tr	11	Men and women who were trying to help .
tr	6	" No , " she said , " I love it . "
tr	10	" You know I 'm really remiss , " said the courteous one , " I failed to introduce myself .
tr	7	Where on earth could Pearson have hidden it ?
tr	8	' If we signed you I 'd find a producer and put you in a studio .
tr	10	Kevin helped them with their bags and led them first to Missy 's room .
tr	10	I believe that is what she wanted . "
tr	10	She lifted up her face to look into his ... .
tr	6	Straightening her arms , she pulled the string and let go .
tr	10	Josie looked at Jimmy as though he were an escapee from a mental institution .
tr	9	" It 's like she 's talking , " Sarah whispered in his ear .
tr	5	He wouldn 't mind . "
tr	8	" Let 's get this over with .
tr	7	Elaina watched them both , puzzled .
tr	7	Despite the lateness of the hour , the Henry Hudson Parkway was packed .
tr	5	A burial site is a powerful place , no doubt . "
tr	10	He knew better than to outrun Secret Headquarters ' legal advisor .
tr	9	Think she 's okay ? "
tr	9	For the present , however , it cost nothing to be polite and listen .
tr	7	Behind him , he heard the familiar clatter of weapons and body armor .
tr	5	At that speech , I raise my eyebrows .
tr	10	There was a small diagram in the margin that I had not paid particular attention to before .
tr	6	Inside the tent , inside the cage , inside the fountain , the sea monster splashed furiously with both her tails .
tr	9	I said , " Maybe it 'll improve the bitch 's attitude .
tr	8	It was pointless to fight .
tr	7	I pushed this troubling feeling aside and focused on his feet .
tr	5	The single street , and all the open ground , was deserted .
tr	11	But he did need to obey her .
tr	11	Not one of their men felt that interrupting the bout would be welcomed by either party .
tr	11	He chose a blade with the markings of a sail crossed with sleek wings .
tr	11	We anticipate activating your reentry sequence by radio command in a decade ; perhaps a bit more .
tr	9	I ducked my head in epic shame , biding my time as Dad closed .
tr	8	Who does this man think she is ?
tr	6	" He 's with me . "
tr	6	She placed another kiss on his plump lips .
tr	7	He stared out for a moment , considering the possibilities , then turned back .
tr	10	He looked down the hill to where a small cluster of houses stood .
tr	6	A trilling noise from her pocket pulled her attention away from the hypnotic mud .
tr	11	I wonder what files he 's talking about .
tr	7	I leaned over and fiddled with my shoelaces .
tr	11	He recognized the truck that had stopped for him .
tr	11	What if Neela were anxious to leave her tribe ?
tr	8	However , before Claire went under completely , I took away the rag .
tr	7	The minister could ruin everything for Fuchs .
tr	9	It 's a pleasure to finally meet you . "
tr	8	He stammers as confusion and frustration suddenly overwhelm him .
tr	9	The poor man must have been ridiculed for his academia .
tr	9	A fiddler , the source of the music , was established in the center in a makeshift stage .
tr	11	Their son who 's done nothing of consequence .
tr	10	She ran in the direction opposite to that which Ted had taken .
tr	8	Neil flopped onto his back and covered his face , and after a while he slid into an uncomfortable sleep .
tr	8	He crossed another level place and entered a defile , slowing down to a walk .
tr	7	As Shimmer circled back around , Echo took the Sun 's heart from her other pocket and stretched her hand forward .
tr	10	" Sounds like you 've been busy , lassie , " he said smiling .
tr	7	" It went well ... I issued a formal apology for the security breach at our government lab .
tr	7	If the shields were down .
tr	5	" No , of course not ! "
tr	9	' I 've been looking for you , ' I said , glancing from her to the injured man .
tr	9	Melody was facing in Ted 's direction and as soon as he spotted her , their eyes met .
tr	10	The fountains ran from a cistern at the top of the cliff and had only stopped when the pipes became clogged .
tr	8	I put the phone on speaker , hooked it on my shirt and started to climb .
tr	7	He stood up and gravely offered her his arm , and without hesitating , she took it .
tr	6	The screams outside didn 't decrease , but only got louder and sounded close each time .
tr	10	I volunteered to stay here in case you woke up .
tr	7	But when I woke up the next morning he told her of his plan .
tr	8	" We are looking for something fancy and fun , " Lilly Ann decided .
tr	8	They moved on with a great deal of caution .
tr	10	You aren 't a pilot , I believe , but I would assume you two are together ? "
tr	7	The final cost of Beau 's mission was twenty-two arrested , three relieved , and one dead .
tr	8	It was not long before we became firm friends .
tr	6	Not necessarily a bad thing , but certainly not normal .
tr	8	Chris and Sarah turned to each other , then both understood at the same time and smiled .
tr	8	King Martin wants a kingdom run by the best people .
tr	11	I 'm sure you 'll fit in here very well . "
tr	10	I 'm not leaving town until I 've had a decent coffee .
tr	8	Another woman from some village on the Baltic Sea was mopping the tiled floor .
tr	8	He reached out toward the wolf , running his fingers along the line very gently .
tr	6	By the time she got downstairs , her grandmother was already on the front porch , shushing the intruders .
tr	11	Do you like to cook ? "
tr	9	This is my fifteenth death in the last four hundred and fifty years .
tr	6	Gabriel 's skin rippled and convulsed , pulse racing as his two hearts beat faster .
tr	10	Glancing over at Melody , he could see that she wasn 't having the same reaction .
tr	7	" Please forgive me , Theo , but you were about to faint . "
tr	11	He only saw brief glimpses of exploding dunes of sand , and metal breaking beneath his fist .
tr	11	" Harald , " Brand said , " I do not know what it is in Varda that you mean . "
tr	8	Each plane was surrounded by angels large and small .
tr	10	She pauses , considering calling for Liam .
tr	10	The general stood at the feet of the lifeless body of Black Scorpion .
tr	7	He pulled a cell from his coat and dialled a number .
tr	5	" Seven forty , and still the lights aren 't on . "
tr	6	The sound of a gunshot suddenly blasted across the chamber .
tr	9	She seems to be away a lot .
tr	10	How many must I kill for you to show yourself ? "
tr	6	Lord Brogan nodded sadly , his eyes filled with grief .
tr	8	" The size - they look just right for holding an alien . "
tr	10	Rafe glanced down at both of the ladies shivering in the inadequate shelter of the cave .
tr	9	And then he could hear the sound of footfalls and someone running away from him really fast .
tr	10	Josie said , stepping in front of Jimmy .
tr	9	This one was much smaller , and he was getting good at space walking .
tr	6	One of those audience participation murder mystery things . "
tr	7	Thompson , seated in a nearby chair , quietly watched the spatter of raindrops on the office 's window .
tr	11	Reggie sighed wanting to be angry , but knew that feeling was counterproductive , " I know and its okay .
tr	6	" I guess , " said Hagan , " but I doubt it . "
tr	9	It spiraled upwards , disappearing into the antechamber 's ceiling .
tr	7	I dump the computer off my lap and climb out the bay window .
tr	10	Two questions sprang immediately to mind : where were they going and why ?
tr	10	The impending creatures move with daunting speed , quickly scuttling sideways while flexing their hungry claws .
tr	10	I 'm sure we 'll be fine .
tr	8	I will invest ninety per cent of my total worth into this project , and no more .
tr	7	Hilda stood up from her bed , a grave expression on her face .
tr	10	The woman , Betta , told him daily that no one was looking for him .
tr	9	You have to keep going .
tr	6	Finally , with a jolly good wince , she brought out her hands and she grabbed it .
tr	6	Even in their wearied and frantic state , some of the men chuckled .
tr	10	Given his status , I didn 't believe it could be a coincidence .
tr	11	The first stirrings of anger rose above the feelings of dread that still twisted through my gut .
tr	9	" How are you going to get out ?
tr	8	Somewhere the branch of a tree cracked , and Adele saw his head jerk up sharply , eyes probing the darkness .
tr	9	" If we aren 't back by midday , call up transport and get back to base . "
tr	10	" You 're a difficult little wench to kill , aren 't you ? "
tr	9	Do I want to sleep with Marlon ?
tr	8	His long limbs are trapped in a baggy t-shirt and worn jeans .
tr	9	" Red , your protocol is pretty specific concerning insubordination , you might want to review the consequences . "
tr	9	" Don 't do anything at all , " ordered David , " I 'm bringing in a Special Forces Team .
tr	10	Examining the weapon , he was excited by markings inscribed on the blade .
tr	6	Christy intoned , following up with spooky noises .
tr	8	" I will peel your skin like an apple , and douse your wounds in salt . "
tr	6	He inhaled , then exhaled , and then he finally held out his hand .
tr	10	" Only reason I kept doing it was waiting for you to quit that damnable college .
tr	8	" Prepare to board her !
tr	8	He looked around wildly , breathing hard , and after a few confused seconds saw another falcon two houses away .
tr	11	Especially one who wanted to change her .
tr	9	The transition was so quick I almost missed it .
tr	8	" He used to climb over the fort wall . "
tr	5	" No , no , not an orphan , exactly . "
tr	5	" I -- " And then Morales played her final card .
tr	7	The bigger of the two angles pulls open the door of the barn .
tr	7	My sense of foreboding was growing darker by the hour .
tr	7	Factors affecting government like all things change over time .
tr	10	I didn 't make it easy for them , let me tell you .
tr	9	Fringe elements by their very nature are blind to everything but their narrow agendas .
tr	9	He cursed himself five times as he crossed Archer 's Yard .
tr	5	Not for a single second .
tr	11	I continue walking until I trip and fall onto the grass .
tr	9	He was mumbling with contentment each inch of the way .
tr	7	Another skillful throw , and another projectile knocked down by a perfect shot .
tr	9	Afterwards the boys and Lauren cleaned up while Gran checked her Lotto ticket on TV .
tr	8	Essa was dead and it was just the two of us now .
tr	9	If there aren 't some answers in there , I think I 'll lose it .
tr	9	He could use the exercise and the light would be fading by then .
tr	6	Rural , beautiful , lots of history and stuff .
tr	7	A second after I turned off the engine , the front door of the building opened .
tr	6	Charlie was an old-school manager , touchy-feely with everyone under his command .
tr	8	He was still hooked to several monitors and IV bags .
tr	10	" Well what do you want me to do ?
tr	7	Rob and Dave were just as still in the total darkness .
tr	10	You have a private message waiting which I cannot read .
tr	11	He never wanted to rule , but I 've little doubt he 'll do it well . "
tr	5	" Back up the crag , quick ! "
tr	8	" Trying to stall , Colonel ? "
tr	6	He inclined his head , blinked once , and grinned .
tr	11	Hank could see the order was coming from Sergeant Peek .
tr	7	" Are you okay , Mom ?
tr	7	Or maybe it was a dare of some sort . "
tr	9	It will take time and it will take lots of hard work and patience on your part . "
tr	11	They showed captives , being tortured by surrounding warriors .
tr	7	" I 'll make my point right now , " Akira then said , her voice loud and clear .
tr	11	I couldn 't be indifferent by Damian 's situation , I had to see how he was doing .
tr	5	They pushed , they shoved , they yelled , and then the hitting started .
tr	10	Get her wherever she needs to be . "
tr	11	" I was going to stay with someone Carol had found .
tr	7	Scott looked at Dan Jansen and smiled .
tr	6	" It " s a puzzle , sir , there " s no doubt about it .
tr	9	They spent the entire ride talking , laughing and joking , like any normal kids .
tr	7	" I know things about you too .
tr	10	Who could really say what would happen ?
tr	9	And how are we going to get around these fellows ?
tr	10	He thought he knew why .
tr	10	They would stay here and rest for the day , taking turns at the watch .
tr	5	Uncle Virgil and Aunt Theodosia , eh ? "
tr	7	" What do you know about money ? "
tr	11	As they began to move through the trees , Rafe felt the first few drops of rain fall .
tr	9	I can guarantee a one-shot kill out to a thousand yards on a still day .
tr	5	" Uh , well Kiran , Jericho , Sebastian and Avalon , " Talbott answered obediently .
tr	9	He will have a very sore shoulder for a while , but the wound is not life threatening anymore .
tr	9	He made the motion like he was zipping his lips .
tr	10	" You are full of surprises my friend , " Taylor said full of admiration for his resourceful and ingenious protégé .
tr	9	PART THREE : RESOLUTION Epilogue The sound of an engine rose faintly in the distance .
tr	11	" I want the painting you have gotten from the auction .
tr	7	There was a further crackle from the earpiece .
tr	7	An organization of Assassins -- not thieves -- and , moreover , one where her word was the absolute law .
tr	9	A hardened , elderly captain barked , as he limped around the room .
tr	7	The wind blew down the side of the mountain where we were .
tr	8	All the musicians were accomplished singers and their harmonies expressed age-old themes of love and life .
tr	8	Somehow , banishing was utterly different than killing , even if the result was the same .
tr	8	' Hi Katherine , ' she shouted over the music from the PA. ' Meet my friends . '
tr	5	' Well , you know ; not too much I suppose .
tr	9	You know where to get your fuel and supplies .
tr	6	They pray for you all the time .
tr	10	" That way , you would be more of an asset than a liability . "
tr	10	Two stories above where they had started three people were standing on a deck .
tr	9	We 've been keeping her intake as low as possible . "
tr	6	The smarter of these men arranged phone calls to each other .
tr	9	Nightmares are like any other dreams , creations of subconscious imagination .
tr	8	" The pass should be several miles behind us by now .
tr	7	Seeing my startled expression , he laughed a little nervously , " was I right ?
tr	11	She got more sleep than she thought she would have .
tr	10	It 's got to be someone else then , another agency maybe ? "
tr	5	Another laughing fit shook his body .
tr	11	" Uh , yeah , there 's no way I 'm going out in public with this on ! "
tr	11	Then , " Why is there smoke coming from that house ?
tr	6	The first case scenario for them translated as the worst one .
tr	8	Let us both have respect , " he replied .
tr	9	By the way , you gentlemen that were on the ground here can thank the Baroness for the air support .
tr	6	Most of them descended from slave families on the old farms here .
tr	7	The woman turned to the young man on her side and does the same .
tr	11	I 'm sure I have respect for Father .
tr	5	Moments later a piercing explosion lit the night sky .
tr	8	" And even if he does die , we must give him a proper burial , " he added .
tr	5	Could her true mate truly be this overbearing , cranky , arrogant bastard ?
tr	6	Okay , he won 't tell you . "
tr	9	" Some of you may be ready by Monday , so we 'll start then .
tr	9	Heat filled her , dancing and twisting with power she cast into the stone .
tr	8	He swung it open , and the compartment was flooded with light .
tr	7	Besides which he had known them forever .
tr	7	He didn 't know that much .
tr	7	Luckily it wasn 't too far to Eaton Bishop .
tr	10	Trotting over to the wall of tangled roots , he realizes he can climb up with little difficulty .
tr	10	Today we 're going to pick the hall monitor , " Mrs. Jones said .
tr	7	The children were filthy , dressed in dirty rags and looked half starved .
tr	10	Spots of light danced before his eyes , but he blinked them away and tried to breathe deep .
tr	11	Missy was pleased that he was asking for her opinion .
tr	6	" Well , no ... but you know , we like kissed ... and did other stuff ... . "
tr	7	This is a matter of survival , pure and simple .
tr	6	" You 're not , " Cady shook her head in shock .
tr	7	Jimmy immediately was struck by the whole team thing .
tr	7	What is going on out here ?
tr	11	I 'm sure it was a sight if anybody noticed .
tr	6	When Mom , Dad and I were a family .
tr	9	I 'll help all I can .
tr	9	He forced himself to turn away , and as he looked up , he noticed two things simultaneously .
tr	10	Joe understood that he had been duped , but he could do nothing .
tr	8	Between grunts and gasps , Gabe tells me that he is 22 .
tr	9	They were echoed by the stutter of machine guns from above .
tr	7	" We must be fast , " I said .
tr	11	Quick as lightning Jolie fell for the oldest trick in the book and whipped his head around to see what happened .
tr	7	Simon continued explaining his theory .
tr	9	She giggled at the stupidity of the joke , the situation , and intoxication .
tr	10	The dogs followed easily , long legs swinging in their deceptively swift , untiring wolf pace .
tr	8	Just look what you 've done .
tr	6	Between the bed and the window was a small wooden table with a glass top .
tr	9	And Daniel had already noticed there were some mental differences as well .
tr	5	" I know , " he answered quietly .
tr	10	" We shall follow this path into the Middle Valley keeping from the main road .
tr	10	" Tanya what do you think ? "
tr	10	There were debates on whether or not super powers should be regulated .
tr	7	" And quickly , " Jack said , " I can 't ski for long on a single ski ! "
tr	6	Just please , let her live , " Mortimer pleaded with Imogen , still on his knees .
tr	8	And it was true ; the Green Dragons were a warrior order more than a priestly order .
tr	5	" The cook , the housekeeper , and the butler resigned yesterday . "
tr	8	Sensory overload falling through the gloom of the early dawn .
tr	10	His father believed in strict military discipline and having soldiers fight amongst themselves was seriously frowned upon .
tr	11	If she didn 't take too much time to line up each shot ... " Blimey , Da .
tr	7	Why were these thoughts invading her head now of all times ?
tr	9	Ted managed to stand up and staggered outside , jumping down from the landing skid to the ground .
tr	11	" Not to be forgiven by God , but to make things right and restore what you have destroyed .
tr	6	With a sigh , Hagan put the lid back on his flask .
tr	9	When she got to the seventh stair she slipped on the loose wood and it fell off .
tr	8	His mother was an infrequent and unreliable presence in their lives and the siblings never knew their father .
tr	9	whispered his mother , looking anxiously into Simon 's eyes .
tr	9	They dragged their bags from the back seat and went in together to check in .
tr	9	He was afraid to touch her .
tr	5	" Is that your family out there ? "
tr	6	He didn 't look around .
tr	11	Hiro looked up at Soul who was frowning sadly .
tr	6	" What is it , Ine ?
tr	6	" Well , well , well , " the intoxicated man said , " look at the pretty ex-con .
tr	6	We got ourselves a real war on our hands here in Texas .
tr	9	The Military Police called the Commander who called David .
tr	8	He kept his voice casual throughout the announcement as if this was just routine .
tr	9	I relished the opportunity to do something .
tr	7	Well , even if you don 't , I don 't care , I will help you anyway .
tr	9	It was time to move out .
tr	5	His heat , his tangy scent and his sheer physical presence overwhelmed her .
tr	5	" Processing specifications , " the voice rang out again .
tr	11	We 'll come back in the morning to finish the samples .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes turned and started back to Waving Willow 's house .
tr	9	" Tomorrow you are going on a raid with my team .
tr	9	' Tell your men to aim for the head .
tr	9	Adele didn 't press him to speak again .
tr	9	The encounter began with a struggle to remain faster than the wolves .
tr	5	" Ned and Jed are not my friends , Sir Horace .
tr	7	She was wearing purple short shorts , a matching tank top , and her favorite purple sandals .
tr	6	A loud bang and rumble of the floor beneath alert us both .
tr	10	" How can you hope to see all that , at this distance ? "
tr	6	That ominous smoke in the sky , the maimed Tower , the frightened soldiers without reinforcements .
tr	8	The sergeant behind the reception had been shot in the chest .
tr	6	As always , her onion stew was filling , and the bread was delicious and warm .
tr	8	Their mounted lasers were little more than modified laser handguns ; with the appropriate limited range and power .
tr	10	" I haven 't looked back there , what is it ? "
tr	5	Like any other wild animal , they were extremely lethal and unpredictable .
tr	9	A beautiful landmark stands at the heart of Pendragon in memory of young woman , Iris .
tr	8	I think it 's Rhodes .
tr	6	Next , he suddenly clapped his hands in a flourish .
tr	10	When she turned around she saw somebody she didn 't expect .
tr	11	He reached out his hands to break the fall and the lighter flew to the side and went out .
tr	9	Her gaze took in sensible black shoes , tights , black skirt , and her heart lurched optimistically .
tr	10	We followed in his wake , curious eyes boring down on us .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , " was the general and enthusiastic response .
tr	8	He seated himself again by the fire , once more fully dressed .
tr	8	I screwed up at the Louvre and the Eiffel but my actions hardly deserved sudden death .
tr	8	Suzi wheeled her chair over , and VIN stood and introduced her to Maggie .
tr	9	Destro exclaimed , as his fist slammed against the tabletop .
tr	8	Boiling hot breathe emitted out on the back of his neck with a concerning wheezing accompanying it .
tr	7	" But neither does Frankenstein 's monster , and we just ran into its ugly sister . "
tr	10	Miriam didn 't have to think about that .
tr	11	Lilly Ann seized the opportunity when Taylor had to take a breath .
tr	7	" It 'll get better in time . "
tr	6	Raped , kicked , punched , killed four men , walked for two hours in the dark .
tr	6	Between one breath and the next , he watched a disgruntled young witch change into a sleek , predatory Queen .
tr	8	" Getting her hands dirty , " a husky woman laughs , nodding with agreement .
tr	8	Behind the cornfields a palisade of logs implanted in the ground surrounded the entire village .
tr	11	Dan Jansen watched the red dot disappear behind a patch of dense underbrush .
tr	8	There was a moment of stunned silence , then everyone roared with laughter .
tr	11	Do you feel rested ? "
tr	7	Ali sucked in a shocked breath and forgot his self-pity .
tr	7	Upon arriving , many of these usually gruff men greeted each other with a curious , almost dainty bow .
tr	11	She stared at him pensively like she needed to go outside .
tr	5	" A promise , an evil favor , my life ? "
tr	7	I mumbled out words of protest .
tr	8	asked the Prime Minister now getting a tad annoyed with this questions and answers game .
tr	5	" Thirty six , twenty four , thirty five , wow , thin waist . "
tr	11	He announced while trying to hide his smile .
tr	10	She should be here to get them herself .
tr	6	Roberto said deep in thought .
tr	9	One got onto his knee and bowed his head , pointing his spear towards her , and the other followed suit .
tr	8	screamed Every , surprised at the sudden appearance of the old woman .
tr	6	When they died , they wore fur coats and leggings and also simple leather helmets under their hoods .
tr	9	Tony sat quietly in the passenger seat , ' must have made an impression , ' she thought .
tr	11	He felt her pushing back , trying to move him .
tr	7	Claire closed the laptop with a gentle click and slid it back into her bag .
tr	7	He stood beside the truck , the mist wet against his skin , his eyes opening more and more .
tr	10	By now he 's past the illusions , so he can use his scouts to track us .
tr	5	" Where do you go ? "
tr	5	" Just tell me the truth . "
tr	6	" But from his look , " Shampoo thought , " he no need one . "
tr	8	At last -- he could now look for his friends , and with adult help .
tr	5	" Sometimes , " he admitted , " but not often . "
tr	9	We 'll be so far out of range , and so quickly , they won 't even worry about us .
tr	8	" Here , " Dave shoved a key at Lonnie , " get lost . "
tr	6	" However , you are immune , my Fuhrer , " he said quickly .
tr	10	Except for the old George Washington out there generating electricity , we have no Navy . "
tr	10	Mia answered she would think about it .
tr	8	And she had to betray them .
tr	10	It dawned on me what was happening .
tr	11	Do you know who I am ? "
tr	10	How he knew half what he did , I 've no idea . "
tr	7	Once again , without a lot of thought , he walked down to the room and knocked on the door .
tr	9	Hailey got more tense and demanding as the birthing day approached .
tr	8	" We have new information and we are stepping up our efforts , all vessels clear dock and move into formation .
tr	7	It 's been done before .
tr	11	" Do you know another Lizard named Hailey ? "
tr	10	The slaves were made to walk on their broken feet .
tr	7	Each piece , even the most casual garments , exuded an air of artistry and attention to detail .
tr	6	Underneath on each hip hung a sheathed sword on a new , plain belt .
tr	8	The men wore silk tunics of rich forest green and dark purple .
tr	9	He laid the shirt over his lap , put the truck in reverse and began backing out of the space .
tr	7	Sighing , he reached into his pocket for his wallet and removed the now somewhat tattered news article .
tr	9	Although forty five and with George now almost sixty that 's how they liked it .
tr	9	It made her feel wanted and alive .
tr	5	With a charming smile , I said , " Okay , Mom . "
tr	8	It made him appear much older .
tr	6	The last day Mark woke up to sunlight streaming through a window straight into his eyes .
tr	11	She 'd never seen this side to him , lounging in a comfy chair having a gossip .
tr	10	Now they will let me work with them , thought Toby .
tr	7	And why , " his voice grew louder , " do we always label disgusting food as an acquired taste ? "
tr	8	I crawl into the back seat and slump against the opposite window .
tr	7	Maybe he 'd surprise me with a boat ride .
tr	8	" How 's this going to work ?
tr	10	If she were to arch her back , she would be dead for certain .
tr	9	" I have a few plans up my sleeve for this Falcon and his son , Mother .
tr	11	" Do you know where we are going ? "
tr	10	I doubt they have too many runways in this place .
tr	6	It was either this or some dumpy hostel .
tr	6	Simon resumed his position , crossed his eyes , and stuck out his tongue .
tr	7	" Aw hell , I had my mind all set on a nap . "
tr	5	Inside the small building , the lights were low .
tr	6	I 've lost the perfume .
tr	10	They decided to stay to the roads as much as possible .
tr	11	It was a while before we stopped to take stock .
tr	5	" We smelled ... " " Sorry , sorry .
tr	8	And what if they were still watching ?
tr	10	" I managed to get a free upgrade from my supplier and I figured I 'd use it here . "
tr	10	How many of the people here at the Bible conference had a son or brother who had just disappeared ?
tr	11	It was the same car he 'd seen at the airfield .
tr	8	The moment they stepped in , Tori got a bad feeling but she didn 't tell anyone .
tr	8	" Mike Donovan said he was the village school teacher . "
tr	6	The new manager was Connor Moylan , an Irishman from Kilkenny but Terry was naturally suspicious of the Irish .
tr	9	" I would tell them that we know nothing yet .
tr	9	The fifth day after crossing the Cumberland River they finally reached the border and couldn 't fathom what they saw .
tr	9	Paper money was less than worthless now and any real valuables would be sealed inside the vault .
tr	11	It had started to snow again blowing in from the west .
tr	6	With the feud ended , what is left ? "
tr	10	He held out a hand to help Josie out of the water .
tr	7	The light outside his closed eyes did not seem so bright , and he carefully opened them .
tr	10	Continued in the second book , High Queen , available for $ 3.99 wherever ebooks are sold .
tr	11	She always had this feeling when she was looking at mountains .
tr	8	" As soon as we pass through there , hit the ground and slide . "
tr	6	" Turn it off , " Taylor winced , " you 'll fry the starter motor . "
tr	11	The walls were plain white , and the hallway seemed to have far more fluorescent lights than it needed .
tr	9	Besides , with the mountain pass , there wasn 't any way to get lines though .
tr	10	It had a steep roof of shingles and a chimney between two large windows in the front .
tr	8	He did offer a meal and then we 'll be on our way . "
tr	9	Wow , the second time in a week Dad had talked to me about something other than Spy Games .
tr	5	" At the moment you 're barefoot , pregnant and unemployed . "
tr	8	He wouldn 't , or couldn 't , say where .
tr	9	People who care about you .
tr	5	Just for that , he deserves a bullet . '
tr	6	" Yes , I did last time , " was her cheeky answer .
tr	7	" Well , I chose psychology of selfishness .
tr	11	Sato knew he had to quit whining .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	11	Sadly I didn 't get an opportunity to speak with Tork .
tr	9	One should never let one 's guard down in the vicinity of any zombie .
tr	6	Not much - maybe only a few drops .
tr	9	Not waiting for anything in particular , just endlessly waiting for the night to fall , and the dawn to break .
tr	7	That 's just , well , God , she 's really flexible .
tr	7	" Go to hell , " he said .
tr	8	" Will he turn into one of them ?
tr	10	Finan came close to telling her precisely what she could do with her eggs and milk .
tr	8	The people my brother worked for ? "
tr	7	" So open it , you 've got a key . "
tr	5	A little work and the dirty water was gone .
tr	6	They 're probably out and in our canoe by now . "
tr	6	I step out of bed .
tr	8	" Or anywhere else , " David said , looking toward the dusky blue horizon .
tr	11	Exactly how Clancy came about these , I do not think I wish to know . "
tr	5	" Perhaps another time , Roland , " he said gently .
tr	5	" Um , yes , I 'm adjusting , um , just fine .
tr	11	I wish to speak to the commanding officer of this unit . "
tr	9	I 'm glad you 're here .
tr	8	" Adele ... " He paused , swallowing with difficulty .
tr	5	" Yeah , you 're relieved , man .
tr	8	I used to be idealistic , like you .
tr	6	A few feet off the path , he noticed a young woman digging in the soft soil with her hands .
tr	8	Even the Falcon admired the man , and I kidnapped you out of his house , insulted him .
tr	9	The device sent to Secret Headquarters a real-time telemetry identifying the subject 's location , vital signs , and sphincter dilation .
tr	9	I can always leave while he 's asleep .
tr	11	It has to do with the safety of the realm .
tr	9	Can he hope to defeat two , or will he need help from an FBI psychic ?
tr	10	The beeping sounds he heard , three different ones , slowly brought him back to consciousness .
tr	6	" The warrior is of secondary importance . "
tr	10	You 'll need your full strength when you go in the Darkling Wood tonight . "
tr	11	I knew what I was supposed to do .
tr	11	" Tell me what you know about Gema Mason , Robbie " asked Jennie .
tr	5	It was a long time ago . "
tr	9	Atticus was slaving away at the stove in an apron .
tr	8	" Ok , so there are at least six of us here , " Megan concluded .
tr	5	Water , here , was a precious commodity .
tr	10	I didn 't eat anything , just to eat with you tonight . "
tr	7	He was a hardworking man , a mason by trade , and gave his whole life for his family .
tr	5	An Indian reservation in Nevada .
tr	9	With a little practice she found her balance as she stepped over rocks and twigs .
tr	8	Loot answered the call with a mockingbird song of his own .
tr	10	You 're the only one that ever liked me , " Jess said .
tr	9	" This might come as a shock , but I 'm one of the Goddesses responsible for this world .
tr	9	Both metals had been purchased in powder form and were ready for mixing .
tr	9	I recognised Victor 's father and a few of the Council members I met in Prague .
tr	7	It felt like flannel pajamas , only better ; a soft stretchy full-body fit .
tr	8	Five sets of tired eyes looked toward the stranger 's neck as he finished another water bottle .
tr	8	It usually took me a good stiff one just to get over the flavor .
tr	6	" Yes ; First Clan , Second Clan and Third Clan . "
tr	7	George picked up his tea and walked out of the room .
tr	5	" I just heard last night .
tr	8	The chamber pot also needed to be emptied .
tr	10	" You remember my telling you that I heard horses ? "
tr	10	Feeling ridiculous she pressed on , I am beautiful .
tr	11	Do you wish to proceed ? "
tr	6	He was a powerful foe , not a smart one .
tr	6	With a quick and graceful bound , Valarie leaps to the station .
tr	8	Captain Drake is immobilized and suspended several meters in the air by something undetectable .
tr	9	He felt the cold water close over him as he slipped under the surface .
tr	11	" Toby , what else have you read in the study recently ? "
tr	5	Predictably , Lord and Lady Bayern and her redoubtable sister were last .
tr	6	I shot off again , the gunfire rattling through the hallway behind me .
tr	9	He ran all over the top of the mountain , but there was no escaping it .
tr	10	If he wanted to guarantee success , he would have taken matters into his own hands .
tr	11	Everybody seemed to have the time of their lives , and all on his behalf .
tr	10	A refreshing sort of fiery breeze rushed through his veins , leaving him in a state of utter bliss .
tr	7	" I don 't know , sweetie , " she said .
tr	8	You treat him like a dog , woman , " one of the men shouted out .
tr	10	Another praised her coordination and said she should be a surgeon .
tr	10	" You know ; I remember the first time I saw you . "
tr	9	Tio was reluctant to believe anyone .
tr	11	The world seemed to tilt beneath him as he stepped off the ledge .
tr	6	Then she took a deep breath , and counted " 1,2,3 . "
tr	9	The thought was cold even while the words made his blood hot .
tr	8	Silent tears slid down against the rough cloth of the gag .
tr	9	Unless it was a trick , the fat man was still alive ... but that was going to change .
tr	9	Among these deceits , tricking an office temp into signing the Goodspeed contract was arguably the least offensive .
tr	7	In many places the trail disappeared into matted brush and tree trunks and wild askew vines .
tr	9	Now , just stick out your tongue for me -- ahhh -- that 's right . "
tr	11	This was where the clues I was missing would magically appear .
tr	8	The moment she hit the ground , her hands moved again , a dizzying blur .
tr	11	" Seriously , dude , there is something wrong with the way your head works .
tr	8	John released the puppy from the command and sat down next to Sarah in the dirt .
tr	7	" I 'll go with you .
tr	10	Besides horses , bikes now seemed to be the most practical means of transportation .
tr	7	The following Friday morning Raphael arrived at the flat with his four-track and spare headphones .
tr	8	The dragon quickly clears the tallest of the buildings and performs a barrel roll .
tr	5	" Fine , yes , I promise , " she said .
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	6	They nuked us , blew away our outside monitoring devices . "
tr	8	" After especially hard or draining missions , it 's important to relax and refuel . "
tr	7	He dialed his superiors and held the phone to his head .
tr	8	" Well , what is it ? "
tr	6	The rain looked worse from the kitchen window .
tr	10	Cade thought there was an undertone to her words , a meaning to that look .
tr	11	One who cannot tolerate the element of fire .
tr	7	As the daughter of our brother Knight , she at least deserves that much consideration . "
tr	10	In the meantime , let 's go through what we can decide tonight .
tr	10	He tentatively rotated his helmet lock to the open position and winced as a rush of air came in .
tr	8	A two-inch glass wall dropped from the ceiling on both ends of the scanner security hall , trapping Ahmad .
tr	9	" I do not wish to trouble you . "
tr	9	" Go back and look out for anyone while I get the diary . "
tr	6	" Sure , why not , " was Lilly Ann 's not too enthusiastic reply .
tr	10	' This is a stupid question , but you 're absolutely positive that was your seventeenth death ? '
tr	7	" But before anything else , let 's remove that . "
tr	7	The impact shot up through my legs and forced a groan from my chest .
tr	11	His head hit hard and he saw the stars had come down from the night sky .
tr	9	Normally , I loved when Dad left early for work .
tr	8	David would simply have to wait and see .
tr	7	A sad smile flitted across the older man 's face .
tr	6	It cleared his mind momentarily , and he looked up .
tr	7	" Yeah , man , why weren 't your pants burnt up too ? "
tr	8	When the burning had subsided a bit , Ted straightened himself out and rolled onto his back .
tr	9	" Use the pitiful excuse you call a brain .
tr	8	~ ~ ~ ~ Chapter 25 As spring finally sprung towards summer I was feeling pretty good with myself .
tr	6	Sally and I laughed , we both grabbed Dexter and danced around .
tr	9	The Watchman gave a bone-chilling laugh that rasped and coughed .
tr	7	It felt good to smile .
tr	7	Rolling his head from side to side , he murmured under his breath , " Mama , mama . "
tr	9	At this distance from Mars , there was no chance of the enemy intercepting the uni-directional signals .
tr	7	" We really should get going .
tr	7	But what sort of life was that ?
tr	11	The ship was big enough to need a crew of a couple hundred people .
tr	7	I looked around the station 's reception .
tr	11	Nathan had fought to keep the thought just below the surface that his family might die slowly before his very eyes .
tr	8	No , it wasn 't who the F is Alice .
tr	9	" Let him play in the study , he seems to love that . "
tr	5	" That 's actually not a bad idea . "
tr	6	With her long , shiny dark hair , deep blue eyes and small , compact body , she was certainly striking .
tr	10	There they will face human experiments in a laboratory known as The Infirmary .
tr	7	This is the loss of everything .
tr	8	" Ru really wants you to stay , " Tabor said , languid eyes twinkling .
tr	7	Joshua thought for a second and then shook his head .
tr	9	Someday we will wed again in the Heavenly Hall of Hunters .
tr	8	Now , all of your training will be put to the test .
tr	8	" But I intend to find out . "
tr	10	What he didn 't know was what was going on now , in the present .
tr	8	" I sell soft drinks , candy , and ice cream in the afternoons .
tr	9	He slipped into the formal coat and stood in front of the mirror for final inspection .
tr	9	" What do you think you 're doing ? "
tr	7	" Well , of course , but -- " Neil remembered Mana .
tr	8	Also , the AC is putting even more pressure on the overall electrical systems .
tr	9	Physically both he and Roberto were capable of doing this .
tr	10	The pilot tried to keep the plane true , but it was useless .
tr	9	What wasn 't he telling me ?
tr	11	The crowd that had begun to dissipate was gathering once more around the arena .
tr	5	A little excessive there , Pol ' Mother 's tone was acid .
tr	8	What 's wrong with you ? "
tr	10	He gave the Prince a brief look of interest mingled with excited anticipation .
tr	11	The move had instantly cleared Hailey from the danger of the bees in the flowers .
tr	11	' Do you want to pat him ? '
tr	7	But he hasn 't returned from the party yet . "
tr	11	She would want me reined in and that could be dangerous .
tr	9	Roberto managed to strike the sword away from him .
tr	9	" You know , I haven 't been to a ball for nearly a decade , " spoke Jacob .
tr	10	You 'll need to come with us .
tr	11	The snake renewed its efforts to break free , coiling itself around her arm .
tr	10	I hope she hasn 't already heard about this .
tr	8	" I did many of the drawings , " Lilly Ann confirmed , " but they are not really mine .
tr	11	Claire asked , surprised , as the boys watched the fish swim away .
tr	5	No , not the look , and too courteous .
tr	6	No evidence of a struggle , no fingerprints , no signs of forced entry , no powder marks on the wound .
tr	9	Also areas not in use are powered down to conserve energy .
tr	6	A second later , a charge arched through his body in a single spasm .
tr	11	He has to know how to read !
tr	9	As if on cue , a thunderous rumbling shakes the building .
tr	11	And the answer he arrived at in that moment of quiet introspection was unambiguous .
tr	11	Someone needed to know what they had discovered .
tr	10	This just served to make Android angry and he pressed forward with renewed purpose .
tr	9	The memory and CPU diagnostics were successful and the radio appears to be functioning . "
tr	10	He rolled his eyes , motioned to the computer , " Lead us to your King Arthur . "
tr	10	It is believed that the Creation ancestors painted on the rock .
tr	6	" That , and I 'd like my nice , shiny and new truck back . "
tr	9	He could feel the dogs ' attention riveted on the door .
tr	6	Adele 's brow creased in thought .
tr	11	Claire imagined it must have been spectacular a few weeks before .
tr	9	He was young , perhaps sixteen or seventeen , and had dark whiskers -- no beard yet .
tr	10	I have friends that believe in me .
tr	6	In any place , at any moment , and for whatever reason , such gestures would be unacceptable and abhorrent .
tr	6	The sound bounced off the thick stone walls and disoriented them further .
tr	7	The mob might very well kill her too , the bastards . "
tr	8	That would have to do .
tr	6	The Angel met the boys with a broad smile on his face .
tr	6	At that moment , the power went out and the world was dark .
tr	8	I already called the girls and they are on their way , " Quinton explains .
tr	11	He was to blame for one-third of my misery .
tr	10	It was getting colder but I didn 't fancy sitting in the Cherokee with my two captives .
tr	9	Hai Hai 's whiskers twitched as she scooped coins from the table into her purse .
tr	10	" As a matter of fact how do you manage to get past it so easily ? "
tr	8	Like I said , I want to help you .
tr	7	" An entrance truly worthy of my daughter , " Michael Angelo smiled , " Shall we begin ? "
tr	10	He turned toward them and waited until all eleven had acknowledged his signal .
tr	6	" He is and he will , " agreed Nathan .
tr	11	There was corroborating evidence of sorts for his explanation , and it did make sense .
tr	8	I 'm not normally a betting man but it seemed a pretty easy wager to win .
tr	8	Someone was out there , hunting her , hunting Kurt .
tr	8	He rolled and escaped a blow aimed directly at his head .
tr	9	She feels eyes filled with hatred watching her .
tr	10	Close enough to make her happy .
tr	5	Three hundred feet , a hundred yards , four turns , in about thirty seconds .
tr	11	He wanted to be home with Freya and little Kell .
tr	9	" Okay , time to see what 's out there . "
tr	7	" I 'll hold everyone here , Sir , " Llama said .
tr	9	The Elder was so shaken he wasn 't thinking .
tr	8	You know of it , know it was Dr. Crawford , but you cannot help ?
tr	10	' I guess they 're on our side now , ' I said cautiously .
tr	8	" Danny come look at this , " Tori said grabbing the book .
tr	5	" No , you don 't , " Lodge spat , still annoyed .
tr	8	" Yes , Jenny , I will man the desk for you . "
tr	8	What could be keeping him ?
tr	10	But my head is always turning back , eyes landing again and again on Gabe 's sapphire aura .
tr	10	" It is not something I would ever have imagined .
tr	9	He carried himself regally , the top half of his body never moving .
tr	7	" I run most mornings you know ... . .
tr	10	" Pity , I would have felt better having a full tour , " added Joe Bishop .
tr	10	I turned towards it and concentrated on keeping my breaths slow and steady .
tr	8	Don 't worry we have the situation perfectly under control , " said the Angel smiling at everyone .
tr	10	We 've torn the palace apart and found no trace of either of them . "
tr	9	Since when had the minister been cooperating .
tr	11	I decided I wanted to eat buffalo .
tr	8	We need to move right now ! "
tr	6	Deckard snapped out of it at the last moment , leapt backwards , firing two darts into the open maw .
tr	10	For the first time since her capture , she couldn 't have pointed to where he was .
tr	9	See what we can figure out .
tr	7	The sharp barbs cut her clothes and skin on her face , arms , hands , knees , and stomach .
tr	6	' You 're too late , Ed , Frank 's already been .
tr	9	That 's magic , isn 't it ? "
tr	7	No sucking of hydraulics , no motors driving something , almost no sound apart from faint metallic clicks .
tr	8	" Set up the ramp , " one ordered as he accepted the pad .
tr	8	Andy did as he was told .
tr	7	My heart is too big for my chest .
tr	9	" Would you like to manually or verbally choose a location , Rick ? "
tr	9	He reached for his saw and placed his thumb on the bone as a guide .
tr	11	Loot wanted to go , but was made to stay behind because of inexperience .
tr	9	" That Lady Adele said that ... " " No , no ; after that . "
tr	9	Tears started to burn in my eyes .
tr	7	Aside from a young mother and her three children , he was alone .
tr	7	Even in this cold temperature , sweat beads formed a line on his forehead and slid down his face .
tr	5	" Cardinal Lopez , these are my daughters Lizzie and Lori .
tr	7	She then turned and headed towards the apartment 's tiny kitchenette .
tr	9	Especially now , with all that 's happened .
tr	8	" I 'm not strong either , " he declares , feeling more and more pathetic with each proclamation .
tr	9	Suddenly freezing in place , the reaver 's expression grows deadly serious as he stares at his shrouded rival .
tr	11	" Sure , you 're not thinking of killing us in cold blood , missus ? "
tr	9	His eyes instantly betray his potent loneliness as he reacts to the question .
tr	7	Angelique looked blankly at him , " I never thought of it either . "
tr	9	The sea lay in front of them and sparkled in the early morning sun .
tr	7	" We haven 't seen these bastards since the train station , right ?
tr	6	Instead , the trunks of felled trees lay like beached whales around the perimeter .
tr	7	Lisa looks at Aria with a start , her face a mask of guilt .
tr	9	The narrow slope of slippery glass was now the only thing separating Ted from a grisly death .
tr	6	" And you can 't do this yourself because ... ? "
tr	8	He is twice the size of Warrior and his dark black scales give him a fierce appearance .
tr	9	Those stuck in the net finished falling at normal speed , gasping and panting for breath .
tr	8	He paused and closed his eyes , listening and feeling the forest around him .
tr	10	" I 've got a case of Scotch for the gunner that racks up the most vehicle kills ! "
tr	10	" Then keep quiet before I have my Wolf take your head " she snapped .
tr	8	Before I could respond he told me about Toby . "
tr	5	" In my book that 's a dishonest job . "
tr	10	I did not stand to cry because of a person .
tr	9	" I don 't want you falling and grazing a knee before they get here . "
tr	8	She paused for a moment remembering that .
tr	6	Of their numbers I am not sure , but they are there . "
tr	11	" Correct : twenty-three flights into outer space , eight panels at a time , " replied Ryan .
tr	7	Then the vehicle lurched forward and the driver 's cannon came to life .
tr	7	It rolled across the tarmac and quickly gathered speed .
tr	7	She was quiet for a while .
tr	8	Remaining in her ninja ensemble , Zelda nimbly runs several steps up the tall wall bordering the gardens .
tr	5	Beth gave them an embarrassed grin , a wary ' Thanks . '
tr	7	I let his words soak in .
tr	7	I threw my arm back and shot wildly behind me .
tr	5	The massive JE Labs speakers and Mark Levinson electronics were an additional bonus .
tr	10	A meeting was arranged rapidly and John was happy to see Graham again .
tr	9	" Forgive me , I should never have asked you , should not have supposed that you could . "
tr	7	Even then , at that tender age , I did not like the restrictions on my sex . "
tr	8	To do with Church , I think .
tr	9	It had been an odd winter , even by Southern California standards .
tr	6	And the party had not helped ; there were party food and streamers and burst balloons everywhere .
tr	10	I hope we 're not back here by tomorrow already ! "
tr	11	Stephens knew it was hopeless to argue .
tr	7	Ryan is lost at sea .
tr	9	It reminded him of how stuck with me he really was .
tr	9	A mammoth , hollow tree trunk serves as a hallway of sorts , its moss covered bark glistening in the moonlight .
tr	11	I had completely forgotten about the questionnaire , the papers , all of it .
tr	10	Last came Stalin , wheezing like a badger in the hazy Peshawar pollution .
tr	10	" I know you 're not blaming me for the weather .
tr	5	" I was a Muslim .
tr	6	" Yes , it will , " Jennifer said slowly as if choosing her words carefully .
tr	11	His presence was so imposing the throng of travellers parted before him .
tr	7	" 1st platoon has the center , 2nd is on their left flank and 3rd is on the right .
tr	9	now it was Lilly Ann 's turn to raise her eyebrows .
tr	8	" Well if you see that bear then you know the little girl isn 't far away .
tr	8	To them , it did not matter where they were .
tr	8	' I will not go easy on you , ' I warned him in a low voice .
tr	8	Wasn 't the song drowning me and still I held my breath ?
tr	6	" Though , perhaps it doesn 't matter .
tr	9	" Ah well , maybe you won 't have to do accents again . "
tr	7	" He 's learning very quickly , " said William .
tr	5	Walls and corridors , cold , dark , moldy , and just downright icky .
tr	6	A tug at his shirt accompanied the address .
tr	9	Yes , he 'd no doubt covered up a crime , let some petty criminals off the hook .
tr	7	He shook his head and looked at the cottage .
tr	8	" We are -- " Miriam began , but Simon interrupted her with his own explanation .
tr	6	Darkness claimed him quickly , but this time he saw Mana .
tr	9	The whole ride on the Metro , I tried not to think about Malcolm .
tr	10	The address was a detached house in a narrow road not far from the metro station .
tr	8	She will assure him it is okay if her thoughts overwhelmed his own .
tr	9	Scattered around her , were a few badly mangled zombies that were still moving .
tr	11	I gripped the bag over my shoulder , feeling the lumpy form of the camera against my side .
tr	9	Michael became very ill after the inoculations and his life hung in the balance .
tr	5	" Come in , " I tell him softly .
tr	8	He scowled at the twenty-three year old Christine but couldn 't blame her for his bad mood .
tr	6	She hated her school and she hated the world , and right now she particularly hated the town bus service .
tr	10	Learning to play guitar had been the first cool thing he 'd done .
tr	9	The town seemed quiet , but I found an old gentleman and asked him where the palace was .
tr	10	In fact , he was sure he 'd heard it countless times .
tr	6	With a start , they swung around , but saw no one there .
tr	9	" It 's what we called them in the last war . "
tr	10	Do you suppose it rotted ? "
tr	8	What a great pleasure and honor to see and read this .
tr	6	" Sarah , he doesn 't need me .
tr	7	Memories flooded her heart , unwelcome , and she swatted them away in anger .
tr	8	" Don 't tell me ... it 's porn , " speculated Mark , half joking .
tr	7	" Oh don 't mind him , " called the servant .
tr	11	We have no family as both Susan and I were foster children who lost our parents at a young age .
tr	7	" You 're serious too , " the boy chuckles , shaking his head .
tr	7	You should finish , get your high school diploma , and then get a job .
tr	9	He spoke quietly , assuring his words carried no farther .
tr	9	She will gain what is sought . " '
tr	9	He had many hours before stopped worrying about his legs .
tr	10	He wanted to go to China , he said .
tr	5	" No we 're not , we 're a crew ! "
tr	6	assured Finan after a moment .
tr	8	Call me if you need me . "
tr	10	Almost angrily , she banished the image and forced herself to slow him down to a brisk walk .
tr	9	" We have to rebuild her , " he said .
tr	7	We made a over a dozen bounties in our year together .
tr	6	" Your men have full bellies , full pockets , and they just won a great victory .
tr	10	' Wait till I tell Gran about this ! '
tr	5	And just as predictably , in scant minutes he wound down .
tr	6	Up to that point , windows and the occasional lamp had lit our path .
tr	9	" If it is a greater power than that , our mission is in grave danger indeed . "
tr	8	Just believe in me , please . "
tr	8	They both leapt toward each other , coming right toward the Prince as if he wasn 't even there .
tr	7	Inside was his cache of emergency gear .
tr	7	It was his brother and two other people , a man and a woman .
tr	11	Nobody seemed to be in too much of a hurry .
tr	9	The wounded man looked at Sarah , his face contorted with loathing .
tr	5	The pieces all asunder The puzzle a scattered mess Your smile a fading memory Your love a broken test .
tr	10	There was nothing for him to look at anyway .
tr	11	" How are you going to get back to your father 's estate ? "
tr	10	asked Deepa , feeling uncomfortable that a stranger knew her .
tr	8	He was sounding excited now .
tr	7	Timothy looks up from the microscope , glances at the clock , and says , " Morning , Mom . "
tr	5	Mel , Trina , Kira , even Travis , just so I can breathe .
tr	7	Without another word , he tore at her skirt and he pressed a piece to her injured face .
tr	5	That 's a place ? "
tr	7	Gabe sits down next to me .
tr	10	But I did have a right to keep myself .
tr	6	He didn 't say anything .
tr	7	Guilt was etched across her face .
tr	11	Then I realized I needed to be careful .
tr	6	Her mouth spread , her yellow teeth showed and the bad lipstick job became more glaring .
tr	11	After their argument , she hadn 't told him what was happening anymore .
tr	8	" You know what this means , right ? "
tr	8	" She has no need of you ; my family has been hers these sixteen years . "
tr	10	We have our own warrior and our enemy has run like cowards from his wrath .
tr	11	" I do not understand why I had not thought of this before .
tr	7	That might be putting it lightly .
tr	7	Josie was pointing a pistol at him .
tr	7	" It 's morning ... " he pointed out , laughter in his voice .
tr	7	" You 've a fine animal there , where did you get him ? "
tr	6	All types could be found ... soups , meats , breads , vegetables , fruits , wines and ales .
tr	7	' I was admiring the view , ' I retorted drily in between coughs .
tr	8	" You are hurting me , " she coughed out , and the doctor grinned .
tr	10	My plan was simple , head to the console and nullify the threat , then arrest General Tani for interrogation .
tr	9	But , " she added , raising one finger , " it will be someone strict .
tr	9	I don 't think it 's sprained . "
tr	8	" Left gunner , fire when ready , " said Joshua .
tr	10	I don 't know what else to say , so I 'll just say , ' Thank you . ' "
tr	10	His men had been posted throughout the city to prevent marches .
tr	11	Then she started to get the hang of it and cleared it easily two times .
tr	9	Valerie switches off the channel with a flick of her wrist .
tr	8	" John , you first , " David said quietly , pushing the boy toward the window .
tr	8	Her eyes were beginning to swell .
tr	9	Gems on the grip would just be foolish -- your blade would twist and turn all over the place .
tr	7	He paid Miri her fee , mumbled his inadequate goodbyes , and herded the boy out onto the street .
tr	9	We climbed into a pair of vans and drove away from the estate .
tr	11	When he shared that thought with Dale , his art teacher smiled widely .
tr	6	The deafening noise of the semi-automatic filled the confined space .
tr	10	I married a man to get to America .
tr	5	After a pause , Col said , " Yes .
tr	7	I asked , " Just how much armament ? "
tr	9	And then the ground began to shake beneath their feet .
tr	7	Strands of hair stick to my face , and I tuck them back behind my ears .
tr	11	That was all he had to do .
tr	10	I lost nothing I regret losing .
tr	6	" Did you find anything else ? "
tr	8	Carlos said , offering the shirt to Mark .
tr	8	He was done playing around .
tr	10	Elaina found the darkness didn 't bother her with Cade beside her .
tr	10	' Sorry darling it 's tight across your chest .
tr	10	" Aha , " Barbara said , sitting back as if satisfied .
tr	9	It was a wonder this one was still intact .
tr	10	I only ask that you find me should anything suspicious occur . "
tr	9	Travel had not been as tiresome as in the previous days .
tr	9	Behind the counter were other glass cases that Chris assumed perhaps contained some of the rarer items .
tr	10	" They 're not due to activate for another twenty minutes .
tr	9	The random strangers trying to kill you , ' he muttered drily .
tr	5	Peaceful and quiet except for the sounds of their labor .
tr	8	Roberto swallowed at the lump in his throat .
tr	5	" But he ... he never mentioned you , not even once . "
tr	11	She glanced down at the screen momentarily and back up , " What are you sending me ? "
tr	8	" I spent the last three months in solitude for a variety of reasons .
tr	8	The Prince , seeing his opportunity , came forward as far as his bonds would allow .
tr	9	I was perplexed by Zeal 's presence in The Hub .
tr	7	Think of all we 'll miss , " I said finally .
tr	8	He reached for Lilly Ann 's hand and pressed it against his lips .
tr	10	Mine is to keep the dam alive and the electricity flowing as long as I can . "
tr	10	Secondly , Rick Wilkinson is on his own now in Nicaragua staying with Julio 's mother .
tr	6	" In Cochabamba the sniper could easily get away .
tr	9	Daniel heard was surprised by the words of her scream .
tr	6	" I cannot stand it anymore . "
tr	5	" No , sir , " the first mate answered .
tr	7	" I was just paying a visit , " he replied and took hold of her hand .
tr	9	" We 've got to have a party !
tr	11	We are leaving all the equipment behind and coming out to join you ladies .
tr	7	" You know , we 're lucky , " said the old man , suddenly opening his eyes .
tr	10	" The forecasters reckon this rain is here to stay .
tr	9	" I apologize for disturbing you , Doctor .
tr	11	Do you know what I mean ? "
tr	7	His mother brought the tea things into the lounge , and the family sat around the little coffee table .
tr	6	Topsy , the darker of the two , was older and sometimes too smart for comfort .
tr	6	Then I saw it through the falling snow .
tr	9	The wolves disappeared , and then , materializing like dust , there was one paralleling them on the skyline .
tr	8	My family moved to America after my mother died and I decided to stay . "
tr	6	" Simon is such a gentleman , " she said .
tr	10	" What happened when the Kings of Israel turned to evil ?
tr	10	Only by chance did Katherine catch sight of someone disappearing inside the house .
tr	8	" What have you been thinking of all this while ? "
tr	7	Miriam cleared her throat , and the guard looked at her .
tr	10	He needed to continue ignoring it .
tr	8	" Not for these children , " she chuckles , ignoring their surroundings while feeding Rift directions .
tr	7	It 's all her influence of course .
tr	8	We tried but came up about fifteen feet short .
tr	7	She turned her back on him and disappeared down the stone staircase .
tr	10	Quickly , she rushed on , trying to repair the damage .
tr	11	I thought I heard " I 'm sorry " in my head .
tr	8	He stepped quickly inside the man 's reach , grabbed his wrists , and broke them with two sharp blows .
tr	9	When he met my mother he thought he was too old for her .
tr	9	A man in all black stepped forward and grabbed him around the neck with one enormous hand .
tr	8	I had to do something quickly .
tr	11	He 'd hardly been born when the last comet was truly visible in the sky .
tr	9	" So what if it does work and you travel back to that bloke on the island ?
tr	8	From the way he took care of his primitive axe , she could make a good guess .
tr	8	" Of course , they 're friendly to other kids , but they don 't like adults .
tr	7	he asked , " Let 's have our picnic there . "
tr	9	And when that happened to me I found myself being revered like something from childhood tales .
tr	6	So where are you from Tony ? "
tr	11	I had nothing to drink or eat for the whole day , " she asked , annoyed , forgetting her manners .
tr	8	At the bottom of the gorge he could see something blue and , nearby , something red .
tr	11	She rolls onto her stomach and spits blood from her mouth , tears streaming down her face .
tr	6	' Yes , ' came the reply from the Bastian tech .
tr	8	" One more topic , since we 're running out of time , " said Tim hurriedly .
tr	10	He was more excited about the lifestyle of a sailor , exploring new countries , loving the openness of the seas .
tr	6	She closed her eyes and sighed , then straightened her shoulders and locked the door .
tr	8	There was nothing for Chris to do but wink and smile back .
tr	8	" He is a great man and father , and a great husband to my mother .
tr	9	" She must leave to eat and drink , " he said helplessly .
tr	7	Rafe scowled and turned back to his task .
tr	11	It wasn 't quite the progress she 'd hoped for , but it was a start .
tr	7	They were trampling Betta 's garden .
tr	5	Unlike American or European trains , the portal was not alarmed or locked .
tr	9	" Nice place you have here , " I said to my passengers .
tr	7	Even Phillip had grabbed the fallen Courtier 's knife in the fracas .
tr	7	It slid into the empty holster on Ted 's belt effortlessly , like a hand into a glove .
tr	6	" Did the horse have any unusual behaviors , " I said , " any quirks , weird habits ? "
tr	6	The robin fluttered away nervously and Adele laughed .
tr	9	" I will prepare myself to go , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	10	She did want to stay .
tr	7	Yet even this visual feast could not distract him from Gunnar .
tr	9	' They were very interested in the amount of empty shells and blood found at the scenes , though . '
tr	6	No , the child must survive the full seven days .
tr	6	From the conning tower , Wolff and Richter surveyed the headland through binoculars .
tr	8	He refuses to replace me .
tr	8	" You need to remember your place .
tr	9	Llama looked around the tiny patrol base until he spotted Sergeant Shock and then waved him over .
tr	7	The large and odd-looking satellite was floating in formation off their starboard bow .
tr	9	Together they would smash up the dishes , break toys and make the most awful mess in the house .
tr	10	Gon na try to nap .
tr	9	It had been a cold afternoon and the evening promised to be much colder .
tr	7	Harry chucked the first aid kit up the slope , then grabbed his gun case with both hands .
tr	10	Despite the cold , the men were sweating as they manhandled the sleds up the hill .
tr	11	" Who do you think you are talking to anyway , ape boy ? "
tr	5	At least it wasn 't zebra striped .
tr	11	As much as the thought of his condition pained him , he was not going to ruin this game for her .
tr	9	A curl of steam emerged along with the rich smell of beef , and herbs , and sherry .
tr	10	The reviews had suggested the town hostel was cleaner and had more facilities .
tr	6	He was a youngster , not much younger than the kid here , about twenty-five .
tr	6	" Have you ever noticed the silver circles on the cliff over here ?
tr	5	" ... no , that won 't work . "
tr	9	Oh , so it 's like that , is it ?
tr	6	" What if he 's in the room ? "
tr	11	That 's how it 's supposed to work .
tr	6	Why wouldn 't he believe me ?
tr	10	But I had to make him believe me .
tr	6	She hid her pistol and knife in her trunk .
tr	9	" We did not know you had a. . .
tr	11	Calvin detected a new level of pride emanating from Richard 's wordless glance .
tr	7	The Captain touched his ear bud and listened intently for a few seconds .
tr	9	You know , " she smiled sweetly at him , " the manly things . "
tr	11	" What sort of old man could allow himself to fire harmful rays at children ? "
tr	11	Jeff followed suit and managed to light his own pipe without choking .
tr	9	Nobody spoke , anticipating the details of his photography session .
tr	6	" This is Major Campbell ... " the voice said .
tr	10	They produce the finest gold , ore and gems of any of the surrounding kingdoms . "
tr	8	Ted hefted the ax and took a couple of mock practice swings .
tr	5	But I have an idea .
tr	8	He , as a young brave , had been hit with a hatchet .
tr	8	It might make your task easier , " instructed Lord Brogan .
tr	8	They were not careful when they entered the forest .
tr	7	Apparently not all the rest of my pilots were tucked up in bed .
tr	6	Before the jump , Ted had his doubts , but he needn 't have .
tr	6	But they also include common experiences , especially as our nations took their initial steps across this continent .
tr	8	The rain tapered off as he approached the Haymarket exit .
tr	10	" I got that part , but what did you say after that ? "
tr	6	Now that space was empty ... ... .
tr	9	" You know what I mean , Virgie , " Cantwell said .
tr	8	It had probably been a seasonal hunting cabin at one point .
tr	7	Sudden motion just out of her sight , swift and smooth , set off alarms in her head .
tr	11	Do you want to try ? "
tr	10	He had been so close to losing her .
tr	11	Chase wiped her tears that began to fall .
tr	6	" Thank you , Mr. Jones ; you have just earned your first flight pay .
tr	10	I 've got some paperwork to catch up on . "
tr	10	You either won or you lost , the other guy lying on the canvas bloodied and beaten .
tr	6	Her dress almost seared his eyelids with its brightness .
tr	8	Enrico was back in minutes with her nightgown .
tr	6	The buildings were broken , the corrugated iron roofs rusted , the brick walls crumbling .
tr	11	And with the economy the way it was , work was surely hard to find .
tr	6	" Yes , Mr. Harrison , I would appreciate your salve . "
tr	6	Mark shook his head from side to side .
tr	11	It was like a sick game the two played with each other night after night .
tr	9	The two double beds were separated by a pine table with a deer antler lamp .
tr	7	" Take care of her . "
tr	6	" Sunrise Air here , understood , " one of the technicians spoken to his headset .
tr	6	Not impatient , not short-tempered , not stubborn , not immature , not anything that was me .
tr	9	A caster can only gather what is available .
tr	9	Melody tried to call a warning , but it was too late .
tr	8	" I want to buy my own clothes .
tr	7	" Far as I know , they only do defense testing there .
tr	8	" We 'll be fine , " she said , not at all sure they would be .
tr	7	Ben 's friends clapped their hands in glee : " Brilliant ! "
tr	8	It will be painful for us both .
tr	5	His presence was secure and strong .
tr	5	The official , his bearing erect , gave the guard some stark orders .
tr	10	" The only thing that I do know is that I cannot have him as my advisor .
tr	9	" You know , they really do keep these offices a bit chilly in the summertime .
tr	6	He seemed surprised , and she released him hurriedly .
tr	8	" Once you 've fallen , and cannot protect your woman from my wrath . "
tr	5	" No , they 're inherently nicer , Johnny . "
tr	9	Upon seeing the Colonel the troops paused and saluted , to which he and his father responded .
tr	10	When she had gotten herself put back together , Melody started wandering back downtown .
tr	6	The jaws of the first dog narrowly missed my neck by an inch .
tr	9	" Was a queue but I send away , " she said to me .
tr	6	He smiled at her across the coffee table .
tr	8	" He 's far too little , and with that huge crest you 'll never fit a yoke around him ! "
tr	8	Now before you laugh , it 's not like this happens all the time .
tr	6	" And you must be the most delightful Mercedes . "
tr	6	" And what became of your horse ? "
tr	8	She stepped onto the first one without any hesitation , and Neil , feeling a bit ashamed , followed her carefully .
tr	9	A shiver tore through Claire , chilling her from the inside out .
tr	11	" I suppose it 's an end of term joke , hmm ?
tr	9	To keep out of our pursuers ' hands , we 'd need a line of credit and soon .
tr	11	I 'm surprised they haven 't tackled us already .
tr	6	Full forgiveness for all the chaos and destruction you wreaked on our fair city .
tr	9	" Are you fucking kidding me ?
tr	8	He and Megan had a math class together in the morning , but Megan was not quite done with her hair .
tr	8	" Go on , you take it , " he shot back , shoving the cup into her hands .
tr	5	At the word escape the little man stills and cocks his head .
tr	8	Do not touch them , or anything they carry .
tr	11	The house -- if you could call it that -- was small .
tr	8	Ted looked around furtively , apparently searching for an escape route .
tr	5	" Secretive and careful , " Mana said .
tr	9	" Father had to leave us at one stage .
tr	8	Anderson started to speak and Nathan just kept talking .
tr	10	I figure it might make the difference to us down the road .
tr	7	" The Spitfire was a famous British fighter plane from World War II . "
tr	9	I stared at the control panel at the side with a frown : I had never seen one like it before .
tr	10	Good thing I had the talent of hemorrhaging triumphant lies out from my cranium .
tr	8	No one got on the bus with her and there was no sudden activity in the traffic pattern .
tr	7	There was always something unusual going on around here .
tr	5	To much sun it 's not good . "
tr	8	But why all the coincidences that seemed to surround her everyday life .
tr	8	" It 's fine , Sky will be at school and Mum will pick her up .
tr	9	Seeing a gap ahead , she twisted the wheel hard to the left and skidded around a corner .
tr	6	At the center , stone benches rose in tiers like a mini Roman amphitheater .
tr	7	' This 'll be interesting , ' I said .
tr	9	Who knows but that -- " He glanced up quickly as a shadow fell across the couch .
tr	10	" We will leave as soon as you are ready . "
tr	7	She purred her satisfaction with that answer and snuggled up against him .
tr	10	Don 't want to talk to him .
tr	6	Adele 's smile was a little forced .
tr	9	I grabbed the friendliest looking one and went to find Heidi .
tr	5	" At the moment , " I said , " No . "
tr	9	She had the same unfathomable look in her eyes as she gazed at his disappearing figure .
tr	8	In a flash , the girl was on him , pinning him to the floor .
tr	7	It sat stark and quiet , back in a dark place away from the street lamps .
tr	5	Over the next five days , Matt and I spent every possible waking moment together .
tr	9	They sat there staring at each other for a few minutes , letting the moment sink in .
tr	9	But the Prince was certain there was something .
tr	11	Long ago , he 'd convinced himself it gave him time to think , to observe .
tr	7	Bringing the boat back around on course , his hands were still shaking from the near-death experience .
tr	9	" Lady Adele was not best pleased I take it ? "
tr	10	I just wish I knew why .
tr	9	I didn 't see anyone else in the ... wait a minute .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , I did , " he agreed .
tr	6	" Hurry up , go get ready , girls ! "
tr	9	" When we first met , you said Finn was a friendly name , " Rafe swallowed awkwardly .
tr	8	" Sorry about that , it happens with me from time to time .
tr	11	She knows many things she won 't say to me . "
tr	8	More like to take his revenge .
tr	8	Riesling let her pull it from his hands .
tr	5	" Well , Isaac , the other option isn 't so good .
tr	8	" Shut up Hunter or you 'll find your autographed baseball bat and ball in the dump . "
tr	7	After an instant 's hesitation , Miriam moved closer to Simon and gingerly put her head on his arm .
tr	10	He wasn 't sure of his age , but that detail wasn 't important ; he wanted to find something else .
tr	7	" Can you give us the answers to the clues ? "
tr	7	Ah , there is the cold pride of a king .
tr	5	Her little white teeth shone and the two front teeth had a tiny beautiful distance apart .
tr	9	In the church there appeared a table in the middle of the platform with chairs placed around it .
tr	9	He had to get going .
tr	5	But in her head there was a devious smile .
tr	10	" Are you going to school wearing that ? "
tr	10	Matter is an illusion created with large amounts of energy .
tr	7	You 'd be more comfortable and it would be more private .
tr	7	A lock of silver hair dislodged itself from an ornate clasp and fell across her eyes .
tr	9	† † † September 15 , 1621 Cisco was on the mast today .
tr	5	See ya , Suzie . "
tr	9	Do you want one ? "
tr	7	that 's what it does . "
tr	8	Seeing the worried eyes of his friend made him glance around .
tr	10	Her magnificent body seemed relaxed on the floor her beautiful face forever marred by the 9mm bullet .
tr	10	The lodge had two cooks who prepared all the meals for the guests in the lodge .
tr	11	The plants you see covering the walls and roof are three different types of hops .
tr	10	" About what is going to happen at the Judgment . "
tr	7	" Where , Timbuktu ? "
tr	7	Reggie took off his coat and opened his shoulder bag , pulling out a binder and notebook .
tr	6	" Good , " she said with a sly smile .
tr	8	Friends Review Friends ' Books If you enjoyed FALLING , please consider writing a review .
tr	8	I want you to be a kid .
tr	11	He had named many beings he met before in his life .
tr	5	With a sharp gesture , Count Lucien flicked away her false explanation .
tr	10	He turned to Elaina , waiting for her to decide .
tr	8	It also provided Candice with another opportunity to soak up the atmosphere .
tr	10	She didn 't know what to tell him .
tr	8	" Go ahead , " I tell Gabe as soon as the door closes .
tr	8	" Actually I believe it 's the other way around .
tr	10	Tell me what is happening at the station . "
tr	11	The thought that I will be abandon on the beach , scared me .
tr	11	In the darkness behind it , there was a tall , forbidding woman whose face was hidden in shadows .
tr	7	Heat wrapped around me , but the shivers came from deep inside .
tr	9	' How about by becoming my personal rotary wing pilot -- when can you start ? '
tr	5	or rather her mother 's heritage .
tr	5	That strange man always frightened me , though . "
tr	11	" Um ... " " Unless you want to carry on being me ? "
tr	9	Maggie immediately agreed ; the two women headed off with Ryan in the direction of Hangar Six .
tr	5	" Come in , Kira , " my father said .
tr	8	She had to go somewhere .
tr	6	" We cannot leave her here .
tr	8	She sat opposite David and George in an alcove in the snug .
tr	6	" Shut up , alright , " Josh defended , " I can get this ! "
tr	9	Her body slammed into the next tree trunk and she felt the bark graze her cheek .
tr	8	She caught the edge of my shirt , but gravity ripped it from her hands .
tr	10	Shame him as a dreamer , an incompetent , unworthy of dying for the new tribe .
tr	9	He blew some ashes off the pile of papers he held and brought them over to the desk .
tr	9	Supper was on the table and the cooking fire was beginning to wane .
tr	8	The clasp on one 's cloak gleamed in the sunlight , flashing in his eyes .
tr	11	And wouldn 't you know that jerk started shooting at me !
tr	10	Navi asks , her strange questions falling on deaf ears as her hero considers his options .
tr	10	I 've had to use it on a few occasions . '
tr	11	You can tell by the needle leaves and the smell , as well as the seeds they produce .
tr	6	In the growing light , Matthew received his first good look at their surroundings .
tr	9	He took a piece of metal and wielded it into shape in the fires of that little sun .
tr	7	" Ah , " Fritz shook his head , " I can 't tell you that .
tr	9	The group walked forward and waded into the pool at the mouth of the tunnel .
tr	7	At the bottom of the stairs , the Headmaster steered her to the left , down another narrow , dark passage .
tr	7	He slowly pulled the camera from his pocket and opened the baggie .
tr	11	That was the most pleasurable wonderful thing that has ever happened to me .
tr	7	Fate has brought me back .
tr	6	A grin spread across his face .
tr	6	In under a minute the group was up close and personal with the garage door .
tr	10	Glad he thought seeing ghosts was funny .
tr	10	" Just trying to adjust to island time , you know . "
tr	6	" What was so important ?
tr	6	Rick opened the door and quickly checked the two other rooms .
tr	6	That , an ' I only been on board the ship fer half a year . "
tr	7	He reached under his pillow for his Desert Eagle and then grabbed his bathrobe off the floor .
tr	7	He prepared poached eggs on toast , pan-fried mushrooms , cooked tomatoes , continental sausages , and freshly squeezed mango juice .
tr	7	At some point in their deteriorating condition , the victims become catatonic and then slip into a coma .
tr	5	Chapter Nineteen Above Calliope a sparking jump portal appears .
tr	8	' I 'll be waiting for your return . '
tr	7	' We 'll find them , ' said Reid behind me .
tr	11	Let me know exactly where you are now .
tr	8	" I don 't know what I am . "
tr	10	The infantry will be following in a couple of minutes .
tr	10	All I need to do is tell it when to engage and boom ! "
tr	6	No words were necessary between them , their understanding easy and complete .
tr	11	We have unfortunately been able to learn little about the WTR handler .
tr	7	Just being with me puts you in danger . "
tr	7	" Of course , if that is your wish . "
tr	6	" I have no bloody idea , " was the bewildered response .
tr	10	" Then how do we get it back , " Daniel asked .
tr	6	* * * Afterwards the girls waited for the lads at White City underground station .
tr	8	' You 're right , ' I stated , more to myself than to him .
tr	9	" Yin and the Wolves ; how did they resolve their differences ? "
tr	7	Throwing it in reverse , he immediately roared backward down the street toward Trae and Lena .
tr	10	He was smiling and the boys knew that they had completed their mission well .
tr	7	They always make a big deal about it in the movies . "
tr	7	Aboard were all the pilots , Captain Pitt the flight engineer , and Ryan , Suzi , Penny and VIN .
tr	8	She struggled to remove his wet boots .
tr	9	Connor was impressed that Kyiv still had functioning churches .
tr	6	This wasn 't his problem , and it wasn 't his fault .
tr	8	" Almost there , " I told my passengers to keep up their spirits .
tr	7	" But my pilot , Captain Weber knows this stretch of the Missouri like his own face .
tr	6	His blond hair , specifically the wispy hairs that always ran wild around his face .
tr	8	They could manage fewer and larger loans for greater return .
tr	10	he said , pulling the sheet off the rest of her body . .
tr	8	He went to the river and swam for a while .
tr	9	" We need to keep moving .
tr	7	Mark turned to Josie and helped her back to her feet .
tr	5	Like this place , not like a big city . "
tr	9	There was danger out there somewhere , and he had to find its path .
tr	8	Finally , they were both in the shade of a big oak .
tr	7	A gaggle of children clambered down from a coach nearby , making Claire jump .
tr	11	Mia was surprised that he wanted to leave .
tr	11	Although Nathan didn 't use the offered fuel to drive home , he hadn 't hesitated to use the telephone .
tr	8	" We 'll be ahead of you and beside you . "
tr	9	" Why doesn 't Christy have to take a bath ? "
tr	7	His elder son attended college , and his little stationery shop changed to a mainly communication shop .
tr	6	And check this out over here . "
tr	8	My throat ached but I held back the sob .
tr	6	" At least you said something right , " replied Jonesy to the colonel .
tr	7	" What did you say your name was ? "
tr	5	" Shoes untied , " Mr. Show Off muttered out .
tr	9	He was old and tired , but he had been in many battles and had taken many scalps .
tr	10	Melody would have to go with her gut .
tr	9	They are reflections in the Well of Fate .
tr	9	The nights are still and you can see every star in the firmament one by one .
tr	7	" Can I ask who you are ? "
tr	7	Bit too isolated for me ... ... but it has its uses . "
tr	8	" Can 't say I blame you .
tr	11	" I 'm going to look for a way out . "
tr	11	I did want to know that .
tr	5	" No , he only has my mobile number . "
tr	10	I don 't know what tickled you but it got me laughing too . '
tr	10	She does not hesitate like most of them do . "
tr	8	The General was studying a desktop screen , a huge projection screen didn 't have a back to it .
tr	11	' That 's right Sally , what do they do ? '
tr	9	" I 'll be there with your uncle before nightfall . "
tr	7	Peyton 's angry face flashed in my mind and my legs shook .
tr	10	I 'm offering you a chance to redeem yourself . "
tr	5	" Likely dead , " Mike said .
tr	8	Alejo grimaced at the back of the couch .
tr	9	There we were , chatting along , and they 're gone . "
tr	9	She sat up straight , lifting her leg over him and straddled him , cupping his face .
tr	11	Blake was a bad boy who rode into town on his motorcycle one day and set up a biker bar .
tr	9	The man looked at him and then at Pierre with beseeching eyes .
tr	6	Half an hour later , the door to the cell block opened again .
tr	6	" Open it and see . "
tr	5	" Because I told you to . "
tr	6	It was an ancient spell and the writings were nearly extinct .
tr	8	Having repaired the spleen and the transverse colon , the two moved onto the pancreas and left kidney .
tr	7	" Halfway down the trail to Hell , in a shady meadow green . .
tr	8	Just the opening I was looking for .
tr	11	He looked forward eagerly to being out of the trees .
tr	6	" I saw Alex last night , for the first time . "
tr	8	No one had done that before .
tr	10	' I think this leads to the cellar under the tavern , ' I said hesitantly .
tr	11	I 'm sure you will become good friends and everything will be fine . "
tr	9	Who wanted to kill me .
tr	6	Yes , it 's late , but , you know , it 's winter here , and it 's the weekend .
tr	8	' What 's going on here ?
tr	7	" Just like the skin on the chocolate pudding that mom makes for us .
tr	5	" A moment , Mr. Robinson , " Crabtree said .
tr	6	The Guards stormed the chapel , sent the distraught lass home and took Simon away . "
tr	6	Stalin swore under his breath across the table .
tr	9	The large room held at least thirty soldiers , airmen and sailors , feverishly working at computer consoles .
tr	7	For the sake of my people , and yours ... do this . "
tr	8	I could never make up things like that .
tr	8	There must be lines for a door or something ! "
tr	9	Pisces was now tied up to a wharf for the first time since leaving Key West .
tr	6	That year , thirteen people , including Joey Hamilton , enrolled in " Beginning Professional Wrestling " with Victor Blakey .
tr	11	" Don 't know if it 's been changed , " said Andy .
tr	8	Keeping his thoughts from wandering was next to impossible .
tr	6	The vehicles took off with the Arabs on their camels in the lead .
tr	10	Or maybe , they 'll forego the trial an ' just hang me .
tr	6	It is a party , I suppose , and after all that dancing , the beer is cool and refreshing .
tr	9	I 'm part of the Counter Terrorist Squad currently working out of Hereford .
tr	8	" It has to be done .
tr	10	Our reverie was broken as an employee rushed down the train 's corridor .
tr	6	Lord Brogan was thinking quickly .
tr	9	His voice was jocular but the words cut directly through to Claire 's groin .
tr	9	Although Anderson did not regret his actions , he knew this would not end well .
tr	6	Myers took off in a flash after the Sergeant Major .
tr	7	In his delirium , his world seemed to slow .
tr	8	' Well this uncle has a house in Enfield ... ' Raphael cut short his chit-chat with Grace .
tr	11	Remember don 't wait , take off if we can we 'll catch up with you . "
tr	8	The order to shut off her computer access had obviously not wound all the way through security yet .
tr	11	" And whose fault is that ?
tr	7	He 'd bought a second hand kayak and secreted it in the dense undergrowth close to the water .
tr	9	commented Deepa in an attempt to learn more .
tr	11	Because she hadn 't expected it to be here .
tr	9	The pair were just coming out of the store when the sheriff 's car pulled up .
tr	8	Raising my weapon , I pulled the trigger , shooting the pistol into the air .
tr	5	No , I 'm not , Seth thought .
tr	9	I have to get out of here .
tr	9	Look at what happened yesterday . "
tr	10	Jake looked at the mayor , who grinned nervously .
tr	11	I looked back over the road at the group of schoolgirls gathering around the bus stop .
tr	7	I was already discouraged , was no one really home ?
tr	6	Joshua was nervous , " And Billy , be careful . "
tr	10	We Werewolves might be big and mean but it doesn 't mean we 're stupid .
tr	11	Perhaps if she knows how to find them , they could help us .
tr	5	" Kenzie ... " " It 's fine , Ethan . "
tr	8	" But I ... " " I know what you want , Sarah , " Donovan said tiredly .
tr	6	At last , Daniel says , " Well , I 'm Irish , and we 're a crazy lot . "
tr	9	Maybe he didn 't have any more friends than she did .
tr	8	An hour ago , on a hunch , she had called him and asked for a favor .
tr	10	The moment that Ted was on the ground and immobilized , Joe immediately regained his composure .
tr	9	The white spirit that traveled the hills at night had more than taken its share of his troops .
tr	10	Everyone he 'd spoken to had alibis .
tr	10	The bullet took him square in the chest as he reached the bottom .
tr	8	The Captain took out his pistol and raised it to a crews ' forehead .
tr	7	They smiled , shook their heads , and continued on with their business .
tr	8	He was reluctant to say .
tr	7	She mumbled that last part under her breath , obviously cursing him .
tr	10	The Minister seemed to deliberate the question in his mind before answering .
tr	11	And who knows who they 'd get in our places ? "
tr	7	" I don 't like hittin ' ... , " Riordan said , pushing forward .
tr	11	You would have to stay at home all day .
tr	11	The governments of most countries subsidized private industry to distribute and maintain the units for everyone at minimal cost .
tr	8	" Park it fairy , " Ilia warns , her tone that of a wronged housewife .
tr	8	I passed through the doorway with Ra at my side and a thousand warriors behind me .
tr	9	" Isn 't this a little much for someone throwing rocks at the house ? "
tr	9	" T , " he turned to ask , " is that fifteen minutes missing from history altogether ? "
tr	10	Every sentence is made by editing together prerecorded footage from past shows . "
tr	9	Connor waited to hear a response from Maria .
tr	7	He pulled the chair out for me , and then took his place across from me .
tr	7	Tori went back to the crowd and she and Stacy sat on the bleachers .
tr	11	I 'm certain I heard a hint of annoyance in the Commander 's voice .
tr	10	" Clayton , it 's good to see you , " Destro said as he shook the offered hand .
tr	9	" Your colleague will arrive in 5 minutes and I don 't know where the sea port is . "
tr	10	I hope she doesn 't get them mixed up .
tr	10	" I 'm sure you know better than most , " Mana responded .
tr	7	The area beyond was dimly lit by several street lanterns , and down the way they could see the main gate .
tr	8	" You don 't want me as a friend , so you 're going to this school . "
tr	6	It was , all in all , a satisfactory solution .
tr	7	" I don 't know , man , " David said .
tr	9	The Prince didn 't know what to say .
tr	8	If he was defiling Mercedes , the king might be in either tower .
tr	8	It had gone from a greenish gray to a dark brown and black .
tr	10	Moments later , Dr. Warner watched as the heart began to slow .
tr	8	Ted 's hand instinctively slid down to the pocket where he carried his inhaler .
tr	8	Will it , " he starts , only just noticing the gradually building whirlwind behind him .
tr	7	' They 'll aim for the tires ! '
tr	9	Josie realized Mark was watching her .
tr	10	" But they 'll definitely kill anyone who finds out the truth .
tr	9	If it wasn 't for the cloud cover , I 'd have had a great view of the constellations .
tr	6	Some , like Tempest , became wolves , but others , like Saxon , didn 't .
tr	7	I turned and started swiftly down the steps .
tr	7	Until I figure things out .
tr	9	" Terry , have you checked our security systems recently , the alarms , the motion detectors , the infrared ? "
tr	5	" Yes , " she replied , " more than that .
tr	9	She continued to babble and punctuate the night with screams .
tr	10	He commanded , and the metal hissed as it burned into her skin .
tr	11	Smiles Kol looking at Curios who nods in agreement .
tr	7	He was proud of this woman .
tr	7	The mime I 'd seen on our date at the Parc des Buttes .
tr	7	For all of it , she stood like a queen behind a simple chair .
tr	11	It was a very good thing that they had come to this party .
tr	9	They won 't know until they do a biopsy . "
tr	5	" And for the one thousandth and first time , you 're forgiven . "
tr	8	So the court martial concentrated on his ' misappropriation of medical supplies ' instead .
tr	9	" We 'll leave it in the middle of the parking lot .
tr	11	Errol thought that he had to make a perfect project .
tr	5	This time , to my surprise , the witch cast her head downward .
tr	11	I don 't know what 's wrong with me .
tr	8	Calmly she answered , " Sister , I bring a message from my king for your leaders .
tr	8	That 's pretty amazing , if you ask me . "
tr	11	It was attached to what looked like padding .
tr	11	Let her know you 're okay . "
tr	11	Some of the enemy had heavier armour to defend against rifles and they fought the Humans .
tr	5	Six months after the lost heroin shipment , Mario and Romano resumed operations .
tr	10	The man began to relax , and the Prince was certain he had won .
tr	8	With the video in heavy rotation the band hardly needed commercial radio stations ' help spreading their music .
tr	5	Despite the blazing sun high overhead , the air still held a slight chill .
tr	10	He managed to push himself up on one arm , but he simply couldn 't hold his head up .
tr	8	Miriam could feel the bubble of laughter rise in her throat .
tr	11	However possible it is , there 's very little chance they 'll find us again .
tr	10	The cabin was too confining and small for her to breathe properly .
tr	8	This would be trickier than a one-man portal , I thought .
tr	10	He 's yesterday 's man , always going on about the club scene of the Eighties and Nineties .
tr	6	" A few power supplies , two DVD drives , an old graphics card , and a router .
tr	9	" You can stay all the way over on the other side of the blanket .
tr	6	' There 's no one there ... ' Duke took a deep breath .
tr	6	" Attention , all units , " the announcer states , his words slightly rushed but clear .
tr	7	" I 'd kiss you just the same . "
tr	5	Side chest , side triceps , rear double bicep , abdomen and thighs .
tr	9	Without waiting for another protest , we turned and began walking towards the exit .
tr	7	Harry had already disappeared into the underbrush .
tr	5	" But like any wild , uncaring beast , she threw it away .
tr	6	" Let 's just go upstairs , " he says , " before anyone else finds you here . "
tr	7	Finn looked at Sarah and smiled .
tr	8	Friday 18th May 1984 Around 10am the next morning Amy woke to the sound of voices outside Danny 's window .
tr	10	" We 'll get through this , just have to stay calm . "
tr	7	A spray of blood arcs across his long-sleeve shirt all the way up to his neck and jaw .
tr	9	" I see by your faces , gentleman , that our reputation precedes us , " I said .
tr	8	But being here , standing in its shadow and seeing it for himself , surpassed all words .
tr	7	Even you did it in the pouring rain and it was no big deal . "
tr	5	No movement , not even their breathing , was evident .
tr	7	All four heads seem to nod , but their eyes are empty and devoid of any emotion .
tr	7	With a sympathetic look on its wicked little face , the tiny , red beast patted the man on his shoulder .
tr	7	Go , and the stars guide you on your journey . "
tr	6	His mention of the imposter king was nearly too much .
tr	6	Voice # 1 : " Yes , they were clear .
tr	8	She nodded softly , numbness in her limbs .
tr	10	I used the time to slip my mask back on and flick out a Second Sun canister .
tr	11	I suppose you can still see a shadow of me .
tr	7	I collapsed in my tiny crater and rested .
tr	6	" Hot in there , " he states with a serious expression .
tr	9	Have to think about that .
tr	8	Still , small branches of the family existed , and these continued the mantle of wealth .
tr	8	" Ok mum " whispered Simon as he hugged his mother tightly .
tr	11	Do you remember doing that ? "
tr	9	Roberto almost had a heart attack when he saw her at first .
tr	8	He caught his lip between his teeth and looked over Claire 's shoulder .
tr	11	' What is an endoscopy ' Sasha asked , ' and why do I need an anaesthetist ? '
tr	10	They did their best to grip the side of the shuttle .
tr	6	We walked up and shook hands .
tr	9	" It was apparent a few hours after the surgery that the memory was working , " said Toby .
tr	7	He rose on one knee and fired two rounds at the opposite building .
tr	7	She barely noticed Leigh , her reddened eyes focused on some small object outside as she cried .
tr	5	Despite the wetness , warmth permeated the air .
tr	10	I twisted and rolled , my heartbeat steady and the bloodied blades dancing in my hands while bodies fell around me .
tr	8	Whom do I have to forgive ? "
tr	9	" Not to sound like a parrot but you do know how to change my mind . "
tr	5	" We could , " said Dunk , " but we won 't . "
tr	8	" Is it cold over there ? "
tr	8	Sarah felt the cold and the wet before she opened her eyes .
tr	8	The sunlight slanted through the trees like spotlights on a stage .
tr	8	When I spoke with him today , from three words , two were about you .
tr	8	He sat up and looked at Lilly Ann with one eyebrow raised .
tr	9	I 'd love to catch something .
tr	10	I patted his legs and up to his torso , then saw the dark red stain spreading through his shirt .
tr	6	Hilda glanced at him , seeing this affirmation , then eyed her sword .
tr	5	Pup , purse , her carry sack , Sam 's carry sack .
tr	7	" Not good , Peter , not good , " muttered Nora , shaking her head at him .
tr	9	He jumped onto one of the tables and let out a fierce whistle .
tr	9	" I guess it never came up , " Lilly Ann shrugged , " There was always something exciting going on .
tr	6	But look : once this plain was cultivated . "
tr	8	Nope , a crazy man would have let go .
tr	8	Time travel to earlier points in history is possible using black holes .
tr	7	His level of concern exceeded his level of responsibility towards Mike , his customer .
tr	11	I don 't think it was another camper in the campground .
tr	10	" It 's fair to killing me , you see . "
tr	7	Jeff , Jenny , and Crabtree lifted the kayak over the rail and dropped it into the churning water .
tr	5	" No , not yet , but - " Lori quickly cut her sister off .
tr	5	" Sorry , no , " she shook her head .
tr	10	Callum had heard stories from some of Lance 's other employees .
tr	9	I am going to miss you .
tr	9	Carefully , he closed the cylinder until the latch clicked back into place .
tr	10	' Hmm , does that remind you of anyone else ? '
tr	10	I 've got new intro music ; should get people 's attention . '
tr	5	Hey , stork , what long skinny legs you have .
tr	10	" And this all has something to do with me ? "
tr	9	A woman has slighted me ... killed my husband ... killed my dear friend and musician .
tr	5	" Well , as long as the threat 's gone .
tr	11	This was powerful stuff and when put to full effect was devastating .
tr	10	Think you can help me ? "
tr	6	The beggars and widows in the streets became different , more important .
tr	9	" I agree , General , we should work together on behalf of our governments .
tr	6	" Not your fault , " she stammered , and she meant it .
tr	11	" Go to the truck Doug , " he told the man who was staring at the bear .
tr	8	" No , " Taylor joked , " this game is for fallen pilots only .
tr	11	he straightened at the door of the tent , the warmth of the summer morning sneaking past him .
tr	6	From the camping section , they took every canvas tarp in the place .
tr	11	But , just went I got to her , she left .
tr	10	It took me longer than that but not by much .
tr	9	" Do you believe I 'm acting alone ?
tr	8	They have severed their ties with you , regardless of your wishes .
tr	8	As tree branches rubbed against her bruised arm , there was a moan or at least a cringe .
tr	9	" Not anyone who knows about this stuff .
tr	5	" Very good , " said Anderson , satisfied .
tr	8	The assassin danced back , easily avoiding the blade , and Rupert felt the world tilt around him again .
tr	6	" The green eyed dragon , " he continued , " was the next most powerful .
tr	9	These magnetic shoes nearly caused me to head butt the wall , " Jonesy said .
tr	8	Flipping her long brown braid back over her shoulder , she studied the situation in front of her .
tr	9	There was nothing left to do but return home .
tr	9	They walked down a long hallway in the southwest wing of the house .
tr	10	Learn to live with the new reality and your life will be better for it . "
tr	6	" Good evening , my son , " the man in the robes began .
tr	10	How stupid could she be that she had believed his lies !
tr	7	" Good evening , I 'm Jon , " he said politely breaking the ice .
tr	5	" Nothing serious , Lora , " happily replied her visitor , grinning .
tr	7	The sooner the invaders were thrown out , the sooner he and his great-grandfather could return home .
tr	6	* * * Katherine and Amy packed their bags and John secured his yacht .
tr	7	I hit the ground and curl my legs into my chest .
tr	6	Given our speed , it was probably for the best .
tr	7	We mustn 't think about that . "
tr	8	Her smile faded away , however , as the screams stopped and there was complete silence .
tr	8	I have never met a musician of normal disposition .
tr	7	Hunger dropped back into his seat and cranked the engine .
tr	9	Nicola recognised the look and pointed his teacher in the direction of the garage .
tr	8	' I thought you might know .
tr	10	I do know what I 'm talking about , but I would give anything not to know .
tr	7	I rub her butt cheeks with my hands and pull down her skirt , then her thong .
tr	6	Alejo closed his eyes , then looked away .
tr	11	Look at him pretending to be asleep . "
tr	9	The emulator had taken more than a month to program and required a bank of quantum processors .
tr	5	Well , maybe some people can , but not him .
tr	6	Long before they did , Mal had already decided two things .
tr	11	' We could blast our way through , ' I said , turning to look at the others .
tr	8	There is something wrong with his aura .
tr	8	But Barney didn 't allow it to linger .
tr	5	Yes , at the moment , lying was her best friend .
tr	8	That was all the answer she needed .
tr	8	As if he can read my mind , Gabe 's face turns serious .
tr	9	The matched quiver hung from her belt beside a knife sheathed in simple , supple leather .
tr	6	For a laboratory , I mean , and the silence was pretty noticeable , too .
tr	11	" Is there supposed to be one on this side too ?
tr	9	" Yeah , okay , " he said , leading the way down the hill to the paddock .
tr	6	Tears ran down his face , and silent sobs wracked his body .
tr	8	" When I was in distress I convinced the men to bring me here .
tr	10	It was late afternoon the ribs were done , and everyone had a plate .
tr	7	" I can 't say the same , " Brand said .
tr	10	She nodded in return and tried not to clash her paddle against his .
tr	6	And another thing , slag , keep your dirty , dirty , whorish hands off Lady Dagmar .
tr	9	Then she turned to the west to find the huge Hag 's home .
tr	10	Even the slightest mistake could mean never seeing the wondrous palace he dreamed of .
tr	10	" Have either of you seen Black Hawk Down ? "
tr	6	The blares of car horns carried on the wind from the distant toll bridge .
tr	9	All visitors have to sign in and sign a waiver .
tr	9	Later when the entire basement got burned down I thought it was the end .
tr	9	Katherine remembered from Calvin 's letters that Little Spirit had played there .
tr	11	I sighted again , thinking that I never traveled with a ship before .
tr	9	Connor 's mind was once again tickled by the soft slinky tail of the cat .
tr	6	That he was , in effect , the spymaster of what remained of the entire Realm .
tr	8	" I can 't believe you lost ! "
tr	9	My sisters rushed me , clinging to my frame while my mother smiled .
tr	10	I should have waited until it was calmer .
tr	9	The darkness was complete , now , and Gunnar wanted to go home .
tr	11	Before the Bastian noble could explode in a fury of angry words , I spoke quietly .
tr	7	Edie May 's remedy had obviously worked a genuine miracle on him .
tr	5	All the bankruptcy stories , all the bank failures , all the big oceanic luxury cruisers crashing ?
tr	6	" The scouts aren 't certain , my Lord , " the man said with a grimace .
tr	11	A man who panicked while holding a live grenade could kill his comrades .
tr	6	A year ago a gentleman stopped by the box office with a unique request .
tr	5	Patty , your grandmother , and David , your uncle , and his wife Rachel and the kids Mitchell and Hannah .
tr	8	" He was an evil man , and the bomb was meant for him . "
tr	6	" It 's not so old , Mom , " he objected sullenly .
tr	8	And when Nina put on her warm cardigan she found the two gold rings in her pocket .
tr	8	Zelda cannot help but ask as he approaches .
tr	10	" I remember now why I stopped riding horses .
tr	11	" Any creature which relies on circulation for life , yes . "
tr	11	You can be sure it won 't happen again . "
tr	5	No more cocoa and marmalade pudding after hours , she thought .
tr	8	" That 's coming from the south slopes , " she said in a low voice .
tr	9	" Anyway , most of the houses I searched had completely exhausted food supplies .
tr	6	" Stop them , " the old man 's voice hissed panic into me .
tr	9	I think commitment from investors can help us tremendously . "
tr	11	I was going to have Kira call you .
tr	8	" Cor , she 's got a pistol , Dad .
tr	9	Harmless to those who stay behaved . "
tr	7	" Not one step closer until you answer . "
tr	8	He needed to be prepared .
tr	10	Calvin and Katherine got out leaving Barbara to pay the driver .
tr	8	Who would ask for more ?
tr	9	It was certainly the book that they were looking for .
tr	7	Paris spread out before me with its stone buildings , lush gardens , and the Eiffel in the distance .
tr	10	As a 16 year old , Simon enjoyed being considerably taller than most other boys of his age .
tr	8	He motioned for her to follow , tapping his wristwatch .
tr	8	At that same moment , a heavy mist began washing up over the boat .
tr	8	Overall , the general feeling in the air was one of hope , confidence , and satisfaction .
tr	10	" We need to find Akers , of course . "
tr	9	A short log lay on the ground parallel to the rock face with several assorted sized cans resting on top .
tr	5	At the bar Elaine handed her an erupting champagne flute .
tr	10	He turned to Raphael who stared forward wide-eyed .
tr	10	And cavemen and -- " Christy butted in , " You should have seen some of these creatures Rick .
tr	8	At the end of their twenty minute set each audience member had received personal acknowledgement from each band member .
tr	7	Let 's find some soup , and I 'll rouse the house .
tr	6	" He 's not very nice , " said the boy finally , " your Captain . "
tr	10	It would be years before he would learn the truth .
tr	9	I was struck by a wave of guilt .
tr	6	For the next ten minutes , we worked in silence .
tr	8	Thirty of these cakes fit into each side and the combustion chambers before they were closed and sealed .
tr	7	He took off his jacket and laid it by his side .
tr	10	I almost cried when I saw the mounds of ground beef on the tray .
tr	6	I never really thought about it .
tr	10	I believe he is responsible for that .
tr	10	Bethan gazed at her expectantly and Claire realised she hadn 't answered the question .
tr	5	" They passed this way not long ago . "
tr	9	They listened carefully but the footsteps were headed to the kitchen and then out the front door .
tr	9	The super-powered stranger looked like he was in his 30s .
tr	7	I ducked , twisted on one heel and kicked out .
tr	9	Atticus had one of their helmets in his hand and tossed it towards the front of the trunk .
tr	8	Right of the moon and down a bit ? "
tr	9	He looked pale but otherwise seemed to be his normal self .
tr	9	Freedom as an ideal might be worth death to achieve .
tr	8	There were several police and two para medics close to the bunker .
tr	9	As the pudding cools a hardened skin forms and cracks on the top while the hot stuff stays runny below . "
tr	7	So this was more like war , and the best village won .
tr	10	The light also revealed the dozens of figures closing in on us .
tr	5	Red , green , blue , thin , sheepskin , ribbed , large , medium , scented .
tr	10	But Mum says it keeps him happy and out of her hair . "
tr	11	You 're supposed to stop loving me . "
tr	10	She stepped away from her parents with anger still visible on her face .
tr	10	Don 't want to get in between this one . "
tr	6	Never forget , " he declares , his appearance all but faded completely .
tr	7	Rick thought for a moment , he was tired and hungry as well .
tr	8	" I go by the dreaded name of Mrs. Go Fuck Yourself .
tr	10	Oh Sky , I 'm glad you didn 't see that .
tr	8	The following day he paid off the two Irishmen promising them more work the following month .
tr	10	" Girlie , looks like you 're shooting blanks , " Mr. Show Off said .
tr	7	They could finish each other 's sentences .
tr	7	The fuel is expended and at the correct altitude the hybrid engines run out of fuel .
tr	10	She seemed to be lost in thoughts .
tr	11	Her final target was a second floor window , which was open to the summer breeze .
tr	11	It was an act of mercy that earned him sainthood .
tr	7	But besides Melody , his brother Francis also wanted him to leave .
tr	9	Have you been smoking it since we left you this morning ?
tr	9	Now I have to go to bed . "
tr	8	It would end his plans , and his career , and most probably his life .
tr	9	" No Connor , he is secretary of media relations for Ukrainian government . "
tr	5	' Apart from that , yes , today went extremely well .
tr	7	John came to the breakfast table and sat down .
tr	11	I pulled him back to me , needing to feel him against me .
tr	10	Neil felt he would choke with rage .
tr	10	Ezra did the only thing she could think of .
tr	8	The one on his right bent down to his ear , " Good evening John , how are you ?
tr	6	Then you go do that .
tr	10	What force was there that could be greater than love ?
tr	9	Do you think so ? "
tr	9	" So , maybe the killers were someone who knew the dogs ? "
tr	7	Why must you screech my name like that ? "
tr	11	" Do you think this is real ? "
tr	10	" In a little over two hours , this bomb is going to detonate in downtown Moscow .
tr	8	Reid stared from the chaos behind us to me .
tr	11	he blurted out when Taylor told him the outcome of his latest petition .
tr	7	Zoning out the muted grumbling from below , Claire sunk her head back into the pillow and closed her eyes .
tr	8	And though he 'd said those things , he didn 't believe any of them .
tr	6	Men , on the other hand , wore button-up shirts and belted slacks in varying hues .
tr	10	I can 't get into any of this woman 's background .
tr	10	They took turns washing up .
tr	9	Someone will have to drive me . "
tr	8	That 's what you call ... " He looked out the window as if looking for the word out there .
tr	6	A golden wolf seated amongst the debris stares at him with its single red eye .
tr	7	Victor 's bodyguard and the driver of the Skoda came into view .
tr	10	Now she would refuse , go away , and leave him in peace to finish his coffee .
tr	10	What do parents do when they have more than one child ?
tr	9	You are guilty of supplying drugs .
tr	7	And when you 're finished , you may go off on your own for a bit .
tr	7	Charger followed and soon both horses were out of sight .
tr	11	Their lights were tangled against each other in a playful twist of fate .
tr	11	" Sampson wants the dam , and he 's looking for a pretext to take it , " said Harold .
tr	9	" Diet Pepsi if you 've got it . "
tr	8	She headed off the path and down into the stony hills .
tr	6	" Team members will consist of : Rachel , Gordon , Greg , Luther , and Ty . "
tr	9	Then Ben decided to take the bull by the horns .
tr	7	Simon jumped out of the car and ran to the front door .
tr	8	You don 't know me -- the real me , anyway !
tr	6	The old man 's disgusted look on his face only got worse .
tr	7	" To be excused , " Riki repeated automatically .
tr	11	I had never met him , how was I to know ? "
tr	7	Reid switched the engine on , pulled out of the parking bay and headed for the river .
tr	5	The fat man , at least , followed the rules .
tr	8	But one day , someone noticed they hardly ever did that .
tr	9	I did not think you were home .
tr	10	She showed me a positive pregnancy test which she found by accident .
tr	9	Because this is where you entered .
tr	10	To reach the bottom they had yet to negotiate a field of huge lumps .
tr	8	" I loved the idea of you : Josh the adventurer , Josh the husband and father .
tr	10	I once thought you were a brave man ... but now you hid from ghosts and abandoned your post . "
tr	9	Her eyes widened when the Cyclops had been awakened .
tr	10	Ashwin believed he was ready for this .
tr	10	A bit perplexed I asked , " Uh , what are you doing ? "
tr	7	Probably the same way he would .
tr	7	" She has no need of your comfort ! "
tr	6	She pulled another page out of the stack .
tr	9	" How do you mean to seek him ? "
tr	7	Keeping an eye on the only entrance , I stood and waited .
tr	7	" Don 't worry , we 'll get ' err " replied a third .
tr	10	When she asked what he was thinking , he just smiled and said it was a long story .
tr	6	' Is this normal behaviour for Professor Godard ? '
tr	6	Bane and I exchanged phone numbers , and then we all went our separate ways .
tr	11	She tried not to think of Wolf Eyes because it was too painful .
tr	10	Remind me , Penny , I got ta ban any Sinatra on the next trip .
tr	7	" I had a little problem ... " " Goddamn it , Mason !
tr	5	He quickly responds , " That obvious , huh ? "
tr	6	Tourists passed me in a blur .
tr	10	Who would dare to treat a woman in such a way ! "
tr	7	We left silently and exited the building through the rear door .
tr	10	Falconer said , " I promise not to do it often .
tr	10	He met her eyes over the table and walked back over to where Gavin was sitting .
tr	9	Given us time to grow .
tr	6	" The guy might be trigger happy . "
tr	6	Then , just like the previous two times , it tilts back its head and shouts , " No ! "
tr	6	Then , her face lights up and she says , " Stupid . "
tr	6	Yes , definitely , yes - His hands squeezed her thighs , then shoved them even farther apart .
tr	8	I 'll be as quick as I can . "
tr	11	It sounded , as Manuel had noticed before , like a wet dog shaking .
tr	9	Tarleton paused , unsure what to do .
tr	10	As long I was a ghost for the rest of the world , so much the better .
tr	7	They didn 't know his real name , but they knew him well as a cocky , mischievous fellow .
tr	8	5 out of 5 stars " Wonderful , engaging story " " Wonderful , engaging story by a talented writer .
tr	7	She started to rise , still weak and awkward , and Neela pulled her back down easily .
tr	7	From the Caliph 's court ? "
tr	7	She was waiting for him at the counter .
tr	5	Simple , isn 't it ? "
tr	10	" You stay here until I signal for you , " said Nathan to Bethany .
tr	8	It 's all over now , she thought .
tr	5	" Except this one 's alive and well . "
tr	8	I 'd left Danton one phase earlier .
tr	7	I blinked sweat and blood from my eyes , engaged the transmission , grabbed the wheel and floored the accelerator .
tr	9	I expect the weather conditions will become rather unfavorable . "
tr	7	There were cars from other European and British makers with very conservative sheet metal and paint .
tr	5	" He 's still alive ! "
tr	11	" We followed the trail for another day until we came to the base of the mountain .
tr	5	and of course he has you now .
tr	6	Often , too , Ransom 's own contributions to the terrible debate were for the moment successful .
tr	8	I looked up at Atticus with unrefined hatred in my eyes .
tr	11	The whole idea of putting her in danger among the other pirates made his palms sweaty .
tr	11	I thought you said your name was Mark ? "
tr	7	I know I have . "
tr	7	and he pulled a long chain from under his shirt , revealing a small brass key .
tr	7	" We need that iron ore , it 's our primary trade commodity with the Mennonites for finished goods .
tr	8	There were no German uniforms in sight , and the café was busier today than yesterday .
tr	9	It has to do with her .
tr	10	They will think you are rubbish too .
tr	5	" Friend or Foe ID is up and running , Sir . "
tr	11	He also wanted to protect the secrecy of the assault team 's position until the last minute .
tr	9	Proceeding through the door reveals a mighty spire , the continual staircase rounding the walls , but broken in several sections .
tr	8	Here everyone could do whatever they pleased .
tr	5	" Ah , the trouble with all youth , I 'm afraid .
tr	10	He was forcibly pushed into the back of an arrest vehicle and driven off .
tr	8	The next few days continued much the same , with barely any conversation on any of their parts .
tr	8	Valerie happily spins on her heel and confidently strides toward the exit .
tr	8	As soon as the bodyguard had gone , the boss literally showered the two sisters with compliments .
tr	9	A group of children , maybe four or five years of age had spotted Taylor .
tr	5	" As long as it 's my lucky day too . "
tr	6	Ted recognized this statue as the hood ornament from a Rolls Royce .
tr	8	" You 've seen my wife 's earring many times , man .
tr	8	I 'm sitting on my bed , hands pressed firmly against the comforter .
tr	6	" Okay , and what was your name again , " asks Mrs. Snow .
tr	10	She caught her breath and for a moment she thought the poor man on the ground was David , too .
tr	6	The last bell rang , and all around them , visitor and prisoners got up and said their goodbyes .
tr	9	She directed , " We keep going down ; the other path dead-ends .
tr	8	As the hawk screeched in the morning mist he caught scent of an enemy .
tr	6	' No doubt they 'll call us in . '
tr	5	A few feet away , Sage and the assassins fought on .
tr	5	" He hated ' the mission . " '
tr	9	I don 't even know where she lives , " she replied angrily .
tr	10	The skeletal fingers tear at his flesh as he reaches out for Rho 's hand .
tr	10	Everyone heard the water rushing out the other side of the dam and looked at each other expectantly .
tr	11	After a time , he grows irritated by the lack of results , pausing to rest for a moment .
tr	7	They could sense the Elements , animals could , and it made them nervous .
tr	6	That changes everything then , doesn 't it , " Aquitaine murmured , his tone dry .
tr	6	" Uh-huh , Mr. Simpson , they 're right here . "
tr	7	He was no match for the both of us .
tr	8	The ghost offers , grinning at the confused face before him .
tr	8	He hung up the phone and sat there nursing his tea .
tr	8	She tried to remain calm .
tr	9	Ted thought he must be hallucinating .
tr	9	Those that were still on their feet , seemed truly shell-shocked .
tr	8	I would also appreciate you either e-mailing or faxing the report itself .
tr	7	Perhaps there is a future for you after all .
tr	10	My husband said we had to hide .
tr	7	" Whatever else they are , they 're bloody good , and you 'd best remember that sir .
tr	7	They looked at each other and laughed .
tr	8	Words thickened on her tongue , " My only memories are Church .
tr	8	And that we 've been around since well before that time ? '
tr	10	" Can you keep it safe with Mommy 's locket ? "
tr	6	I won 't let you fall . "
tr	6	' I need some passports for him , amongst other things . '
tr	6	He opened the door and looked up .
tr	7	The Wise Old Man switched on the screen and it came to life .
tr	9	The noise level increased ... . .
tr	9	She was going to hit something .
tr	5	No magic , no flying , no secrets ... just toenails and bogeys .
tr	7	" You lucky , lovable fool ! "
tr	9	Besides , the friendly neighbourhood watch might call the cops on us if we hang around much longer . '
tr	9	The girl seemed confused , " Well , if you 're rich , yes .
tr	8	grinned Rafe ruefully , stirring the fire with a stick .
tr	11	She eventually looked away and gave up hoping he 'd answer .
tr	9	Jimmy was first to finally break the silence .
tr	11	" Okay run a search for Bob Simpson with Industrial Products in Dallas . "
tr	6	Maru once again turned his sharp eyes away from the room to the surrounding estate .
tr	7	" It 's a plan boss , the boys would like that , " George thought about the ' boys . '
tr	9	There are others in the motel with different auras .
tr	8	Josh spoke the words as if they pained him .
tr	6	" A sign for what ? "
tr	10	She needs to start fighting back .
tr	10	We would take off our shoes and socks , and start climbing those holy trees with our bare feet .
tr	8	I took a seat on his bed , looking at him with a serious face .
tr	7	Only the hardiest of plants grew upon the rim where Daniel sat .
tr	9	Anyone who receives a gift feels obliged to reciprocate that kindness . '
tr	10	The ax faltered as if it were suddenly unsure of itself .
tr	8	He was no less a prisoner -- or product -- than she .
tr	8	Lieutenant , both your legs have been amputated just above the knee .
tr	11	Adele 's voice was faintly questioning as though asking whether Eda concurred .
tr	8	There is some danger you know . "
tr	10	Nathan looked out over what had once been beautiful Kentucky Lake .
tr	6	" The emergency escape vehicle , Sanctuary , is still fully equipped and maintained .
tr	7	He looked up , a smile on his face .
tr	6	" Alfred really creeps me out , " said Victoria .
tr	7	When I didn 't answer , he said " Nathaniel . "
tr	5	At the same time , we both breathed , " Yes . "
tr	11	This is the time we will explode the device and " destroy " our first attempt .
tr	6	" 007 , is William still off the backbone ? "
tr	7	Gabe smirks and looks up to his brother .
tr	11	What we don 't want to sell are mixed drinks with lots of fillers in them .
tr	9	Neela was nervous by then , trying to manage a polite departure .
tr	10	" Colonel - we need to work this out , " Campbell said .
tr	9	What the hell were you expecting me to blow up ?
tr	8	She gathered up the dogs in her arms and spoke to John .
tr	8	He caught sight of the boy , smiled broadly and bowed five or six times . "
tr	6	" Greetings , advisory council , " a voice , strong and confident yet smooth , sounded from the apparition .
tr	9	Do you believe that ? "
tr	11	" Okay , that 's being a little dramatic , don 't you think ? "
tr	7	As quick as he could , he pushed himself up , shook his head , straightened , and gave a cough .
tr	7	I watch the delicate shades of blue pulse around him .
tr	8	* * * Coming through the flat 's door to the ringing phone Calvin made a dash grabbing it .
tr	8	He gestured towards the kitchen and the back garden , and she shook her head slightly .
tr	10	Dave and Rob heard the girl 's commands and thought that they would just stay hidden .
tr	10	" Dr. Colbert , I believe you 've already made that point , " said Tudor .
tr	5	' Slasher 's a real artist ... ' ' Like Picasso . '
tr	11	I don 't want Carl making me come straight back .
tr	9	It had been the exact right thing to say .
tr	7	He picked up the basin and blanket and returned to the cabin .
tr	5	The human 's military ships displayed a little creativity .
tr	11	He reaches out to grab a hand full of Yeoman Peters ' ass .
tr	10	Do you have sunscreen on ? "
tr	8	He had remained curiously silent during the ranger 's explanation .
tr	9	" Got to get studying . "
tr	7	Full of contempt , he adopted a neutral facial expression and avoided eye contact .
tr	9	Dozens of men wearing bandanas on their faces or hats pulled low swarmed down on the unarmed man .
tr	9	To be loyal to them , this deception was necessary .
tr	7	" If the crystal is so valuable , why is it here ? "
tr	6	" Damn it , I fought just as hard as my brothers in the war . "
tr	9	My feet ached but I dove into the nearest bush .
tr	7	She marched to the bunk and slumped onto the bed like a pouting child .
tr	9	Flaherty nodded as he dug into his breakfast .
tr	10	I let it go to voicemail .
tr	8	The stranger 's were green and black , with the green being a deep , emerald hue .
tr	6	" What do you mean ' a welcoming party ' ? "
tr	7	Mom only told me the week before she died .
tr	10	Neil moved forward to take the cup of tea .
tr	5	" Bad guys beat us here , fellas ! "
tr	9	This plan would give him another -- better to say a first -- chance at life .
tr	10	A minimalistic green tunic clings to her pale skin , falling into a short skirt high above her bare feet .
tr	7	" Nice gun , got it from your new wife ! "
tr	9	When they stopped having children .
tr	5	Ten Victoria Jane Montgomery ' Hello , Mummy , ' I greet softly .
tr	5	His smooth arms and small hands , his legs , and even his flashing feet , were bare .
tr	7	" Yeah , they took Lex 's jack knife from him at Scouts , " chimed in Ricky .
tr	6	" Are you both alright ? "
tr	7	Quickly putting their glasses back on their foreheads , the sisters went in .
tr	8	David would keep the gun with him while he worked .
tr	8	His brightening mood , coupled with Leah 's newfound smiles , made for an infectious aura of laughter .
tr	9	She looked over at the angel in pink sitting on a booster seat and kicking her feet .
tr	7	The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious .
tr	6	Gema Mason was from that village .
tr	6	Besides , after your quick Vegas ceremony , without even , me there , you deserve a wonderful anniversary . "
tr	6	In the next second , a horse 's terrified scream punched the air outside the cottage .
tr	9	' Well , we knew it was coming , ' he said finally .
tr	11	Her eyes were damp as she looked up at him .
tr	6	" Yes , but I 'm not necessarily talking about our governments .
tr	10	That in and of itself was very strange as it was rare throughout their history that anyone traveled .
tr	9	He , and others at the party , indicated that you left long before Di Luca .
tr	10	In time it became the only thing that made sense to her .
tr	7	As of this moment you are hereby promoted to Captain . "
tr	11	This was a bullet-proof man that had come back from the dead .
tr	11	Was the pastor shocked that his son had been living as a Muslim ?
tr	10	" It 's going to be okay , " she said into his baby fine hair .
tr	6	The sheep station has 150 sheep , nine employees , and seven horses .
tr	10	" He was probably the one you said was so mean , the one that was driving the car .
tr	6	His thoughts flying elsewhere , to the past , to things he would rather forget .
tr	10	If one were to survive this journey , it would take perseverance of the pain .
tr	6	" No , Head Mage , " Gabriel replied with a proper bow at the waist .
tr	10	" I 'm just not sure where to start , " she said .
tr	9	The captain threw something toward him , which Lucas instinctively reached out and caught .
tr	6	A number of Rogue and Ranger pairs swarmed the arena .
tr	6	" Oh , forget it , " Simon mumbled .
tr	10	He drew his pistol as he scanned the shadows of the ship .
tr	8	The uniformed man looked after her then shook his head .
tr	8	Somehow it didn 't seem quite so jolly to the chick now .
tr	6	His love , loyalty and compassion for his disciple comes first , even above his own enlightenment .
tr	9	It is hard to believe " , said Whisper to himself .
tr	7	" Let 's go find those loggers , " she said .
tr	11	Angela pointed the brush at Missy , " So , tell me , what are you sighing about ?
tr	9	Standing beside the boy with her chin resting on her fist , she stares at the doors thoughtfully .
tr	5	" But -- " " Everywhere .
tr	9	I think he 's just a thief and a gangster .
tr	11	Do you think Tori and Danny make a good couple ? "
tr	9	You have a car ninety-nine percent of the world only dreams about . "
tr	7	Blood crusted the collar of his white shirt .
tr	10	" Allow me to introduce Major Connor Moylan of the 1st Para .
tr	6	" She nipped out a few minutes back , " said Maddy .
tr	8	Even worse , " he continued in a cautionary tone , " it could one day be used against us . "
tr	9	Spike turned to look at him .
tr	11	It works when he thinks he 's late .
tr	9	She brushed her hair behind her ears and tried to meet his eyes .
tr	11	He jumped up from where he was lying on the ground .
tr	10	Well you should thank me then for doing you a favor .
tr	11	* * * Calvin only reappeared after Danny had come back from his shift .
tr	7	" We must now leave and look for a place to rest . "
tr	11	Instead I chopped at her legs to try to slow her down .
tr	8	" Oh dear , standing isn 't a very good idea , now , is it ? "
tr	11	Mia was surprised that her grandmother was living in his villa .
tr	9	Natalie began grinning from ear to ear : " It 's great being understood . "
tr	7	" At least I can do something about my teeth , though .
tr	6	" Well , of course , " Neil frowned .
tr	11	What were they all doing eating ice cream at Dumbo like decent people ?
tr	6	" Cover fire , " Simpson 's voice boomed over the battalion net .
tr	10	The battle continues , and as his daughters have grown into teenagers , the stories have changed to more mature fiction .
tr	10	After running inside to tell his mother , Chris followed .
tr	8	I have nothing to offer you . "
tr	5	This isn 't the same bus .
tr	9	All the Irish have been picked up , are in transit to London and are awaiting Her Majesty 's pleasure .
tr	10	Families are a touchy subject when they 've been murdered .
tr	5	' Oh , just some new kid , ' he said .
tr	5	His jade eyes , cold and severe , stared down the tunnel .
tr	10	It 's not worth a lot ... " " Exactly !
tr	9	Alfred used to be trustworthy , but something happened to him over time .
tr	10	" I thought you might see it that way .
tr	11	Matthew excuses himself and goes to the truck for a big bottle of bleach .
tr	11	I need a guide to take me there , could you lead me there ? "
tr	7	Tony picked up the tickets and walked out onto the street .
tr	7	And this and his brother were the worst of them .
tr	6	Each knight lowered his visor , a horn sounded , and with a shout , the two charged each other .
tr	9	We haven 't the numbers to efficiently patrol . "
tr	6	Kronos stood up , belched a little smoke ring , and bellowed , " More ! "
tr	6	Where 's the rolling green lawn , the gothic manor , the roaring open fire ?
tr	7	I went to her and we hugged .
tr	10	She forced herself to sit up and look toward the creaking sound .
tr	10	I turned to look at Zeal , but she was no longer standing in front of me .
tr	9	" Should I be freaking out over it or something ? "
tr	6	" Shine your torch straight ahead , " the shrunken head said .
tr	11	The silence in the orchards was different than in the backyards they were accustomed to investigating .
tr	10	I 've been trying to call you .
tr	6	' So I s ' pose ... ' ' A city ? '
tr	7	She returned to the kitchen and poured vodka straight into a glass and gulped it down .
tr	11	" Um , " Simon said , " would you mind very much if we showed Miriam something ?
tr	8	Everyone 's been eagerly awaiting his arrival , " he said giving Janice a wink .
tr	8	She dreaded thinking about it .
tr	5	The answering machine beeped , and then , there she was .
tr	8	Josie turned to Kendall 's truck and shouted over at Carlos .
tr	5	To Chris , their outfits now looked less ridiculous somehow .
tr	6	" No one ever said that , " she shrugged .
tr	8	You need to counter that essence . "
tr	6	When they left , I went and quizzed Linda .
tr	5	So , on the seventh day , he hit me again .
tr	9	Facing out the hollow part , he had enough opening to swing his war club .
tr	7	He struck a goblin across the face , and suddenly the weight of the sword no longer bothered him .
tr	5	" The king 's seal and signature accompany the scroll . "
tr	10	They made it sound like whole cities are affected . "
tr	6	However , a thin smile spread over his features .
tr	8	The current excavation for a sense of humor is slow but promising .
tr	11	He was going to call it quits .
tr	5	" Her daughter , " a male voice , not mine , interjected .
tr	11	You will need a fire to heat the blade , and something to bandage the wound . "
tr	8	This was our second round with the " grand entrance , " and the drop scared the crap out of me .
tr	9	His second shot also went to the head and this time he stayed on his feet .
tr	5	But for two lonely travelers , the narrow space provided no problems .
tr	10	He had a nightmare , one which he could not remember .
tr	6	" What ails the lad ?
tr	10	It 's no matter that the color didn 't manifest quite right .
tr	7	" What 's this -- uh -- holy -- !
tr	7	007 proceeded to Ben 's office .
tr	6	Miriam tossed aside the nightgown and picked up the object .
tr	11	Derrick and I are very eager to get going this morning .
tr	8	She started a soup of onions , potatoes , celery , green tomatoes , peppers , leek , and clams .
tr	7	" I was so excited , I could hardly sleep at all , " Farmer replied eagerly .
tr	7	His subconscious knee-jerk reaction and the resistance to it from his tearing sock , threw Ted off balance .
tr	9	" It 's all we can do ! "
tr	9	" Supper is a few minutes off and I promise you a fine feast for your troubles . "
tr	9	This is why were captured Pox .
tr	10	" I 'm going to go see it . "
tr	8	All washed down with a mug of hot tea .
tr	8	They were wise beyond the average mortal shell , were these their kin ?
tr	9	" So what 's it going to be ?
tr	5	Under the white canopy , the moonlight reflected off his striking face .
tr	11	She 'd put it on in the morning -- there was no need to sleep in the stinking thing .
tr	8	I can put a smile on your very face , " the man rants with a chipper tone .
tr	7	" About 300 hours over a decade , " replied the pilot .
tr	6	Her cheeks bulged with food , like a hamster .
tr	5	" Please , help me ! "
tr	7	Suzie Truman cried , screamed and threw herself onto her bed and pounded the pillows .
tr	11	He had to be a messenger sent from some unknown entity .
tr	11	Then you 'll see the destruction , how fast we 're losing ground .
tr	7	When they awoke the next morning , Sarah made cheese sandwiches and mugs of tea for breakfast .
tr	10	" Can I have a few days to think about it ? "
tr	9	And why had that sister wanted to see it so badly ?
tr	8	She was saying something to him , but he still could not hear properly .
tr	6	" Peyton 's on the move . "
tr	10	It was inhuman to live there alone .
tr	10	I guess it 's a habit from my military days .
tr	11	You think killing me will be easy ? "
tr	10	" I brought you here before revealing who I am . "
tr	6	" No ... nothing of the sort , why would I do that ?
tr	7	" I have a saying here given to me by a friend . "
tr	6	Three people dead now that we personally know .
tr	10	" Someone wants to talk to you at my station , " he said with a wry grimace .
tr	6	The drive to DC took a little over two hours .
tr	11	I feel like I 'm doing what I am .
tr	8	This journey must be made in the light .
tr	6	There were no old Teddy Boy mates , no old school chums , no work mates , no nothing .
tr	8	Spotlights from Barney 's estate above came on , shining brightly down toward the ship .
tr	10	His anger was directed at her , little though she understood it .
tr	7	" Why , what did you see ? "
tr	7	The assembled pirates drew their weapons : guns and swords , knives and spears , in preparation for an attack .
tr	6	" Maybe ... but did he ? "
tr	6	" I appreciate your honesty , Roberto . "
tr	7	As the following morning dawned , amazingly , only a few soldiers had died during the night .
tr	10	Simon stated feeling the anger build within him .
tr	10	She had cared for George and his first wife ever since they 'd first bought the manor .
tr	11	John wanted to take Marie in his arms and hold her tight .
tr	8	She 'd have caught you and cut your throat within a few more miles . "
tr	8	" After you , " said the Minister , gesturing to the newly formed cavity .
tr	10	Except that there was not enough shadow there to have hidden her .
tr	6	Way back in the early 1940s , the Brits detonated some test bombs on an island off their coast .
tr	5	" Shut up , Eliza , " a new voice said .
tr	9	Taylor put on the charm as he walked into the kitchen .
tr	10	" All I can say is , you must look to the south . "
tr	7	A cicada , to be specific , though it was at least two months early for cicada season .
tr	7	" She 's called the Lady Grace , " Chris said .
tr	9	He raised his eyes to hers , slowly closed then opened them .
tr	7	" Eda is here I see . "
tr	7	Nathan paused and watched the boy stride up the hill .
tr	9	It whispered to keep trying .
tr	11	But , looking to shore he knew he could handle whatever tomorrow brought .
tr	7	Even if it took explosives -- he really liked explosives .
tr	11	" The thermal explosives were neutralized before they could be activated , " Warrior adds .
tr	5	They have integrated , police , medical and census records already .
tr	6	I clean now , " she said , gripping the mop a little tighter .
tr	11	It was going to have to be .
tr	9	I 'll take you back to Hereford and that 'll be an end to it .
tr	6	Most were in clothes too baggy or too tight .
tr	10	Anyhow , them boys acted like they never had a hamburger in their lives .
tr	7	" Kayla talks about you all the time , " Kayla 's mom informs me at the dinner table .
tr	10	The couple stared at me , shock and surprise dawning on their faces .
tr	11	I pictured Jolie 's face carved into one of them , complete with wings , horns , and glowing red eyes .
tr	6	" Pardon my ignorance , but I still do not understand . "
tr	6	" Or you and I won 't get along very well , either , sir . "
tr	6	" He 's possessed , " Piper said with her fluttering wings behind her .
tr	8	Nathan 's troops were also busy cleaning up after the battle .
tr	6	Thick makeup around her eyes gave them a sunken look .
tr	11	Tiny rainbow-colored pebbles seemed to float in the air around us .
tr	11	There were a hundred things she wanted to say , to ask .
tr	8	I saw more than one person pointing at us .
tr	10	Nothing Arin could say would convince them .
tr	10	The irritating child has a name , though the piece of information is trivial at best .
tr	7	" Why don 't you just call me Nurse , " she said .
tr	6	" Good morning , " the former Secret Service agent answered in a cheerful voice .
tr	8	As she went to the changing room I took off the orange shirt and holey jeans right there .
tr	7	Marching directly at him , Dark Link 's enigmatic style baffles both Rift and Mai .
tr	10	You never should have touched me , Firstborn , for now you cannot win .
tr	7	Theodosia jumped and whirled around on him .
tr	6	The co-pilot radios Ann-Marie , " The tiger 's directly below us . "
tr	6	Not once did she make eye contact with anyone present .
tr	7	Elaina nodded , but she was watching him closely , unconvinced .
tr	9	It is as if the vines themselves are fleeing the valley . "
tr	7	" Trust me , I 've been swimming all my life .
tr	11	The voice in her head preached , admit it Amy he 's pure sex .
tr	11	Nature has instilled the will to survive in all her creations .
tr	7	" Well , thank you , why not , " Taylor replied .
tr	5	Like his military uniform , his civilian clothes always seemed a little ill-fitting .
tr	5	" It 's just not possible .
tr	10	We 're going wherever it 's taking us . "
tr	9	CHAPTER FIVE An hour into the ride , Sarah knew that the horses were docile and well mannered .
tr	8	Neither of them could remember their mother being so angry .
tr	8	Her mother must have been reading her mind .
tr	7	Without another word , the man stood and wandered off into the darkness .
tr	8	Fighting a biting wind , we directed the loading of our luggage , and the staff ushered us into another carriage .
tr	7	Not only that , but Payton landed another right cross counter on Lea 's face , making Lea back away .
tr	9	The girls were more likely in the same grade as the younger boys , but Dave and Rob got there first .
tr	6	" You betrayed me , " Gary 's voice said from multiple directions in the room .
tr	7	They got what they deserved . "
tr	7	They looked at him stupefied .
tr	9	If you did , you would know my sins are unforgivable . "
tr	9	They settled in for a wait of about five hours .
tr	8	But , rumor has it they 've discovered evidence of his complicity on The Main . "
tr	8	Then , its false soul snuffed out , the thing collapsed in a watery pile of dead frogs and leeches .
tr	10	Fuck it was hot in here .
tr	7	And in their souls they felt an indescribable sense of happiness and joy .
tr	7	" You may go , " the sergeant stated and the boy and his brother bolted for an exit .
tr	10	He is still thinking where to go next .
tr	6	You know , just a character in them -- not a real actual thing . "
tr	7	She said , " Over two months . "
tr	11	From G he found C and D. Without thought his fingers continued past F and Bb .
tr	9	Chase loosen his gripped on her until she can finally move her hands freely .
tr	11	The only thing I 'm personally going to miss is cheese .
tr	5	Like those incredible light eyes , that square jaw and his deliciously carved mouth .
tr	8	He had to see Amanda Carter .
tr	7	He scratched the stubble on his jaw , then tugged on his earlobe .
tr	9	I thought Vampires could only get pregnant once ? "
tr	6	He won 't say anything .
tr	11	And he is a fool to have accepted the earl 's demand . "
tr	6	I stopped and pulled my arm away .
tr	7	" Sorry to hear that , " replied Jonesy , not sounding sorry .
tr	11	Brand stood back , trembling slightly , watching the fight begin in the golden wood .
tr	9	Kevin didn 't hesitate in choosing the right tunnel .
tr	7	Christy talked about Octavian and his guards for ten minutes , offering minute details .
tr	10	I wonder , " she said more slowly , " if we can use that to our advantage . "
tr	10	" You 'll perspire to rid yourself of the excess heat . "
tr	9	Ben was a lot more relaxed now however , he still made John feel like an infant .
tr	10	" You 're not using your brain to think things through .
tr	7	" I doubt it , Mr. Richmond , " replied Joe Bishop .
tr	11	" Let 's have a look at that antique thing of yours . "
tr	9	They all had to be boxed up .
tr	7	A lone candle lit up a single window along the second floor in the west wing .
tr	7	He had the same lilting inflection as our dinner guest , only more pronounced .
tr	7	" They won 't hurt you , " a tall gentleman standing in the doorway .
tr	8	Without complaint , Rick slid out , leaving Alex to right herself , pulling Abby along with him .
tr	5	Oh , dear Fairy Godmother , the hour is late and dark .
tr	7	Everything else in the room was in perfect focus , but her face was cloudy .
tr	9	Do they have rain ? "
tr	9	" Dear Sir , I do believe you are not taking me seriously ! "
tr	10	The hunger is still tearing me to pieces , so that means I didn 't kill Gabe .
tr	9	His right hand was cuffed to a bolt in the door frame .
tr	9	Feeling significantly tougher , though he possesses no fighting skills , Rift throws an awkward punch to show off the gear .
tr	7	Stand please and put your hands against the wall . "
tr	7	" It has , " Navi chimes in , her tone remaining accusative of the salesman .
tr	10	" He told him to take Toby back to the airport , " said Toby .
tr	7	I see myself in him , and I see you in him .
tr	9	He then saw something that truly scared him .
tr	11	There was nothing we could do about it .
tr	6	" No , it don 't , Todd pup , " Hildy says , a little too gently .
tr	8	If this was victory , why did she feel such a tearing sense of loss ?
tr	6	I 'll just keep killing . "
tr	7	" Can you get a new ID and passport for her , too ?
tr	5	" In my defense , I was never really a con artist .
tr	10	There 's got to be a key somewhere on the island . "
tr	7	His tweed clung to his curves in the heat , and sweat trickled down his brow in small rivulets .
tr	8	In Harold 's experience mistakes in a prison led directly to death as sure as night followed day .
tr	9	Alfred leaned back in his chair and seemed to relax slightly .
tr	10	" Don 't let them send Gan on the Journey . "
tr	10	I 'm calling to get you promoted . "
tr	9	" He specifically said we wouldn 't get hurt ! "
tr	10	A sense of urgency overwhelmed him ; he knew he could wait no longer .
tr	11	Over time we separated ourselves from the land that gave us life and became two different peoples .
tr	5	" Why would you leave ? "
tr	8	Wolf Eyes saw his refuge -- a big tree standing , with its hollow trunk facing south .
tr	8	Red moves up next to his captain , looking down at her with his furious red eyes .
tr	11	I really got a kick out of seeing Lilly Ann get married , you know .
tr	11	" Mr. McAdam , it 's a little late to ask for that kind of payload increase . "
tr	11	He trod slowly , making sure not to frighten her further .
tr	7	He dropped down into the well , and I dusted my hands off on my shift .
tr	7	I have heard so many good things about you from General Anderson . "
tr	7	She really was so very tired , almost more so than how hungry she was .
tr	6	Your animals are gone , your house is gone . "
tr	5	At that stage I was a walking skeleton .
tr	7	There was a pause , and then the old man smiled and shook his head .
tr	9	It was the place where the Wind Spirit lived , and he would seek his presence .
tr	8	Before she could think Oh Shit !
tr	11	Matthew turned to find a ragged hole where the doorknob had been .
tr	5	First a very loud , keening , almost static like sound filled the air .
tr	7	The altar , hinged curiously with stone rods and sockets on one side , had served as its lid .
tr	7	Debit cards existed for a reason , didn 't they ?
tr	9	Robbie , I 'd like you to take the Bren again .
tr	9	' If they knew about Mikael , then they must have known where I was .
tr	6	" I ... " " Can you , please , forgive me , love ?
tr	6	I will leave you his name and number . "
tr	7	Even if Megan were right , the skill of flying could also have positive sides .
tr	7	Gabe looks down at the rabbit and smiles .
tr	11	The conductor shouted , " I 'd like to meet this Harry . "
tr	9	" Looks as good a place as any , " and Jonesy pushed the switch to extend the legs .
tr	9	He predicted that by 2035 , more than 95 of a hundred would be recreations .
tr	11	Anna shouted as she tried to get away .
tr	8	It was around one thirty before the anchorage became quiet .
tr	5	" What did you say ? "
tr	8	He pushed a button on the shuttle 's control display , and the two outer hatches unlocked and swung open .
tr	10	" I suppose we could manage it , don 't you , Valiant , my love ?
tr	6	" Hello , counselor , " she said past the lump in her throat .
tr	6	At the phone he said , ' Hey I 've bought a headset mic .
tr	11	" I wish I could answer that for sure , honey , but my guess is yes . "
tr	10	Ali squeezed the trigger , shouted " God is greater than credit ! "
tr	6	Even now , the disastrous expedition to Baffin Island was a sore point .
tr	8	He needed to bide his time .
tr	8	It 's time I retired .
tr	7	" I 'm Mike Donovan and this here 's me son , Gavin .
tr	5	" Not me , I had a great childhood .
tr	7	Hanging upside down from tree branches was obviously her favorite place for a conversation .
tr	10	I learn that there are areas , lots of them , that the brothers have somehow agreed are off limits .
tr	11	She was lost in his eyes and when the moment passed she felt deprived , her body shivering at the loss .
tr	8	" Did you get in contact with any of the eyewitnesses from back then ? "
tr	9	After a while , my eyes came back and I managed to open them .
tr	8	They 're probably just after you for insulting them anyway . "
tr	7	broke in Rafe as the silence lengthened .
tr	9	The gate between Ted and the dogs was obviously strong enough to withstand the attack .
tr	6	" " We are up , " said both the young men , appearing .
tr	7	' It doesn 't sound like healthy laughter to me . '
tr	11	I guess it just wasn 't meant to be . "
tr	9	There was a short struggle and the sound of fabric rustling , then there was a long pause .
tr	10	You mean that there are more of them ?
tr	6	" Enter the handsome , young protégé , " Gabe is saying .
tr	7	When he was gone , Cobb turned to the ranger .
tr	7	They walked over to the indoor range and checked in with the range officer .
tr	8	The rock began to vibrate and Tommy lost his balance .
tr	6	" Mrs. Jones , may we go inside for a moment . "
tr	7	The black ones were a destructive lot by nature but their patterns were different .
tr	10	If they were charged they would not have any chance to either fight or flee .
tr	6	Smart , bristling , cut to shreds .
tr	8	I really hoped that was the case .
tr	9	You have no way to catch them .
tr	10	As with Paris , we couldn 't help but notice the squalor some lived in .
tr	5	" A woman and a cripple alone , " Eduard said .
tr	8	Marching up the stairs he spots a room at the end of the hall .
tr	9	" You worried there might be more George ? "
tr	11	" Allen , want a cup of coffee while this plastic G-man tries to screw up more crap ? "
tr	5	Beyond it , directly ahead , a staggering mountain range pierced the clouds .
tr	7	" There 's some sort of stink brewing down there .
tr	7	God willing , this whole fiasco might settle down after this .
tr	7	The report of the pistol , going off inside the cockpit , was deafening .
tr	9	The moment the final syllable passes through her lips , the ninja is rocked by a sudden punch finding her jaw .
tr	11	She couldn 't believe the afternoon had turned into such a disaster .
tr	9	I ignored this statement because why would anyone call me a little girl ?
tr	5	No more negative bullshit , no more insults , no more anything .
tr	6	Now it all makes sense , this guy must be your friend . "
tr	11	he shrugged and smiled , happy to have something to eat .
tr	8	He struggled to suppress his fear .
tr	6	But despite the luxury , he was in a prison cell .
tr	8	A stern , angry voice spoke directly in front of her .
tr	11	I hoped that would be the end of it .
tr	11	" Do you think you can drive ? "
tr	8	Two people emerge from the opening , walking quickly up the stairs side by side .
tr	6	We bade our goodbyes and left the building swiftly .
tr	6	" Not Guilty , My Lord , " said the foreman , " on all counts " .
tr	10	" What do you suggest I should do now ?
tr	5	" Oh , my God , here he goes , " Baxter whispered .
tr	7	" Kill her and get the boy , " he commanded , drawing his own sword .
tr	8	I 'm almost there , " the captain 's voice speaks through a blast of static .
tr	9	First , I haven 't any money , and second , I 'm not a thief .
tr	11	That was something that simply wouldn 't do , not at all .
tr	9	He made a motion over the Prince 's shoulder , and a bag was thrust over the Prince 's head .
tr	6	At the Eiffel Tower , I sprinted toward our picnic spot , with Aimee right behind me .
tr	9	He jerked his eyes to Elaina 's as if he could read the answers there .
tr	10	She could almost hear Neal 's hated voice whispering " chicken " in her ear .
tr	7	If their shots missed , each gun would be reloaded and they 'd try again .
tr	10	" I know where you can get your wood , " Chris said .
tr	8	Here and there he had brief conversations with Clancy yet even those were few .
tr	5	A ' boat ' is a submarine .
tr	8	It takes a hundred voices to truly do it justice .
tr	5	" No , I 'm not ... but - " " But ? "
tr	9	This leads me to my second train of thought : How I will kill Grand .
tr	6	But ... you were a little chunky , remember . "
tr	6	The insignia on his chest indicated his rank as a junior commander .
tr	5	For all her Craft , for all her magic , for all her strength , she was still only twelve .
tr	5	" Yeah , " I say .
tr	6	" Based on the name , " she said , " what are your thoughts ? "
tr	8	His heart threw itself against his ribs in anticipation of the outcome .
tr	9	" Because Daniel was a member of their family " he said .
tr	10	I don 't want this rogue to shoot me .
tr	11	The skin rips away from my palms , and the orbs lift up , pushing against the fabric of my gloves .
tr	11	Maybe there were more people down there that had adapted to the gas .
tr	10	I stare up at the stars , imaging her blue-gray eyes hidden somewhere beneath their bright points .
tr	9	They were walking up to Jimmy 's truck , talking to each other and watching Josie .
tr	5	" Hey , you , " said a voice suddenly .
tr	8	When I 'd called Peyton , his phone number had been disconnected .
tr	5	And this your little lad , is it ?
tr	9	The research articles by HE Strauss and generic information about the UPMC had been freely accessible on the internet .
tr	8	When we took her out of the truck , she was catatonic .
tr	9	screamed the startled Scarlett , and she looked around her for any sign of rescue .
tr	8	So the man had Earth at the least , and the woman had Air and Earth and Water .
tr	7	No wonder Tomas Godard looked so shaken .
tr	9	Mike had a bad feeling about the timing of all this .
tr	11	Do you want to live ? "
tr	7	" I don 't see why not ! "
tr	6	She sounded a bit hurt .
tr	10	Brendan looked up long enough to look toward the road that Finn indicated .
tr	10	You only get to ride in the car your first time , " James stated .
tr	11	His friend had found a new catch which in some way bothers him with no apparent reason .
tr	11	Said they 'd agreed to pay . "
tr	8	I tried not to bite , but failed .
tr	5	" No , " he said , unexpectedly loud .
tr	8	We only barely pushed through the mob to get aboard . "
tr	7	" Hey Toni , let 's go sit in that little coffee shop and have some caffeine .
tr	10	As they got to the trail they found Tommy standing there waiting for them .
tr	6	Compared to these , her own cavern is bleak , homely , and isolated .
tr	9	" He probably disabled all of the digital recorders in the country or something .
tr	10	" Word is that Anderson is loyal to Philips .
tr	7	He got out of bed and threw several logs in the woodstove .
tr	7	He draped his arms casually on the chair , forcing a relaxed pose .
tr	10	Maybe he was doing the right thing by letting the woman go .
tr	5	I push away my nausea .
tr	9	Beating his wings , he soared over the ocean , headed for his new hunting ground .
tr	9	Why 'd they have to give me the headache ? "
tr	9	Tori and Daniel sat on the couch and looked at the list of books in the library .
tr	8	" He used to make many things .
tr	10	Her tummy gurgled in agreement , but still that didn 't seem to be it .
tr	9	" It ... it was not my intention to try and attach your feelings . "
tr	10	The apartment on the second floor was as dark as when we had left .
tr	6	On our leaving day , Mara called me in her office .
tr	7	He arose , came forward , and got down on one knee beside her .
tr	6	Billy ambled down the dock and handed Frank a Cohiba , already trimmed .
tr	11	That 's why he thinks I 'm synthetic . "
tr	7	Right now the less anyone knows the better ... ... ... ... . .
tr	8	Adele cleared her throat nervously and Rafe , called back to his surroundings , snatched his hand away from her .
tr	9	The choice is simple and will be decided each day and each moment .
tr	10	Glad to have you back and thanks for the visit . "
tr	6	At the moment , the street was dark and empty under the glowing street lamps .
tr	7	After a terse , rather one sided conversation , he hung up and turned to the Commander .
tr	5	" Wow , " he finally said .
tr	8	" You 're right in one respect , " Mana said .
tr	7	They almost felt like crying .
tr	11	Maya winces having felt the impact of Warrior 's tail against Lance 's rough metal .
tr	10	If he showed her what he was thinking , she would have an edge on him .
tr	7	I slowly pulled my blanket off and crawled on all fours like dog .
tr	6	The relaxed , happy feeling slowly evaporated , and I closed my jaw .
tr	7	Despite its fluidity , I had no doubts about its temperature .
tr	10	Not for the first time , he was glad of the brevet ranks that Colonel McCutcheon had arranged for them .
tr	7	She gaped back at him , still not quite believing this .
tr	9	she asked while pointing at the trash receptacle .
tr	7	Check on the proximity alarms in the woods ... ... .
tr	7	In the battle foreseen , in no doubt you must win ... The rhyme echoed on her mind .
tr	9	006 , wearing a black tuxedo , the mask and colored eye lenses from Mac , was Toby 's twin .
tr	9	While fumbling through her desk , I thought back on the family pictures hanging in the living room .
tr	6	" Can 't I get the carriage ?
tr	7	Overcoming their initial surprise the Turks raised their sabres and charged straight for the leopards .
tr	6	For the moment , the company commanders are each handling their own units . "
tr	6	" Well we are here not , " Abby said .
tr	6	" Show me , " he told her .
tr	7	Ken gritted his teeth , picked up the litter and placed it in the Paper & Plastic compartment .
tr	8	" Actually , " said Brazen , " that 's the job I want . "
tr	11	What if your boyfriend doesn 't want to be a father ? "
tr	10	Jennie thought a change of tactics might do the trick with this lady .
tr	11	This was not what I wanted to hear .
tr	10	It had come in on its side and there was five feet of clearance at the most .
tr	9	I frowned , trying to remember .
tr	11	Surely whatever was bothering Sophia could wait ?
tr	7	" Don 't mind him , " Flaherty said .
tr	10	" You know it , " Neil blurted out , and he turned bright red as everyone looked at him .
tr	9	I 'd learn to like it .
tr	10	Bryony wasn 't sure if she 'd heard Jane right .
tr	10	I enjoy getting to know my readers .
tr	7	I am looking for someone . "
tr	8	He 's killed the sage of shadow .
tr	7	I might have been , too .
tr	6	She and her three friends , her parents , and her brother were all yelling their fool heads off .
tr	10	He didn 't like being called a dummy but he let it go .
tr	11	They weren 't standing at tense attention as they had been before , she was no longer a threat .
tr	10	They 're going to be West African giraffes .
tr	11	That meant there was a solid trail to follow .
tr	8	" Why not show them that story you 're writing , " Mana said .
tr	6	The skinny , white boy in the corner is our friend , James . "
tr	6	Ellis Island New York Harbor April 28th , 2027 " Can 't sleep ? "
tr	7	Both had a roguish grin on their faces .
tr	6	" ' Tis only crumbs , you silly thing . "
tr	6	Rough hands dug into his upper arms .
tr	7	With salt water burning his eyes , Jason gasped for breath and wiped his brow with his right forearm .
tr	11	They talked and talked , a little giggling when Tori saw somebody coming in .
tr	11	He glanced around the room , but nobody seemed to be paying any attention to them .
tr	8	His arms drooped from unbuttoned sleeves and an uncorked bottle lay nearby .
tr	6	They 're in and around the house .
tr	9	† † † September 16 , 1621 I bumped into the lady today .
tr	7	A valid if provocative interpretation . "
tr	11	His glance tracked each mustache 's cut as he sought a glimpse of the face , haunting in its familiarity .
tr	7	" Why don 't we talk about this ?
tr	9	' I thought you should come along . '
tr	10	What could such sweet young girls have done to bother him ?
tr	7	" Very well , my love , " he said , touching her hair briefly .
tr	10	Well , what are you both going to do today ? "
tr	7	When they got there , Chris opened the sliding door and peeked in .
tr	7	" Before I open this , have you been surfing any naughty websites ?
tr	10	asked François who had followed Gaspar .
tr	6	" You and I are going treasure hunting .
tr	8	What he saw was a long line of trees and green things , with no end in sight .
tr	11	He gestured for the security guards to ready their weapons .
tr	6	The imperial office was just a means to that end .
tr	11	That was something he tried to avoid .
tr	5	On the other hand , " I 'm not the only target .
tr	8	" Don 't ever accuse her again to me , " he said in a choked voice .
tr	9	He had read the initial reports on the attack sketchy though they were . "
tr	10	I am truly honoured to receive so much help from your family .
tr	9	In that case there had to be others involved .
tr	6	Before the shapeshifter tore out his heart and assumed his identity .
tr	10	Wolf kept walking as he raised his voice .
tr	9	Staring wildly , Elaina gasped and flinched from him with a look of unbridled terror .
tr	11	The guys could even be sent after him to kill him .
tr	7	" I don 't believe it , " I addressed Logan .
tr	11	But when I tried to get Cisco 's attention he refused to look at me .
tr	7	I was born in it .
tr	6	Destro reached in and pulled out a faded manila file folder .
tr	6	One of the thugs ran to the rear wall and spotted the broken window .
tr	9	He was falling ... falling ... when he woke up .
tr	10	Even more puzzling was how Olsson fitted into any of it .
tr	7	Adele nodded but Rafe could see her trembling with cold .
tr	11	John exclaimed , waiving at everyone else and inviting them to follow him .
tr	7	It was probably a fatal wound , but it barely even slowed the creature 's forward progress .
tr	7	Sofia chuckled , bowed her head and leave the master and his assistant behind .
tr	10	I sought to move towards the stairway , but another man stepped to block my path .
tr	6	He wheeled backwards , his eyes registering his imminent accident , and then he tumbled down the steps .
tr	10	Lights from an overpass cast a muted glow across the canal on either side of where we stood .
tr	9	To bad you didn 't tell me that the restaurant was invisible . "
tr	11	Do you know where it is ? "
tr	7	Didn 't hold back his opinion on the matter .
tr	10	Families flee south -- all able-bodied men and women willing to fight are to be given weapons .
tr	10	My main concern was the possibility the surrounding trees would damage it .
tr	10	The boat bumped again , and he turned to squint at the water behind and beneath him .
tr	8	But mostly because I bring a message from the place you call the Enemy Mountains . "
tr	11	Do I have to curtsey then ? '
tr	7	Taylor almost did not recognize himself in the unfamiliar wardrobe .
tr	11	The cabin was well insulated having seating for four passengers in beige , leather luxury .
tr	6	" Where is the what ? "
tr	11	Taylor was a bit dumbfounded by that train of thought for a moment .
tr	7	She was standing in the entrance to a long narrow room , like a tunnel .
tr	10	They had been out in the mountains for twenty two days , but this was the coldest night by far .
tr	8	The attackers ' advantage was they fought in groups .
tr	8	I said catching him in mid-air .
tr	7	" No way am I ready for this , " Valerie states aloud with worry .
tr	5	After about thirty yards , Harris , the leader , sees something and stops abruptly .
tr	7	' I have never killed in cold blood . '
tr	7	And maybe he 's learned a lot at his school .
tr	11	Glancing at the clock Amy 's silent voice began , I am beautiful .
tr	7	Aware of their danger , they searched the dark wood line .
tr	7	If he were still alive .
tr	7	They went up the hills and down again , and in the valley they have found the stream .
tr	8	" Yes , I 'm talking to you , " the Cursed Hand snarled .
tr	7	Feeling thirsty , Mike fished around in his right trouser pocket for some change and pulled out a handful .
tr	7	" I 'll show you , " said Andy grabbing a pen and paper from Tim 's desk .
tr	8	it retained the faint fragrance of her , I broke down and began to cry .
tr	6	The words sank in and something broke .
tr	5	" Direction and distance , but wait , " he said in his best TV announcer voice .
tr	9	As nervous as Darin makes me , I am not ready to kill him .
tr	10	Now , he took ten thousand for himself which left ninety thousand dollars in the bank .
tr	9	Separating them from the nearest ladder on the warehouse was a wide-open stretch of asphalt .
tr	9	It 's kind of a rule for any closed doors . "
tr	8	" Hmm ... well , he 's right ; we will most definitely be doing so .
tr	8	The seconds ticked by and the Comet stubbornly refused to fly .
tr	10	' What you 're telling me about Cumbria is harder to accept . '
tr	9	Matthew wondered what she meant by that .
tr	10	You need to eat it raw , otherwise you lose the nutrients . "
tr	9	I have asked a lot of you , and you 've all delivered .
tr	9	I didn 't know it was a steam train . "
tr	11	They found him sitting in the living room talking with a priest .
tr	8	He broke off as he coughed and blood came onto his lips .
tr	9	We are fortunate to have them .
tr	5	Within this brilliant white , the deepest dark emerged .
tr	8	Mr Brown laughed and looked Andy in the eye .
tr	8	" I 'm in the front of your hotel .
tr	8	A second later , they could hear the door as it opened .
tr	10	I grabbed the phone , hurrying to call Laurence .
tr	6	With that much blood it 's not very likely - " Somehow that was the last straw .
tr	8	And if I spin my net just right , I might make the catch of a lifetime .
tr	11	I can 't believe Ruth would have called him .
tr	11	He recalled her saying once that her favorite toy growing up had been a dollhouse .
tr	9	Jason lets go of the worthless metal husk and it drops to the floor with an audible clunk .
tr	10	She slipped in , easing the door shut behind her .
tr	8	But the more they dug , the more they discovered just how much of the ship was still intact .
tr	11	That 's all you need to know . '
tr	6	Adam finally ran back down the hallway and stuck his head back through .
tr	11	He might seem perfect but let 's not blow it by being overly keen . '
tr	7	Not with their auras glowing so blatantly bright .
tr	8	His lips barely brushed her skin and the whole act left her breathless .
tr	9	" I 've met few men of your country , but they always promise great entertainment and pure friendship .
tr	9	Even with the extra work , her thoughts would get away from her and she 'd be grappling with the pain .
tr	9	Pinned helplessly by the force of the turn he watched the rock wall flash by his cockpit window .
tr	11	Do you know where it is ? "
tr	7	" Outside the door , " answered Finan , sitting up and stretching his tall frame .
tr	9	I could smell you before I saw you . "
tr	5	You guys watch your asses down there . "
tr	10	Let me know how it goes .
tr	9	But by the tracks they had seen , there were only the three of them left .
tr	6	" Give me brains and vigour , So I 'll know dates and figures .
tr	7	Truth be told , it was embarrassing .
tr	7	" Damned if I know .
tr	10	Good old Alexis must have a phone we can use , right ? "
tr	8	Enjoy a drink if you want , but not too much .
tr	10	He wondered why the suited man just stood there , staring at them .
tr	8	Never been to Vancouver , " Tommy replied as the rifle cracked off another shot .
tr	8	Calvin said ignoring Raphael and pointing .
tr	6	" Well , we can adjust , a few minor changes ; the main goal is still the same . "
tr	8	David asked , his eyes still taking in the small stone cottage .
tr	8	Victor , Costas , Bruno and Anatole were crouched inside it , their guns raised .
tr	9	By planning or by happenstance , the raiders had chosen a good night for their thievery .
tr	10	It 's as if someone planed down the cliff itself and set those metal discs into the rock . "
tr	8	Ahead of me , Phillip turned to gauge my pace .
tr	5	Almost elegant in its execution with the darkest black markings against white skin .
tr	10	Anything to get you to leave WITHOUT my daughter ! "
tr	8	They all set off at a fast walk to the west of the fighting .
tr	6	And would be her trainer ! "
tr	9	From the blog we gather you 're in East Anglia still .
tr	9	She was shaking as she watched it .
tr	5	In the ensuing weeks the horse and the young Indian bonded once again .
tr	5	" Good morning to you , Commander , " Tomas replied .
tr	6	" No , it 's all right , " Neil said .
tr	11	Neela was away so quickly , Gan had to hurry to catch her .
tr	7	he asked , curling his lip .
tr	9	We look at students in more than age .
tr	5	Just past one of the residential areas to the northern side of town . "
tr	8	Mike finished the restraints and we installed them on Ted 's bed this afternoon .
tr	5	" Sir , are you all right ? "
tr	11	" I suppose you would not believe that no such trouble exists ? "
tr	10	He moved her up toward him pressed against his hard chest .
tr	11	He reached down , and she thought he might take the bracelet , but he grabbed only his blankets .
tr	11	Not even a wolf would be able to track through such a mess .
tr	9	Her whole body hurt , with areas of excruciating agony located around her ribs and her head .
tr	10	He brushed Gunnar 's back reassuringly , then turned to the witch .
tr	10	I think we want to talk .
tr	6	She admitted , " but I have an idea . "
tr	11	Are you going to be all right ? "
tr	6	" I guess so , " said Beau , embarrassed .
tr	7	A scowl dawned on Bruno 's face .
tr	7	And you 've eaten your dinner , I see .
tr	5	" Kent , Tom , Susie , Becky ... they 're all back there waiting .
tr	8	Near the top of the pass , a kindly peasant asked if I wanted a ride .
tr	11	He gulped hard to keep himself from choking .
tr	11	For once I wanted to rest before departing from the castle .
tr	7	" That 's what they say .
tr	9	He continued to look at it .
tr	5	" What was that ? "
tr	6	He was young , had a nice apartment , made enough money , and did his job well .
tr	8	" Yeah , I know it was kinda stupid . "
tr	7	Reggie Philips and General Anderson looked at each other for a moment and then nodded .
tr	11	" We don 't really know there 's poison on it .
tr	7	The test subjects prior to this experiment were small lab animals like mice and rats .
tr	8	Little by little Fuchs was implementing the Faith 's social structure to the letter .
tr	10	In short order , they were able to turn their full attention to the new threat .
tr	10	Zeal also had the annoying tendency of interrupting people mid-sentence .
tr	8	We haven 't seen you in months , and now you show up with this threat .
tr	6	" I won 't let him . "
tr	6	Louis Philippe 's got his hands all over it . "
tr	10	The Prince didn 't remember having walked forward , but he now stood on the bank of the stream .
tr	10	" Will you be alright for the moment ? "
tr	8	And now I know you 're a liar . "
tr	8	" I am the Prince of Ravens , Exile , " he said , gathering his wits .
tr	8	' I sent out the request for location codes about 2 hours ago but I 've heard nothing .
tr	5	Your thoughtfulness and dedication to detail , your constant worrying , your openness .
tr	9	Although I knew who he was , I needed to meet him .
tr	6	he asked against his better judgment .
tr	11	We 're going to have to run ! "
tr	9	I chose you , " she reveals as a sudden rush of green light and swirling wind surrounds her .
tr	6	They always tell the truth and set the example .
tr	7	You always did enjoy playing dress up , but the time for games is over sister . "
tr	10	I bet we c 'd earn loads .
tr	8	The music was good , bouncy and lively , Chuck felt his head bobbing involuntarily to the music .
tr	7	' There 's a bathroom across the corridor .
tr	5	" What , what is it ?
tr	8	" I thought it was a dream . "
tr	8	Eric snapped , " Just start out calm and then make it angry !
tr	9	Her hair was silvery white of old age with pale face full of lines and wrinkled .
tr	10	She looked exhausted , drained of energy .
tr	7	The big man doubled over then two seconds later he rammed into Malcolm .
tr	11	Conway and Falconer stood watch as their companions splashed about , shouting like children .
tr	6	Not just eggs , but lizard eggs , not veggies , but leaves , weeds etc. .
tr	6	" One more , Linc , " Coach Danforth said and we lined up .
tr	6	" Yes , stupidly enough I have , " he heard John finally .
tr	9	But I don 't think these are words or letters . "
tr	6	" It 's ok , " he said gently and nodded .
tr	9	" I 'm sure he helped them once .
tr	6	While its occupants slept , the world outside was undergoing a dramatic transformation .
tr	10	Do you want me to ? "
tr	8	Things were spiraling out of our control , but Logan didn 't hesitate .
tr	7	he said putting down the scalding Starbucks .
tr	5	" The Capitol , to Prince Daniel , " Catherine informed him .
tr	9	Finding Raphael less cocky than the previous night , Danny 's confidence grew .
tr	6	" He 's right , " Logan whispered .
tr	8	So we asked the brothers to procure a carriage somehow .
tr	10	" Shouldn 't we go back inside before a pack of wolves come and chews me up ? "
tr	7	Then the words sank in , and she rose slowly to her feet .
tr	7	There 's another clear bead of energy .
tr	7	I know and trust you , of course , but I don 't know these men .
tr	7	The difference was in his determinedly proud bearing .
tr	6	It shines a brilliant red only then , otherwise it is a dull red hue . "
tr	6	Tuck felt it too , now , and he and I stood .
tr	9	" Yes , something suspicious , like a helicopter swooping in and flying away without landing . "
tr	7	One day on the way to their prison , Bradley noticed the absence of John .
tr	9	" Would you like to try without the chains ? "
tr	9	So far , Signor Beppe had proven to be a great mentor .
tr	9	" I know where we 're going next ! "
tr	11	She is lying on top of me , very silent , and bleeding badly .
tr	6	" But in others you remain the dunce . "
tr	7	The tranquil infant resting deep within the pram had lasted as long as her first latte .
tr	8	Then I rejoined the A17 and was in Sleaford an hour later .
tr	6	You know the rules , you play the game , you lose , you pay the price .
tr	8	You can even trick Mrs. Jones , the lie detector , " Daniel said .
tr	11	" And how does Joseph suggest that we accomplish this ?
tr	10	Abby 's rummaging stopped as she flipped her hair over her shoulder and stared at him over that same shoulder .
tr	9	For the first time Nathan allowed all the tension to flow out of him .
tr	11	Claire 's eyes narrowed at his reaction , wondering if her words had been too harsh .
tr	6	First the clothing , then his attempts at soothing her fears , and now this dream studio .
tr	11	We just set up a few strategically placed smoke blasters to add a little excitement to their lives .
tr	6	" I appreciate your candor , " said Reggie in the stunned silence .
tr	11	That thought made him sit up and start washing hurriedly .
tr	7	" Do you have it ? "
tr	8	Come , let us rejoin the others . "
tr	8	He counted as he circled the great room .
tr	6	" Ashley , this is Gansey , " Declan said , in his pleasant , neutral voice .
tr	6	Maybe she was kidnapped later that day ?
tr	8	He held two tin plates of stewed lamb and soda bread and offered her one .
tr	11	Message from Benedict wondering if he could borrow my motorcycle .
tr	6	Bored and victorious , what more could a man ask for ?
tr	7	Monti gets out of the car , watches for a few minutes , and says his goodbyes .
tr	7	We cook , dine , read , lounge , argue , live , and fence all within the space .
tr	11	The room was small , gauging by how the voices did not echo .
tr	7	As I leaned back , a sense of determined calm now rested in his eyes .
tr	6	In their turn the sun 's rays clothed the mountains in different colours and shades .
tr	8	She scanned the roof and found a few broken pieces of cement .
tr	8	" Anyway , " Gabe continues , " the sites don 't bring in a lot , but it 's enough .
tr	10	" All right , " the Prince said quickly , anxious to change the subject .
tr	11	He grabbed David 's fork and began to eat his second breakfast of the day .
tr	8	I removed the katana from the Hunter 's body and walked to the fallen pair .
tr	8	I 'll fly some laps , I need to clear my aching head anyway . "
tr	10	All these gases can be found in space , as can water .
tr	11	" I thought you said you killed them . "
tr	8	Archie noticed him looking at it .
tr	10	The old hermit 's voice quivers and he struggles to keep his gaze on me .
tr	7	In his other was a large cup filled with black coffee .
tr	9	" We 'll have to move fast . "
tr	10	It was no secret I hated the little brat and I wasn 't about to hold back .
tr	11	There 's no evidence you were involved in anything .
tr	5	I added , hastily , " My standard fees apply . "
tr	9	The king can think of no men more deserving of these posts .
tr	10	It was supposed to protect against vampires !
tr	7	There was a fresh dressing on his head .
tr	11	Grain was his own worst enemy and could not be trusted not to blurt out something incriminating .
tr	10	She stopped and turned , flicking open the lid on the lighter and striking a flame .
tr	9	These pensive thoughts ended as a black train puffed into the station .
tr	10	Each took one long step back from the other and sank down to sit cross-legged on the packed dirt .
tr	10	They hissed upon entrance , steam billowing into the cave .
tr	8	The pauses of darkness between the light were getting longer and longer .
tr	7	The surrounding sounds were different here as well ; the insect activity had ceased completely .
tr	8	Out of the corner of his eye Bradley saw another late person running though the grassy area to the classroom .
tr	10	I don 't know what 's going on .
tr	8	Staring into his eyes , she asked , " Who killed him ? "
tr	7	Finger by finger , I pulled my hand away from the wall .
tr	7	She swept through the house , ordering changes throughout .
tr	8	" What would you like to know ? "
tr	6	At Robin 's announcement , Robert automatically touched his cheek , his fingertips coming away smeared in blood .
tr	10	" And besides , you 're judging him about what you know now .
tr	9	Take your time John there 's no hurry . "
tr	11	Let him think I 'm weak .
tr	10	Andy began to take note of his surroundings in greater detail .
tr	11	Chris looked up and saw he had a puzzled look on his face .
tr	11	David says she 's taking a bit of time off from Cambridge .
tr	8	' It wasn 't meant to be . '
tr	5	" No , just your dex bonus , " Cass corrected .
tr	7	Finally he lifted his head , white as a sheet , and wiped his mouth shakily on his sleeve .
tr	8	" She was one winter older than me , I think nineteen this year . "
tr	9	The crystal is now in hiding from its enemies .
tr	11	He got on the bus and was grateful to find a free seat and sit down .
tr	10	I also understand that doing nothing could result in the same outcome .
tr	9	In his own environment , he seemed human , almost normal , other than acting like a bird .
tr	6	" Come , Adele , this is unlike you ! "
tr	6	Liza and her boss , Richard Jensen , went back a long way .
tr	9	He didn 't want to look back .
tr	6	' Quite right too , ' she said , ' the way things are going . '
tr	11	He decided to keep it as a keepsake of the battle .
tr	9	Dinner was going to be meatloaf .
tr	10	Asked Lea , who was getting nervous .
tr	8	This alloy panel with all of its added elements is the outer skin of a spacecraft .
tr	11	" I used to be one of ' em , remember ?
tr	9	And everything had been much clearer and more straightforward in that world of the distant past .
tr	9	He specializes in the breeding and general farm management and was highly recommended by people well respected in the industry .
tr	8	He intended to uncover that secret .
tr	7	Making his way over to her desk , Wes leaned over and planted a brotherly kiss on her cheek .
tr	7	But across the gorge to the east , it was nothing but a sheer mountain cliff .
tr	8	the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
tr	7	Cade fished a chain out of his shirt and held up a large silver ring .
tr	10	I smiled and cheese practically fell out my mouth it was so fake .
tr	7	" Yes , yes , of course , you are right , my dear , " he replied .
tr	9	They sat in silence as the sheep and their shepherd moved slowly across the road .
tr	9	" It was only the thing 's outsides that were warded .
tr	11	It really comes down to how I will get there .
tr	6	" Because like advice , a good technique is also a good technique , " Aidan smiled .
tr	6	Another time , the insubordinate Woodpecker saluted a small Goldfinch with his right wing .
tr	10	We could not have chosen a more opportune time to begin this crossing .
tr	11	" Just trying to make myself useful . "
tr	7	They discussed the matter for several minutes and their course was decided .
tr	7	Claire heard voices outside the lounge door and the hairs on her arm rose .
tr	5	Just a mile away , the peasants ' farms began .
tr	7	This is extraordinary work , a once-in-a-lifetime achievement , from extraordinary men .
tr	7	This time I heard it snap .
tr	5	Five crimson nails for the black pillar !
tr	8	The sun had finished its march to the west and lay softly down behind the mountains .
tr	11	" Of course I won 't tell Mum , if you don 't want me to .
tr	7	At a gentle prod to his arm , he shifted his attention back to Zoe .
tr	9	This book may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	9	What 's going on in there , brain ?
tr	9	" If I can I will come after you , but you are not to wait . "
tr	10	The Prince reined in his horse abruptly and the others all stopped to look at him .
tr	8	' Tis not my wish to hurt you . "
tr	10	In case you don 't know , Jen , Tern Hill is the headquarters of the Irish Regiment .
tr	11	She suggested they retire to the drawing room for coffee .
tr	10	" I 'm going to help Boris ready the plane . "
tr	10	Just then , one of the animals gave a scream of fear and the line snapped .
tr	6	Better than any stealth fighter or bomber the Air Force has .
tr	10	We climbed over the big rocks and boulders that made up the mountain .
tr	8	I felt woozy , dazed , unsteady on my feet .
tr	10	" I 've had to start all over , but I will find it .
tr	9	I kept a lookout while he packed some bare essentials in a large rucksack .
tr	9	" Phew , thank goodness we 've frightened it off ! "
tr	10	Thankfully there had never been the need to say very much .
tr	10	You say there are hundreds of these ? "
tr	6	Without knowing , my glass fell from my hand .
tr	6	If I concentrate , I can catch their words .
tr	7	It was quite widespread ... in Leeds , Newcastle , Liverpool and Birmingham .
tr	9	They looked as if they were about the same age .
tr	9	They had reason to be scared .
tr	10	It was definitely cooler in the grotto and Rick was starting to shiver uncontrollably .
tr	7	God damn you , why did you call me here ?
tr	5	" No , m ' Lady , he did not break .
tr	7	After it became dark , Wolf Eyes slowly moved away from his post and back to his own party .
tr	7	" Yeah , well , she probably already had her laptop running . "
tr	7	He was looking down at his hands .
tr	7	" You can also drop the knife behind your back . "
tr	10	' You don 't want John seeing you like this , ' Amy said .
tr	10	Not only did the military forget about these treasures , they also wanted nothing to do with Garden Grave .
tr	9	Not knowing what to say , I grabbed the man 's shoulder , squeezing it hard .
tr	7	For how long , we don 't know , so our movements must be decisive .
tr	6	She couldn 't help but think any day now .
tr	6	Maybe it wasn 't a hoof print , but a star and crescent moon .
tr	8	The halls started filling with students .
tr	5	Inside it , a single fat pupa hung off the glass wall .
tr	9	" Keep food from summer to eat in winter . "
tr	5	" Ahh , gross , " Chan said , but then he snickered .
tr	11	But it sounded to me that Spartan might have been in the right .
tr	6	The old , the infirm , the sick , and the very young were sent one way .
tr	11	' Well , I 'm not sure I can wait up for her .
tr	6	" By the king himself , I have never seen the like .
tr	10	He had built it hastily , using the most basic of materials .
tr	8	He ascended the steps to the side porch and pushed the kitchen door the rest of the way open .
tr	9	Not only had I inherited Topsy with three of my aircraft , I had also inherited his barbeque .
tr	8	You thought you were ready .
tr	7	" Dr. Kendall , so good to have you here today , " the proprietor said .
tr	9	" I 'm quite a mess , aren 't I ? "
tr	8	Butch reached into the truck cab and pulled out his newly acquired M4 rifle .
tr	9	" I did not like to wake her . "
tr	9	A long whistle began , rising like a scream , getting louder and louder .
tr	11	Andy only had to walk a few metres off the track for it to disappear behind him .
tr	10	" That 's right , if I let you , which I will .
tr	7	" There is no strength or safety but in God ! "
tr	7	It helps keep my mind sharp ! "
tr	8	Lilly Ann greeted Taylor as he opened the door .
tr	8	You see , most people choose to be infected .
tr	10	I have to get Mr. Greene to the Wench .
tr	11	She accepted the limitations of her life style and settled down to re-assemble her mother 's stud farm , electronically .
tr	6	A moment later , Mr. Dee , the principal , came into the room .
tr	8	' Looks like this is the only way up , ' I muttered while further shots pinged off the walls .
tr	7	Dash it all , Miriam thought .
tr	9	There was just a hint of panic in his voice .
tr	10	Jon hesitated , not knowing what to do .
tr	7	An enormous hand descended on the Prince and yanked him into the air .
tr	7	Vulcan let the grate drop to the harbor floor and then signaled his team leader forward .
tr	10	It was such a case one night at a small fire beside a creek on a hunting trip .
tr	6	The following morning found Nightingale outside the Wicca Woman shop in Camden Town a few minutes before ten .
tr	6	He was an earnest sort , a good soldier and a good man , besides .
tr	5	Did you hit your head ? "
tr	11	I looked up from the paper in front of me and shaded my eyes with one hand .
tr	9	" You know , what you did to my guardians . "
tr	7	" How do you know about us ? "
tr	9	I 'm talking about us , you and I , " said Sampson .
tr	11	" What do you want we should do with the body ? "
tr	8	Maybe he 'll slip on them , but he doesn 't .
tr	10	I stopped and stared at the man who had spoken .
tr	10	We know a Mexican place run by real Mexicans just outside of campus .
tr	7	said the immortal as Bruno dragged him hastily backwards .
tr	8	' We borrowed them from a local construction site , ' said Friedrich by way of explanation at our stares .
tr	9	Nevertheless , they enjoyed the major blessing of unfailing electrical power .
tr	10	His meager amount of initiative will have to do for now .
tr	7	A wave of lassitude had engulfed her only twenty minutes into her three-hour drive to Liverpool .
tr	10	We 'd been unsuccessful for nearly a week , and I was determined to track down our prey .
tr	8	I wanted to bring Eloise .
tr	9	My mind was running wild with so many unwelcome thoughts keeping sleep away .
tr	10	Talon smiled as he watched them disappear .
tr	6	Beneath the golden dragon emblem on her shoulder was the single silver ensign bar .
tr	11	He found Archie downstairs surrounded by a mess of maps , charts and other paper .
tr	10	They spent a half an hour getting acquainted and Missy was actually thinking that this was fun and interesting .
tr	7	Books filled a bookshelf near the window and on an end table .
tr	9	One of the drivers slowed down slightly to take in the little scene .
tr	5	" By the bugs , little one , " he said merrily .
tr	5	Twelve years among the bones of the dead !
tr	9	" It was about time you called , " Jess said from the other line .
tr	7	Do I look stupid ? "
tr	6	" A nut job , " concluded the older man , but the younger guard was not so jaded .
tr	11	She thought you a prince , and Truth only knows what she thought of me , " declared Elaina .
tr	9	" Yes , " answered Anderson , " you 're now the JP 's one and only tank commander .
tr	10	There was a bump as the top of the cage hit the underside of the jutting rock .
tr	7	Reid finally rose to his feet and joined me .
tr	10	They did not have to search for long .
tr	9	A sheepish grin crept his face as he dove again towards his trunk .
tr	9	" Except when you 're killing people . "
tr	7	He quietly sneaked into the house and up the stairs .
tr	6	" Now you may leave us . "
tr	10	I don 't have any way to tell time .
tr	11	Ted struggled to maintain his balance as he set the two heavy buckets down .
tr	9	" You can see the date " 86 " right here in the middle of your coin .
tr	7	Without being obvious , she edged between the Dog group and her companion .
tr	9	" Callahan was sent to me by some very serious people in the drug business .
tr	6	" But ... every so often , for the past few weeks , there 's another presence there .
tr	6	eight for sure I think .
tr	11	Sofia looked around , hoping to see his face but he never show himself .
tr	5	suggested Maggie and both men again rolled their eyes .
tr	6	" Is there more than us ? "
tr	5	Antiques stores , art galleries , jewelers , gift shops , bookstores , and restaurants abounded .
tr	8	she asked , looking about the room .
tr	8	" You are cleared to engage . "
tr	7	And the guards are keeping people away from it !
tr	8	" Ready to hear chapter eight ? "
tr	8	The Minister swiped his hand over the glowing glass , and the door began to disappear , revealing the devastation behind .
tr	10	John is not allowed to play with you ! "
tr	9	" It first uses two hybrid rockets with a mixture of solid and liquid fuels .
tr	10	I was hoping to make him laugh .
tr	7	" How long will this take , " Blizzard asked .
tr	7	" I am in control , " I tell him through gritted teeth .
tr	7	There were no guards , and it made him wary .
tr	10	" Let 's say that I am .
tr	9	Her muscles relaxed , and Valerian broke away and put the table between them .
tr	5	" Very good , Mister President , " said the man .
tr	10	Sleep on it and give me a call in the morning with ideas . "
tr	8	I haven 't even opened it yet , " he snapped in response .
tr	6	The mood in the room changed to a little uneasiness blended with strong approval and calm acceptance .
tr	8	This officially started the courtship between Three Baskets and Red Talon .
tr	11	He thought that they could develop some kind of genetic cure or treatment for the disease . "
tr	8	Mirai reached out and placed a calming hand on the girl 's head .
tr	8	" Head across Tudor Village ; keep the buildings between you and the UN .
tr	9	He retrieved the shovel and stood , panting with excitement , next to Sarah .
tr	10	I overheard ' em makin ' their plans an ' followed ' em here .
tr	6	The bus stopped again and again and each time the scenery became more impressive .
tr	9	Hailey made sure her instructions were specific .
tr	8	" Nothing , " Fritz winked at him , " Just think of me once in a while .
tr	8	Dane nodded his agreement , and in a couple of minutes the plan was put into operation .
tr	5	" No , no , Helena , you did the right thing , grazie .
tr	8	Shots sang past my ears from behind , the draft from the bullets ruffling my hair .
tr	10	It has never been this way that I know of .
tr	9	Please come by and say hello if you have time .
tr	10	She began to patiently wait for Natalie , but still Natalie did not come .
tr	8	He followed Wolf Eyes down into the maze of tunnels .
tr	9	They both knew he could do it .
tr	6	Your delivery and electrical problems are your concern , not mine . "
tr	5	It was a thin , wide , evil smile .
tr	8	" Well , when you first told me about your father , you were still frightened from your kidnapping attempt .
tr	7	Eventually , new muskets in hand , we became the captors .
tr	6	' Mrs , er , Whitlow is , er , a lady , ' he said .
tr	10	" Wait , " I call as he turns to leave .
tr	8	All the while , the image of Anna 's lifeless face burned at the front of my mind .
tr	9	" Where do we go when we 're done ? "
tr	6	It was heavy , and hard , like a stone .
tr	11	Things started to go wrong when the Feds got involved .
tr	10	I lay on my stomach , gripping the head of the table and keeping my hands in plain sight .
tr	7	I stepped in the room and made my way over to her dresser .
tr	7	She put a biscuit on the saucer , and she handed it to him .
tr	5	' Oh my God , the invasion , it 's started ! '
tr	9	Closing her mouth so fast her teeth clicked , she hastily replied , " Oh .
tr	10	Tell me how this came to be . "
tr	7	Mummy Bear took the wand and turned the fairy frog back into a godmother .
tr	10	What will he have to do for her in the future ?
tr	11	" Grandpa says I need to accept this new reality .
tr	8	He had set himself up as the middleman ... ... .
tr	11	He seemed to know where to go .
tr	6	" Ah Mom , why can 't you just drive us ?
tr	6	" That minute can be an eternity though !
tr	7	A rhino moved quickly to just beneath us and pushed against the dock support beam .
tr	5	" Yeah , right , " Kevin Manning , the head trainer called out .
tr	8	Gently , Scott eased his hands under the still docile coyote and lifted him .
tr	8	He knew where it came from .
tr	9	Not being a particularly well-liked person , Jonesy was quite surprised that anybody anywhere would actually call out his name .
tr	6	" The truth is out there ! "
tr	7	He looked up at Sarah and she nodded .
tr	6	" But the shields on her ship are ... magical . "
tr	8	Besides , I was the one running that office , and apparently this happened right under my nose . "
tr	8	By Sunday lunchtime the friends had gathered in the living room and provided Calvin only two options .
tr	9	" What did ma and you have to discuss all afternoon ? "
tr	7	The halls between the consulting division and the research division were quiet .
tr	9	" I would speak to your king in private . "
tr	7	" I purchased a small bottle of Jack Daniels at the base .
tr	5	" It 's our mission . "
tr	5	" No , they 're not , " he yelled back .
tr	10	" I did not notice that you were much surprised , Master . "
tr	11	' We 're not exactly being set up to fail here , ' Trudie said .
tr	8	Six hundred and sixty six miles of the roughest terrain you 've ever seen .
tr	8	But then they were confronted with new misfortunes : quickly and unexpectedly father literally died in Mama 's arms .
tr	10	Another group of stone-faced soldiers jogged by as she turned the corner to her office .
tr	11	" Would you be so kind as to give me this dance , Mademoiselle ? "
tr	9	Rain patters against the windows of the SUV , and I shiver .
tr	8	Like I said , I 'm just a sales rep who ... " " Shut up " said George .
tr	9	" He will start the second round tonight and we better be here when he does .
tr	11	Plus , they told him stuff most people don 't know .
tr	8	I then made a brief statement to the gathered throng , briefly explaining the reasoning behind my actions .
tr	9	" While you were down here relaxing , many things happened , as I have explained , " said Jacob .
tr	8	It 's ... complicated ... " " Say no more ... " " When this is over , " she added .
tr	10	Collin looked distraught , standing there beside the body of his closest friend .
tr	9	" Do we also have garlic ? "
tr	9	Ted finally worked up the courage to break the silence .
tr	5	" You didn 't , " I say , my voice still raspy .
tr	8	" Hi Dave , how about a drink this evening ? "
tr	9	The girl seemed as if she was in a coma .
tr	9	' On the other hand , I wouldn 't mind getting my fingers on that little beauty . '
tr	9	The air pressed downwards like a burden , and I couldn 't help but look over my shoulder every few moments .
tr	10	Esmerelda exclaimed , " I be looking for Mr. Robinson .
tr	11	People cried out that we were going to die .
tr	10	Even he understood what I meant to say .
tr	8	" Hai , Hai , " said Tsuyoshi with a hint of resignation in his voice .
tr	10	" I don 't know , boss , " Jim seemed to be searching for words .
tr	8	The city demanded taxes , but did not provide anything in return .
tr	10	I do not think it will be so much longer . "
tr	10	" Didn 't you see the way he looked at you at breakfast .
tr	11	Again that wasn 't the answer I wanted to hear .
tr	8	" At the moment , we must make do with hired rooms . "
tr	8	That had to be them .
tr	10	" You need to study a lot for this " .
tr	11	And when she open her mouth to say something , the waiter came with our orders .
tr	8	She 's been there nearly nine months and just finished . "
tr	7	Muscles bulged across his shoulders and rippled under his tailored trousers .
tr	8	OK let 's get on with it .
tr	6	" But it never will be ; the boy likes me ! "
tr	7	It 's also one of the ways into the tunnels . '
tr	10	Nathan dropped back down into the ditch pulling David with him .
tr	7	Len kept his eyes on the water when he answered .
tr	8	As he ate he thought about the boy sitting across from him .
tr	11	He 'd have to get by with less help .
tr	11	I ducked my head as much as possible , attempting to avoid his gaze at all costs .
tr	9	It seemed to affect him all the more .
tr	8	Some days I don 't move more than ten miles from hostel to hostel .
tr	8	* Avi sat on the worn , plush bench seat facing the street door .
tr	6	It was too intense , the force to two strong fighters grappled the air around us powerfully .
tr	8	The stupid attendant tripped me and my mother right into the woman 's remains . "
tr	11	I pumped my arms and tucked my head , hoping my wig wouldn 't fly off .
tr	7	Wiping my eyes , I gazed in horror as Fuchs rose .
tr	6	His hands fiddle with nothing .
tr	8	" That orange paint sticks out like a sore thumb in the woods .
tr	8	Tiny blinking blue lights appear on the projection in the areas where Doctor Hartman had highlighted .
tr	8	Of course , he forgot about all that when Penny walked in .
tr	9	Far below , beyond the house gardens , a deep , wide furrow plowed through the thick woods .
tr	6	" Because it 's ... " I watched his aviator sunglasses tilt towards me in the rear view mirror .
tr	7	" Their social groups are called harems , " he began .
tr	7	" I crush dreams for a living .
tr	10	" Were you trying to cut me too ?
tr	11	It felt as if he were branding her with every touch and every kiss .
tr	10	" I can 't tell which direction to go now .
tr	5	" Of course , darling , " Zena said in her best film star voice .
tr	6	Instead a heavily armoured lead pair holding a two-man enforcer battering ram leaped out of the first carrier .
tr	7	Mr. Clancy then stepped forward and knelt in the dirt .
tr	10	" I guess that seems like a plausible explanation , " said Melody .
tr	6	Rafe 's eyes locked on his .
tr	7	The tone , even more than the actual words , conveyed a great deal of hostility .
tr	7	" Who else would wander here ? "
tr	6	" I so much enjoyed the musical entertainment , " continued the enthusiastic Avery , " especially the fiddles .
tr	9	Alejo released her hair and she turned to see the newcomers , face still flaming .
tr	9	The scientist 's joke was so audacious that everyone doubled over with laughter .
tr	8	He lost his life partner ( my grandmother ) only half a cycle after their bonding ceremony .
tr	6	" Help me up , sweetie , " Sarah said .
tr	7	The rest of the dinner was a combination of European and Malaysian cuisine .
tr	10	" Stop here , " Melody said , drawing her Smith and Wesson from its holster .
tr	7	Yet , even after the students excavated her , she hadn 't looked like much .
tr	7	The blacksmith was shorter with thick arms , a stocky figure , full black beard , and a barreled chest .
tr	9	Sam stood before the desk , just to the left where a door led to his own office .
tr	8	* " So where are they ? "
tr	10	Missy handed them up and asked him if he wanted the stirrups adjusted .
tr	8	" From what you 've told me Terry ... . .
tr	10	How are you going to plan for that ? '
tr	10	It had never been his custom to shirk it .
tr	6	" What 's the tracker say , my Laird ? "
tr	9	We need to keep going .
tr	9	She reached out and touched the send button in the upper right corner of her interface .
tr	11	Claire looked up at the suspended monorail pods hanging like giant fruit on a silver vine .
tr	9	I 'm about to kick your butt .
tr	10	" I 'll have Mason hit his house as soon as possible . "
tr	6	" That was the theory , " said William , " but we never tested it . "
tr	7	" Go put away your things and get back here .
tr	6	Waste of bloody time that .
tr	9	" Where do you think those missiles are going ?
tr	7	The jeweller came to the door , saw Charlie and opened it slightly .
tr	7	A row of emergency vehicles , the source of the flashing lights , waited on the street behind them .
tr	10	Easier to push on with her travels and concentrate on the blog .
tr	6	The three made quick time in their retreat back to the canoe .
tr	6	Throughout it all , I breathed deeply and steadily .
tr	9	" You see , Johnny , the game makes no sense " said Phillip .
tr	10	You 've seen the others do it and they 've all been fine , haven 't they ? "
tr	5	But no , the king 's face is much too square .
tr	5	" Wait , " he hissed ; his voice low and commanding .
tr	6	That man is skilled beyond all in the wild .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , Mr. Banks , you done got that right ! "
tr	11	There was something he had to know .
tr	11	A few days can 't hurt ... I 'll have to speak to Kate though .
tr	9	" The captain set me straight quickly after he rescued me .
tr	10	Noah squinted at their tickets , and then found the seat numbers on the right side , pretty near the front .
tr	9	Wolf Eyes explained how it was done , and the chief grunted his approval .
tr	10	This was the last time she would come , she had said .
tr	7	A Bastian tech gave Victor a handful of pictures .
tr	8	His actions were in the interests of peace . "
tr	10	" I think you can start with the beginning .
tr	7	" You have my word as a Marine , Ryan , " VIN replied .
tr	10	' Ah , that explains why you 're all over Capital FM .
tr	11	She stopped talking as a voice came over the loud speaker .
tr	6	Just then a deep , reverberating growl rolled up from the underbrush .
tr	6	" There 's just one other thing , " Andy said .
tr	9	She feels the energy shift between them and it happens so easily ; she is his woman again .
tr	7	Chapter 23 Cheyenne , Wyoming Paul rolled over , groggy , forced his eyes open and checked the clock .
tr	11	Did she keep you entertained ? "
tr	8	" Think on it , in any case , " Virgil said , emptying his glass down his throat .
tr	6	With a sound much like Velcro , Thomas forced his legs through the frosty pants .
tr	9	" We had a choice , " Gabe insists though I did not challenge him .
tr	9	She parked in the forecourt of the rather stately looking hotel in Worcester and took the lift to the top floor .
tr	10	There were clamps on almost every surface of the vessel and some of them would have to be replaced .
tr	8	" I 'll go out with him , " said Victoria .
tr	11	He could feel the wicked edge of the knife pressing against his throat .
tr	9	I felt like I did change it . "
tr	7	I kneel down next to the man .
tr	8	Glimmer of Hope Glimmer of Hope Copyright © 2012 by Charles R. King .
tr	10	Pull in past the guard house , and I 'll get you a cup of coffee . "
tr	7	Finn stood up , flicked his cigarette butt into the bushes and abruptly walked off the porch .
tr	11	I guess we have to wait now .
tr	7	Shooting at their rear will only delay a few boats and maybe even speed them up . "
tr	6	" You are a liar , " I muttered , and gave Melody an apologetic look .
tr	6	Jessamine and Sophie , released , tumbled to the ground , both gasping but clearly still alive .
tr	7	He was wearing brown slacks and a tan button-down shirt , with wool slippers .
tr	11	" We are needed , desperately once more to heed the call to duty .
tr	7	It 's still hanging in my closet at home .
tr	11	Galilee understood what Beth had meant to ask .
tr	8	" The terrain is pretty flat , so it should only take us about 30 to 40 minutes . "
tr	6	A gleam of silver blinded him again for a moment .
tr	7	Annie : dresses like a Sunday evening period drama , lives with her granddad ... and fights like a ninja .
tr	7	What else to write though ?
tr	9	But I 'm glad you dropped in .
tr	7	Why had Mr. Clancy held such deep secrets from his past ?
tr	10	" Roger that , " replied Jonesy now confident his readouts were accurate .
tr	7	His dad said , finally stopping the car .
tr	6	Abbey , Serena , and Jake followed the dirt path further into the forest .
tr	7	Gabe turns in his chair and shrugs .
tr	6	But you did ask , and I answered . "
tr	9	Zelda pleads , reaching out to her once again .
tr	7	Victor walked across , kissed her on the cheeks and took it off her .
tr	8	His heavy boots make a distinctive click sound as magnetic coils in the sole activate .
tr	7	Writing a quick letter to our distant son , I prayed for his safety .
tr	9	A prison could be viewed under the Security occupation but it also could be viewed under Shelter .
tr	7	Off with his head , and give the people a good show . "
tr	7	The captain blanched , but after a moment nodded his head .
tr	8	He made her stand up , stripping the wet dress from her .
tr	6	He held up the key , hopped back up the steps , and unlocked the front door .
tr	8	Then we will be sealed to her . "
tr	6	Her painted red lips and glossy white teeth smiled up at me in sharp contrast to her pale skin .
tr	5	In their place , six Indonesian soldiers climbed the hill .
tr	7	At home Michael and Ben went through everything with ' dad ' right down to the smallest detail .
tr	9	" OK then ... your two major assets are in place in Guatemala City and Puerto Barrios .
tr	7	He scares everyone , but he knows friend from foe . "
tr	11	An assuring nod later , Link squeezes her shoulder assuredly before backing away and climbing back onto Epona 's saddle .
tr	5	Rule four , let 's have some fun ! "
tr	5	" Whatcha think , isn 't she a beauty ?
tr	10	He was calmer now being close to her .
tr	11	The porcelain was so fine that the light shone right through it , making the cup glow .
tr	9	Wolf Eyes was like a cat ready to spring , watching his prey intently -- unblinking like a cat .
tr	10	I wasn 't going to stick my fingers in there ! "
tr	5	Like all shamans , he probably crossed over every now and then .
tr	7	I crossed Broadway and Park Avenue , and finally turned right onto Lexington .
tr	9	His gaze slipped from Howard to follow Grant 's confused stare .
tr	11	" You never know what kind of contribution you might make until it happens .
tr	11	He landed hard on his side and didn 't move , save for the movement of his ragged breathing .
tr	6	Thompson 's hand blindly searched the desktop and found a heavy , metallic staple gun .
tr	7	" Yeah , don 't mention it , " Wilbur murmured .
tr	7	The trunk of the tree , however , exerted its own rigidity , resisting the pull of gravity on its branch .
tr	10	She turned to frown at him , but he was staring past her , over her shoulder .
tr	6	Harold and the others looked at each other slightly in awe .
tr	7	There was movement behind me .
tr	10	Whichever dingo is the closest will be the first hunted .
tr	8	" Your mothers are remarkable people , but their childhoods were spent in happier times and conditions than yours .
tr	9	A short whistle from behind and to his right revealed the captain was in the alley beside the inn .
tr	7	Kneeling down , Spike pulled off his gloves , gripped the lid firmly , and heaved it open .
tr	7	Peters flails her arms and legs , grunts , gurgles then goes limp .
tr	9	But sometimes , Bump reasoned , you just have to get the blood moving .
tr	6	When the news broadcast ends , Timothy and the other scientists are in disbelief .
tr	9	It felt good to be back .
tr	11	They do need to be involved .
tr	8	But beneath it all , the Prince of Ravens could sense blood and hate , as he always had .
tr	6	" It 's not working , " discovered his adopted sister with fright .
tr	8	asked Rafe keeping his tone carefully natural .
tr	9	If he were in town or nearby , he wouldn 't have stayed away so long .
tr	9	She was responding to a question from David concerning George Mudd .
tr	8	he sends her stuff from time to time .
tr	5	But no , even in my animal form , I was a klutz .
tr	9	" You 've got to be kidding .
tr	5	" Oh Dad , " she whined .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	9	Somewhere in those grey eyes was the smallest flicker of warmth as delight lit Elaina 's face .
tr	11	It was exhausting trying to be normal .
tr	11	They had many children together ... Seven to be precise : two girls and five boys .
tr	9	Do you have one ? "
tr	8	As Sarah jumped out of the car .
tr	8	" It 's to help Gan .
tr	10	One more spy team was set to come through , and I was screwed .
tr	7	Again , he rinsed out the interior of the wound with ' moonshine ' and his makeshift saline solution .
tr	7	I sheathed the swords and drew the guns at my hips .
tr	10	It was stone underneath , " Josie said , finally looking up from the fire .
tr	10	Alejo , in the center of them all , was the target of all of the guns ' aim .
tr	5	His face , so chiseled and perfect , is dark and shadowed now .
tr	10	" I don 't want to talk about it . "
tr	10	Spend the day in the city before heading out to the hostel later ? "
tr	10	And read he did , he digested material .
tr	8	" Ok Commander you know what to do ! "
tr	7	" You walking out made quite the impression , " Bill 's voice boomed from the speakers .
tr	7	" The people of the city shut their gates and shot arrows at our people from the walls .
tr	10	There were only two people in front of him , and at least ten taxis waiting for fares .
tr	6	" For the giraffes , " Chris answered , smiling .
tr	9	Sarah could see how upset the older woman was and it unnerved her to see it .
tr	6	Yes , I made mistakes , but he overreacted .
tr	11	Missy was thinking that this weekend had turned out pretty fun after all .
tr	9	" I wouldn 't want to do calculus .
tr	11	The morning after it happened , we were supposed to fly to Puerto Rico together for his brother 's wedding .
tr	9	He is doing something with his hands ... she stepped closer to the lace screening her from their view .
tr	8	As he continued with manual compressions he called out once more , " Charge to thirty . "
tr	7	His voice in the darkness surprised me ; the moon was a sliver .
tr	10	She was trying not to think about that .
tr	11	If they believe that Lucas is out of their way , they will get bolder .
tr	10	You have to stop asking questions .
tr	11	DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU 'RE SAYING ?
tr	6	His voice was hoarse and his face seemed suddenly too pale .
tr	7	Standing , back to the window the morning 's light exploded around her silhouette -- all legs and curves .
tr	6	Anna 's eyes reflected the fear in her voice .
tr	8	Beyond that was a commercial dock that served a number of businesses , including a lobster wholesaler and a lumberyard .
tr	5	I took you in ? "
tr	8	" Who said anything about cutting ? "
tr	9	They were beginning to trust me .
tr	5	After all , her reputation and her image fed the girl next door persona .
tr	10	Brazen responded in his best smartass tone , " You just told us to stay seated , chief . "
tr	7	Scott asked , knowing her keen night vision .
tr	11	He smiled , stroking the bluish cheek before he walked out of her cabin .
tr	9	Bringer of little chills all up and down me , mostly when he isn 't trying .
tr	11	" I hate it when you say that , " Sarah said , gathering dishes to take to the kitchen .
tr	6	A soft howling cry erupted from her throat .
tr	9	He 's talking to the rest of our Councils as we speak . '
tr	7	" No , no , at a ... a hotel ... umm the Umeda OS Hotel . "
tr	10	" I want to make my mum 's last few days comfortable and memorable . "
tr	5	After a hearty laugh , Alessandro asked , " So you didn 't propose ? "
tr	6	I know somewhere , somehow this is funny .
tr	8	" You are not weak because you needed help .
tr	8	Frankie threatened , struggling against the ropes .
tr	8	He looked down at his Hawaiian print , bright yellow shorts , " Hmmm .
tr	5	" Barrage , modulated noise , and cover pulse are all activated and locked . "
tr	8	If I 'm safe , I 'll tug on the rope four times , OK ? "
tr	5	Not mother , daughter , sister and nephew , the way people would think .
tr	9	The ninja was now running through the mall 's lower levels , still trailing smoke and flame .
tr	5	Despite all our differences , though , Ada was my sister .
tr	7	Months to rebuild , was it ?
tr	10	But we 've got to go more than a thousand miles , hauling a reluctant Prince along the way .
tr	11	" I be keepin ' me head down , gettin ' the lay of the land , " he began .
tr	10	Grandma 's laundry room was down there , too , as well as what the boys considered a playroom .
tr	8	" But I don 't care about that , " Miriam argued .
tr	6	As quickly as possible , we sent the vehicle off down the deserted street .
tr	10	The far wall contained the bathroom and laundry , with a hot-tub between the two smaller rooms .
tr	11	Sofia smiled thinking of the mother she have never met .
tr	8	His black eyes never left her face which she found a little disconcerting .
tr	6	Chapter 12 : Intimacy The next night after class , I met Bane at the pool hall .
tr	6	Undeterred by the rain , the kid with the red beret took out a rolled cigarette and lit up .
tr	11	( What would you like to eat here today ? )
tr	6	" So are my closets , " said Rowan , and there came again that bright smile .
tr	8	Most of his food and supplies were still stored downstairs in the basement .
tr	8	" Silly children , meddling in things you don 't understand . "
tr	9	He unbuckled his seatbelt , grabbed the keys and the two-way then slid out and hurried around to the passenger side .
tr	9	He smiled at the little girl 's questioning gaze then took the med kit from his brother .
tr	8	It had walls of woven grass mats and a roof of layered hickory strips .
tr	7	" Such an endeavour as this requires careful handling , " King Ine murmured thoughtfully .
tr	8	It was a heavy , strange-looking machine , made of brass .
tr	5	After further discussion , the only two people not going were Roland and Shaya .
tr	10	Sebastian was sarcastic because he was angry with himself .
tr	9	They continued to stare at it .
tr	10	He could hear footsteps behind him , somebody younger , faster catching him up .
tr	8	Without waiting for us , she turned and took off up the stairs .
tr	10	They seem to be very curious about us .
tr	5	' Yes , she is , ' I said stiffly .
tr	8	They 're probably way ahead by now , " he said in a low voice .
tr	9	A torrent of spikes erupts from their left like a rain storm , impaling one of the warriors countless times .
tr	7	" You are wet through , " Rafe noted .
tr	7	He returned from Greece very cheerful . "
tr	9	A few bucks for a can of gold spray paint and now we got our evil artifact ! "
tr	6	That in itself I found very odd at the time .
tr	8	She brings a thin bony hand from behind her back and tucks it under her gaunt chin .
tr	7	He untied the shrunken head 's hair from the air conditioning vent and dropped the head into his duffle bag .
tr	9	" All this information you 're spitting out is based on a hypothesis .
tr	9	Night was giving way to a sort of brilliant twilight .
tr	11	He 's taken groups into the wilderness for months at a time . "
tr	7	I can 't compete with that .
tr	9	It was two circles , one significantly larger than the other , with the smaller circle situated in the centre .
tr	8	" That has actually not been discussed yet , " Colors said as he walked up .
tr	8	The red eyes were watching him closely - and watching him with unmistakable intelligence .
tr	6	" Of all the stupid , crazy - " He kissed her again and shut her up .
tr	10	You wan na share with Chloe and me ? "
tr	5	" Of course , Ira , " the older man said .
tr	8	Archie didn 't acknowledge the existence of the other men .
tr	7	I must ask grandmother , maybe this is all just a daydream ? "
tr	6	" Nein , Herr Major , " reported the senior member of the party .
tr	6	" You 'll know , Tom , " he still laughed , " you 'll know . "
tr	6	He took a deep breath , gathered his strength , and followed the wall .
tr	8	His new contact had been sent to the fleet almost immediately .
tr	6	" Can you get police dispatches out here ? "
tr	6	She was tall , her looming height made even greater by the four-inch stiletto heels on her leather boots .
tr	8	" Has it really only been a week ? "
tr	7	He was once again shirtless , and his Christian fish pendant gleamed in the sunlight .
tr	10	Elaina was struggling to keep up but Landon didn 't slow .
tr	7	No state was 100 % yet , but at least the basic services of life were being provided .
tr	9	I think I can handle my own . "
tr	9	In most respects , illegal immigration amounts to nothing more than a modern form of slavery plain and simple .
tr	7	Because , like other cities , Dallas has borders so it has limited real estate .
tr	8	" Well we will go back to the hotel , eat something .
tr	11	" I 've found a potential investor interested in watching a clone process .
tr	7	Standing up , she tore the collar off , then went back to her knees .
tr	7	It was even cooler in here than in the kitchen .
tr	5	" Well , it 's only the beginning , after all . "
tr	6	" I want your power , " the demon whispered , a deep and menacing sound .
tr	8	Another twenty changed hands ... Julio picked up the phone on the bar . .
tr	5	To such a place you may not follow . "
tr	7	He pointed out the tunnel leading to the underground boarding station and away they went .
tr	6	" A wise choice , my dear , " a darkly familiar voice complimented from the open French doors .
tr	8	Thirty feet ahead and closing on us was another Hummer .
tr	9	They would be safer and make better time staying fresh .
tr	9	What was to be done ?
tr	11	His eyes opened and he found himself looking at the standard institutional ceiling of acoustical tiles .
tr	6	" I 'm so sorry , " she whispers into my ear .
tr	6	He barely even moved aside , just shifted his weight and stuck out his knee .
tr	11	He had finally told them what had happened and they didn 't care .
tr	11	Michael loved his cousin ; they had been to stay with each other ever since their early childhood .
tr	6	' Yeah , well , dumb is our middle name , ' said Reid with a wry smile .
tr	10	Moving so close did not grant him the unstoppable power he expected , and this realization has pushed him away .
tr	11	Do you know where he is ? "
tr	8	When they burst onto the narrow path , he suddenly asked , " Is this the only way in ? "
tr	8	" It is my belief , Mike , " she said , " that it is not just my problem .
tr	8	You 've been in there for five days , " Aria pulls back .
tr	10	Claire stood motionless as the footsteps receded , unsure whether to laugh or weep .
tr	6	God 's gifts and my own study have given me useful powers .
tr	11	He knew he was within range of the sensor .
tr	7	A warning shot was fired above our heads .
tr	5	Three weeks of sleeping and sitting in the graveyard in the middle of the night .
tr	8	I trailed my fingers along the small hills and valleys of the wall .
tr	8	Do you know why ? "
tr	11	I stepped back to avoid the spray until her finger released the trigger .
tr	8	It had been raining all morning and the sky was as dark as his mood .
tr	7	He grabs his flak jacket , slings it overhead , and lets the bulk crash down onto his shoulders .
tr	7	The bullet shattered the computer terminal next to the man .
tr	5	The whole submarine thing sounded very familiar .
tr	10	He ended the call and just sat enjoying a few moments of quiet peace in the empty office .
tr	9	If he were held in high enough regard , he would be in line to be Chief .
tr	7	As Connor pulled away he saw Maria 's closed eyes and soft lips completely still .
tr	7	Just as he had suspected .
tr	11	He held her until she surrendered letting his sincerity penetrate .
tr	5	To my infinite relief it flowed down the lower tunnel .
tr	5	Yet somehow , at the same time , it felt very familiar .
tr	10	I don 't know where to begin , " she replied .
tr	6	That reminded her of the remarkable similarities among all origin tales .
tr	5	Luxurious fur coat and sequined dress ... " Yes , mami ? "
tr	9	The cheering died down and the hangman asked Hilda to give her last words .
tr	10	Uncle could stay just far enough ahead of the bear to keep the bear interested .
tr	9	" It was worth it Maria , the video set my mind at peace . "
tr	6	No cars on the street , no cars in the candy shop parking lot , no people .
tr	6	The bite of conifer , the musk of wolf , the sweetness of her , nothing else to smell .
tr	7	Inside was a solitary man , asleep against the window .
tr	9	" -- this concludes our test of the Universal Chronicler , " the man ended and the menu appeared .
tr	5	" I sure hope so , baby .
tr	5	' Yes , ' came the quiet reply .
tr	10	With her magic she rifles my mind for the knowledge she needs and steers my skilled fingers .
tr	5	" Pierre , " Falcon acknowledged him briefly .
tr	9	They needed to feed constantly , and the more they fed , the stronger they became .
tr	10	Adele laughed nervously , not looking up as Rafe took her other hand and held both between his .
tr	9	" Now if you don 't mind , you have intruded where you are very unwelcome ! "
tr	9	She picked through his words and frowned as they eventually made sense .
tr	9	You 'd never know it was Hawaii .
tr	7	To touch it causes madness and destruction . "
tr	11	This time , I was unable to hide the fury in my voice .
tr	9	I 'm sorry to hear that .
tr	10	We know he 's fixed on Tasha .
tr	10	Is that what you were about to say ? '
tr	7	His first business deal broke the surface of his non-stop mind .
tr	10	I will be able to bypass customs easily enough . "
tr	11	It was the sort of thing he had to expect .
tr	9	She came back to the table and demanded , " How did you do that ? "
tr	9	She nodded , unable to speak .
tr	7	Bob Mathews and Captain Sullivan will be the pilots and your Captain Pitt has become a good C-5 flight engineer .
tr	11	" My wife -- " " Well , why don 't you invite her in ?
tr	5	" You probably have some awesome college student plans tonight , right ? "
tr	11	An added bonus is that their truck is parked outside on the street , any requests or suggestions Commander ? "
tr	9	He then swiftly remounted his charger , the Prince watching stoically , until the big man clapped him on the back .
tr	7	You know my father 's position , of course .
tr	11	Her tone implied he might be around for awhile .
tr	10	Julian smiled and waited whether she would smile back .
tr	5	" I am not beaten . "
tr	7	" Thank you mother , I will miss you . "
tr	7	Small tables , weighed down with delicacies and drinks , surrounded the perimeter of the hall .
tr	6	She didn 't quite run , the hurried breaths and steps were already too much for her throbbing belly .
tr	10	He paused as he took a sip of tea .
tr	7	They couldn 't digest real food anymore ; could only drink purified water .
tr	11	He held back his smile as he swam back , " How long was I gone ? "
tr	10	Gabe lies back on the bench , reaches up and wraps his hands around a bar loaded with weight .
tr	11	Garo asks , meticulously slicing and stabbing , waiting for the opportune moment to strike the hero down .
tr	10	A pity , but so long as her brothers knew nothing of it , it made no difference .
tr	7	Ahmad sighed , folded his hands , and looked at them pensively .
tr	10	Finn said that he would be here , I need to speak with him . "
tr	7	' Just show us to the nearest computer terminal , ' he muttered .
tr	6	In the distance , a tiny , orange glow could be seen .
tr	11	Paul felt his stomach lurch as they went airborne .
tr	6	The others , his oldest sister , her husband , and son were in the trees .
tr	8	The memory caused an immediate reaction and he struggled , but was quickly overwhelmed .
tr	8	Simon continued with his barrage of bullets .
tr	9	Ted pressed his fingers into the side of Joe 's throat , feeling for a pulse .
tr	6	They surveyed the open drum and the litter around it with deep frowns .
tr	8	Something about keeping in touch with the folks back home .
tr	7	The room fell deadly silent , smoke from the guns muzzle lingered , it had an ominous odour .
tr	11	Professor Bamford thought for a moment , thinking about what he had said .
tr	7	' Where to ' he asked ' front door or greenhouse ? '
tr	9	It 's got safe houses where they could hide . '
tr	10	Bay 's been trying to convince him .
tr	11	I know what the parasite looks like and can take it from here .
tr	9	" Everything else has been postponed until after the funeral . "
tr	9	But I think I will sleep well tonight . "
tr	10	I like to watch him think . "
tr	5	' Now or later , Witch Hunter , you will follow .
tr	5	Or , more specifically , the same nightmare over and over .
tr	11	If he can describe the sick woman , I may be able to make some guesses about her condition .
tr	8	As we 'd approached the manor , only one window had been lit .
tr	7	" Cheers , " Sarah said in a whisper , but didn 't touch her glass .
tr	10	We stand the best chance for integration between hardware and a bio org with 007 .
tr	9	I hitch my breath when Gabe pauses by my bed .
tr	6	There are good and bad , but , believe me Lord Edward , no worse than anywhere else .
tr	8	" You know that your actions probably saved the JP . "
tr	8	Mason tried to follow his gaze .
tr	10	" Danny , what are you doing here ? "
tr	10	It was just an ordinary short circuit that caused the explosion , " the doctor replied .
tr	9	" Do you think the Old One 's are gathering these stones into piles , Uncle Jeff ? "
tr	7	She looked at him speculatively , eyeing his muscled stomach and naked chest .
tr	6	" Laurence 's problem won 't evaporate so easy .
tr	5	" Easy there , fella , " she said seriously .
tr	11	Adele hesitated , not wishing to leave Lord Brogan alone .
tr	10	" You don 't have to worry about her . "
tr	8	" This is a waste of time and too dangerous . "
tr	10	He listened to the rustle until it was lost in the light breeze .
tr	7	" If the old head was drunk , " Netter proposed , " would the new head also be drunk ? "
tr	5	" All right then , one other thing -- DON 'T GET CAUGHT ! "
tr	8	Neither dared to risk it .
tr	8	Zeal didn 't like being corrected .
tr	9	------ Adele lay staring at the walls of the tent .
tr	9	And my knowing how to call him respectfully seemed to seal it for him .
tr	8	" Johnson , I thank you so much for your time .
tr	10	" But surely there must be some people in the city with positive energy ? "
tr	11	I asked Anna as she started to unpack a laptop .
tr	9	I would love to meet them .
tr	7	" They went on many adventures together and they grew stronger , wiser , and more powerful as leaders .
tr	6	Cheryl Parks , the Squire 's cook and housekeeper , came around a corner and called down the hallway .
tr	8	" What ... what does that make you ? "
tr	7	Your fame precedes you , and your second in command is a worthy opponent . "
tr	9	Brazen smiled , " You see all the abandoned cars around here with no use whatsoever ? "
tr	6	She and her hedge fund manager husband spent every possible moment in Tennessee .
tr	10	Connor didn 't want to talk about Andre any more .
tr	10	It was obvious he found this scenario rather revolting .
tr	10	You have finished the first 5 chapters of THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE .
tr	5	Of the Arabs , Abu and one other were unhurt .
tr	8	' But when you despatched the squad at Southgate police station yesterday wasn 't that revenge ? '
tr	9	Adele was still laughing , clinging to him weakly , her whole form trembling with amusement .
tr	10	Additionally , we know they are pushing troops south and preparing defensive positions .
tr	7	I put on my protective gear , buzz Nicola , and go inside the vault .
tr	7	' We 'll get them back , ' he said softly .
tr	8	She still kept her hand in at a local hospital , but never slept properly for weeks afterwards .
tr	10	He used to like being alone .
tr	9	' Do you hold a license for the guns ? '
tr	11	She thought back to the homework Sky had shown her .
tr	8	I said , " Good send for him right now . "
tr	7	I 'll never help you , so you might as well kill me now ! '
tr	9	There were just over eight thousand spaces in this room and there were two other dormitories like it on the ship .
tr	9	" You can say that again , " retorted Gema , " knowing the Regiment 's efforts at secrecy ... .
tr	8	" Nothing , " she said , returning to her mixing bowl .
tr	11	Butch , who seemed taken aback by the man 's openness , cleared his throat .
tr	9	All that accomplished was putting a smile on Mr. Belvedere 's face -- fucking masochist .
tr	5	Even so , the flock needed protection .
tr	10	It 's still considered an unsolved terrorist attack , although no groups have claimed responsibility . "
tr	7	Her eyes widened slightly , in surprise or anger the Prince couldn 't tell .
tr	8	There are no secrets ... ... she knows all about you and now you know about her .
tr	8	The drought will pass and we will all be stronger from it . "
tr	9	His face regained its seriousness after he had read its contents .
tr	8	You are the chosen one , " she explains , her mildly chipper manner sounding mature , but not maternal .
tr	11	The men cheered and followed like sheep being lead off the end of a cliff .
tr	5	Now , in dreary February , the frozen creek was silent and deathly still .
tr	5	In the final scene , however , Danika stood front and center .
tr	6	" And destroy my chances with her ? "
tr	7	Don 't worry little one , I 'll break you in .
tr	9	There was a small doorway that faced south .
tr	9	Chapter Fourteen Andy and Archie had spent the best part of an hour talking .
tr	6	To the south , groups of people dotted the plains in long lines to the horizon .
tr	7	" Earth may not be their focal target , " grumbled Gorn .
tr	9	" Looks like we 're on our own for the moment .
tr	10	She 's wearing the same blue flannel pajama pants along with an old Strawberry Shortcake t-shirt soaked against her body .
tr	7	Hey , I can take a guest , but you 'll probably be busy . '
tr	8	She was tireless and nobody could keep up with her .
tr	8	He had run out of people to trust , and he had circumvented all security channels .
tr	8	The room was beautiful , it was clean , and he was dressed like a prince .
tr	6	But how can I ignore her ?
tr	8	" The dead cannot be defeated by steel .
tr	7	Seeing this , his grin faltered , and an infinite sadness replaced it .
tr	10	" Do you know what this means ? "
tr	8	" Had a problem with the cab this morning , " he said casually .
tr	11	As I speak I continue to work the little legs carefully , to help their circulation .
tr	11	Investigators propose that I was a victim of a drug gang , cult or some terrifying madman .
tr	8	Ahead of the riders , the desert sands stretched out for miles for their enjoyment .
tr	11	She was still applauding wildly , but he noted she wasn 't looking at him .
tr	7	If I busted my cell , my mama would sell it , or fix it , or bust me . "
tr	6	The handle turns , round and round , cogs , wheels and teeth . "
tr	6	Those in royalty turned their backs on their friends many times for their own benefit .
tr	10	She stood next to her mother , a stunning woman with dark hair and dark smouldering eyes .
tr	8	" You must preserve your own style and not corrupt it with other instruments .
tr	10	In the fire was a whole pig roasting on a spit , yet nothing else seemed to be cooking .
tr	7	" I ain 't yet heard the evidence , " Billy said with authority .
tr	6	Even your pretty fae friend , her dogs , and her dragon are failing miserably .
tr	8	He should have been paying attention . "
tr	11	There was going to be trouble over that .
tr	5	" But surely - " " No , " Marcus cuts her off .
tr	7	Hilda didn 't stop there , she threw a left hook , but Lea blocked the punch with the right arm .
tr	6	Maybe by some miracle they weren 't clogged , maybe they would fire .
tr	9	" This project has been nothing but a waste and a failure from day one .
tr	8	Some would say ' tis no less than you deserve . "
tr	7	" Captain , did you find the man you were looking for ? "
tr	5	" You already have , " she replied .
tr	11	Are we like clouds , pushed by new winds , bringing changes we don 't understand ?
tr	7	Through the dense tangle of branches and bracken he made out the black hide of the leopard .
tr	7	Without a second thought , he storms out of the area , throwing fallen trees and debris aside as he runs .
tr	8	' If the trial works , they plan to mass produce the serum . '
tr	9	Sometimes the Angel would provide them with a bit of commentary .
tr	5	" In fact , I 'm a very fun person . "
tr	11	Babushka also instructed Andre to boil water outside and then to quickly bring it to her .
tr	8	And it had to start somewhere .
tr	6	The wine didn 't help , so he stumbled a bit .
tr	9	After a minute , the train screeched and began to move again .
tr	9	It was comforting to see them .
tr	8	She began to feel concerned .
tr	10	I have a hard time knowing what to think . "
tr	8	At least he was out of harm 's way , or was he ?
tr	9	" I-I ... forgive me ... " Rafe shook his head , making a clumsy gesture of reassurance .
tr	9	He smiled as he gestured through the doorway with his hand .
tr	9	Then one said , " Jus where your ship ? "
tr	8	cheered Avery , " Found you at last , now hand over the fiddle right now ! "
tr	9	I took out my ice axes , looped the lanyards around my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
tr	11	Each turned out to be a pack of $ 100 bills .
tr	11	asked Kiara , whilst taking up the offer to shake hands .
tr	11	Either way , it was apparent that she should avoid the whole family for the near future .
tr	8	That I ... looked into your eyes different . "
tr	9	" He 's looking forward to seeing you . "
tr	9	A spinning knee hits its mark as Link pulls his sword from the ground .
tr	7	Yet if he ran north , perhaps he could escape the rebels .
tr	11	The vegetables would only go on once the turkey was almost cooked , the kitchen a hive of activity .
tr	6	Her breath came short and shallow , a hoarse rattling sounded somewhere deep in her chest .
tr	8	" So he 's putting you up to this ? "
tr	9	He thought about what his next move would be .
tr	10	" If we can get Waving Willow in the cornfield alone we can frighten her .
tr	10	She didn 't respond , shifting from one foot to the other , arms crossed beneath her breasts .
tr	10	She sounded more tired than alarmed , but Landon felt a thrill of unease wriggle up his spine .
tr	11	she was yelling at him , splashing him with fists in the water .
tr	7	They all looked at the hillside , it was steep and rocky .
tr	7	The rest of the team is obviously infected , and now they are out there somewhere .
tr	8	Or say he was sorry ?
tr	9	Mark started to walk away from the two baffled teens .
tr	7	In the centre of the kitchen , a roaring column of fire extended outside through the cracked window .
tr	11	Don 't speak until you are spoken to .
tr	11	He would have preferred them to be older , but they were old enough to make their own decisions .
tr	10	It 's all a matter of perspective , all interacts with one and consciousness prevails ... ' or something like that .
tr	8	Reid was a few yards behind me as I climbed down the embankment .
tr	8	You never showed me any photos of your brothers ' haircuts . "
tr	10	Some of them were afraid they would come back .
tr	10	" My orders are to collect you from the station and escort you to a classified location . "
tr	11	" They are laboratory cultured beings , you can think of them as drones , executing specific commands . "
tr	11	It 's time to start earning your wages instead of coasting around have a jolly . "
tr	10	I would love to see you try . "
tr	11	Needless to say , we found another instructor -- one who believed in me .
tr	9	At last , the man in black turned again to follow her deeper into the trees .
tr	9	All the years I had worked in Central America I 'd never managed to pick up the language .
tr	8	If you look at us , you 'll die ! "
tr	11	" I 've grown used to not feeling lonely . "
tr	8	There was no doubt Abraham spoke .
tr	10	I 'd like to introduce you to someone .
tr	11	The remainder intended to hold the strangers in place until the larger element could attack .
tr	8	That beast is a charger , a warhorse , the horse of a battle lord .
tr	8	The enemy started firing back at him , and there were at least two or three guns .
tr	8	I have the thrusters at 20 percent power , and we are still being pulled down .
tr	8	Thick glasses always made him look studious .
tr	9	" Why do girls always go down to the basement when they hear a noise ?
tr	10	Cade touched his forehead , and replied , " May they shine on the waves for you and yours . "
tr	11	Some were still civilians and others had joined up with him .
tr	9	Matthew understood exactly what needed doing .
tr	6	" Certainly , Charles , " Winston said , " as soon as we get back to the hotel . "
tr	7	" Yes , Peter 's dead , Stephanie 's in pregnant hibernation and another family has taken their occupation . "
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	10	Taylor hadn 't been as proud of himself since he aced his first flight review in a rocket fighter .
tr	11	" I didn 't mean I wanted you to rip me up or anything .
tr	6	" Then sleep well , my golden queen , " she whispered back then exited the cham .
tr	10	" All right , time to go to the exit , " said Bradley .
tr	8	He looked the same -- that much was certain .
tr	11	This is going to be the longest day of my life .
tr	6	" In my hair , in my office , in my desk , in my face , in my way .
tr	8	" Maggie has a degree in aerospace engineering , " VIN said to Suzi .
tr	9	The guard nodded and pressed a control on his display panel , unlocking a gate for them to continue .
tr	9	Is plenty of nice ship from Russia .
tr	7	I 'm always off digging up bones , remember ?
tr	8	Very quickly it became dark , or maybe not as quickly in reality , but Megan lost track of time .
tr	11	If truth be told , I was getting tired of being shot at .
tr	8	Shouldn 't I be in the long jump ? "
tr	11	She felt paralyzing fear and kept looking back and forth from the dead agents to the shapeshifter .
tr	11	He was no match for the Idol of the Great Mother , the barrow witch 's most prized possession .
tr	6	" It was there earlier , " she said for the tenth time in the last five minutes .
tr	9	" I 've heard that before , " Lo says .
tr	6	- I don 't know , I like her , I think .
tr	7	I enlisted as a paratrooper , then went Special Forces for several years .
tr	8	" Let Ken Goodspeed go back to his family .
tr	10	My Mum says they 're a waste of money .
tr	6	The old Departments of Agriculture , Transportation , Education and Housing would all disappear .
tr	11	" It must be the water that is opening up this pit . "
tr	10	I want you to clear your field immediately and open all your hangars for inspection .
tr	9	Sarah put her plate down and decided to choose her words carefully .
tr	11	Do you wish the prize for yourself ? "
tr	6	" Dang , woman , " Joey teased , but pulled her close .
tr	9	A little bit later the boy was taken away from the frightful arena on horseback .
tr	7	" And here 's the cake , " Kendall said and put a chocolate cake on the floor .
tr	7	His arms , splayed out like the Messiah 's , drooped even in death .
tr	9	They stepped out into it -- exclaiming at the coldness -- and waded upstream to a convenient grassy bank .
tr	6	He wondered idly how , but then let the thought go .
tr	9	Struggling to retain her balance , her only thought was of the lost wipe .
tr	8	If they kill you , your line is forfeit , and the Faith wins . "
tr	8	" But ... " I tried to argue , but she forcibly pushed me away .
tr	8	He settled for scowling , but it hardly felt punishment enough .
tr	7	And if appearances were accurate , he would most likely attain that destination rather sooner than later .
tr	11	That was the Carter McCord that Ethan had expected to meet .
tr	8	Jess noticed a slight raise of the eyebrows as he processed the flavor .
tr	11	They were all inside with me when I heard that rock hit the glass .
tr	9	" How could they keep doing it for a thousand years ?
tr	7	And suddenly the voice sounded out again : " Try your best and I will help you . "
tr	11	On the fifth rep , the bar tilts to the left as Gabe pushes it up with trembling arms .
tr	7	" So when I see a Lee should I also say Hey ? "
tr	11	Fires blazed in most of the buildings in the complex , the flames licking dangerously close to the surrounding trees .
tr	8	With his four legs Zero quickly closed the ground between himself and his opponent .
tr	7	He crammed in the last cup and getting to his feet .
tr	5	In the confusion , this man broke through . "
tr	10	Apparently I 'd been paying more attention than I 'd thought .
tr	9	I was perfectly suited to the role of a Guardian .
tr	7	It rolled across the floor with an appalling clatter .
tr	9	He charged her naked body and quickly parted with all of his own clothing as well .
tr	7	" Or as your press release put it , the equivalent of forty SUV 's ? "
tr	9	Except these lions didn 't look like they wanted to make friends .
tr	7	Finally , he too caught sight of the gambling man .
tr	9	She knew I was pushing his buttons .
tr	10	How is he going to carry wine out of the city ?
tr	6	A really beautiful , totally loyal , wonderfully intentioned , incredibly dumb golden retriever puppy .
tr	7	Classic literature and mythology , but she was real smart about everything .
tr	7	Winter 's cold deepened and even the fire could not warm Brand 's bones .
tr	8	Gray was obviously caught off guard by this but kept silent .
tr	8	Chapter Ten Reid tried several lock pins in the keyhole of the oak door .
tr	5	No arguments with neighbors , no personal feuds , no money problems .
tr	9	' I don 't think they 're coming .
tr	9	You 're time has dwindled .
tr	7	The latter cried out in shock and fell to the ground .
tr	9	The air was stale and carried the taste of smoke , along with the savoury fragrance of meat .
tr	9	He turned to face the group , " You 'll leave as early as possible . "
tr	5	In fact , the new clothes were not her greatest problem .
tr	5	Unlike the others , this soldier was strong and skilled .
tr	8	The oil black bay showed signs of obvious care , he was young too , and undefeated , you could tell .
tr	9	But the truth was nothing to laugh at .
tr	8	" You see what I mean , Barbara .
tr	11	Christ George what 's a mother to do , you give the term loose cannon a whole new meaning .
tr	5	Oh , dear , I thought , this is not a good beginning .
tr	10	Dagger performs a narrow turn and quickly prepares to jump back to Sanctuary .
tr	8	" You are ... a genius , " I shouted , jumping .
tr	7	No identification and there was nothing else in the main compartment .
tr	8	Stuffed to the brim and tied off with a navy cord , she handed over the leather purse for inspection .
tr	7	We are together , after all , and together we can solve all these mysteries .
tr	11	Without warning he hurls the empty bottle , and it shatters against a tree in a spectacle of exploding glass .
tr	6	Alejo cut him off , his whole body tense .
tr	8	I edged myself closer creating a small huddle .
tr	6	Then despite the drumming , the rumbling , the sighs and the moans , everything suddenly seemed still .
tr	6	" And , by Jove , he 's got the princess ! "
tr	11	I couldn 't help but think that Tuck was growing wiser every day .
tr	6	How will I ever repay you ? "
tr	9	Scott revealed the happenings of the previous evening and what he had witnessed .
tr	7	He sneaked a glance at me and smiled .
tr	11	" Looks like we don 't go above twenty feet until after lunch . "
tr	8	I followed the sounds to a large kitchen at the back of the house .
tr	9	I 'll have to remember that one .
tr	9	The paper was blank except for Amanda Carter 's London telephone number .
tr	11	" Not before I have accomplished that which I came for , " replied Rand firmly .
tr	8	We stopped in the shadows along the walls and stared over the edge of the opening .
tr	6	" Please just move away , " he begged , his hand extended out to her .
tr	10	" Dresden , any chance I can grow hair ? "
tr	11	" Unless , of course , you believe we 're about to be attacked by pirates . "
tr	9	I shivered a bit because the cliff towered over a lake .
tr	7	He pushed back the chair and it banged into the cupboard .
tr	10	He hadn 't dared share his suspicions with either the local cop or the ranger .
tr	10	He hands me a bottle of water and sets a case of beer between us .
tr	10	He had to fight to live .
tr	8	" But we need to finish the mission first .
tr	10	Alejo was staring at what his sister had typed .
tr	11	" -- And for much of the rest of the summer . "
tr	7	Rafe leaning back in his chair fixed Finan with a mischievous smile .
tr	6	This one was older , a little run down and next to the river .
tr	8	With my free hand I took some of my dripping blood and traced symbols on the ground .
tr	8	" Oh , does the baby want his toy back ? "
tr	8	" Listen , Riki , I have to know something .
tr	11	My son is not a god , and there are to be no temples to him . "
tr	10	Iris draw the horses back , tying the ropes around the strong limb of a tree .
tr	10	He refused to become attached to her .
tr	7	It 's two weeks of intensive new recruit field training , psych exams , and fitness tests . "
tr	11	" He asked himself what was happening to ' her ' " Rylan offered .
tr	5	" Right away , my Laird , " he said .
tr	10	" Nice work , but we could be more conservative with the ammo , " Jason remarks .
tr	6	What do you want , Rand ? "
tr	11	They hide at day -- always together , clustered together , 'cause there is strength in their numbers . "
tr	7	At 2000 metres in altitude he opened his parachute and veered his descent towards the fortress .
tr	8	I am an engineer , here to study technology . "
tr	9	Only to be stopped so close to his prize ... No .
tr	9	She recognized a series of musical notes like tiny bells as something dropping into a metal pot .
tr	9	He hadn 't meant to hurt her .
tr	6	" Why are you in such a good mood ? "
tr	8	" I 've got Jack with me .
tr	6	The church authorities changed the quotes every week , but very few people actually read them .
tr	10	" You think I care ought for your explanations ? "
tr	6	Andy and the others lay still in the sewer drain below .
tr	9	He looked briefly at them and in one sudden motion , drained it .
tr	9	Actually , it makes little difference when she goes , does it ?
tr	9	What he didn 't have was sufficient cash to fund his hate .
tr	9	Those seconds were wonderful , I wish I could have more .
tr	8	Donovan surveyed the picnic table in front of him .
tr	10	" It will be so cool going back in time though ... " " Shh ! "
tr	8	But something tells me that Abby likes extreme sports .
tr	8	The hangar deck was roughly thirteen hundred feet long , three hundred feet wide and fifty feet in height .
tr	8	He used to hate it .
tr	11	She 'd decided to visit the stately home and get some information together for the blog .
tr	7	A chorus of oddly muffled cheers sounded in the room .
tr	8	" You , a daughter of decent birds , were plainly untruthful and lying like a common human politician .
tr	10	What I intend to do is hit it with what we call shaped charges .
tr	9	I was about seven yards from the vehicle when a faint whistling noise suddenly rose behind me .
tr	6	" I 'm worried , Mom , " he said .
tr	9	Jimmy turned his head and saw Mark sitting in the back seat .
tr	8	" They only have a few coins , no jewels at all .
tr	8	And though this sort of thing was not exactly unheard of , it was very unusual indeed .
tr	6	Roberto met the Falcon 's glare head on .
tr	7	She had an infectious laugh , a positive friendly disposition , and a naivety that customers adored .
tr	11	They saw numerous stereos spread around the camp with extension cords running to the generators .
tr	7	" How dare you -- " the woman began .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , I remember now .
tr	10	Occasionally , my gaze would stray to the black and white print of the man and the woman in the restaurant .
tr	11	Falconer said , " They told us they 'd keep attendants here , Pastor .
tr	8	Discovering what he knows is there .
tr	7	Back in the village , Red Talon came in with Three Baskets and the injured .
tr	9	It was most surreal , heartwarming , enlightening , inspiring , I don 't know what else to say . "
tr	10	Heston didn 't bother to apologize to him .
tr	11	Only one problem , there were three people in front of her buying fresh fruit for the morning .
tr	8	There are two fish left in the bowl .
tr	7	At one end of the field is a copse of trees and bushes .
tr	7	" It is a bit stubby , " Miriam admitted , handing it over .
tr	9	" Well , that 's quite interesting and everything , but it 's time to sleep . "
tr	8	The door , two sheets of drywall and some 2x4s were all that separated him from the target .
tr	11	We 'll inform Eden his sister 's on her way . "
tr	8	You better not have left the sea taxi unattended again . "
tr	11	Three years after Sidney came to live with them Duke came into camp one day with two coyote pups .
tr	8	As the guard slashed his weapon down once more , I sidestepped and send a riposte towards his exposed legs .
tr	8	When Connor arrived at the Vodka bar a sign on the window said it was closed .
tr	9	We have to take a cab until the Blue Paradise Hotel . "
tr	10	It was rather dark in the hallway with all of the rooms ' doors closed .
tr	8	Simon called out in attempt to lighten his hopeless situation .
tr	5	Been that way a long , long time .
tr	7	The trek by foot would have been too lengthy .
tr	11	' I don 't want your dad to see me all upset . '
tr	11	Just got to watch for my chance ?
tr	5	ASK TO TALK TO HIM ; IT 'S DANGEROUS .
tr	11	Do you need anything for pain ? "
tr	9	We must alter our path slightly to avoid them . "
tr	5	" Sorry I missed you .
tr	9	" We 've got eggs , preserved fruit and jam and I always put away what I grow over the summer .
tr	6	He 's pretty much perfected the stoner look .
tr	7	Flowers , flowers and more flowers -- for birthdays , for anniversaries , for new jobs and high school graduations .
tr	8	The collected rifles and knife were in a pile at his feet .
tr	11	They had been through a demoralizing mission in France where their sympathies had always been with the protestors .
tr	10	A last bit of something careful and thoughtful in Layla seemed to burn and blow away like ash .
tr	6	The elevator 's bell rings again , this time like a boxing referee and it 's a draw so far .
tr	6	I mean , the guy 's not memorable : thin , middle-aged , wispy brown hair , and a sallow face .
tr	9	" Soon you will be on a most interesting adventure with your cousin Michael .
tr	7	We 've done it before .
tr	9	There is work to be done . "
tr	7	The minister looked worried but also nonplussed .
tr	8	I exited the car , crossed the sidewalk and entered the lobby of the building .
tr	10	He could sit for hours behind it and loved helping his father with his .
tr	9	" Hey little brother , what 's going on ? "
tr	8	" Ah , doctor , " Alita said , " so good to see you .
tr	5	" You , on the other hand , do spontaneous quite well . "
tr	9	I should be there in about fifteen minutes ... . .
tr	8	' Feels alive when picked up .
tr	11	It seemed to him that the best option , as was so often the case , was to wait .
tr	10	Speed is the common desire which brought about the freeway system .
tr	7	When their steps pounded below , I dropped any pretense of a subtle get-away .
tr	5	" Calm down , Elaine , " the elderly man , presumably her husband , said .
tr	10	The screams of Sergeant Vickers and his men can be heard echoing throughout the prisoner holding area .
tr	11	So , I 'll agree to the recon , and to the boys leading it , on several conditions .
tr	11	He actually seemed normal enough , despite his claims of having survived the infection .
tr	6	" We can grab some food . "
tr	10	When I came back Stacy caught me so I had to lie . "
tr	7	It was coming directly at them .
tr	7	A second later , I swung the katana and caught him across the arm .
tr	9	Unable to move , they heard the whistle of air as the projectiles hurled toward them .
tr	7	His eyes were so familiar to me .
tr	9	I encourage you to never travel to the future .
tr	6	Last year a water horse trailing flowers and bells tore a man 's arm half from his body .
tr	9	This great Ukrainian river 's strength had dissipated long ago along with the country 's former pride and glory .
tr	9	To be fair to corpses , that wasn 't true .
tr	7	" One crazy girl , " she said to herself and went to her house .
tr	7	My heart pounded for a completely different reason .
tr	7	Suddenly the tone of their barks changed and became one of warning .
tr	8	It has happened before , you know ? "
tr	8	Gabriel turned his eyes on Alejo for a moment , and they flashed the anger of betrayal .
tr	9	Maybe the next time he walked down this corridor it would be past a tapestry of him .
tr	5	Jack Saunders , my boss and friend , gave me a small smile .
tr	10	" What are we gon na do with the girl ? "
tr	10	Steve Lyndon raised deep blue eyes to the dense forest that covered the north hillside .
tr	6	Sydney bent lower and inspected my legs .
tr	5	The Captain 's voice ; raised a few degrees above room temperature .
tr	5	> Giving Simon a smug look , Nathan added , I got cookies too .
tr	6	Admiral Kelly pounded his hand on the table in emphasis .
tr	7	Adele was silent , a thoughtful crease between her brows .
tr	7	" Living on the Rump , " she said .
tr	7	" We crushed you in times past , " Hilda shouted .
tr	9	Fourteen The next morning , I whipped off the covers as soon as Dad left .
tr	8	Her birthday was sometime just before the onset of winter .
tr	9	He fell back on the time-honored code of the soldier : if someone steals your kit , steal someone else 's .
tr	9	Your hands and feet are a little fuzzy on the display since they 're not covered either .
tr	6	It wasn 't too big or too small .
tr	9	Eda grasped his arm and tried to pull him away .
tr	7	He actually looked rather normal now in dark jeans , a hunter green hoodie , and leather tennis shoes .
tr	9	" And a bear wouldn 't have killed everyone , sir , " Davis reminded his captain .
tr	7	" It hurts like shit , " he said , wincing .
tr	9	' You already have significant levels of protective antibodies in your blood . '
tr	7	" If you noticed , " Cooper said , " she was flicking her tail back and forth during the charge .
tr	10	The one you 've been seeking all these years ? "
tr	7	" Wes , lend me your screen for a minute . "
tr	10	" I didn 't mean you should take a bath .
tr	6	She 's the angel , " I say .
tr	5	" One hour , 45 minutes , " Alex said .
tr	10	When the sounds of the gunshots had stopped ringing in her ears , Seamus turned to her and smiled tiredly .
tr	6	" Come back to bed , I only want you for a snack . "
tr	8	At the time of the call , Signor Beppe was on the E70 heading south .
tr	6	" Tough talk , as usual , " Navi jeers .
tr	8	" Adele , yesterday ... " " You need not explain , my lord . "
tr	5	" Does this town have a name ? "
tr	8	" Here is its location in the exhibition hall ... and here is where the guard stands .
tr	7	" You have not introduced our friends , have you Clancy ? "
tr	10	Graham was clearly apprehensive about the possibility that he may have been discovered .
tr	7	There was nowhere to go .
tr	10	Well , it 's time that someone did speak up ! "
tr	10	Gabriel lowered his lashes , then looked up and started to walk towards the camera .
tr	5	In the hallway , the Black and Red Jesters make eye contact once more .
tr	10	Unsure how to take his last comment , Claire grabbed her purse and followed Josh out the door .
tr	11	Tropic islands develop off shore breezes in the morning adding to the discomfort of the early morning heat .
tr	9	She stopped talking to eat .
tr	10	Anderson sighed , " As good as can be expected I guess .
tr	8	I asked her amused by her saying .
tr	11	It is just a matter of time for the two of them .
tr	8	" I know the basics , " he said , heading for the stables .
tr	7	" It 's not a lie , " Daniel said and stood up after Tori .
tr	8	John hadn 't heard another vehicle for over twenty minutes .
tr	6	The stranger trails his fingers down my shoulder .
tr	10	It took most of the tube of mints to mask the petrochemical taste filling my mouth .
tr	9	The manor was set back from the woods by a short distance and would give a brilliant view of any attackers .
tr	8	" I am Traveller but you may call me Adam . "
tr	9	Her eyes tried to scream at Chris .
tr	11	When he looked down , he saw the boy had his arms raised in a defensive posture .
tr	11	The soldier began to writhe in agony as his compromised suit quickly lost pressure .
tr	5	" You 're the brother ? "
tr	9	Joseph 's entire frame paused as he mulled over her words .
tr	5	Her mind numb , she just sat and stared .
tr	5	" ... All those cuts .
tr	7	But she celebrated too soon -- he did not lay down .
tr	10	" Let 's just eat then get the hell out of here . "
tr	6	For a moment , she watched the heavens with wide eyes .
tr	9	Do you have recommendations ? "
tr	11	She saw the Killer Bees left after harvesting the stolen honey .
tr	9	He says he puts new oil into the car every now and then .
tr	7	He would die , but he would die well .
tr	5	I had a guinea pig once .
tr	8	Once it did , he saw that he had a voicemail .
tr	10	The torrential rain has finally begun to relent , the hungry earth drinking the long awaited liquid down greedily .
tr	9	Their most modern tests show their laser weaponry one hundred times weaker than ours .
tr	10	" What do you want me to do with him ? "
tr	9	As they exited the room Connor didn 't notice the guard assigned to Maria .
tr	8	The boss burst into a loud peal of laughter .
tr	6	" Thank you , " he whispers .
tr	7	What you do say is saddened by his fall into gambling and drink .
tr	9	At every opportunity she drove herself hard at the gym and the dojo .
tr	7	Against his better judgment he felt a good deal of his temper flee .
tr	9	He pushed himself up off the rocky path and looked at the spot where Noelle had disappeared .
tr	11	-- But I don 't want you to be hurt by anyone .
tr	11	But to not bring along a lawyer or two to even look at the contracts before he signed ?
tr	10	Elaina felt ill again just looking at the remains of the little rabbit .
tr	7	Ryan remembers the man with the scar .
tr	11	Do you want something to eat ? "
tr	9	He jumped up and tried to " swim " higher up the slope .
tr	8	The cab parked on the parking lot and the cab driver brought out Tori 's bags .
tr	11	Gates came storming up , " What is going on here ? "
tr	6	Quickly , he spun his own net over the assassin 's .
tr	11	He felt himself slowly blend into his body on the bed .
tr	7	Death , or even the threat of death , put the most serious of secular matters into perspective .
tr	9	They waited for endless moments , Rand 's posture becoming even more taut .
tr	6	Like it was only a few years ago - not more than sixty .
tr	11	-- said Xenia friendly , because he was still searching for Mia .
tr	8	Sofia did one last twirl and fell backwards , Burt had swiveled around and caught her effortlessly in his arms .
tr	8	What am I going to do ?
tr	9	" Good day , I 'm sorry to bother you .
tr	6	She seemed relieved , she brightened up and poured the tea .
tr	7	When he approached the animal the horse responded in like fashion .
tr	7	There before him , lay the swords of the four kingdoms .
tr	8	For a second he did not respond , then , " I will wait for you in the common room .
tr	6	" Of course she 's alright , Caleb , " she said in a confident voice .
tr	8	he laughed out in response , wrapping her up in a tight embrace .
tr	9	He was used to being alone .
tr	8	A tapping on the door interrupted the conversation , Robbie opened the door and a woman walked in .
tr	7	He instead pulls the front half of his body away from the dying rear part .
tr	8	" Given its condition , your coin is probably at the lower end of this .
tr	5	It is very simple really . "
tr	10	" I mean , if we really work for the people , we should be there to help them . "
tr	6	Nathaniel waves a pale hand in disgust .
tr	10	" We can keep it very formal , if you 'd like , your Highness . "
tr	8	" Always enjoyed working with you .
tr	6	All too soon ( at least , too soon for Miss Meek ) , the blood draw was done .
tr	8	The first part of the plan was to split the family up .
tr	7	" We don 't just go around killing people .
tr	5	" At dawn she opened the gates .
tr	11	" I hope your legs are rested fellows , we will need to make good use of them . "
tr	11	I think we could get a lot of good material . "
tr	11	Knowing she didn 't really believe it , Claire said what had to be said .
tr	6	David gazed upon the doctors in the photo .
tr	8	" We know you use drugs , we tested your blood and we think you sell drugs .
tr	9	To his great surprise , he removed his hood to reveal a bloody face , scarred beyond human recognition .
tr	10	His is a voice that inspires immediate action or dire consequences .
tr	7	" Now we 're for it , " he thought , " They 'll boot us off for sure . "
tr	11	She could not stop the splashes of color that flared on her sharp cheekbones .
tr	10	Even in their deep sorrow the light seemed to lift their souls and raise their heads and their hearts firmed .
tr	7	" Yes , those are the cycles of the seasons .
tr	7	" He would not , why should he ? "
tr	6	" I 'm scared , " Lena whimpered .
tr	9	Was she so obsessed with revenge that she would sacrifice anything ?
tr	6	He made a vague gesture into the middle distance at the spoil piles .
tr	8	It 's not like her , but I 've tried ringing and she 's not answering . "
tr	6	I found a beautiful cream-colored leather sofa sleeper , a matching end table , and a small , round coffee table .
tr	9	The man 's panic stricken face looked as if death itself had overtaken him .
tr	8	she asked , seeing the commotion around her .
tr	11	It was something I had forgotten on purpose .
tr	6	No leaving taps running or the stove on , you hear me ? "
tr	10	Their backs were now against the hard rock of the cleft with nowhere to run .
tr	9	Taylor didn 't know what to think .
tr	6	Adele felt sorry for the man .
tr	11	She brings up Warrior 's Combat Operations Technical files and begins to download .
tr	10	Had she been wrong to come here ?
tr	9	As if by magic , his world snapped back into focus .
tr	10	Humour that had started as a clever joke back in Malaysia , turned out to help him .
tr	11	" Knew who Melissa was when she entered his office . "
tr	9	Lilly Ann added and laid flat on her back on the floor and started to imitate Taylor 's movements .
tr	8	" David I want you take responsibility for Tony Wei .
tr	11	" I know , I have issued orders for the men to be ready by first light .
tr	5	As usual Allan had the last word .
tr	10	Our lord is distrustful of strangers of late ; and for good reason . "
tr	8	I guess you know your cars .
tr	6	His pale mustache was almost invisible against his paler face .
tr	8	Memories of skiing flickered in Claire 's mind and she pushed them away .
tr	7	When examined that way , the entire situation truly was ludicrous .
tr	11	" Please tell us what has been going on , " asked Sophia .
tr	11	As soon as we have all the weapons , we 'll be ready to hump down to the landing field . "
tr	8	We have at least a half-day 's head start on them .
tr	7	Virgil came forward and baring his teeth in a huge smile .
tr	10	" I thought today will be much worse , " Tori said to Jess .
tr	11	He was all the family she had left other than her two sons .
tr	8	Tears might have streaked my dirty cheeks but I didn 't pay any mind .
tr	8	Cautiously , Ted walked around the starboard side of the helicopter .
tr	11	In fact , I think she means to be helpful .
tr	9	" I thought I was completely cured .
tr	7	I stared into his blue gaze , nodded briskly and stepped into the stairwell .
tr	9	The first drops that strike her face are refreshingly cool , but the steadily increasing storm quickly becomes uncomfortably cold .
tr	6	Same streets , white buildings and agglomerated , palm trees and of course thousands of shops .
tr	9	They don 't have to change -- women always get the short end of the stick !
tr	9	You could get on better with revision .
tr	7	" Frankly , I won 't miss those jerks from NASA .
tr	11	Now they 're just over the border in Mexico in some place called Ciudad Hidalgo .
tr	7	I wouldn 't expect any trouble from them soon . "
tr	9	" We have to get back for lunch . "
tr	8	His face was framed by his straight glossy black hair and his beard and moustache formed a pointed triangle .
tr	7	Much of New York City was now underwater , and the Island was mostly deserted .
tr	9	" We board the train at the last possible moment , making a dash towards it .
tr	7	It was her first time taking a voyage again .
tr	7	Someone replied , " I hate this job . "
tr	9	If she could make it to the blacksmiths , perhaps she could break the chains .
tr	7	Beaming with pride , Lena replied , " Too bad Mom can 't see my skills . "
tr	10	Spying for the good of others was one thing , but staring death in the face snapped something inside me .
tr	10	They had emerged from the belt of leaves , and stared down into the lower reaches of the forest .
tr	5	" I am an accomplished driver , yes .
tr	10	She was hanging from a wall with a blade jammed into her shoulder .
tr	9	And at that moment the Angel appeared saying : " Everything is possible . "
tr	9	The soldier gurgles something inaudible as his corpse falls limp to the deck .
tr	5	I breathed in , out , in , out .
tr	6	Man , you pulled my bacon out of the fire ! "
tr	5	Ecru , beige , ivory , and tan in all of their glory .
tr	10	' How -- ' Anna started haltingly , her expression troubled .
tr	10	He is not to set a foot in here .
tr	6	Riesling nodded -- not a touchy commander , but a lover 's quarrel .
tr	6	A second breaching charge blew the door to the armory .
tr	8	He needs to be humbled .
tr	9	I had to keep moving .
tr	6	The tone was a statement , not a question .
tr	8	' I 'm sure you have .
tr	8	Jim patted him on the shoulder and turned and walked away without another word .
tr	5	Drives an old , red Corolla .
tr	10	I 've poisoned it , but it 'll take an hour to die .
tr	10	Now you 've a need to know I guess .
tr	7	The ship had returned to the sea .
tr	7	" Well , you 'll get ' em tomorrow , " he said .
tr	9	My nervous feet carried me along like a current , brushing past pedestrians and finally climbing the train station 's stairs .
tr	9	The Turk who was protecting her was evidently not a bad man .
tr	7	The scent of mint pomade and syrupy orange made Noah 's head buzz .
tr	7	Without a warning , without an excuse ... He just stepped in without a word and closed the door .
tr	6	For three hundred and sixty degrees , in every direction the foothills of the Blue Ridge spread out below them .
tr	8	As a result of this , the concrete cap on top of the wall was about two feet wide .
tr	9	The savagery was difficult to take in .
tr	11	The butler was crawling toward us , the revolver hanging from his hand .
tr	8	We know you love your father .
tr	9	Layla ignored the murmured words that followed her .
tr	11	if you don 't mind I 'd like to get on the phone and get the wheels in motion .
tr	5	A few seconds later the video window popped up .
tr	10	His grandparents looked at each other and seemed to talk to each other through their eyes .
tr	10	A form coalesced in the haze , a grim reaper cloaked in nebulous periphery .
tr	7	It lands on the bed and immediately shrinks away from me .
tr	8	Every twitch of a gate on its hinges sounded like the click of Bloodstone chains .
tr	8	She played out the goodbyes in her head long before they could occur .
tr	11	I joined our army to fight what I fear .
tr	7	I have searched many a land during my quest .
tr	6	Widow 's Peak managed to land , albeit clumsily , on his feet .
tr	11	She and Rob had assembled two systems on each of the three ships , one primary and one back up .
tr	6	Only then did the fabled resemblance strike Joey 's two Palm Beach based co-workers .
tr	9	" Oh sure , but not to investigate you .
tr	9	They know your parents were in Northgate .
tr	11	He felt powerless until just before sleep he had an idea .
tr	6	The people living in the Secret Rooms all went there and killed all the officers .
tr	9	You know the kind -- prisoners escape in them all the time on shows I watch when the babysitter is over .
tr	8	" You planning to use just a clipboard ? "
tr	9	I couldn 't leave until I was absolutely sure .
tr	10	Crowds were gathered at the shops closest to the beach .
tr	11	Bay Yan stood in the doorway , cloaked in the hide of a prairie bear .
tr	9	Loc asked as he checked over his hand laser .
tr	7	All rivers come to the sea , all men die .
tr	7	Watching along the deck Calvin 's airing T-shirt flapped and ... ' Oh no ! '
tr	8	Before I could brood any further , Eva tugged my arm .
tr	6	" Luckily , one of the workers came up with a plan .
tr	9	Wipe down everything when you 're done . "
tr	11	" Where did you learn how to flirt like that ? "
tr	7	But with each new tattoo from the enemy his reputation for fierceness grew .
tr	6	" Alice is crippled and adrift , " smirked the bald pirate at sensors , " minimal crew causalities estimated . "
tr	7	Something flickered in the other man 's eyes .
tr	9	I 'll throw some ice on it whenever .
tr	7	She wore thigh-high , black leather riding boots .
tr	5	The cures , the sermons , the miracles , and then you would understand . "
tr	7	They were now closer to the southernmost force .
tr	8	And with that the Angel abruptly changed trajectory and the starship shot off directly upwards .
tr	10	Hunt came back with his arms loaded with dry and brittle branches .
tr	10	" If they wanted to revive us , they 'd have sent attendants . "
tr	7	His mind was still back at the airfield when the pain and light returned .
tr	9	His little home was away from the rest of the community , tucked into the low hills surrounding the village .
tr	7	She headed out the door for school after breakfast .
tr	6	It 's a woman ... ... .
tr	10	When they heard from where I was , they were amazed .
tr	9	And the scotch he had been swilling wasn 't helping matters .
tr	6	" The Rump 's an island again , " he said .
tr	10	As he walked over to where Llama stood , Shock saw them and threw a dirty look their way .
tr	6	" I 'll check the surrounding states tomorrow . "
tr	8	Maybe if she didn 't give the black thoughts any attention , they 'd go away .
tr	9	" I 'm not talking to you for the rest of the temple . "
tr	6	My guess though , would be yes . "
tr	7	Have I ever in your entire life lied to you about anything ? "
tr	11	Unfortunately , Joe didn 't seem to share this assessment of his situation .
tr	8	She shook off the thought and pulled an approximation of a smile onto her face .
tr	8	With one hand on the first available T-shirt , she turned seeing her bra on the floor .
tr	6	~ It had already been a long day .
tr	7	I started to panic . "
tr	8	The only place left to look was the pilots ' pockets .
tr	10	In ambiguous matters such as these , you ought to make some of your own rulings .
tr	6	A minute later , we came to an opening in the ceiling .
tr	7	" So if I read all these books , I 'll become a genius ? "
tr	6	Were you seeking something , in the pits ?
tr	9	A roll of thunder tore the skies when the katana finally slipped past his guard moments later .
tr	7	As his arm commenced the throwing action , a bullet found the soft tissue of his bicep .
tr	8	They became stiff , as though being electrocuted .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " Chris began .
tr	11	VIN smiled at Jonesy , who ignored him and faced forward .
tr	8	If it weren 't for you I would be dead lah .
tr	7	Runes and paintings , more life-like than even the elves ' paintings , shone brilliant in the morning sun .
tr	6	Chapter 15 The utensil box was together , its secret hidden , when Neela returned .
tr	10	exclaimed Lex who was riding shotgun .
tr	7	Just inside of throwing range .
tr	9	He stopped suddenly and turned to face me .
tr	10	" Did you , uh , " I try to be cool about this .
tr	10	It wasn 't at all what she had expected .
tr	9	His lips split in an unpleasant grin as he marched up to Riki and Neil .
tr	8	Six more men suddenly appeared out of the darkened forest , dripping water from their hair and sleeves .
tr	9	The pace they made was beginning to take its toll .
tr	9	' If we sign these deals we 'll have to get proper transport . '
tr	9	But in the middle , for all the travelers to see , was our missing Di Luca .
tr	11	' However , our contact might be able to point you in the right direction .
tr	6	" Hold on to your mama ! "
tr	8	Rafe 's grip tightened , turning his knuckles white .
tr	11	Inorganic material messages are the best way to display knowledge into a black hole .
tr	10	He supposed he should feel bad about that .
tr	9	They cut the throats of the deer to let them bleed .
tr	7	Maybe she wants something to eat ? "
tr	6	Like a wave , a ripple of something lush and spongy raced outwards from the epicenter .
tr	8	Steve perched on the corner of the desk .
tr	7	" Why did they not take you with them ? "
tr	11	He took a sip , savoring the smoky burn of the liquid on his lips .
tr	8	Mark turned around to face Josie .
tr	8	" I 'll have you hanged , you whore 's son !
tr	10	If not , we 'll have to find something else .
tr	9	The door flew open and Joseph raced out , his nightshirt billowing about him .
tr	8	" Would either of you recognize them if you saw them again ? "
tr	10	He couldn 't believe he 'd been so stupid .
tr	6	Jolie pulled on his pants .
tr	10	With an animation that only the chaotic doctor could pull off , he took over the presentation .
tr	7	Faced with my own mortality , my mind suddenly became clear .
tr	11	The coal black strands stood out as only rebellious ropes that enforced Every 's entire ferocious vision .
tr	7	No , I just , " he starts , quickly feeling guilty .
tr	10	She says she 'll get better for him . "
tr	11	You don 't go running before the party of the year !
tr	9	Then he called for friends of the fighters to come forward for the customary inspection .
tr	7	Without warning , she whipped around and locked eyes with him .
tr	6	The dark water , or at least very runny mud , sucked at the stone supports .
tr	11	" I thought you said we missed a few !
tr	8	" Let these guys in so that the truck can pass .
tr	8	" OK , let 's get going and find you some clothes . "
tr	11	His face showed no emotion as he finished adding extra tape to my leg .
tr	7	Despite being a pulped mess , the redhead from Oklahoma sprang out of her bed .
tr	7	" This could be very , very bad , " Mal said more to himself than anyone else .
tr	7	A smell lingered behind it , a weight on the air rather than a definable substance .
tr	7	" Who is he and where has he taken the boy ? "
tr	10	I told them everything I know .
tr	10	she asked in Taylor 's direction , " You and your friends are in it , sort of .
tr	7	" Good morning Ma , " Taylor greeted her when he entered the office .
tr	6	Her long , black , venomous tail cracked behind her dripping with black liquid .
tr	8	" So now you and Jon are good friends , " Mike said , looking directly at Jon .
tr	10	I 'm sorry I swung at you .
tr	10	He was leaning back against an armchair , the bulky bandage across his chest making him look portly and uncomfortable .
tr	10	And wasn 't the only lie she has ever told me .
tr	9	They still don 't know who did it .
tr	9	His body begins to shake with frustration and rage .
tr	9	She scuttled out of the hut back to the house .
tr	7	Could we have both evolved from the same species ?
tr	8	I checked out the houses in the school and they are all named as Egyptian gods . "
tr	10	Mike inquired as they reached the center of the room .
tr	10	I have one more foot to go , that 's it . "
tr	6	The four men walked up and the mood was decidedly tense .
tr	11	Who knew I was scared of heights ?
tr	7	" We 're running out of time . "
tr	6	" Ok , " he told the bear and took a step back .
tr	8	Didn 't seem very practical , but neither did the skin it had hanging off of it .
tr	11	She saw the wounded man 's mouth open in a large cavernous but mute oval .
tr	8	Do something else if you must . "
tr	8	Taking out another ribbon , she silently wound it around the girl 's hair and tied it in a long bow .
tr	8	" Maybe you could guest post on my blog , share your experience of travelling ? "
tr	7	Gustav 's nephew finally took his leave just after ten , blaming an early start the next day .
tr	11	Wherever she was had plenty of air .
tr	7	Grass , earth , bodies , weapons , armor , anything contained in that swath was instantly , irretrievably annihilated .
tr	7	" Bout three quarters of a mile . "
tr	7	A second before I reached them , the men fell from the tower .
tr	6	Its body was hairy and totally gross with its rotten flesh .
tr	6	" Your two guards are no longer with us .
tr	8	It has to be now .
tr	10	" The man loathes and detests you ; why would he let you go ? "
tr	6	Like usual and irrevocably , I was late with everything .
tr	5	Wet , deep , unending cold was awful .
tr	9	" Damned shame to waste such fine whisky like that . "
tr	9	' Did you do something to piss him off ? '
tr	9	When he heard Landon , he snatched his pipe from his lips to squint at her .
tr	7	" In fact , get out while I change .
tr	9	We need to get moving .
tr	8	I said over Atticus ' blathering 's .
tr	11	Healing Aiden took almost everything I had left in me .
tr	8	Strange , mystical music telling me to touch the light .
tr	10	" OK gentlemen , " said Mudd , " I suggest we move off to the left .
tr	7	He took down his score sheet , crossed it out with a black pen , and held it back up .
tr	6	Her last words to her mother had been a promise .
tr	8	she asked Taylor looking out through an opened window .
tr	8	The word comes out of his mouth softly but with obvious pleasure , " food . "
tr	6	I opened my eyes , " Yeah , I just - , " I began , but then I passed out .
tr	10	I reckon it 's some sort of control unit . "
tr	8	They would be the main component of the attack force . "
tr	10	Lance scowls at him and says , " see anything you like ?
tr	9	Who 's going to notice ?
tr	6	His face gives nothing away , but his body does .
tr	9	But maybe they were official trips to kill people .
tr	10	For this to be over .
tr	10	The silence broke as Harold began to laugh .
tr	7	" Even if it wasn 't , " Hagan added , " your letter might be a little late .
tr	11	" If you 'd had your entire life stolen from you , would you be fine ?
tr	7	The man dropped the empty bottle from his left hand and waved .
tr	6	" We 're defeated , " she blurted and shook her head .
tr	7	I could raise Toby without all this . "
tr	7	Her face was red and tears were again streaming down her cheeks .
tr	8	she screamed , struggling in his hold .
tr	5	ENGINEERING , PHYSICS , STUFF MACHINES CAN 'T DO .
tr	8	13 Another week passed before a storm hit them .
tr	6	" This is a fine American restaurant , isn 't it ?
tr	10	She was very surprised and asked Natalie : " What are you reading this for ? "
tr	7	You could just leave and make this easy , he thought to himself .
tr	8	It had made them different and given them comfort .
tr	8	Will had to get away .
tr	11	You already know I tried to help her .
tr	6	He does good , honest work here .
tr	5	And these guys , these poets , man , they are just so honorable .
tr	10	I talked with Mr. Bins , and he told me that Abigail Woods lied with the all month staying .
tr	10	She 's about your age and studying to be a nurse .
tr	7	-- She said after a while and Julian stepped back , a little bit too quick .
tr	8	After taking long slugs from their drinks , they walked over and began pounding Chris on the back .
tr	5	" Um , uh , perhaps the chant wasn 't quite right .
tr	6	" It 's good , " he said simply .
tr	10	" Just pay attention to if it sounds like anyone 's coming . "
tr	10	Geist shouts , holding out his arms to express his disapproval .
tr	10	I find I 'm sorry for her .
tr	11	I think it 's what Sophie would want . "
tr	5	In her place sat a dire Cassandra prophesying doom and gloom .
tr	10	She wasn 't used to getting compliments and blushed .
tr	9	He hesitated , " What of the poison , the berries you sent the other for ? "
tr	9	You miss seeing us without our t-shirts in the waterfall . "
tr	6	There were suddenly no sounds , even the wind stopped .
tr	10	Before the ice sheets covered it all of course , " Hatley added .
tr	9	Mounted on the door 's handle was a tiny keypad that controlled the lock .
tr	6	Our friend is hurt -- " " Merciful heavens ! "
tr	7	The smile tips back onto the woman 's face .
tr	7	" The one with the flowery scarf and the pink face . "
tr	9	I wanted to add a little icing and decorate the ship .
tr	7	" Not bad , " Mana said , biting off a thread .
tr	8	Distant chuckling erupted on the other side of the glass wall .
tr	10	No , he would have to wait until this evening .
tr	9	" Ah , well , you know -- just an old thing I picked up . "
tr	10	I haven 't seen you girls in almost a year ; you 've grown quite a bit ! "
tr	8	What have you been doing with him ? "
tr	8	" They 're bringing his wife down that road any minute . "
tr	6	" I am no bastard , Mary Ann , " he coldly told the girl .
tr	7	" Most of the Kindred are not Exiles from the Empire like we are .
tr	7	When she blinked again , purple spots still marred her sight .
tr	9	That stuff we can improvise , but the guns and ammo we can 't . "
tr	5	Their broad shoulders sagged , strong hands , powerful legs worthless .
tr	9	I suppose time travel would require that !
tr	6	" Leave her alone ! "
tr	9	We will be on the lookout for any pirates .
tr	9	You are a part of me now , and I want to know you . "
tr	10	It rolls from side to side , the upper decks swaying into the waves .
tr	6	She smiled and fell into a deep sleep .
tr	10	I know you 're attracted to me .
tr	8	She told her parents that they were fine .
tr	7	I have to go . "
tr	6	I wasn 't sure anymore .
tr	6	" Amanda - " " Shh , " she said , placing her hand over his lips .
tr	11	I had to pause to collect myself .
tr	5	Not a gloomy , dark sort of gray , but light , almost silver .
tr	5	The rich walnut coffee and end tables , media cabinet , and bookshelves .
tr	7	Name of God , I 've never been so scared ! "
tr	8	They roasted a portion of the meat and ate their fill .
tr	6	Dried grasses filled tall long vases , the bedspread a riot of wildflowers all native to the prairie .
tr	8	I can give you excellent references from several families . "
tr	8	We need to go investigate .
tr	8	The waves were higher around the boat and rocked it slightly but they were used to it .
tr	8	One of the soldiers , appears to lower his head solemnly .
tr	7	' It 's not a joke , he 's really bad , ' I said .
tr	5	" No , you don 't , it 's too much , too soon . "
tr	6	Sebastian withdrew a bit , then surged back up inside me , deeper and harder than before .
tr	10	He turned back to his enemy and saw the flash of his cape as he disappeared into the corridor .
tr	8	She doesn 't need the approval of the First Council for urgent tactical decisions . '
tr	10	She was sure someone would see them .
tr	7	However , if the financial transactions were any guide , it was soon , very soon .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	8	" I was afraid of this , " he said .
tr	10	The wind then seemed to go out of his sails slightly , but he still continued .
tr	7	George 's hand had moved up to her breast .
tr	7	She is even more beautiful than before .
tr	10	" I told you the halls were full of them . "
tr	10	Have a quick look outside Rick but be careful ... we 've been lucky so far ... .
tr	9	She won 't be up to her full potential for some time , and I have the advantage of experience .
tr	6	" Hello , my name is Betsy Owens and these two here are my daughters Anna Bell and Abby Gail . "
tr	6	That ... is how our guy is passing secrets . "
tr	8	The braves got up and stretched and then walked down to the river .
tr	8	Among them , the leader immediately approached Stefano concerned about his well being .
tr	8	" I had seen it coming , " she whispered , still trembling .
tr	8	He radioed back to his base , " Mission accomplished , " and flew back to his base .
tr	8	Or to end him if he succeeds .
tr	7	I 'll be going now . "
tr	11	You look rather familiar , " he declares , poking his head forward to better study the hero 's face .
tr	8	Images of unwelcome sperm meeting gullible ova tortured her until a previously irrelevant memory blossomed .
tr	6	Both sets of parents were just arriving .
tr	7	Eventually , the ranch became a second home , but the time of darkness drove the family out of Hyrule completely .
tr	10	I 'm sure your flights can be changed . "
tr	11	Mac looked over to see if Raymond was listening .
tr	11	She said while she was walking to her room door , and me stinking like a bur after her .
tr	10	That was one less rat to trouble him .
tr	10	The animal had been content to merely watch them .
tr	6	The things I saw on his body .
tr	6	A few seconds later , the camp leader , wearing a big night shirt , opened the door .
tr	10	We expended a fair amount of ammo rescuing him from that situation .
tr	9	Why must he go out of his way to charm Neela , as well ?
tr	5	" So , two different issues , the school situation , and our house , " Margie said .
tr	7	This weather is making me ill .
tr	7	" I 'm so proud of you . "
tr	10	A young man bounded off a sofa , bringing his body to rigid attention in his surprise .
tr	7	" What we did was my decision and I bear the responsibility alone .
tr	9	The girl in the bunk below continued to mutter in a strident whisper .
tr	5	Him and all the others . "
tr	8	She pointed to the blackened hulk of the cottage .
tr	8	He 's actually AWOL never mind everything else . "
tr	7	Humming , he puffed on his cigar and went back downstairs .
tr	7	The Prince turned back toward his brother and walked up to him with an arrogant swagger .
tr	6	A figure in a dark , hooded cloak walked gracefully out of the forest .
tr	6	" Ah , um ... one please , " I replied , a little distracted .
tr	7	He felt a wave of weariness and disappointment .
tr	6	For a second my mind froze colder than my limbs in the chill .
tr	9	There 's no chance they meet , " Daniel said .
tr	10	Her hand lingered for a moment before she removed it , forcing a nervous cough .
tr	6	" No more visits like this , no more chores , no more killing , no more bidding .
tr	9	" You want to go back and let them out already ? "
tr	9	" Feels like the same damn Air Force fitness schedule we used , " Jonesy remarked .
tr	7	She shook her head and disappeared into the crowds .
tr	6	I flashed my dim light against the walls .
tr	11	" Leave her be , let go you brute ! "
tr	8	Either the enemy was very well hidden or were already invading northward at that moment .
tr	11	You don 't even know what I 'm talking about " Stephanie hissed .
tr	6	" Priestess or not , she 's a woman , all guile and weakness .
tr	8	As you know by now , your father was also an MI6 agent .
tr	8	* * * " Is there any word from the scouts ? "
tr	8	The letter gave him bragging rights over his friends and he relished holding and maintaining that privilege .
tr	7	I won 't let that happen . "
tr	8	A host of angry replies came to Miriam 's tongue , but she bit them back .
tr	7	" We could always throw out all the equipment , " VIN suggested and Jonesy nodded at that idea .
tr	8	Shouts and expletives echo through the dock as the two men angrily rebuke each other .
tr	7	" Not that I 'm complaining , you understand ! "
tr	6	" Oh , it was an accident , " he said , " as it so very often is .
tr	6	A familiar face was just a yard away from him .
tr	6	The woman in the camel coat lifted a hand and waved .
tr	8	" I 'm sorry ... " " We were broken into last night !
tr	8	" But I 'm not going to -- " Miriam stopped and looked up at Mana .
tr	10	She hadn 't even worried that much whether she fancied him or not .
tr	10	When satisfied that all was safe , it would resume eating .
tr	9	" We will have to go and get her .
tr	10	We had little idea of where to go .
tr	9	He points out , changing the subject as they arrive .
tr	11	It felt like a fist punching through his chest , listening to her sob herself to sleep .
tr	10	Her whole being cried out to be with him .
tr	9	We had to shoo sheep out the kitchen .
tr	8	Don 't let a pretty face cloud your judgment , " his father fired back through gritted teeth .
tr	8	Too deep to be removed safely .
tr	6	Everything everyone had said and done , all the shouts , accusations , truths , and lies .
tr	10	" You know what the right thing to do is .
tr	8	No more sin shall rest on you , it will all be washed away ! "
tr	6	On the massive iron doors next to them hung a huge lock .
tr	9	The henhouse was a dingy gray and a distinct odor wafted between its walls .
tr	9	The river was a torrent , and the crashing of the waves echoed from the sides of the room .
tr	8	" Now it 's not only black and scary in here , its black , scary and something 's humming . "
tr	7	How this truth couldn 't affect him ?
tr	9	perhaps he wanted to be ' lost ' , certainly food for thought if nothing else . "
tr	6	And now , here I am , once again in love , once again in unimaginable pain .
tr	7	Obviously I 've still been cleaning and cooking but we 're sleeping separately . '
tr	8	Tony noticed the use of the word ' we . '
tr	10	" It 's going to be a hard sell , " he said grudgingly .
tr	9	She 'd tell me in a flash if this were ludicrous or brilliant .
tr	7	asked Simon ignoring the joke .
tr	6	Her laughter rang through the air .
tr	11	Are you trying to kill her ? "
tr	10	" Is it possible to put this right ? "
tr	10	He is sixty years old , and yet still devises ways to expand his house .
tr	5	his odd friend asked , " Really , really well ? "
tr	7	Then there are the maidens my age -- we all have shorter webbing , it is barely even there . "
tr	6	They took their turns at watch and sleep with the others .
tr	9	He stepped back to he could see the sling .
tr	8	In a few minutes he had a half-dozen that bent equally under the weight of the rock .
tr	7	The man with the wide shoulders and military haircut clapped Alejo 's shoulder with slender fingers .
tr	6	" Truthfully , the problem is ... " " Truthfully , you are not welcome here . "
tr	7	I haven 't left AJC , they 're still paying me my normal salary .
tr	7	We 'd better get back at once .
tr	11	Matthew could tell that Bax wasn 't a confident as he sounded .
tr	7	Why was he spying on me ?
tr	9	He couldn 't see them and so he considered risking a quick peek around the corner .
tr	6	Instead of a skinny , awkward kid , she now saw a beautiful young man with a lean , powerful body .
tr	8	He had always liked the idea of surfing .
tr	10	We laughed together and then I went straight to the toilette with y little purse .
tr	7	After a moment 's hesitation , he said , " That 's the problem though , you know . "
tr	6	I stomped my foot and shouted .
tr	10	It is one thing to be a visitor .
tr	7	He had his arms crossed and his eyes closed .
tr	10	* The house was empty , Wendy away at Cambridge , Dick on the golf course with his army buddies .
tr	8	' You 're bleeding again , ' he said , loading another magazine into the Glock .
tr	8	" Thanks Willie , " Taylor answered , " you don 't even know how much you helped . "
tr	6	in Mathematics , " said our tribesman , " isn 't moving things ahead .
tr	8	Melody touched the flame to the end of the fuse on the first pipe bomb .
tr	7	Reid glanced at me : I nodded once .
tr	5	" My , you do look handsome today .
tr	7	He acted more like a teenager than we did .
tr	5	" Well , well , well , isn 't this cosy ? "
tr	5	" I don 't know . "
tr	8	There were too many to count .
tr	8	Jessica turned to leave , " Sounds good to me .
tr	6	They held her past but also her future .
tr	9	She passed a hand mirror to Ted .
tr	5	" Goodbye , Gwendolyn P. Morgan , " said Jace .
tr	8	" I 'd better leave it here in the dark , " Simon said , rolling to a stop .
tr	7	" Mac sounds like a man 's name . "
tr	6	" Oh , forget it , " Neil groaned .
tr	9	Taylor got up from the couch with much groaning and a gratefully accepted helping hand from Lilly Ann .
tr	11	He slithered away taking advantage of every bit of cover .
tr	9	" Fire control , all Vulcans to fire directly at the enemy vessels .
tr	9	" All clear - that was the last one , " Echo whispered .
tr	6	Emotions running high , Nathan and Bethany called their parents .
tr	11	I didn 't know I was leaving till today . '
tr	8	The soldiers were still there but a team of military engineers was now putting up a guardhouse and permanent gate .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	8	And this eternal resting place Is known as Fiddlers ' Green . "
tr	10	Aria soon realizes there is something terrible in the crowd .
tr	8	He was bloody from head to toe , but held in his arms the dead body of the cougar .
tr	5	Then , not a few seconds later , Kyle 's did the same .
tr	11	It was almost unbearable to the braves that they had to wait and watch this atrocity .
tr	6	She let it all out , her frustration and anger , her sadness and worry .
tr	10	The hardest part is deciding what to do every day .
tr	10	I said as I sat down and eagerly extended out my glass .
tr	10	Anything else you want to know ? "
tr	7	The butler was curled into a fetal position .
tr	9	It would have to be enough .
tr	5	A young gypsy boy entered the kitchen .
tr	5	Ascension , vampires , dimensional worlds , everything , isn 't it ? "
tr	7	They had a school , and three or four hundred people coming to their church .
tr	8	" We can see better than Humans but we don 't have night vision .
tr	9	" You talked to me like I were a person , not just a whore . "
tr	7	A hunted look flitted across Costas 's face .
tr	7	" Um , just a second , Sweetie , I need to ... " " Is that my nose ?
tr	9	After walking up to Malcolm 's apartment , I stopped and pressed my ear to the door .
tr	9	She continued twisting seven counts to her right and twelve to her left .
tr	10	It felt good to shout at this weak man standing before her .
tr	9	" Then I suggest you snap to it . "
tr	11	I guess what she said was true .
tr	7	A few minutes later he walked out of the garage into the sunlight , carrying his suitcase .
tr	8	The mother remained alone and helped her children silently , patiently and with love .
tr	5	Under his breath , Spider said , " That was amazing . "
tr	7	At that point the door was already completely open , and all three of them went in .
tr	7	He 'd kill the man later , and it 'd be more satisfactory .
tr	5	Dirty hair , rough tattoos , cracked nails , bloodshot eyes .
tr	11	It slipped away , and she was dimly aware she was losing consciousness as well .
tr	5	" Of course not , I 'm not even sixteen yet . "
tr	10	They sat and listened , hoping to hear the helicopter again .
tr	7	We entered a large foyer with a black-and-white checkered floor and two arches on either side .
tr	9	He rose to his feet and backed away quickly , but the Death Watchman followed him without missing a beat .
tr	10	He turned his head to look at the Prince .
tr	8	Noah spoke without acknowledging Mariposa .
tr	7	" Yes , of course , Roberto , she is tired after the long journey .
tr	9	I heard Garrick stop typing .
tr	6	" He 's listening ... , " Esmeralda breathed , " ... maybe . "
tr	10	I could enter the cycle of incarnation and preserve my unified soul but that would take too long .
tr	6	Could that car have been a motorhome ?
tr	9	The palace warned all readers to be exceptionally careful and diligent in the next few days .
tr	9	But after that line of spiritual inquiry tapped out after fifteen minutes or so , the service was declared over .
tr	7	The smell of sweet frosting and cinnamon laced the air .
tr	8	I made him as comfortable as I could .
tr	10	... going to have to leave .
tr	11	The three remaining scanned the area while swinging their guns frantically around while Alita just stood there .
tr	6	The only words were , " I am he , " or maybe , " I am here . "
tr	7	" What do you mean by super-powers ? "
tr	10	They were exposed to the open sky and to the eyes of any foraging predator .
tr	9	She seemed not to care about it .
tr	9	" Quickly now , we are being followed ! "
tr	9	There was a burst of static in my earpiece .
tr	8	They had walked more than a full turn and it was now time to rest .
tr	9	" I checked it before I left , but thanks .
tr	10	You cannot speak in Earth Heart , and that 's where all decisions will be made . "
tr	11	The room had never looked this clean when he and Amelia had lived here .
tr	6	" Night dad , " Tori said and snuggled in her bed .
tr	11	I smiled at her happily glad to see her face .
tr	11	That was reason enough to decide for the second alternative .
tr	9	" Thanks , but we 've got it handled " said Phillip .
tr	9	I 'll make the Elders see the poison before the burning .
tr	9	Taylor and his mates stared after her until she disappeared around a bend in the road .
tr	7	" And I don 't do it on purpose . "
tr	8	because he has found a brand new friend .
tr	9	She turned to face him and fell into the blackness of his eyes .
tr	7	He got the scar in the army , you know .
tr	7	' There 's something about the eyes . '
tr	8	He changed the network switch to the American setting and opened the data files .
tr	9	Despite Kurt 's protests , she had instructed him to stay put .
tr	6	Heavy blast doors , made of thick steel .
tr	8	Dad was buried in the morning newspaper , his legs sprawled out to the side of the table .
tr	6	" The last time I trusted a guy , I was eighteen and I was pregnant three weeks later . "
tr	11	By the end of this flight a couple of days later , Ryan heard from NASA .
tr	6	Her eyes and their large pupils stared off blankly , and her breathing was shallow .
tr	8	I started to laugh , noticed Lars all red .
tr	8	And the leopards themselves seemed almost embarrassed and dismayed at this turn of events .
tr	10	The wardrobe and drawers were full of women 's clothing and the air smelled of oranges .
tr	11	It seemed like you had thought of everything , Commander .
tr	8	She let out a gurgling scream and collapsed under the monster 's weight .
tr	8	' Have you heard anything unusual recently ? '
tr	6	Iris and Tristan stood exchanging glances to each other , alarmed .
tr	9	He 's trying to kill you .
tr	7	Then she heard Mama laughing , " Your feet can touch the bottom , Hailey ! "
tr	9	By now , most of the people on Earth harbored no doubts ; the aliens were hostile .
tr	6	" Doctor , the captain needs you immediately , " Aria says , her face grim .
tr	8	Alfred is an influential person , with many business contacts going back years .
tr	10	We don 't have time to try anything else .
tr	8	" Let your daughter lend some clothes to this poor girl . "
tr	5	" Shoes and shirts , and the jeans are pretty damn close . "
tr	7	The people of the Black Countries are generally hostile to strangers .
tr	8	The picture began to get bigger .
tr	8	His shoulder still hurt but it was not the wound .
tr	9	" She 's right , we can catch up the way she said . "
tr	8	I pointed towards a public placard listing certain train times , and our luck held .
tr	9	When Riki was an infant , she didn 't stop crying for days .
tr	8	Reaching the end of the alley , he paused to scan the area .
tr	10	Noel joined Syd as they started marching north .
tr	8	A moment later , she was just with Vincent until her heart was broken .
tr	7	he hissed and brought his sword around in an arc .
tr	7	A bullet whizzed past my ear and struck the floor by my feet .
tr	10	" What do you think you 're doing , Kay ? "
tr	5	" Well , of course , my dear , Errol .
tr	10	You must come in to look at the pictures .
tr	9	" This first rock is heavy , about the size of a baseball , and I have it in . "
tr	6	As the wave slowed , so did Isaacs descent .
tr	9	He had let her do it .
tr	5	" Bonnie , April , Rita , Larry and Julia , Karen Fitz . "
tr	8	Who am I trying to fool ?
tr	8	Two people had been in the pool , but now a dragon , larger than a passenger van , had emerged .
tr	8	Just the one troop working out of Kuching , four teams of four chaps each .
tr	6	The false king again held his hand up for silence .
tr	6	Suddenly , without any prior warning , the man went for his gun .
tr	7	She turned , and the fringes of her scarf hit my cheek .
tr	8	If you count me worthy , I would be yours . "
tr	7	We 're with you or we wouldn 't be here .
tr	6	" Okay , so your name is Mark , " Josie said , calmly .
tr	11	" I figure you 'd just spike me if I tried .
tr	8	We look up to them because of where they live .
tr	9	Which , for our purposes , meant that you could be anywhere .
tr	6	I drove out , the people there loaded the Shifters on , and I drove away . "
tr	11	When he saw a dark blue Ford four by four come around the corner Scott 's gaze narrowed .
tr	7	A tree was growing between them now .
tr	6	The blackness of the night hindered my vision any deeper than a few feet off the roadway , through the trees .
tr	8	" Would you care for something to eat , Master ?
tr	11	Noise came from upstairs that sounded like a TV .
tr	8	They took ample supplies of food and some extra deer hides for personal comfort .
tr	10	" Maybe we 'd better do a perimeter check , to be sure , " she said .
tr	8	His rational thoughts leaving him for the moment , Ganondorf succumbs to the temptation and ventures another step closer .
tr	9	Sarah sat down on the bed next to him .
tr	7	Voices echoed from beyond the open doorway .
tr	10	" I think Peter and Melissa were working together on the Trilogy .
tr	11	The girl stood up , looking offended , and the Prince was afraid he 'd gone too far too fast .
tr	9	If we split the group , one of us is sure to find him .
tr	11	It can do whatever you wish it to do . "
tr	10	She forced her breathing to even , willing herself to sleep , just sleep .
tr	6	After a long moment , she shrugged off the possibility , opened the stairwell door , and left .
tr	9	He gripped the bowl , felt a feverish madness closing in on him .
tr	7	" Will your parents miss you , Simon ?
tr	9	Don 't let that happen -- easy for him to say !
tr	7	With a sigh , Claire put her camera away and headed back down to the bus .
tr	9	I had that gift to attract troubles .
tr	8	He was a thin punk , but with his life on the line , he fought big .
tr	11	Today , she wasn 't going to let it stop her .
tr	9	" Very good Sir , " said Andy mimicking Stephens as he reached down for the thermos flask .
tr	10	" Let 's go back into town and see if there isn 't more news , " David said .
tr	11	First of all , exactly who are we talking about ? "
tr	6	And with that advice the old man got up and left .
tr	9	She forced herself to snap out of it .
tr	8	Ignoring the woman , he looks down at himself and begins to sob .
tr	7	To the best of their knowledge Robbie McElroy was still in Dubai but ... . .
tr	9	Calvin had told him of Island 's rejection .
tr	11	She was then hit by a small bark of a tree on her head .
tr	10	Across the table , he saw that Riki 's eyes were closing of their own accord .
tr	7	Ted could still not breathe , but a thin smile broke across his face .
tr	7	" What 's going on ? "
tr	8	I now lived in a compact habitable unit on the outer limits of Trans Central .
tr	10	He wanted to be ready when that happened .
tr	8	he kept saying to himself .
tr	8	" There 's a strike going on and the streets are a mess .
tr	8	' We know who you are , ' said Bruno .
tr	11	Sure don 't want to go back after all that , you know . "
tr	5	" Please Abby , please don 't go .
tr	9	Curious at the sound of an unfamiliar voice conversing with his mate he peeked through the door .
tr	7	He thrust one leg out of bed and immediately felt woozy .
tr	10	Rafe had no desire to release her and as Adele made no move to disentangle herself .
tr	9	For all we know , their capabilities could be far greater than anyone assumes .
tr	10	You are professional fighters -- why not fight for us ?
tr	8	" If we lose that eye , we can 't get another one , " she added .
tr	6	It sent a shock through his hand , up his arm , into his motionless heart .
tr	5	At the same time , a cold thrill ran down my spine .
tr	10	Didn 't she remember she 'd shot them all ?
tr	10	he urgently asked a young scientist sitting at one of the control stations .
tr	6	His clothes had no patches or home repairs , no stains or holes .
tr	8	she said putting her hand to her chest .
tr	8	We continued past it and reached the base of the shaft minutes later .
tr	9	" We were extremely unprepared , and we have yet to fill his position . "
tr	10	He jumped up and yelled , " Lilly , come on out , Mr. Geronimo is here ! "
tr	7	But where eyebrows , eyes , nose and mouth , cheeks and chin should be , there was nothing .
tr	10	He emerged from the truck , covered in biting , scratching , clinging elves .
tr	6	With one slice , his hands were free and then his feet .
tr	9	Dane gave him a level look , " Why , do you want one ? "
tr	9	Stretching the truth he said , ' First one with Raphael on kit . '
tr	10	She had to take care of an old lady .
tr	7	I can 't look at my hands right now .
tr	7	" Buddy , these are showing up all over the place . "
tr	11	The Prince , of course , would have been allowed in as one of the Children .
tr	9	They think even the moon belongs to them .
tr	10	Robbie already had Eddie tied in a hard chair his hands bound behind him with plastic ties .
tr	9	I had to get his nose out of the newspaper .
tr	9	Who thinks dying feels good ?
tr	9	It was time to lead again .
tr	7	Perhaps Paco and Alba weren 't that bad after all .
tr	6	In Scotland , the domestic animals and an occasional wild fox or bird were his only animal friends .
tr	10	On that receipt , or piece of paper , or something that she had found ?
tr	7	From the floating bridge linking Heaven and Earth they stirred the primeval ocean with a jewelled spear .
tr	10	I think they have fallen in love .
tr	6	My enemy glared back at me , his eyes flashing .
tr	9	Where are the windmills and silly tunnels to put the ball through ?
tr	6	Even so , perhaps he had dismissed " motive " too quickly .
tr	6	The scrawled ' DON 'T LEAVE ME ' sent a stinging chill down my spine .
tr	7	After taking a few deep breaths , I turned and leaned my back against the wire cage .
tr	11	He had begun repeatedly describing with great heart the day he would bring Laura home .
tr	10	" Well , aren 't you going to thank me ? "
tr	8	" Do you love him ? "
tr	9	" Who 'd be shooting in the summer ? "
tr	9	She stood and took as much of his weight as she could , helping him back to the table .
tr	6	" Of course , " he said , " the favored escape for cowards everywhere . "
tr	11	If they needed information from an informant he knew how to get it out skilfully , meticulously and with bloody results .
tr	8	I ... will be honest with you .
tr	10	He smiled at her , trying to be welcoming .
tr	11	You have already shown yourselves to be merciful , and I ask for more than you can give .
tr	5	" Not right now , " her mother called back .
tr	11	His daughter has apparently taken some leave to look after her . "
tr	9	I didn 't see our brothers or those two girls from the beach at the bonfire , did you ? "
tr	10	He knew that Branden didn 't trust her , but this seemed very extreme .
tr	10	There was no question it was coming down .
tr	6	" Not to you , perhaps , but to me it 's like the finest wine . "
tr	5	The sound of her blended with memories of her sighs of pleasure in the mine and later in the greenhouse .
tr	5	Still in the trees above , the first vampire closed his eyes .
tr	6	" Corporal Hunger , " he called to his driver .
tr	9	Connor absorbed the charge rather easily and the two fighters began exchanging quick shots with their sticks .
tr	7	No other unseen things stalked Landon , much to his relief .
tr	6	He baited my brothers with their own concern .
tr	10	It almost seemed as though the dogs were looking right through him .
tr	8	In a flash she had pushed herself off of him and disappeared into the trees .
tr	7	Acting on a sudden inspiration , he took the call .
tr	9	A puzzled frown crossed the large man 's face , as if he was debating a difficult conundrum .
tr	11	I do not know if you are one of them ! "
tr	6	Not giving up like Juliette .
tr	8	" With a bracelet like this we can go wherever we want ! "
tr	9	We just can 't get the cage up over the lip of the rock . "
tr	9	She slung her backpack over her shoulder , hopped on her bike , and sped off to practice .
tr	10	You have to turn it on or something ? "
tr	11	" Where did you work before you came to Pearson 's , Mr. Cantwell ? "
tr	9	My sides started aching and Austin was clutching his stomach .
tr	7	He closed the door but did not bolt it .
tr	8	" She 'll be eaten alive by that wild thing . "
tr	8	With the surrender of Drew , the four men at the top of the slope relaxed their guard .
tr	8	You may have concussion from that knock to your head . "
tr	7	Today we fight not just for land or wealth .
tr	9	Callahan had assumed the identity of Lou Phillips , complete with passport , driving licence , credit cards and bank accounts .
tr	10	The blade was thick and sturdy , clearly made more for use instead of looks .
tr	10	Rand ran his hand over his head and , grasping a handful of hair , gave it a sharp tug .
tr	9	He determined it was no good -- he couldn 't fasten the rope to it in any way .
tr	10	She was cocky enough to leave it unprotected .
tr	10	I heard Commander Compassion ask someone in the hallway .
tr	8	Instead , she looked around the reception room , noting the large windows and comfortable furniture .
tr	7	" Oh , I 'm certain of that , my dear . "
tr	8	Before Connor knew it a live camera was on Billy inside his sky box .
tr	5	" How do we play ? "
tr	11	" Do you mind if we wait until Mary gets here ?
tr	10	" I didn 't say I had the answers , Pastor .
tr	8	The Prince looked from the bared sword up into the man 's eyes .
tr	5	" Wait , " she said quietly .
tr	7	" Nor can I , my dear .
tr	8	I opened the channel and drew you to me , " Aria explains .
tr	9	The cave tunnels ran like a maze under the lodge and the lake and the high hill beyond .
tr	8	He could see the far side from his vantage point , observed everything -- every leaf that moved .
tr	8	The plastic snaps off , and I think I understand .
tr	9	I knew better than to say anything .
tr	8	A green light flashing on the mechanism indicates that the device is working .
tr	7	Meanwhile , several other crewmen set about digging away the sand from under the hull .
tr	6	" It 's the Night Watchman Express , " Miriam replied .
tr	6	" Shure an ' tha Doc be quite a Renaissance man , ' e is .
tr	8	The thin film of light around my hands is evident in the darkness .
tr	10	' I 'm surprised you didn 't finish him off . '
tr	6	" Yeah , but I 'm not - " " Mr. Carmichael , " she said sternly .
tr	9	" I know what I 'm doing , " Lonnie huffed .
tr	6	He is also a rather nice , if not too intelligent , young man . "
tr	9	Jodie and Alex continued to train on their own .
tr	5	" Ah , well , still , that is an interesting theory .
tr	8	Even with his senses shrouded by the helm , the man 's reflexes are impossibly acute .
tr	9	" Oh , " he starts , only just recalling Mai 's hatred of her siblings .
tr	7	The giant dogs pursued behind me , jaws wide open and showing their teeth sharper than a blade .
tr	9	" Just needed to talk to a friend . "
tr	6	This time of the morning it was barely light .
tr	8	Simon and Beppe entered the house via the back door and immediately raced upstairs .
tr	9	The lot of you were so distracted it wasn 't difficult .
tr	10	The tranquillity clashed with Claire 's urgency to be moving .
tr	5	Kenny saw the twins cast each other , and Coach Blaine , an uneasy glance .
tr	7	Her hair was straight , silky and jet black , her eyes dark as midnight .
tr	5	Slowly , steadily , he bent the weapon almost double .
tr	7	" Praise be to God , " he finally said to no one in particular .
tr	7	Some hadn 't dealt with the current reality very well .
tr	10	She had no idea they shared a common ancestors in the Dinosaur epochs .
tr	9	' I could never order the murder of my own daughter and grandchild . '
tr	8	The answer was easy to obtain .
tr	7	With both victims down , the four thugs ran back to the waiting car and sped off .
tr	9	Outside , all the equipment was far enough away not to get damaged .
tr	8	" That was a great honeymoon , " Maria said , sitting at their tiny table .
tr	11	Dreamer was stunned when Ted let her go .
tr	6	Actually , the number of animals had grown .
tr	10	As he crossed the yard toward the barrels Scott realized it was one of the apples .
tr	8	Within seconds , the link went green and a timer started to countdown .
tr	10	she said , trying to look around .
tr	6	" Easy lad , " soothed he , " your sister is well , easy . "
tr	9	Once they had slowed down he started to zigzag towards the buildings .
tr	7	Do you hear me ? "
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	10	The first e-mail was a reply to the accommodation checks carried out by his people .
tr	11	Red Talon came to his blanket to be with Three Baskets .
tr	7	" It 's okay , sweetie , " she said , her voice a rasping whisper .
tr	7	Miriam said , giving it up .
tr	11	The last time he came to visit his Babushka was probably twelve years ago .
tr	9	" You have been hunting these woods for a long time .
tr	5	Pointing , Jacobs asked , " Matt kept a diary ? "
tr	9	" That isn 't all they found , " interjected Gorn , bitterly .
tr	7	" You two are creeping me out now ! "
tr	6	We 'll catch you . "
tr	10	From across the water , they began to hear the haunting sound of a lone voice singing .
tr	11	Yes it had been good to share her problems but that didn 't solve them .
tr	10	" I was going to say people with Imps . "
tr	8	Now Devils respect us so little they risk the wrath of their own leaders to attack us .
tr	9	Tsubasa said nothing more , starting into space and stroking his chin .
tr	6	Out the window , the skyline of Seattle looked like a neon blur through the low cloud deck .
tr	10	We will not be hanging this man unless I say so .
tr	9	I took a step towards her , tension humming in my veins .
tr	6	For once , the data within it was not encrypted .
tr	8	" It is well received , " he is forced to admit .
tr	6	" Damian , let 's seat down , shall we ?
tr	5	" But then there was you .
tr	8	For any awkwardness my disappearance may have caused her and my classmates .
tr	5	The man 's labored breath was exceptionally clear .
tr	9	" The ones you turned out into the pasture ? "
tr	7	" Are you kidding me ? "
tr	10	Danny helped her prepare the round of drinks .
tr	9	Why agree to marry Jeremy ?
tr	9	" Look ; Finn forgot to take his breakfast . "
tr	11	Bring them here and we 'll both take care of all of them .
tr	10	It is he who now holds your sister for ransom .
tr	5	" No , just the general enhancements .
tr	8	This item had once been home to her and somehow the presumable start to all her problems .
tr	8	My body responds , hands growing hot and glowing .
tr	9	He glanced around and behind him , as if searching for someone .
tr	11	" What if I don 't want to fight ? "
tr	8	" Here , go put this jumpsuit on and I 'll show you , " said William .
tr	6	He has a runner 's lean physique .
tr	8	By then , our bullets had already struck ten of them .
tr	9	" No , I don 't have a computer or smart phone , George " I said .
tr	10	In the living room Katherine explained how John had talked to the bearded stranger .
tr	6	The pine trees were incredibly tall there , the foliage thick and little purple wild flowers dotted the ground whimsically .
tr	11	For an old woman as her to wander alone in this forest ?
tr	5	But rather Excitement , joy , happiness , relief , you name it .
tr	10	' I 'm afraid many of us lost lives during our conflicts with the Ottoman Empire . '
tr	7	They 're going to paradise . "
tr	8	stated Simon feeling excited and scared by his discovery .
tr	9	She lifted her head but she seemed not to recognize him .
tr	9	The time does not seem to wear out the beauty that she once possessed .
tr	9	Those wants are superficial though .
tr	5	Maybe some more glitter - " " No more glitter , " Clary said hastily .
tr	8	When the girls met the lads at a café for lunch they warmed up with cups of tea .
tr	11	" Blimey , where did you come from ? "
tr	9	Never to return to Earth .
tr	11	I did what needed to be done . "
tr	8	" You come back to Tunisia and help guard Sami ... " Omar smiled .
tr	8	The valley was long and narrow and as beautiful a place as he had ever seen .
tr	10	asks Serena , trying to ignore Arista .
tr	11	" You say this thing has been running for how long ? "
tr	9	What we 'd seen at Versailles had been the epitome of opulence and oppressive social castes .
tr	7	I asked Linda , " Have anything to add ? "
tr	11	Think about how scared you were .
tr	9	He nodded and she proceeded to click away .
tr	11	The cold jewel encrusted familiarity gave him some reassurance as he looked into the face of evil .
tr	7	Suddenly a roar cut through the silence and Claire felt goosebumps rise on her arms beneath her jacket .
tr	7	Sporadic fire from the Human fleet kept the enemy 's shield up but no progress was being made .
tr	7	the girl immediately retorted , her eyes gleaming in the firelight , mocking him .
tr	11	This was the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for him .
tr	8	A splash of cold water hit me like a truck and I could hear men laughing .
tr	6	I keep my face placid , but my anger flares .
tr	8	Let 's at least wait until the train arrives , " Miriam argued .
tr	9	He rose , bowing low to the kings .
tr	5	" Ah ... , well , I never buy my own clothes either . "
tr	9	Right now , we need to get to that temple . "
tr	10	" Well , I 'm terribly sorry -- " Neil began to rise from the table .
tr	10	I pulled off his crisp white tee and let it stay bunched by his hands .
tr	10	She redoubled her efforts to writhe away , with as little success .
tr	6	Then a large off-road 4x4 turned up the dirt track leading to Sleaford Castle .
tr	8	I offer you a chance to restore your honor .
tr	9	Two loud piercing bangs in quick succession brought her to her feet .
tr	10	Think you are better than me ?
tr	5	Abandoned vehicles , flattened fences , and burned-out buildings dominated the landscape .
tr	8	Everything else stopped existing instantly for Camden ; there was only him and the monster .
tr	8	I longed for a pistol to shoot the poor creature .
tr	11	He gave her some story about being a business consultant or something , she 's quite the young woman apparently . "
tr	7	Cries raged behind me , and bullets chased him like wasps .
tr	11	The rumors stuck to me like gum on the bottom of my shoe , clinging to everywhere I stepped .
tr	8	The Cape Cod TV stations and newspapers were the first to arrive .
tr	9	Elaina let it fall to the ground .
tr	5	" Yeah , I kind of figured , " I answered .
tr	10	You are able to use Logos , " Shade said , intensely looking at me .
tr	8	He had kept his eyes on the others , except for Clancy .
tr	7	No wonder you and Rick are such good friends , Kaylie .
tr	9	The doors to CIC slide open and four medical officers rush into the room carrying stretchers and medical gear .
tr	7	They paused , they looked at each other and in a wordless collective decision they nodded to each other .
tr	9	He had to be patient and wait .
tr	8	For a moment the Prince was struck dumb by the man 's flat-out refusal .
tr	6	Afterward , sweaty and exhausted , we curled up with each other in a much calmer way .
tr	6	Especially after all those idiotic amendments that passed in the last election . "
tr	8	We are all in this together , and no one person 's troubles are more important than the next .
tr	11	She focused on the screen , skipping through the evidence of Nigel 's presence .
tr	11	Yesterday , the walls and structure were entirely white but now there are gray lumps on the columns .
tr	8	The best course is always to be straightforward .
tr	9	Tom opened the electrical box that housed the starter button .
tr	9	" It means we 're being followed . "
tr	9	How could such an incredible human being allow this to happen , actually engineer such a thing ?
tr	11	The Courtier had been dragged along by the train for a few feet before he fell once more to the platform .
tr	5	In its arms , it held a long , rectangular welcome sign .
tr	9	The captain must have seen Chris eying them .
tr	11	" Oh , so your mother returning home isn 't enough to make you happy , " his mother winked .
tr	9	You wan na know why ? "
tr	10	Nathan cursed silently as he brought his rifle on the dog , but he knew it would be a difficult shot .
tr	11	Please let us get where we 're going safely .
tr	8	No one else seemed to notice , and I didn 't press him .
tr	6	" Wait , " Lucas interrupted , " I learned a healing spell last night .
tr	9	The gunners each took one of Sykes ' arms and began dragging him , kicking and screaming , down below .
tr	9	" Who said we were leaving ? "
tr	8	After a time , the houses began to thin , and the occasional plot of open land began to appear .
tr	6	" You think of something . "
tr	7	" When we ... when I ... " She blushed awkwardly .
tr	6	Finan regarded the untouched wine in his goblet .
tr	6	" Because your father , for all his sins , still has a son , and she doesn 't .
tr	6	Pedro looked at her then at Roberto .
tr	7	" For the last time ... " she whispered and pulled the string harder .
tr	8	Then early the next morning I had a crisis dropped in my lap .
tr	11	" Do you ever wonder if this is all wrong ? "
tr	8	All that resonated was the call from her sister and the implications .
tr	10	Amy continued buttering toast adding , ' He 's behind you . '
tr	5	" Eleven months and -- " " ... Thirteen days , " Pope nodded slowly .
tr	8	Neil went to it and seized one of the feathers .
tr	9	Or was it because he had found his life richer there ?
tr	6	" Yes dear , " HS2 said with a wink .
tr	7	" I talked to him last night , and he will be out here tomorrow .
tr	9	Carlos had reluctantly agreed to go along .
tr	10	Jacob replies trying to calm her .
tr	8	said Godard anxiously as we entered the foyer .
tr	11	Dr. Stadler asked as he started to tie his gown .
tr	9	She performs a curtsy , an amused smile forming on her lips .
tr	7	He swallowed mouthfuls of the salty water .
tr	11	The clues , although we have yet to fully analyze the information , are in their genes . '
tr	9	Looking down , he found his hands were in fists .
tr	5	The cloud parted and two men , also bloody and beaten , took her place .
tr	11	I found it difficult to focus on them .
tr	5	Then , suddenly , a deafening , monstrous clanging filled the room .
tr	10	" Hold on , folks , " he said , working to keep calm .
tr	7	Evidently a man of medical experience , he squatted beside the still figure and began his examination .
tr	10	He had all he wanted of the underworld .
tr	7	" Not true , we were both in on that one " he replied .
tr	10	She knew she was transmitting her unease to her horse .
tr	11	Some say it 's been in existence since 1630 ... ... .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	8	" They 've gambled on this invasion , " he explained .
tr	7	" And , based on my research , the yellow stuff is called sand , making up a beach landscape .
tr	10	" It doesn 't matter where I come from , you idiot !
tr	11	Come to think of it , we did hear a bit of shouting , but that 's normal too .
tr	7	It 's dangerous , but so is this , and if it works , we 'll have a real chance . "
tr	11	She wandered into the rose garden that filled the courtyard outside the Orangery .
tr	10	" I see , so the message is to stand ground and disperse the force .
tr	9	It seemed like her mind was made up .
tr	10	The acrid smell of gunpowder rapidly filled the room and spent rounds clattered noisily to the ground .
tr	7	' I do ' I thought , but let it slide .
tr	8	Hai Hai gutted one with her sabers before he even got his weapon out .
tr	11	The time she told him that she didn 't have long to live .
tr	9	Real logs had been set vertically into the ground and their tops had been cut into points .
tr	7	She fell to the ground , anger clouding her open eyes even in death .
tr	7	That first night , he loosened Rocky 's girth and tethered him to a bush .
tr	10	she yelled , struggling to push him off .
tr	9	Her blade drove through a man 's heart and she watched as the light left his eyes .
tr	8	" You would assault my people chasing fairy tales ? "
tr	10	" Come on , " Gabe 's eyes are bright , and he 's got that teasing smile on his face .
tr	6	" That was lucky , " he said , and jogged off .
tr	9	Your blog says you 're in NZ .
tr	8	Vaguely , he registered that the Watchman was afraid .
tr	8	After a brief period of quiet sobs , he finds the composure to continue .
tr	6	Raw , bright colors edge into his aura .
tr	8	Paddy and Frank had taken a small table in a corner .
tr	9	Kaylie asked tentatively , putting on her most endearing face .
tr	6	On the other side of it lay another corridor .
tr	11	I looked around to see the Minotaur maze from where Icarus flew .
tr	8	" As for the rest of you , I 'll make you a deal .
tr	7	He nearly jumped to his feet , then handed them over .
tr	5	In prearranged fashion , I let out a long , low whistle .
tr	9	But the moon was big and bright and by its light I could see Parson Lucifer 's white preacher 's collar .
tr	7	Starting with you , " she said , went to Tori and stuck her hand out .
tr	7	" Hmmmm , " Gurney was quiet for a few seconds .
tr	11	Shimmer believed that was how she knew their names .
tr	7	" Are you positive this is it ? "
tr	6	-- They will open , " she assured her allies .
tr	11	He passed it across to Terri , who shook her head .
tr	6	Every bone in his body came to life .
tr	10	Cera was the next to spring into action .
tr	6	Still holding the camouflaged hand , the old man next to him did something unexpected and terrifying .
tr	11	Minutes later , we turned a corner and skidded to a stop in front of a pair of high containment doors .
tr	9	When I saw him , I jumped in the air , and looked at him with my eyes swimming in tears .
tr	5	" A coffee at the café soon , then .
tr	7	Barney smiled and leaned back in his chair .
tr	7	He was slightly taller than Missy and had dark brown curly hair .
tr	11	He grabbed her throat , crushing a rising cry before it could escape .
tr	7	" If someone got sick or injured , " Joanna went on , " they 'd be finished . "
tr	11	I 'm sorry you were put out and you 've had Sky all day .
tr	7	With a pivot he twisted his own arm at the elbow and angled his blade down .
tr	11	Seems weird that you would know where it was . "
tr	6	Maggie , Penny and Michael Pitt went along for the rides .
tr	8	He had paid for the room daily from his winnings , and had replaced Jonesy 's losses in the bank account .
tr	6	" The book brought us all here , " Matthew replied with conviction .
tr	8	He lost a dog he loved . "
tr	10	" I think I would prefer capture to this . "
tr	10	Jonesy brought her in fast , like a helicopter dropping off troops in a battle .
tr	9	He brought a couple of these back and when they were charged up , they worked fine . "
tr	11	" These rings are a gift that you will soon have great need of . "
tr	11	She knew there was nothing to see .
tr	8	" Come then , he is resting at Rand 's camp . "
tr	8	He looked up at the two men in front of him .
tr	8	Fear is a foreign feeling to Jason and it makes his stomach churn .
tr	11	What an exhilarating thought , the journey he had been preparing for so long would finally begin .
tr	11	Her large , troubled eyes met his and he felt as if the breath were knocked from his body .
tr	9	She took one of his hands in both of her own and shook it up and down for several moments .
tr	9	I mean , we just found out how Melissa got to you . "
tr	9	" Yeah , you 're going to love this .
tr	8	" Oh , and don 't forget the , ' Are you going my way ? " '
tr	8	" What are we supposed to do ? "
tr	10	The Hub may have been infiltrated by more Veils than you realise . "
tr	9	Oh God , that 's going to finish her off .
tr	8	Do not answer that question ; I should never have asked it .
tr	7	but that was over twenty years ago .
tr	8	I hummed as I leaned even closer .
tr	5	Still , the morning sun came much too quickly .
tr	10	It had been some time since I last killed so many men .
tr	11	I guess they 'll be safe with her ? "
tr	6	He waved his hand to motion at Simon and Miriam .
tr	7	Gabe offers a little smile , but it doesn 't get too far .
tr	10	The female employees were quite aware that their weight was tracked , a necessary security measure , they were told .
tr	9	Although he was also concentrated on his work , he kept casually glancing around at his surroundings .
tr	8	Like Mike , they were gone , cut down by a speeding ambulance eleven months earlier .
tr	11	Do you even have to ask ? "
tr	11	* * * In Hemel , Raphael had gone to bed but didn 't sleep .
tr	9	He picked up the spare blanket and curled up under it in the crook of a nearby tree .
tr	10	They weren 't meant to be in the city .
tr	7	Mark caught Jimmy 's face with one hand , then lowered his head gently to the table .
tr	10	" Alejo , I have a sort of penance for you , " Rupert continued explaining to a dumbfounded Alejo .
tr	6	" A splendid idea , sir , " said Ethan with an easy smile .
tr	7	It can only get worse from here .
tr	6	She lifted it again slowly , shook her head , docked it and opened the cash register drawer .
tr	10	Blood ran all the way to his ankle , but otherwise it didn 't appear to be too bad .
tr	9	" You tried to kill Santa , " the man said .
tr	8	The glow in the east was getting noticeably brighter by the minute .
tr	8	He follows the trail to the windy and rainy city of Manchester .
tr	5	" I know , " Gabe says .
tr	10	Three months ago , the boys both went away , never to be heard from again . "
tr	6	" Remarkable work , M. de la Croix , " said the senior scholar , also speaking Latin .
tr	8	He hardly felt it it being so sharp .
tr	10	He had a heavy accent I didn 't recognize , but he spoke perfect English .
tr	10	Even now , water in their skin would be turning to vapor , rupturing cell membranes and destroying tissues .
tr	8	Wounded Eagle saw this , and his heart began to jump .
tr	9	It wasn 't much in the way of news .
tr	5	Preferable , Mrs. Jones , " he told her .
tr	8	What in the name of God was that ?
tr	6	" Nice , " Jack sighed , " This is getting monotonous . "
tr	8	At 10am , they all jumped into Inspector Lau 's car and headed for the Butterworth Air Base .
tr	9	" This is good , " he said in between small laughs , " now what ? "
tr	9	He paused in front of the mirror and continued to knot his tie .
tr	7	I press my palms harder into my knee caps .
tr	8	" Says here you 're from Mayfield , Kentucky .
tr	11	" You know we are going to die , right ? "
tr	8	" Already working on it , " Sarah said not looking up from some papers .
tr	6	" Maybe ... maybe ... we should leave , " I said , hot burning red filling my eyes .
tr	10	It 's something we have never seen before . "
tr	6	He fell asleep right afterwards . "
tr	5	" No bloodshed , fair play , and the first fall heralds the winner . "
tr	9	Do whatever you have to .
tr	10	The large dog had quickly become a sort of mascot and a favorite among the prison families ' children .
tr	10	The idea was so ridiculous I discarded it straight away .
tr	11	" My patience has fled me , and your childish delusions embrace the very ruin you speak of ! "
tr	11	The man creaked downwards until eventually he plopped himself onto the edge of the bathtub .
tr	9	In an instant the cousins rushed to help drive the huge dog away from Nina .
tr	7	That guy had been on her bus ?
tr	8	And when they were finally defeated , the Empire would torture and kill them all .
tr	5	To my surprise , it wasn 't exactly a note .
tr	8	It was disgusting and yet , somewhere deep in his subconscious , it felt so right .
tr	7	Tarleton sat up , wriggled out of his sleeping bag and pulled on his coat and boots .
tr	9	Oxford University South East England January 3rd , 2026 Jan Colbert waited impatiently while a technician pounded away at the keys .
tr	6	The resulting cloud of flour billowed outward , expanding in unison with Edwards 's choked curses .
tr	10	' We 'll have to do something , ' Danny said .
tr	10	It was a warm summer day like today , but there was nowhere to turn for shade .
tr	10	From then on Landon muttered and glared and backed away dramatically every time she cast a web .
tr	11	I need to know how to attack .
tr	7	He put a few stitches in the shoulder and bandaged it with a white cloth .
tr	11	They don 't get paid to haul the cargo around ; they get paid to deliver .
tr	11	I 'm afraid I 've got more bad news . '
tr	7	" Come on , I 'll cook you a great breakfast . "
tr	10	I want you to know that I always loved ... you . '
tr	9	We 've transformed the company into something a little different .
tr	11	This is what he had been waiting for all his life .
tr	9	She needed to get going .
tr	8	He glanced warily at the woods around us .
tr	7	He pitched forward and lay with his head on a rock , coughing and retching .
tr	8	There was a heavy crash behind him , and the Prince shot a look over his shoulder .
tr	8	He looked at her in silence for a few moments .
tr	10	" Don 't you think that the guards will be in their vicinity ?
tr	9	" You didn 't know the Trojans were here ? "
tr	10	I swivel my head to look at Ry .
tr	6	They got very close one night and nine months later , I was born . "
tr	8	I interrupt , tired of the rambling .
tr	9	Kings must not give one jot what others think or do .
tr	8	Clancy soon found the dirt path and they moved into the woods , away from prying eyes .
tr	8	Nathan sagged down against a tree in sudden grief .
tr	9	He maneuvered until he could see a sidewalk .
tr	5	One of the worst day of my life that one . "
tr	10	She could also feel Dan loosen up when she smiled .
tr	6	When I didn 't , he added , " I 'm Todd , by the way . "
tr	8	" And then everything will be made clear ? "
tr	10	As civilization collapsed , hundreds of thousands began dying and the rule of law disintegrated .
tr	8	His uniform was scruffy , ill-fitting and well washed with a frayed shirt collar .
tr	11	Something warned her , though , so she asked where he spent the day , instead .
tr	8	" You can have her , " Falcon said ruefully and the man 's face contorted in an ugly grin .
tr	8	She had to think a moment .
tr	7	And although absolutely everyone understood this , the thought even entered my head . "
tr	8	He 'd affected a brush cut and a short grizzled beard but he was lean and nut brown .
tr	6	There should be an American consulate there . "
tr	6	Quite a bit : a lifestyle , credit cards , a car , drinking every night and very little work .
tr	7	All you needed was the cash !
tr	9	The Angel thanked him for such valuable information and began to make his goodbyes .
tr	8	The chamberlain paled a little , definitely not wanting to answer this question .
tr	6	Across the aisle , the Baroness sat with her head against the bulkhead .
tr	8	Since I 've left home , I 've made it through obstacle after obstacle .
tr	10	You weren 't supposed to be there , but you were .
tr	7	The skeletal remains of a tree rose up out of the gravel path , beckoning the Jeep forward .
tr	10	She rubbed her hands together , trying to warm them .
tr	7	At the same time , Mia passed the last trees and came to the river bank .
tr	10	And horsemen could begin to be made out .
tr	9	Our train had left Rome without incident , and the rest of that afternoon was spent admiring the passing countryside .
tr	7	Then my arm hit a grate blocking my path .
tr	11	Jon couldn 't quite form a sentence but Kimberly knew what he wanted to know .
tr	11	It was obvious she cared about him , a lot .
tr	6	" Come on , we 've lain here long enough .
tr	9	I really was asking myself what my mother was doing .
tr	9	He frowned at the firewood comment , but seemed to work it out .
tr	6	Knees and elbows of the dead poked through .
tr	8	That night , Brand sang a quiet Yule song as he strummed his lute .
tr	10	That night , David came home exhausted with a bandaged hand , bringing soap and a bag of flour .
tr	9	Jack made me feel found .
tr	7	It just made me madder !
tr	11	I remained speechless , but I tried so hard to keep my calm and of course the careless mood .
tr	11	I have taken this charge and the quest with full knowledge that it may end with my death , unfulfilled . "
tr	10	" Do you need to rest ? "
tr	9	' We 've already gone over this , Costas , ' he said in a patient voice .
tr	8	Excited and pleased but a little tired after his remarkable day Ben set off home .
tr	8	Due to the chill of the air , and the fatigue of the living conditions , his voice had grown hoarse .
tr	8	Hyperion was now standing in the shapeshifter 's room .
tr	7	' It 'll be all right , child .
tr	8	Andy woke the next morning still on the couch with the sun streaming through the window .
tr	9	He sounded sincere in his request and his presence calmed her , especially his mentioning her brother .
tr	11	Once in Italy get yourself a scooter as you are old enough to legally drive it .
tr	6	In effect , he became two people in one body .
tr	10	On stage Calvin meant every word until he had no more to sing .
tr	5	" Fucking hell , Mouse , " he hissed , low and lethal .
tr	8	She will fear me more than death .
tr	10	He inclined his head toward the bunker entrance and his team took the cue to follow him .
tr	9	The force of his body cracked the wooden chair -- - must have been from Ikea .
tr	6	Sometimes that happens to me in this place .
tr	11	She looked at Katherine who of course couldn 't confirm either identity .
tr	10	No one outside would be able to see them .
tr	6	wait for my command . "
tr	5	Perhaps , in this way , he still loves me . "
tr	7	Like a pelican I jumped off the radar antenna down towards my prey .
tr	8	" Yes they do , just not in the physical sense anymore , now they do it economically . "
tr	10	" You can ask that , when you irritate me thus ? "
tr	11	She calls as the dark warrior springs from the ground behind Rift with a blinding attack .
tr	9	It was a cozy cottage , not brightly lit but glowing brightly from a small fire in the hearth .
tr	9	" Maybe they aren 't with the others , " whispered Bethany , who moved up near them .
tr	7	And he 's always made it back all right - ' Her voice faded along with her enthusiasm .
tr	8	The cousins soon informed the others about their plan of action .
tr	10	He was like a magnet that attracted her .
tr	10	Astrid bridled at being called stupid .
tr	9	He must have been found by the bodyguard .
tr	9	He came to the house of Waving Willow to inquire about the new arrivals .
tr	7	Initially the mountains seemed a distant feature on the horizon but then they drew closer and closer to the bus .
tr	10	" You 're not going close to the river , I hope " Karen expressed concern .
tr	7	He 's enjoyed dogs , horses and sailed boats all over the world .
tr	8	As the pair 's hands made it over the rail , they were assisted onto the deck by several men .
tr	6	Rafe considered Adele silently from beneath lowered brows .
tr	10	I wanted to see her before I die .
tr	7	Anna stared at me fiercely , a flush darkening her cheeks .
tr	7	' They 're kinda like the local secret service . '
tr	6	About The Author I am a complete book addict , and really proud of it .
tr	11	The governors were determined to beat them if possible .
tr	5	It 's so pretty . "
tr	7	One of the others gave him a quick elbow in the ribs .
tr	11	I 'm going to ask you some questions and you 're going to give me the answers .
tr	9	He was ready to give up .
tr	10	" It was all good until I figured out the reason behind her obsessions . "
tr	6	' Good evening , Billy , ' said the aloof , considered and perfectly enunciated English voice .
tr	5	Up ahead , Anatole muttered a short prayer .
tr	9	That was the best they could do .
tr	10	I mean she took you to bed not me remember ? '
tr	10	There were several thin arms connected to the rim of the glasses .
tr	9	' Hey , where 're you going ? '
tr	10	It had to be one of the other Children .
tr	9	He is the first I have ever encountered .
tr	11	" Is that how old you think I am ?
tr	6	Instantly a string of bare bulbs illuminated a narrow , spiral staircase with a metal handrail leading downwards .
tr	9	She loves us as much as she does you !
tr	5	Above them the green roof spread its dusky canopy .
tr	6	Yet like black holes , dark matter , and string theory it likely exists .
tr	10	The crowd watched Lucas walk the length of the green , approach the stump , and simply shake his head .
tr	9	Lying in the tangle of sheets the sweat drying in the warm air , the bedside phone rang .
tr	10	" I do believe you would .
tr	6	" Oh it is just that ... " said Logan , with a disgusting voice .
tr	10	I 'm surprised you don 't know that .
tr	8	He handed him a card from his human resources department and strolled away .
tr	8	That 's as heroic as it gets , " he said passionately , " around here at least . "
tr	9	Glad to hear about that .
tr	7	" I 'd rather join the Veils than the military . "
tr	11	The council dispersed for now , and Byron agreed to take care of the bodies .
tr	8	With enough food and medication to assist the last survivors .
tr	8	Jacob was dividing scrambled eggs , bacon and toast among three plates .
tr	10	But you realize this is a completely unsanctioned activity , " said 007 .
tr	10	It 's me they enjoy tormenting . "
tr	9	She was , Rafe reflected , the tiniest woman he had ever beheld .
tr	5	' Well , ' she replied , ' I guess not . '
tr	9	They got out of the creek and went to get their weapons .
tr	8	They turned to him and bowed , and he returned a smile .
tr	11	Now he had to get away , to get them both away .
tr	6	He had a round , bald head , large protruding face and several scars all over his arms and head .
tr	9	They swirled about , and their raised voices cried for blood .
tr	7	Her pain brought her back to reality , she squeaked shortly , but so quietly , he could hardly hear it .
tr	10	As I rose , I caught another with an uppercut , sending him high in the air .
tr	6	" I 'm fine , " I say and then say it again , louder .
tr	11	" I have learned your tongue and have strived for years to speak it without an accent .
tr	11	Have you spoken to Elaine -- has she told you ? '
tr	8	" She 's older than she looks , " thought Jennie , " she seems nervous though for some reason . "
tr	8	We travelled for weeks by foot after we left yet another village .
tr	11	Kate and I were angry that you didn 't even come to dad 's funeral .
tr	9	" Jolie thought I knew about your family .
tr	7	" Dr. Ewing , we can finish up here , " one of the students offered .
tr	8	The branches that touch the crag down there are too light .
tr	10	This was as close as he had ever seen his old friend to genuine fear .
tr	7	Secrecy is the key at this juncture , eh ? "
tr	7	" Don 't sign any contracts yet , " I said .
tr	9	Settling into one of the recliners , she started reading the first few pages .
tr	10	I don 't think I 've seen a more terrifying sight .
tr	9	Look , we need to get to Paris .
tr	8	" And we 'll put two of our lads in the trees the night before . "
tr	7	Do we rush them ? "
tr	9	Do you have time ? "
tr	8	Despite the noise , Andy felt himself slipping into a deep sleep .
tr	10	She said stoutly , " I intend to take it all back .
tr	8	The blue and yellow scarf teased me , bobbing in and out of the crowds .
tr	6	Out of the horde , a tall huge broad armored man or beast stepped up to me .
tr	11	They all filled their aluminum canteens with nature 's gift and drank as much as they could right on the spot .
tr	8	" I know who this devil was , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	5	More than that , his heartbeat was weak and rapid .
tr	9	' Someone might want to sign us . '
tr	5	Taylor and Lilly Ann finally made an appearance .
tr	7	He could feel the Talisman 's weight on the cord around his neck .
tr	11	From time to time she thought perhaps she was using Wendy but she 'd get plenty out of it too .
tr	11	Did I ask you to speak ? "
tr	6	" Still milk and three sugars , " Julie said through a blush .
tr	6	If she talks we are all dead . "
tr	10	It might be our only chance to shock you . "
tr	7	No one minds them -- I 'll be invisible . "
tr	8	Mum says you 're never here .
tr	10	How could he , without lying ?
tr	7	She put her hands on her hips and awaited an answer .
tr	8	" You begin to understand , I think . "
tr	9	He knew the land where the others did not , the trails and pitfalls .
tr	7	We might need boots and warmer jackets . "
tr	7	~ Over time , Chris noticed the park ranger spending lots of time at the wreck .
tr	10	My boyfriend has said he loves me , many times .
tr	7	You know , he donated his boots for auction and given all the money to Palestinian children .
tr	10	First we determine the point of incision closest to the wound .
tr	9	' I have rarely known them kill a human in such an open fashion . '
tr	6	Along the far wall , a single ladder led upwards to a trapdoor .
tr	10	Without waiting for an answer Mrs. Stark looked at Kevin and asked when they could meet his mother .
tr	9	She was a fool for thinking otherwise .
tr	10	Realizing what she 's getting at , Rift gains his footing and leaps forward .
tr	8	Simon , startled by the unexpected inquisition , felt his mouth instantly dry out .
tr	10	They spoke for several more minutes but the power of sleep was more than they could overcome .
tr	8	" There is still so much to do , and the funeral is the day after tomorrow . "
tr	7	' It kinda reminds me of that Jack Nicholson movie . '
tr	8	She ran back into the hut and threw herself at the man 's legs from behind .
tr	8	We 'll make you an aviator yet , " said Archie .
tr	11	" You are everything I want in a man , " she added .
tr	7	What was happening to him now ?
tr	9	I stood and watched from a vantage point beyond a mortal 's description of reality .
tr	8	Brand walked out , suppressing his guilt with a shrug .
tr	11	I had tried to stop loving Kiran .
tr	5	" Yeah , $ 10,000 richer , " cackled the other .
tr	5	Then , for some reason he took off his clothes .
tr	10	He seemed to be grasping at straws .
tr	6	Second , I am not a ' native ' ; I am an islander .
tr	5	' Okay , I guess , ' Calvin said .
tr	11	Our panels will be welded together in space by a range of these gases , but mostly helium .
tr	6	" Well you should , " she pulled out a pink covered magazine .
tr	11	His tone alerted Elly and she tried to read his eyes .
tr	7	Jacob bowed , his enormous smirk hiding his entire face .
tr	9	asked Deepa feeling pleased that more information was coming her way .
tr	11	Simon stood up slowly and offered a hand to help Steve get up .
tr	9	He decided to start at the beginning .
tr	6	" Now , lean your head back a little bit . "
tr	7	When she offered the chain he took it and smiled .
tr	11	It 's not like he would be using it in the near future .
tr	9	If you shoot at anything farther than that and hit it , put it down to luck .
tr	9	Woodpecker was permitted to stay there .
tr	6	Come on , I 'll show you . "
tr	9	After a moment , I realized it wasn 't a greenery , but it could easily be mistaken for such .
tr	9	She walked into the breakfast room while George was feeding the dogs .
tr	11	Her skin was sagging and her face where filled with creases .
tr	7	" I won 't tell anyone , " Noah promised her .
tr	6	Immediately a document popped out at me .
tr	11	On the verge stood another car , which was to take the security expert home .
tr	9	The next wave coming across the desolation of the wastelands would be to their rear .
tr	9	He had to keep moving .
tr	9	It will have to be amputated . "
tr	6	Twelve years ago , a cadre of mages broke the ground on the first metro station here , in Jersey Village .
tr	10	He needed to think up a name for his new station .
tr	9	Do you have any last words ? "
tr	9	" End of the line you old hags , " a mature female 's voice declares .
tr	7	Standing three stories tall , the old brick building stared back at him with empty eyes .
tr	10	The unspoken question hung in the air , surrounded by children 's shuddering sobs .
tr	7	He finally opened his eyes - strange , almost black , dark-green eyes .
tr	6	" We can wait a bit then . "
tr	11	" You know the fun doesn 't have to end .
tr	11	Now that I embarrassed enough , let 's do business , shall we ? "
tr	7	Except man can 't earn God 's favor .
tr	5	At this , Emmy and Eddie shot each other interested looks .
tr	8	I may not have recognised the word human , but the word war was universal .
tr	7	" She 's my best friend ; let 's leave it there , OK ? "
tr	7	Pete threw the hoe down on the ground and reached back into the barrel .
tr	10	She hadn 't thought he had it in him .
tr	11	She knew what she was talking about and he nodded his approval of what she had just said .
tr	7	Missy smiled to herself and then looked all around at the beautiful surroundings .
tr	11	He was sweating and frightened for a moment until he realized that it was all a dream .
tr	9	They had not seen a human being since Red Talon and Wolf Eyes left them the other day .
tr	8	They know what we 're driving .
tr	7	I got up slowly and passed near Laurence .
tr	11	Josh dabbed at the blood pouring from beneath Claire 's ripped trousers .
tr	6	Watch that cocky grin turn to horror and disbelief , and maybe just a little regret .
tr	5	Damn shame , though . "
tr	10	The dog creature looked like it was trying to smile .
tr	8	The skin was not like that of a normal human .
tr	11	Not being able to do anything ?
tr	8	The screaming had subsided , and Oskar 's movements had died away in the dark room .
tr	11	Having played the last song Calvin told anyone listening they could buy demos .
tr	10	Now to get to work .
tr	9	" Many have I seen on the roads and in the night sky , Clancy .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , will do , " Stone slowly mumbled into the dead line .
tr	11	If I didn 't know better , I 'd think you didn 't want to bond with me . "
tr	10	When she tried to move , she realized that her hands were bound behind her .
tr	8	Above the entrance , the few available guards fire arrows into the goblins handling the battering ram .
tr	6	" Oh my God , " she said in a small voice .
tr	10	" Get your ass to medical , that is not a suggestion . "
tr	8	It had four rounded extensions ; one on the top , one on the bottom , and one on each side .
tr	11	" I didn 't think it would be like this .
tr	11	Are you going to ask her ? "
tr	11	She stepped back and asked him what she could do for him .
tr	6	There were more than a few chuckles around the group .
tr	9	He lay on his bed grasping this little ray of hope , when , suddenly his father burst into the room .
tr	7	" In addition , all emergency mail will be scrutinized , in and out .
tr	6	Picking it up , I again glanced over my shoulder at the hallway above and then into the foyer .
tr	9	They hope for a chance to escape .
tr	9	I know why he wanted Salazar dead . "
tr	9	She felt a slow smile curve her lips in understanding .
tr	11	Rachel had to be referring to Prior .
tr	6	She put a cold , wet , pink , thick , and fluffy wash cloth on her eyes .
tr	8	Always arming both sides to maximize your profits . "
tr	10	She seemed to be waiting for me .
tr	5	" No , the fact Casper and Hattie were both your roommates .
tr	7	" Well yes , but do we leave Paris ?
tr	8	As we passed through the massive area , I saw Feral 's eyes gleaming through the darkness .
tr	6	" And if memory serves , " said Hugh , " she 's not even really good at that . "
tr	8	My father ... " Adele shook her head , and he clasped her hands tightly within his own .
tr	8	You need only dampen the blade with the cloth and dust the mixture on it . "
tr	7	You may be my only pupil , but I am indeed running a school . "
tr	6	" Yes , " Rausch nodded , the warmth fading , replaced by a deep sadness .
tr	8	Instantly shooting each other a knowing glance , both Link and Zelda break into a sprint toward the drawbridge .
tr	11	Strange timing in all of this , I don 't really know what to make of it . "
tr	8	Landon sat up , blinking in the light .
tr	10	Remind me of who they were and what they are doing now . '
tr	8	" ... we were finding the secret path hidden in the wall , " he completed .
tr	6	" Fine , " she said between gritted teeth .
tr	7	After a few steps , she ran up to Mark and jumped around behind him .
tr	10	It was something which helped define them .
tr	11	I believe you 've been brought here for a reason .
tr	6	Terry had healed and was his old self .
tr	9	" It is not our place any longer , since you spoiled with Laurence . "
tr	8	We cannot rest on our laurels ; past performance is not an indicator of the future .
tr	9	He insisted the information be held secret until the proper moment .
tr	5	Humans , tall and strong , wearing thick leather coats .
tr	7	After returning the nod , the captain began to speak .
tr	11	We have to plan with what we live .
tr	9	I wanted the letter to be a prank .
tr	6	" Well , now that you mention it - " " That was a joke , Winters . "
tr	11	Yes , I agree with you people who are overwhelmed by this .
tr	6	Perplexed , Jimmy extended the phone to Mark .
tr	11	I thought I 'd seen it before ... more than once so ... .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , no one is losing their job ! "
tr	6	" Tell me , will the Company succeed ? "
tr	8	Closing her eyes , Zelda sees the figure standing alone in the void once again .
tr	7	Ramdas , a man in his early fifties , was walking toward a little stationery and communication shop .
tr	8	It lies in the foothills of our mountains .
tr	11	Fletcher asked , amused , but obviously disbelieving they should take their marching orders from a mere boy .
tr	8	Hang that cowardly bastard right now ! "
tr	9	" Think I can 't do better ? "
tr	9	Elsewhere a startled cry was cut short , the scream ceasing instantly in the cold .
tr	9	In seconds , they 've ascended to the platform outside the throne room .
tr	7	' This the same " A " from the postcard ? '
tr	10	Nathan wasn 't sure what good things Anderson had told him , but he thanked him anyway .
tr	6	' Sure we have no Irish here , ' the smaller one with the greasy tweed cap grinned .
tr	6	" The palace is not always safe , and safe is a relative term . "
tr	11	He hugged her once more before he let her go .
tr	8	Atticus was a lot of things to me but never a chef .
tr	6	All the angels are back to normal .
tr	6	An admiral 's quarters on a nuclear aircraft carrier were quite luxurious by military standards .
tr	11	" Here 's what I wanted you to see , " she said .
tr	7	The towel was soaked in blood .
tr	9	Why is it my first stop is always the café ?
tr	11	" Sergeant Major , what is the status of Colonel Nero 's unit ? "
tr	7	In the distance huge burning pillars of fire are rising many kilometers into the sky .
tr	10	He said it more to convince himself .
tr	10	She was curious when it would all crash down .
tr	10	I swore to myself that I would keep her safe , protect her .
tr	7	The package began to move .
tr	9	she said smiling with warm , giving me snakes in my stomach .
tr	10	The fire was warm and welcomed as the airs were unusually cool even for this hour .
tr	6	Taylor looked at Hunt with a little chuckle .
tr	8	He continued , " Which I 'll forgive .
tr	10	I placed my hand on his arm to shut him up .
tr	9	" I have to call someone , " he said aloud .
tr	10	" And why do you look like she 's seen a ghost ? "
tr	10	Noel assumed they were full of ammunition .
tr	9	The disturbing sound intended to paralyze prey with fear .
tr	8	Can I speak to you in private for a minute ? "
tr	7	Farmer 's and Spade 's eyes were big as saucers .
tr	9	" Didn 't want anyone to see them .
tr	7	He stood , tossed his tea mug in the sink , and walked out onto the porch .
tr	10	The sky was a blanket of red , stretched across the horizon .
tr	8	The feeling of disquiet lingered like the bad smell still permeating the room .
tr	8	The voice is like song and there is the strong scent of sweet flowers .
tr	8	The sweet smell of perfume spread through the room with each pass of the paper .
tr	7	The thrill of the chase was absent , and I was utterly alone .
tr	8	" Excuse me but can I help you ? "
tr	8	Roberto sidestepped again , punching the man in the face .
tr	7	" Not yet , but God will show me , " Dane replied confidently .
tr	9	All who make passage through the void will fall by my hand .
tr	11	He reminded himself that his only reason for living was to lead the Dog People .
tr	7	The elevator started to ascend .
tr	9	" And would have succeeded , but for good luck . "
tr	9	He must have recognized my less than enthusiastic interactions with the wannabe spies , I mean clients .
tr	5	And , like an oncoming tide , the pressure only grew .
tr	7	In the car , on the way home from the airport , Bradley took the uncomfortable middle seat in the back .
tr	10	They would die before speaking a false word -- say it 's against the stars or some such .
tr	5	Will he be a good replacement ? "
tr	7	" Always the same : I 'm looking into the well .
tr	9	That old fellow passed through the car a few minutes back , and the train just started slowing . "
tr	10	If they didn 't leave soon , I 'd have to open the door and reveal myself .
tr	6	" Actually , I 'm not sure , " Neil said .
tr	5	During his internal struggle , he had almost forgotten ... " Oh , Abby ! "
tr	10	It was beginning to choke her ; the vile forces were sickening to her .
tr	9	The smile on his face radiated and was like salve on my heart .
tr	5	the missing piece my breath my heart my memory me the other half the missing half Stop .
tr	5	" And then a civil war that tore the island apart . "
tr	6	" The Queen , in her sorrow , threw herself from the castle battlements into the sea the next morning .
tr	9	" Someone activated the automatics that thawed us .
tr	7	Cletus said appreciatively , elbowing Pete .
tr	8	He backs away , and Gabe lets out a heavy huff of breath .
tr	7	Our feet had carried us along for some time .
tr	11	She 'd read every other book they owned a hundred times over .
tr	11	She was a lover of nature which was an obvious thing on her .
tr	6	Her long , dark , glossy hair is in complete contrast to my shaggy , shoulder-length blonde mop .
tr	9	' Katherine 's right you look wonderful .
tr	10	She just knew she couldn 't do it herself .
tr	11	I 'd say it 's a lot more than that .
tr	8	He saw Fuchs ' increasing involvement in the Faith as a hobby for the disillusioned , disenfranchised politician .
tr	5	" A little -- a bite or two .
tr	7	" We 're way too interested in this right now .
tr	7	" I don 't know , it 's just ... it 's you . "
tr	6	" Our new favorite fraternity brothers are here at least once a week , usually on weekends .
tr	11	The early morning sun climbs higher into the sky and Rift realizes he has already wasted too much time searching .
tr	5	" Alright , Nora , " her father finally said .
tr	5	So its a straight line , " I told her .
tr	7	Lacking further information on the threat , we haven 't done anything more . "
tr	9	" I like you , che , and I really hope that 's enough .
tr	5	" Of course , " she murmured and rose off the bed .
tr	8	We 're ready to rock . "
tr	10	Liza froze , gripping the phone so hard her knuckles turned white .
tr	9	They 've never been so down in the mouth before playing . '
tr	11	What kinda guy you think I am ? "
tr	10	He kissed her fingers and then her palm , removing it and placing a kiss on her mouth .
tr	11	' I won 't be able to get back to you soon enough . '
tr	10	The front lawn is made up of patches of long crab grass with bright dandelion heads peeking out from their midst .
tr	10	" I wish I hadn 't done that , " he mumbled aloud .
tr	10	Plus , you might tip them off if they see you . "
tr	8	" Well , Victor , if you can afford her , we can do a deal .
tr	7	When each team was ready , they fired a pair of high explosive shells .
tr	11	Indeed she had believed that she had wisdom beyond her years in that respect .
tr	5	" A long , long time ago , a terrible mistake was made .
tr	10	There was a hint of accusation and bitterness toward Brand in Hilda 's voice , and it tore at his heart .
tr	5	" Strange old world isn 't it ? "
tr	6	He smiled , his thoughts far away .
tr	11	groaned Michel , pushing Paul who was sitting on his body .
tr	8	If you would just trust me , I could be even stronger . "
tr	8	He is protected better than some of the world leaders . "
tr	10	I know you 're in here , Matthew .
tr	6	The captives we will burn and flay and quarter . "
tr	5	" Project So Much Bleach Marilyn Monroe Would Balk was a failure .
tr	9	Well , he probably was a security guard , dressed in dark colors and wearing sunglasses .
tr	10	It was against policy to hook up in a war zone , but it was done often enough .
tr	10	All I ask is your oath before God that you 'll leave me in peace .
tr	11	I 'm sorry I said that about the coast here .
tr	7	You 're good with swords . '
tr	5	" It 's the rain .
tr	11	There are ways for humans to summon them .
tr	9	I heard growls around me .
tr	9	Okay , the ' Dearest ' thing was a little forward if you ask me .
tr	6	He touched her lightly on the shoulder .
tr	10	Tommy changed his tone and asked his question again as Noelle came down from the porch .
tr	7	A drop of blood had oozed out of his left nostril .
tr	11	Do you want to die ? "
tr	10	It was as if someone had left the room and flicked a switch .
tr	7	He throws his bloody tools in his bag , zips it up , and yells , " Let 's go ! "
tr	6	For a short moment , anguish and exhaustion showed clearly on his face .
tr	10	The crowd grew collectively stupider as the racks of wine slowly emptied .
tr	11	It was made by our fathers who built the city long ago .
tr	7	Running into wire at neck level while skiing ? "
tr	9	" You sure you feel up to driving ? "
tr	5	" Too many pretty things , joy , and white ? "
tr	7	We 'll advertise for a governess .
tr	7	But he really didn 't feel at peace .
tr	11	He began to tempt man to try to know the unknown .
tr	10	He tried to read the store name on the receipt but it was too faded .
tr	5	" It 's a girl , dumb butt . "
tr	9	Maybe it was because he didn 't have a plan yet .
tr	9	He squinted in frustration at the family and then sat down to continue his conversation .
tr	11	Are you trying to kill her ? "
tr	9	They could liberate us without destroying us .
tr	9	She tried to ignore his gestures , but his demeanour dragged her attention .
tr	10	They weren 't going to get it from me .
tr	8	The spring blossoms reached to the tops of his mid-calf boots .
tr	8	No one said anything , but he could sense Bethany 's distress .
tr	8	She said , " Time of year ?
tr	6	" Next one is shortly , Richmond Club , they 're coming here .
tr	9	I didn 't think anything was free any more .
tr	9	I hated being lied to .
tr	7	I shouldn 't have kissed her .
tr	11	Lilly Ann 's voice came from the door that had opened silently .
tr	11	She could see a shape - a guy in the center of the campsite .
tr	10	Shoot to kill if necessary .
tr	11	The policemen milled about the bulldozer waiting for orders from Billy .
tr	11	Let them think she was guilty .
tr	9	Calvin knew diving in now would be pointless .
tr	11	It was like trying to push off air .
tr	7	The Doctor , a dozen yards ahead , turned and hollered at him to hurry .
tr	9	" Hey , you are the opening act for the biggest event of the decade .
tr	8	I turned her over and cradled her head in my lap her blouse was already soaked with blood .
tr	9	" Can we go get something to eat now ? "
tr	11	Scarlett realised she had forgotten to breathe .
tr	11	It didn 't occur to me until later that anyone is only ever an Exile by their own choice .
tr	7	Anderson stated this while staring at the grave digging parties .
tr	5	" Oh , you can 't , can you ?
tr	8	" Well , you could have given them to me earlier ! "
tr	11	" Ignite , " he ordered VIN and the craft continued heading farther into the upper atmosphere .
tr	11	Now she could also see part of the man 's head was missing .
tr	7	" I saw it on YouTube , " he said , shrugging .
tr	5	He gave her a sloppy smile .
tr	8	While walking , Chris glanced again at Cobb and saw him staring back .
tr	11	We can take the tunnels under the lake and come up through the trapdoor in the lodge 's playroom . "
tr	6	" He 's always angry , " Gabe sighs .
tr	10	Hung and Reaper laughed as they stood next to an Ogre APC , replenishing their ammunition .
tr	8	I tell you lads , I was stunned . "
tr	8	The lab was a mishmash of items both old and new .
tr	5	Then a second , more powerful bomb kills them as well .
tr	11	Lilly Ann asked lazily having made herself comfortable in her chair .
tr	8	But unbelievably the next shark swam in and tried exactly the same thing the first had . '
tr	11	It may be because my hand was covered with the fabric .
tr	9	" Oh well , I 'll have to get another .
tr	9	They made her think of Liam .
tr	7	" Come , you should be nearer the warmth . "
tr	11	The energy no longer needed to build like it used to .
tr	9	" You are not going no where Abigail Woods ! "
tr	5	With a proper bow , the sergeant turned and left .
tr	6	" Here , here , " David said , drinking .
tr	7	The moment Cobb raised it to his mouth , Chris recognized it as the stem from a pipe .
tr	5	" Tonight , " he replied , " and all day tomorrow .
tr	9	" I seriously doubt that you 're right Cobb , " Thatch told him .
tr	10	I had never been so happy to see her .
tr	10	well aware that any movement made him visible ... ... .
tr	6	" Wouldn 't they have called off his visit ? "
tr	6	Not even her own fragrance could extinguish his smell .
tr	10	I think continuing them is futile .
tr	10	An executive has to keep his mind sharp at all times .
tr	9	There is some potent spirit within the realm of nature .
tr	8	" No , my lord , only that it was a personal matter . "
tr	7	They yelled and hugged and rolled all over the ground .
tr	8	" Doesn 't give us a lot of time . "
tr	7	As the elevator descended , Josie finally couldn 't keep her curiosity in check anymore .
tr	9	Imagine being naked with her .
tr	6	Their eyes were nearly level with one another .
tr	6	For that , my brother , you must pay .
tr	7	" As you see fit , my friend . "
tr	11	He told the manager we 're local and better than Taboo Tortured . '
tr	11	The teachers all said how nice it was to have me there .
tr	9	But I could barely see who he was following .
tr	10	Their surveys of the region couldn 't proceed with hostile patrols searching for them .
tr	10	Her hair was hanging loose , tumbling over her shoulders in thick and gleaming waves .
tr	5	He chuckled , " Just kidding .
tr	7	Layla knew it , but she did not feel it .
tr	9	A veil covered her face and her skin covered was in thick dark scales .
tr	5	' Terrible stuff , sir , washes away the beneficent humours .
tr	9	Other passengers around me seemed to be debating the same issue .
tr	8	' The cops won 't be far behind , ' Reid warned as we drove off .
tr	9	" And if some of our brightest and best don 't want to come ? "
tr	6	* * * * * Callum 's fingers brushed Sonia 's hair away from her neck .
tr	6	Then my face , then my feet , then back at my chest .
tr	6	With barely a breath , her angel added , " The bullets went all the way through . "
tr	10	Something to look forward to in another plane of existence . "
tr	7	Other than the storms themselves , nothing was odd , except for the first one .
tr	6	5.0 , 0.4 , 0.3 , 0.4 , and 0.2 were the scores .
tr	8	Perhaps it would behoove us to leave ? "
tr	6	" Sí , mi Señora , " the girl bowed her head in deference to the queen .
tr	6	The following morning , just after sunrise , Steve and Scott Lyndon went out to the garbage drums .
tr	9	Sitting under the glow of a spotlight , it dominated the room .
tr	5	" Like ' Low Down Cheating Worm Bryony ' .
tr	7	When she opened her eyes , she smiled and looked around the room and the stage .
tr	9	He was all man , in spite of his bearing and his garments .
tr	9	The device had four wheels , each one smaller than the next , one placed inside the other .
tr	10	He walked with a limp and had what looked like a perpetual scowl on his face .
tr	11	I think they tried to eat me .
tr	5	It tears me up inside .
tr	7	" We didn 't speak , just sat , for an hour maybe .
tr	9	Another three ruffians were wandering the station looking for something .
tr	8	Another dance is about to begin .
tr	7	When I left he wasn 't despondent , but it 's all so sudden .
tr	7	He pulled the door open and blinked against the light , reached over for the advert and carried it inside .
tr	9	" No , they won 't have burned him in there , " Gavin said .
tr	10	This is what you signed up for and what each of you accepted .
tr	8	" Gentlemen , I really do think the driver 's mad .
tr	8	Don 't let yourself be seen .
tr	10	Tony took a head butt , aimed at the bridge of his nose .
tr	11	" He knew you planned to kill me .
tr	10	I know why you did what you did .
tr	8	All too soon the path left the shelter of the woods and came out in a residential road .
tr	10	Certain rock formations are believed to be metamorphosed ancestors .
tr	10	" Spells to block us getting in ?
tr	7	" You mean setting up camp ? "
tr	11	" I 'm looking to cross the bridge ; I 'll pay whatever toll you 're asking for . "
tr	10	Louis was a lab tech who specialized in viral infections and antibiotics .
tr	6	Hunter led her through the doorway on her left , into a massively large living room .
tr	10	These periods of dormancy seem to be an evolutionary mechanism for conserving energy .
tr	11	Victor tells me they 've had this place for over sixty years . '
tr	10	I suppose it 's better than one of those body bags .
tr	10	as have those running for office .
tr	10	" Did you try to scream ?
tr	6	I 'll be right outside . "
tr	11	Do you think this has been a lot of fun for me ?
tr	11	" Just trying to be a. . .
tr	8	It looked like a piece of nylon .
tr	9	His eyes flicked along the ruined front of her camisole before he jerked them away .
tr	7	My body sagged , and the last bit of anger trickled out .
tr	10	When they touched the ground they promptly opened fire on Nuru , who raised a shield .
tr	8	I was wounded defending the castle gates .
tr	10	Still smiling , he put the item back on the card while Chris began piecing it together .
tr	5	" Man food , " he says .
tr	6	The houses , the buildings , and the streets were microscopic , like a toy village .
tr	5	" Sorry , sorry , really , lady , let 's take it down a notch .
tr	9	The interview room on the first floor offered a rare glimpse of the harbor and Boston 's downtown skyline .
tr	7	I replied and he paused uncertain for a moment .
tr	10	Maybe the Commander should be talking to the police over there .
tr	10	You find yourself in trouble and expect me to help you out of it .
tr	7	Continuing through the turn , the original view retuned .
tr	8	" No , you 've given these a bit of a rest , anyway .
tr	7	She folded her hands in her lap and Rafe took a deep breath .
tr	11	No one was allowed to touch her mail or go through her things .
tr	9	she demanded with mock indignation , looking at their nearly empty coffee cups .
tr	7	The nodes from all those different ships won 't talk to each other very well .
tr	8	" We ah , kind of , dug it up , " volunteered Tommy .
tr	9	It felt good to see it .
tr	7	The grease from the goat butter coated his fingers and he licked them clean .
tr	7	There was scratching on the door .
tr	7	He took something from his raincoat and tossed it across to me .
tr	6	" Alas , my sister and I are alone in the world . "
tr	11	We promise to have him back to you soon . "
tr	7	Life had fallen into a steady routine .
tr	8	" I would simply have you know , " he grins , moving in close .
tr	8	Your goal is a simple one -- don 't get hit . "
tr	7	Leif was right , the presence of the berserker sent a shiver up Sarah 's spine .
tr	9	Don 't talk about things out here -- look where you are ! "
tr	7	She 'd left her own hardhat in the barn .
tr	8	" Do what you can , minister .
tr	11	Do I have to reprogram you , AGAIN ? "
tr	5	" But I am , " Adam told him , firmly .
tr	10	Penny Sullivan was selected to be the third shuttle pilot , but needed more hours in the simulator .
tr	6	" What a devastatingly beautiful woman , " a relaxed male voice suddenly said from beside me .
tr	6	Time to change the subject .
tr	11	Much of what they needed would have to be found on the way .
tr	6	" The instant you see trouble , you get back up here . "
tr	9	Thinking about it now that really wasn 't the best action .
tr	11	She was looking forward to putting this all behind her , and getting back to the real mission .
tr	9	" I hate to sound smug , but I told you this was a bad idea ! "
tr	9	He might be a prince but there was something to consider .
tr	6	The one beside him , may or may not make it . "
tr	9	We 'll rally at the last road intersection if things go badly . "
tr	5	" But the bus - " " It 's the free shuttle .
tr	6	" The laws of nature are in play here , for the most part .
tr	9	The men was sitting opposite them , talking about something only they could understand .
tr	9	Ensign Jeffery Jackson USN at your service , permission to come aboard , sir . "
tr	9	Unfortunately , I feared they would be too late .
tr	11	The king was furious at having his affairs changed discreetly by Fuchs and others .
tr	10	" I could do with a bite to eat . "
tr	5	The Commander of the CSA in love with an agent .
tr	10	I had been receiving guarded looks for most of the morning .
tr	10	They 'd like a better understanding of the process than I can give them . "
tr	8	He screwed the cap back on and stuffed the bottle between his thighs .
tr	8	They can be really pretty this time of year .
tr	9	What he ached to find .
tr	7	Against the wall was a desk , and behind it sat a man , obviously an augur .
tr	9	' You 're still good to go , ' said the voice in my ear .
tr	10	In Peyton 's apartment , it was Malcolm who brought me the rope .
tr	7	The collar can be removed , but you 'll need help . "
tr	6	In the night , the wind came up , and it blew cold .
tr	9	" Hey what 's with the whole locker decoration ? "
tr	10	Sometimes you could hear the screams of these people as wild animals attacked and killed them .
tr	9	The blocks of flats here were very uniform , mainly nine storeys and looked like rows of dull boxes .
tr	7	The way he says it , I almost laugh but don 't .
tr	8	Just listen and don 't interrupt for five seconds .
tr	9	He told Suzi that they tasted like salt .
tr	11	She imagined they may have carved it themselves .
tr	7	Before we could answer , a dozen monks bustled up bearing cloths , boiled water and medical tools .
tr	6	Destruction concealed beneath the beauty .
tr	7	He was the proverbial kid before a road trip .
tr	7	I should probably get rid of it ... .
tr	10	I asked Carlos to come with me , but he refused .
tr	8	The continents of South America and Africa are chaos , and Australia is essentially devoid of human life .
tr	11	She remembered noticing he had been upset .
tr	10	And I was the best , God forgive me my boasts ! "
tr	9	Though it is a mystery to some , Captain Avery could read .
tr	10	Carlos and Kendall stepped around Mark , watching Josie pouring water on the cut .
tr	8	The hatch into the spacecraft opened to allow him in .
tr	7	He turned his face towards him through the open front passenger door window and smiled nervously .
tr	5	my mom says , her clothes torn and filthy and her face bruised and bloody .
tr	5	" And what was the right answer ? "
tr	8	Homeland Security and the CDC had been placed on high alert and standby .
tr	6	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	8	And I 've noticed the source of the breeze .
tr	6	His small , blue , two door sports car was chilly , but much more tolerable than the outside air .
tr	11	Strikes were a fact of life in the city of lights .
tr	5	" Here we are , " Dr. Alpert said a few minutes later .
tr	8	Are they just stupid or what ? "
tr	9	The undergrowth became a solid entity , snagging at our clothes and limbs , and hampering our progress .
tr	7	No wonder you all keep busy . "
tr	7	The not knowing , not being out there created more nerves .
tr	5	Thanks to artist Isis Sousa , for her incredible cover illustration .
tr	9	Gerry contemplated aloud whilst firing a few more rounds at the attackers now located only 20 metres ahead .
tr	10	" Forgive me ; to which of your problems do you refer ? "
tr	8	Ethan walked out of Sampson 's office , closing the door softly behind him .
tr	5	My dear , " he paused and swallowed .
tr	7	" Thanks , but I already figured that out , " I replied , then slammed the door in his face .
tr	6	Then about midnight all of the men went back and got their trucks .
tr	6	" Where are we going now ? "
tr	9	A few seconds passed that felt like minutes .
tr	8	Intense pain shooting through his bruised arm and shoulder quickly ended this short-lived attempt at regaining some control .
tr	8	If we do not kill Gunnar , he will kill us .
tr	7	Mrs. Mill smiled to us and opened Laurence 's door .
tr	10	" What are we going to do about the bodies ? "
tr	8	I tuck them under my legs and don 't think about the rabbits .
tr	10	" Is this the wench that bested you ? "
tr	8	' Depends on the time of day , but yeah , mostly we do . '
tr	7	He placed an entire boiled egg in his mouth and chewed it , then washed it down with the mead stein .
tr	10	The Piazza was already quite busy with people setting up stalls selling fresh fish .
tr	7	" Excellent , " he breathed , " Welcome , Elaina . "
tr	6	The doctor and her assistant helped him to his feet .
tr	11	He stumbled ; trying to keep his footing but could not .
tr	6	" Are you two done ? "
tr	7	He spread his arms about , indicating the empty car .
tr	11	When you kill someone , they become a part of you , yes ?
tr	5	Missy went down the attic ladder first .
tr	11	A Christian fish , like Josie had seen countless times on the trunk lids and bumpers of cars around town .
tr	6	And Beth - " " Just stop , " I snarled , and my own voice surprised me .
tr	7	" That 's definitely a structure of some type .
tr	11	The Seeker motioned to a guard - of which , the Prince realized suddenly , there was now only one .
tr	10	" You will stay to fight alongside us ?
tr	6	" Shiny , in the box , shiny , " one of the younger sisters whimpered .
tr	7	It surged out from the center and cut a wide arc across their path .
tr	10	You try to get some rest for now .
tr	10	Chris 's eyes went wide at how much they were worth .
tr	7	After lunch , Lizzie and her dad climbed into his old pickup and headed off on their trip .
tr	7	" Ghost , have Humpty get his mortars firing ! "
tr	7	No sooner had his head hit the pillow than he was asleep .
tr	5	After a few seconds , the elevator bell chimes and the doors open .
tr	8	Loot and Fire Cub went to hunt the carrier pigeons .
tr	10	" I do have an affinity for the common and the whores among us , " Harald said .
tr	10	She left the books there and started looking at the shelves and the books on them .
tr	9	Time I was getting a wriggle on to Woody 's Top .
tr	6	But all of that was at least a month away .
tr	7	The shapeshifter suddenly transformed into Echo , the telepath .
tr	10	" Fleet is coming into range of the enemy , " announced the sensor officer .
tr	5	" Well , well , well , so you 're Fallon Jones . "
tr	9	" Kurt just said to drop 'em in the dungeons .
tr	7	Following a deep breath , the cowboy sprinted to the edge and leaped into the gulf .
tr	6	" You 're thirty now , Scarlett , " she said to herself .
tr	8	He winked before looking away .
tr	8	By the time Beppe reached 23 , he had over 45 agents working exclusively for his company .
tr	10	I 'm blocking the security system from tracing our exit from the building .
tr	7	When she nodded and smiled , he went on .
tr	11	Alonso started to notice what Valeria was doing .
tr	11	' That 's the first I 've heard of it . '
tr	11	" All they 're trying to do is survive .
tr	9	Sarah saw that John looked a little nervous too .
tr	5	" You wait , " one guy nicknamed Bedlam said .
tr	9	" The least you can do is help me up , you bastard . "
tr	6	A soft , feminine voice on the other end asked , " Is this Chuck Veal ? "
tr	9	" Time to get off . "
tr	8	" What do you want me to do ? "
tr	7	On the next beach , a group from her bus were paddling in the sea .
tr	5	What have you done ? "
tr	8	" I 'll trade my services for another dozen eggs . "
tr	10	The angle of the slope decreased slowly as they neared the summit of the hill .
tr	9	He relaxed a little , the half anxious frown disappearing from his chubby face .
tr	6	But her studying had not stopped there .
tr	10	He turned around and waited to see Atticus wave but no one was there .
tr	9	It was good to be home .
tr	9	Scott thought the animal looked a lot like a point man .
tr	10	Mark stepped down off the truck - even over their stench , he could smell these two were trouble .
tr	9	Do you suspect me ? "
tr	7	It came to the gates and stopped .
tr	8	Then he 'd have me do the strangest things .
tr	10	' It 's a lot he 's asking , ' Calvin warned .
tr	7	The golden retriever puppy panting at his side stopped in its tracks and turned towards the approaching boat .
tr	6	" I 'm still your father , " Mr. St. James continued in a stony voice .
tr	10	Either state was preferable to what was coming .
tr	10	Her limbs began to shake , and she wondered if she might be sick .
tr	7	To accompany their liqueurs , they were also served a mouth-watering cheese platter .
tr	8	He ... he -- " All of a sudden , Sarah got an image of the chicken in the burlap bag .
tr	7	If we 're wrong , we can always come back . "
tr	10	No harm will come to those puppies , not while Agent Adama is on the job .
tr	7	" Can I help you with something ? "
tr	6	But , bit by bit , everything changed .
tr	5	Chase ... he 's a very mysterious man . "
tr	8	And I 'll take care of the girl too . "
tr	6	The cat meows from his light touch then he leans into her face .
tr	5	" A fine man our Deacon Jenkins , isn 't he ? "
tr	9	" Who cares about Rome anyway , that 's like two centuries ago , " joked Christy .
tr	6	Out of the caves , into the jungle , out of the jungle , into the tunnels .
tr	6	" It 's all right , " Mana said .
tr	5	" Are ya havin ' some trouble , sir ? "
tr	11	I want to be there when he is ready . "
tr	5	" In my vision , you placed your hand here . "
tr	11	She shifted her gaze to Sweet Dove .
tr	5	Nevertheless , some things you simply had no control over .
tr	6	I said , " Sorry for the interruption . "
tr	8	If Leah had expected praise , she was sorely mistaken .
tr	8	" If only he is half as strong as you ... and as beautiful .
tr	11	Maybe Mac would have better luck when he was summoned to the office .
tr	8	" Get in , " said Roberto and started to push .
tr	10	Meagan cries out as her body is engulfed with horrible pain .
tr	11	I heard him again , that 's when I came back . "
tr	5	" Yeah , you prick , I hate your guts . "
tr	8	If this was an alien ship , and the war was real , he would be under attack by now .
tr	6	Sye winced , " Not you too , the bug has a name . "
tr	9	What a pleasant surprise that a rough tongue licking his toes was the first sensation of the new day .
tr	10	Wasting no time , he pushes the lid upward , letting it fall back upon its hinges .
tr	11	His cheeks are flushed deep red , and his hair goes black when it 's soaked like this .
tr	8	Don 't think of anything , don 't try anything .
tr	9	On the opposite end of the field from the young braves were the elders .
tr	6	Her hand touched the package in her lap .
tr	8	" I don 't have a problem with that .
tr	10	Was it really that easy to block out ?
tr	7	Now unsupported by earth , long stretches of asphalt dangled above the sea .
tr	7	she hissed as her temper , always short , flared up .
tr	10	It was a beautiful locket ; simple yet elegant with tiny scrolls on the front of the heart-shaped piece .
tr	5	Fun for one night , you know .
tr	10	Who knew silence could be so loud ?
tr	6	" Barton , that old trapper , is an undercover agent , a fed . "
tr	8	Captain Pitt returned to the aircraft , the aircraft 's outside security guard bringing him back .
tr	9	Danny and Raphael circulated the venue sparking conversations with anyone they could .
tr	9	He stormed forward to a figure moving slowly toward him .
tr	7	" Actually , " Zook said quietly , " It 's nearly five a ' clock in the afternoon .
tr	6	" I hate my job , " she said after a moment .
tr	11	Chapter Eight Rafe watched as Adele pushed a wisp of hair back from her cheek and tucked it behind her ear .
tr	9	" OK coach , " she obediently went back to sit beside Jessica .
tr	7	As he thought this , he realized the irony and laughed to himself .
tr	10	On the second day , he cried still more , but from time to time was silent .
tr	8	At the last moment , the dragon spread its wings , grabbing the air and pulling up .
tr	7	Reid 's silent shot whizzed past me and caught the man on the leg .
tr	10	My jaw was set , making me look determined .
tr	6	Thursday 28th July 1983 Raphael drove the demo tapes to Chingford after work Thursday .
tr	11	I think we should set up the dig on that orientation . "
tr	9	" Well go and jokes like that with someone else . "
tr	11	" This is all I can say for now .
tr	8	It 's just hard to talk .
tr	7	I stood up , took both plates off the table and dumped them in the garbage .
tr	9	And also a woman the Colonel imprisoned nearly forty years ago .
tr	11	A diverse ecosystem , filled with species that ranged from the giant condor to the spider monkey .
tr	8	The chief sat directly in front of the wall , facing the main entrance .
tr	9	It was pulling away when I reached it .
tr	10	he commanded quietly as he slid off his horse and darted across the road .
tr	9	It was trying to torment me .
tr	9	When that happens , I go into a kind of panic , you know ?
tr	6	The first entry in the journal was dated two years previously .
tr	5	Two minutes thirty-one seconds , thirty-two , thirty-three , thirty-four , thirty-five , missed it .
tr	6	" Where have you two been ? "
tr	9	Taylor stepped on the gas pedal to increase engine power and without hesitation he raised the lever to its full extent .
tr	6	The unharmed man slowly raised his hands in surrender .
tr	8	" How much less than an hour ? "
tr	7	The hardened pirate was all soft and mellow in her presence and she learned more about him during this time .
tr	8	" There 's more to the story , " he murmured , his gaze lingering on my lips .
tr	9	" A hotel room is no place to raise a child .
tr	8	Luminous eyes blink , curious at my plight .
tr	7	She could do nothing for him .
tr	9	Now that they were actually on the way , their goal seemed little closer than when they started .
tr	9	His hand clenched on his sword and he jerked it roughly from its sheath , flinging it to the ground .
tr	7	I retrieved the catnip from my pocket and waved it again .
tr	6	We all stopped at the same instant .
tr	7	" What if they 've all been killed ? "
tr	8	Would you like to see it ? "
tr	6	" And after a certain time , " Leah said gently , " the memories fade ? "
tr	6	One road went straight , the other took a winding route off to their left .
tr	10	We 'll be going under cover of darkness . "
tr	8	We killed many of them and fed the whole village . "
tr	9	The best I can come up with is our picking up of Flaherty and Vivien scared him off . "
tr	5	" Very exciting possibility , " said Tim .
tr	10	She would have to live with that .
tr	8	" The wind 's coming back ; I can see it from here . "
tr	6	" I won 't tell Gabe . "
tr	7	This is pain burning toward implosion .
tr	9	To not get in the same situation like poor Laurence here .
tr	11	The worried looks quickly exchanged meant he was serious .
tr	7	The metal rod glowed and crackled , and the gargoyle took to the air with a panicked screech .
tr	10	She was beautiful to look upon ; was she our goddess of war , I wondered .
tr	7	Malcolm guzzled his water , then looked at me with honest eyes .
tr	8	Upstairs , I closed the door with muttered thanks , and breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	6	It will be more comfortable . "
tr	7	Looking at the menu boards Raphael predicted an inferior supper to his mum 's French cuisine .
tr	5	His grin faded , his eyes became distant and hard once more .
tr	7	She couldn 't hold back either , and both of them broke into uncontrollable laughter .
tr	6	Then she smiled at Chloe , " Thanks for that , by the way . "
tr	5	" Okay , maybe staying the whole night isn 't the best idea .
tr	8	You should have told me of this . "
tr	9	Your precious honor demands that you face me as a man . "
tr	5	The casual , slightly cocky saunter , the smoldering smile , the deep , dark , liquid stare .
tr	8	You are more than welcome to it , if you want it . "
tr	8	" I think this coyote 's another protector . "
tr	11	He pondered the consequences for a long time and decided he had no choice in the matter .
tr	11	The vodka must have worn off because the pain in my leg returned full force .
tr	11	" Get some help to go with you , " she begged .
tr	10	† † † September 17 , 1621 What is that woman up to ?
tr	5	The American 's face was gaunt and humorless .
tr	7	One fork in the road led to the Medici estate , the other trailed off into the sunny Italian countryside .
tr	7	The buffoon searched for me , just like I anticipated .
tr	6	You might be right . "
tr	7	To complicate matters further , several sections of the journal had been heavily encrypted .
tr	10	" The fuel company wants cash up front and they want you to settle your brother 's account .
tr	10	Haskins froze , finally understanding where this was all going .
tr	10	" Are you studying to be a nurse ? "
tr	10	" The money they had invested in slavery ? "
tr	7	Instead the girl giggled with glee , seized the tiny horns and pushed the heads away .
tr	9	Zeal ran across the field , a smile beaming on her face .
tr	8	The others didn 't seem to notice .
tr	6	Several hours later the three aircraft began their descents into Ramstein .
tr	6	Her power is much weaker , and it is just a tool , no more .
tr	9	When he does , I notice the slightest dip in the vehicle as he lays her body down in the trunk .
tr	10	" Thank you , Captain , for everything you did for them . "
tr	7	He 's the Head of their Research & Development Section . '
tr	9	Was she on speaking terms with every girl at Sydenham ?
tr	11	It 's me Abby we 're here .
tr	9	Distracted momentarily , Claire watched her performance while Sky used her hand as a bar .
tr	11	He knew he 'd be hounded until the confrontation occurred .
tr	10	The caves were packed full with people , men in the main .
tr	11	" So , George , who 's coming over for Xmas ? "
tr	7	" We 'll kill or cure all the angels , and our life 's mission will be complete .
tr	6	" You called me Sam last night , Sunshine , " he told her in a low , sultry voice .
tr	9	Did I really think this day would never come ?
tr	11	" I 'm going to be with you , " she said .
tr	7	, but Neil forestalled her .
tr	9	His eyes were far away while he scanned the horizon .
tr	11	Sam felt it in his stomach that this issue would find its way onto his desk rather sooner than later .
tr	9	Up to now things seemed roll off Ricky like water off of a duck 's back .
tr	11	Nathan demanded that the new troops be pushed hard , but taken care of .
tr	5	Alejo 's answer was clipped but not impatient .
tr	10	He was so tired of hiding his presence from that brainless Skull .
tr	7	With only the Contra O Vento coming in she was worried .
tr	10	I noticed sunlight streaming down into the massive room from dozens of skylights .
tr	10	I instinctively press my palms into the ground , groaning as mud seeps between my fingers .
tr	8	His eyes were dark with worry and something else .
tr	8	Suddenly , he pulled out the pistol from the waistband at the small of his back .
tr	10	I wanted to keep watching him .
tr	5	" Your turn , Nicko , " said Jenna 's voice .
tr	8	Rick and Anna 's rooms were identical to Alex and Jessie 's , and directly below them .
tr	6	The occasional farmer or small clump of animals was trekking up the mountain pass .
tr	9	Without warning , a loud noise echoes throughout the cave , the sound of metal striking metal .
tr	6	" I 'm not surprised , " she responded casually .
tr	7	It may not happen immediately , but it would happen .
tr	6	" Oh , nothing , nothing , " I said smiling .
tr	11	I don 't want any misunderstanding who 's in charge here .
tr	5	' We all do , Carey , we all do . '
tr	7	" Make love to me , " she whispered .
tr	11	" It 's alright , " Zelda comforts , sitting next to him and attempting to calm him down .
tr	7	" You came through for me yesterday , big guy , " she said quietly .
tr	6	Chanting out loud , I said a few incantations and touched the ground .
tr	7	He sat down against the wall and let out his emotions into his huddled arms .
tr	10	He said it was Mrs. Cabot from next door .
tr	11	" I wouldn 't believe anything Jake tells you , " said Soldado .
tr	7	" Of course , but honestly , we all settled on our appearances eons ago .
tr	11	he said at last , as if it had been forced from him .
tr	7	" Because I distracted him and the plane went into a dive and he crashed .
tr	6	" Give me answers , " Robin said , " or I end this right now . "
tr	7	What had occurred was already in the past , a past so quickly gone .
tr	7	Twenty years ago , I was a member of the Guardians .
tr	8	The man made a face as he tasted the liquid .
tr	7	After a pot of tea they cleared off the large , pine kitchen table .
tr	8	" Looks to me like it 's a wash . "
tr	9	Their group decisions would be hard to resist .
tr	10	I beg you all to come together and rebuild the ties within the community .
tr	10	It is all we may hope for .
tr	6	" Of course not , " Ray said , " That would be too implausible .
tr	8	Tried to control his thinking .
tr	5	Across his muscular chest is an enormous gash , bleeding profusely .
tr	5	" So , this is just one more mission , then , eh ? "
tr	10	She never dare to glance at the ground where Sofia fell .
tr	7	" For these tickets to the match tomorrow afternoon , " he pushed a pair of tickets across the grimy table .
tr	10	Cisco thought back to where their journey had begun .
tr	6	In her mind the memories were sometimes of a dark room , sometimes of a sunlit space .
tr	8	With a brief gasp , Zelda realizes she is right .
tr	6	She stayed calm outside , but inside she was more than twisted and nervous .
tr	6	Don 't look back . "
tr	9	He walked down the street - eerily deserted - looking everywhere .
tr	11	, wash your hands before grabbing someone 's tongue . "
tr	7	Each of the tiny assault rifles was loaded with 6 millimeter coal pellets .
tr	8	For a man is not merely who he is , but what he has .
tr	6	" But you only have that sword tonight , " the vampire said with a shrug .
tr	6	" I hate my mom , Victor , I shouldn 't but I do . "
tr	5	A narrow nose , sharp cheekbones , and a pointed chin gave her a thin , predatory look .
tr	6	Lisa grips the rail as the metal plates beneath her feet vibrate .
tr	7	Her thoughts had been calm and her mind open and hopeful .
tr	10	Raphael , ' Richard said looking at him , ' Trudie was having kittens .
tr	8	Joshua led everyone down to Kentucky Lake on the Tennessee side of the border .
tr	9	It was a middle-aged man who spoke next .
tr	9	Jade knew she was in trouble .
tr	6	" Unfortunately , in these Latter Days , we 've reached a theological malaise .
tr	7	" You 're probably right , " Scott said and followed his brother to the front door .
tr	8	She ran a cloth along the counters and the knotted table , the soapy water swirling .
tr	8	But now he realized how foolish that desire had been .
tr	11	He thought that he must have been from Italy .
tr	7	Gabe laughs and sits up on the ball .
tr	5	" No such thing as luck in that contest .
tr	9	He saw that she was dizzy and almost slipped her feet .
tr	10	The west gate was sealed shut -- no one but the two of them would have used it .
tr	9	After that , what happened was out of my hands .
tr	7	I felt the force flow into me , my feelings expanded beyond and within .
tr	9	Maria moved quickly to keep up with Connor .
tr	6	She trusted Mark , but this sounded crazy .
tr	11	A boy that needs to be taught some manners . "
tr	11	Perhaps it would be best if she did not meet Finan at all .
tr	11	Biscuit wasn 't quite fast enough and was hit four times as he tried to take cover .
tr	10	Gideon did do whatever he wanted .
tr	10	This book would not be possible without the generous contribution of many people .
tr	9	The only remaining haven of prosperity is the church on the east side of town .
tr	9	We need to get the regiment ready , not this . "
tr	9	Hitting the atmosphere they become streaks of light raining down onto the radioactive planet 's surface .
tr	6	" We brought Chutes and Ladders , " Gabe says to him cheerfully .
tr	7	Stone magic , favoured by gnomes and dwarves , could reshape the earth and harden flesh to rock .
tr	7	I could not answer ; silence fell like a curtain around my frame .
tr	9	" What about those fellows who were following us ?
tr	8	Lilly Ann looked at both of them for confirmation .
tr	9	After that , the closest thing to news that we had was gossip from the neighbors .
tr	9	" They killed all my warriors and I had to retreat , " Gwendolyn states .
tr	7	I 'd messed up big time with Dad .
tr	6	Tender moments , laughing , and flirting .
tr	5	Smoke , beer , and body odor , mostly Shifter body odor .
tr	6	" I don 't know , Michie , " she said with a sigh .
tr	7	" I can 't believe they didn 't leave us books , maps , tables of information , or something useful .
tr	10	You are most kind , and any assistance you offer , we won 't refuse . "
tr	9	Unsure exactly what it is she is offering , the boy simply stands and stares at his gorgeous Goddess .
tr	6	Along with their staff , the noisy plane held about thirty quiet individuals .
tr	10	His words formed slowly as if he were speaking through cotton .
tr	8	The man 's face went through a series of emotions .
tr	10	Rift shouts , searching the open air for any sign of his companion .
tr	7	" What are your plans a week from Saturday ? "
tr	7	" Everything happens for a reason -- God 's will .
tr	11	Do you feel rested ? "
tr	11	We need to know what to do .
tr	8	" You tried to knock us out .
tr	8	" Listen , Simon and Miriam were put on that train , I think .
tr	7	The Angel nodded to the cousins and motioned to the two seats behind him .
tr	8	Most of it was gone except for a necklace .
tr	6	At sixteen , I was small , compact and rounded with shortish pale brown hair and colourless skin .
tr	7	" Let me think . "
tr	8	" I have other plans for you , Mr. Noble .
tr	7	That done , all guards on leave were recalled and deployed throughout the grounds .
tr	6	" And they 're not alone , " admitted the Club Secretary , " but alas , you 're right Bill .
tr	8	Logan glanced behind him and redoubled his pace , outrunning me towards our escape .
tr	10	Leah clutched a hand to her chest , eyes wide as though she had seen a ghost .
tr	9	What 's to figure out ? "
tr	6	Pushing memories to bio organisms is the right direction .
tr	8	If I may be so bold , " he starts , bowing slightly .
tr	9	She couldn 't believe Jimmy was gone .
tr	9	He is accompanied by his entire Elite Guard , as well as Colonel Nero 's Annihilator team .
tr	9	He immediately repositioned himself to take them out at their next appearance .
tr	5	There was a weak " Yes , sir " response .
tr	9	Our life span is relatively short when we talk about geological time . "
tr	10	He managed to kick Simon a few more times both to the face and the ribs .
tr	11	The device stood at over three metres tall , dominating the ground that surrounded it .
tr	10	We were wrong about slavery and went about denying it for centuries .
tr	7	" I don 't trust him , " Jimmy pouted .
tr	8	In the complete darkness I slowed and pulled my horse up until I stopped .
tr	9	Lilly Ann teased him , " I could try it too if it does . "
tr	11	It was something they tried not to discuss , since all of the discussions were arguments .
tr	8	" Yeah , a runway that was probably crawling with zombies , " Ted replied .
tr	11	I want you to tell your mother about me and everything I tell you .
tr	9	Even a week earlier he might have , knowing that his safety depended on it .
tr	8	" No , no ; I 'm very interested in him , " the king 's man said .
tr	9	Exposed to the full force of the wind , it took Tarleton longer than he expected .
tr	9	There was a bright side though ; you never needed to wash the decks !
tr	11	Simon stood on the beam looking across the Thames River in the direction of West Minster .
tr	7	Those were Hilda 's own words back at White Wolf Keep .
tr	7	" She was in a moving helicopter ; maybe her aim got screwed up ? "
tr	5	Everything throbbed -- her head , her arms , her shoulders , her butt .
tr	11	He couldn 't understand why the military would keep it a secret .
tr	7	" Tell me how it isn 't !
tr	10	And before you , everything seemed to be wrapped up neat and tidy . "
tr	10	There is nothing they need from you .
tr	5	" Mom , can I get my breakfast to-go .
tr	6	Instead , they encountered a warrior queen , her extraordinary pet and guards with good instincts .
tr	6	The enforcer keeps his gun steady .
tr	5	" Leith ... " I took a few steps forward , my stomach sinking .
tr	11	It was dark by the time she arrived home .
tr	8	Dr. Warner frantically searched his mind for a solution as he continued manual compressions .
tr	5	' Yes , we are , ' I replied .
tr	6	" Yes , Papa , but he saved my life , mine and Pedro 's .
tr	6	A new country , twinkling , shooting star took off that Friday night amongst the other country favorites .
tr	10	Why would we tell them where to buy it ? '
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	11	He took them to Rafe 's tent and left them with assurance that Lady Adele would be with them shortly .
tr	8	" Lots of soldiers moving around here , Rick , " she said into the phone .
tr	11	" That 's what makes him the most dangerous one of them all . "
tr	10	He had gone to every town he knew .
tr	8	They had to get away .
tr	8	Despite appearing more concerned with his own buttocks , he was clearly listening very carefully .
tr	8	Tarleton raised his hand to knock .
tr	8	" I think you are correct .
tr	11	She was mesmerized by the play of the stained glass colors on her body .
tr	6	The horrible scars on the skin , at any rate .
tr	9	He moved over to the map on the wall and pointed at the common border .
tr	9	Isaac ascended higher on the slope and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
tr	7	The hostel was out in the sticks , only ten beds in the place .
tr	9	He also had to get back to Italy to prepare a few things . "
tr	6	" We 're your neighbors from Cairn Cottage . "
tr	9	It was looking more and more like their only avenue was the local sheriff .
tr	8	Several things flashed through Connor 's mind as Billy 's stick came closer and closer .
tr	8	The hair to the left of the center line was long .
tr	11	Who yeh tellin ' to back off .
tr	9	Already , I could feel strength flowing back into my limbs .
tr	8	The dog was running flat out at her and was less than twenty yards away .
tr	9	asked David , " he 's the new man on the block so to speak . "
tr	10	As Dr. Morgan cut away a portion of the corporal 's pant leg , Asst. George Fowler prepared the chloroform .
tr	8	I think he planned the bombing .
tr	8	That night they camped in the middle of a lake .
tr	5	Copyright 2012 J. C. Allen All rights reserved .
tr	5	" Not at all , " she said .
tr	10	We confided in each other that 's all . "
tr	9	It is too vital to our plans , that it cannot be permitted . "
tr	11	It didn 't take long for my imagination to kick in .
tr	10	Customers streamed in and out of the café , a sea of strangers , but none of them were Malcolm .
tr	9	" Is fishing part of the curriculum here ? "
tr	6	He is a gentle , kind and loving man .
tr	8	We can 't be bumbling around or it 's our lives . "
tr	8	" Hey , does anyone have the time ? "
tr	10	She gestured to the wall covered in writing .
tr	11	The silence is so heavy I could almost choke on it .
tr	8	" My people and your people are different ; and yet , we are joined as one . "
tr	10	Elaina glanced at Landon , who moved his plate away defensively .
tr	10	The variety of dishes that were served was fantastic .
tr	8	" Shit George it 's all over the place , " he said .
tr	6	" Don 't , " he hissed , his tone sharp and cold and ferocious .
tr	11	I want to know what 's up there . '
tr	7	" Like most of NET assets , this is no ordinary limo .
tr	11	" Who knew what we would find in this place ? "
tr	9	A slight gasp escaped my lips causing her to start .
tr	9	Looked like he was protecting her .
tr	5	" Not that hard , " the girl says softly .
tr	10	The sweeper was far faster than they could collect the small stones .
tr	6	Its mouth was open and its fangs and thin , forked , protruding tongue were gold .
tr	6	" And it just gets bigger inland , see ?
tr	7	The first , named Cerberus , had three heads , and the other , his brother , had two heads .
tr	9	He turned on the flashlight , then flicked his lighter .
tr	11	" I agree with you , Jen ... we would be stupid to let our guard down .
tr	8	" Thanks for letting us know . "
tr	6	" If your father ... " " It wasn 't my father , " Dorian said .
tr	10	Think you can do that ? "
tr	7	Antonio crossed the room and sat down next to her .
tr	5	So , technically , it 's still our wedding day , right ? "
tr	9	Kurt didn 't really feel he had a choice .
tr	6	A sword , rifle , handgun , ammo clips , communicator , knife and more flopped onto the stones loudly .
tr	10	" You told me you worked on the fly three hours a day , Dad , " she argued .
tr	10	" We just need to tune her into Warrior 's matrix .
tr	7	Startled , Ben shouted to his grandmother : " Watch out ! "
tr	6	I sat still , my legs tucked up to my chest , just staring .
tr	7	The entire structure was collapsing on itself .
tr	9	" Mission accomplished , " Tori said when the boy turned around the corner .
tr	11	Searching for Zelda , Link soon spots her comforting young Luda who sits next to her father 's corpse .
tr	8	" I do not have time for this petty back and forth . "
tr	11	" One more extension , you know I 'm good for it shortcake .
tr	7	Her parents were never home in the morning .
tr	8	I mean , he doesn 't even have a speeding ticket to his name . '
tr	6	" Like I said , I try and not come here at all .
tr	9	But I could see why you 're upset . "
tr	10	I 've got to get going .
tr	8	As they came over the hump onto flat ground again , the helicopter and its strange surroundings loomed into view .
tr	7	Virgil looked up from the ledger , huffed with relief , and kissed his fingers to her .
tr	10	The woman below apparently decided getting her toes wet was more than enough .
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	5	But , this one , right here , in Building 278 , this is it .
tr	9	Zelda calls , noting the empty sheath on Link 's back .
tr	7	Don 't look now , but your new pals are headed your way . "
tr	8	He grinned at Evans as he buckled in .
tr	8	" Do you want us to get caught ?
tr	9	" I exist outside of space-time , your mortal thoughts may not hide from me , " Adam answered .
tr	7	' Paper , ' he thought , ' what a wonderfully predictable medium . '
tr	7	At last , Mana whispered , " That could not have been worse timing .
tr	8	Uncle Jeff asked looking at him in the rear view mirror .
tr	7	His words were barely audible above the muted explosion from a nearby building .
tr	7	David received a report from both the assault and support teams .
tr	9	He 'd been waiting for this accusation all night and his father was right .
tr	8	" She 's untying my boot , " he told the man at the end of the jam .
tr	9	A string of twenty-three more bodies , all with their hearts ripped out , but with no connection to each other .
tr	6	For sure , we were in Luzern , Bern , and Paris .
tr	7	I handed out clues with confidence .
tr	5	" Stewart ... " The circus foreman held a second match aloft .
tr	8	He unfolded the bipod legs of his M249 Squad Automatic Weapon and settled himself into position .
tr	5	" Just a metaphor , just a metaphor , my man .
tr	8	A calm voice demands as the woman draws closer .
tr	5	" How much do we have ? "
tr	5	* * * * * Adriane 's confidence faltered briefly the next day .
tr	7	Dropping out of the lab ceiling , two gravity tether emitters fire sizzling blue energy chains at Red .
tr	11	" I don 't like the feeling of being out here by ourselves . "
tr	7	Josie had taken far too much interest in him .
tr	10	" Haven 't I made my admiration for you plain ever since I first saw you ? "
tr	9	He was an imposing figure standing at nearly two metres , possibly taller .
tr	10	She was itching to go with him .
tr	10	I asked her something at Mara 's place , making her to promise me .
tr	11	It has three separate docking bays on three separate sides where our craft can dock .
tr	10	He was concerned how this latest news would affect him .
tr	9	" Yes , I have someone I can call .
tr	9	By then the blood oozing down the back of his leg and staining the horse 's flank was obvious .
tr	7	When Wounded Eagle made the call , the woman slave looked in his direction .
tr	9	Somehow I managed to get to the bedroom door .
tr	8	The pale grey leather slipped easily from his shoulders , the coat 's long tails dripping toward the ground .
tr	7	Sadly , the High Priest and many of his guards were not ill .
tr	8	The Spanish have their hands full with the French incursions into Hispaniola and have left Eastern Cuba relatively undefended .
tr	10	" I 'm glad you feel that way , " said Butch .
tr	7	Two guards stood on duty , both blank faced , staring forward .
tr	8	Had you not spotted the significance of the Okazaki fragment , we would have been at this for days . '
tr	11	I have something to take care of first .
tr	9	Victor finalized the details of our operation and ordered everyone to get some rest .
tr	9	I know you can manage that . '
tr	11	" That 's what I wanted to talk about .
tr	10	There are only two people in the building , Tony Wei plus the driver that does the run to Amsterdam .
tr	8	" Step lightly , Miss Gwinn , " said a tall red-haired man as he passed a pretty young woman .
tr	8	he roared , pulling his sword from its sheath .
tr	11	He turned to find that he was not alone .
tr	9	" Shall we take the tent , Lady Guardian ? "
tr	6	Rafe started at her words .
tr	7	There was no one at the desk , by the way .
tr	11	Gabriel hit a pothole in the worn gravel road they were following and swore , not even looking at Alejo .
tr	6	" What your father did is not your fault Gabe .
tr	8	He got results and he did it with powerful and violent means .
tr	8	Nathan began to grow uneasy .
tr	9	Barney sighed to even think about it .
tr	7	With a flick of his wrist , he untied the ropes from my arms .
tr	8	It opens its jaws and bites into the hull its teeth puncturing the hard metal plating .
tr	9	" Got to sort this lot out , " said George , " maybe start some sort of catalogue .
tr	9	Most of the others also took the opportunity to explore the plateau .
tr	7	You 're a part of the system too . "
tr	7	" We 've changed the rules a bit .
tr	6	" She is eccentric , " Victoria conceded , " but she 's the best .
tr	10	She was scared , but not as much as before because this stable was her responsibility .
tr	5	" Well , my dear , your plan has failed . "
tr	9	" She might accept being a luke , but she would never love ? .
tr	8	Kurt made his way to the back of the pub , searching for the restrooms .
tr	6	" Are you comfortable ? "
tr	5	" Good suggestion , corporal , " the captain agreed .
tr	7	Riki lifted her nose in the air and sauntered on for a few steps .
tr	6	She probably lost her husband in a war long ago .
tr	6	In the center was a big eight by ten photo of the Castillo family .
tr	11	Sure 'n that not be too much ta ask , one sailor to another ? "
tr	9	The past ten captures her name and reputation alone were enough to ensure surrender .
tr	9	Neela seemed ready to break away .
tr	8	When the rider was within fifteen yards , he rose , bow and arrow in hand .
tr	11	Do you have plans for today ? "
tr	9	Spent , he sagged , panting , then clawed his way up until he could reach inside .
tr	8	When he complimented her on it , she held out an exaggerated shaking hand and made a face .
tr	10	Joshua thanked him and asked to bring in his men .
tr	10	I wouldn 't have to wait for long .
tr	6	Only fools ignored the Goddess , and they only for a short time .
tr	7	An instant before the notion is no longer feasible , Mai reaches out to the flailing boy .
tr	9	The French king had seized control of the paper , and the publication was slandered for its blatant propaganda .
tr	9	Durham screamed , advancing dangerously toward his sister .
tr	6	Every day you leave , every day I wait , and every day you get home later and later .
tr	7	Start with his fingers , boys then work up from there . "
tr	7	He shifted back and forth between his feet as if ready to run or attack .
tr	11	" Do you still have that damn serving tray up your shirt ? "
tr	5	' Indeed , sir , ' the man hastily agreed .
tr	7	The car was stopped , the engine was turned off and both men just sat there in silence .
tr	8	" That does seem the most likely culprit , doesn 't it ?
tr	8	" There is nothing like a new baby , " said Waving Willow .
tr	8	His face was closed against her scrutiny , giving nothing away .
tr	9	They all had been patched up by the doctors , and were now saying their goodbyes .
tr	6	" Go Army , " said Mickey with a friendly grin .
tr	9	Ladies like her never fell in love with pirates .
tr	10	Claire looked up from scraping the last of the syrup off her plate .
tr	9	Mocking could be heard all over , the men parroting their leader .
tr	10	I told you they 'd be signed soon . '
tr	7	After paying the cashier , Kali immediately spotted Cal in their usual spot but not at his usual time .
tr	11	Okay , I got ta remember that I 'm Zoe .
tr	8	The men worked straight through in a fever without a break .
tr	5	" Today , my fellow classmates is a great day .
tr	8	The destroyer was now being hosed , hits landing all over the forward part of the ship .
tr	9	The woman opened another large oak door and Rafe entered into a hall .
tr	6	' Hello , son , my name is Albert , ' said a voice by his ear .
tr	7	" On the contrary , I can never be anything but serious , Anna . "
tr	9	She clawed at her seatbelt for several seconds with one hand and opening her co-pilot 's door with the other .
tr	6	Not on the list , anyway , and Mr. Dewey 's system jumped straight from the third floor to the fifth .
tr	11	How was he going to get these people up out of this gorge and buried without raising suspicions ?
tr	8	the Prince called back , doubling his speed , leaping almost ten feet with every step .
tr	11	The room was large and lined with about eight single beds , all with pink pinstriped sheets .
tr	10	They should not rule , and they won 't die in a natural span of years .
tr	10	Rafe shook his head , indicating he had no idea .
tr	7	" They 're tracking us from orbit .
tr	7	Manuel took the flashlight from the glove box and the shrunken head by the hair .
tr	9	The scientist was so engrossed in his work that he hadn 't even noticed his visitors .
tr	6	' Maybe just some light entertainment , a friend , but it would give us a possible motive . '
tr	9	When he entered the lobby , Billy and Takeo were talking with some of their security guards .
tr	8	" They really don 't like me much , you know .
tr	7	They nodded , demanded more gold , and then grinned and whispered among themselves .
tr	11	Anna stared blankly , considering all he had said .
tr	11	But the lazier of us have time to sit around and listen to rumors .
tr	10	Only just realizing someone has entered the store she offers her customary greeting .
tr	8	In the three years he had been in the military , he had never seen any evidence of it .
tr	6	I don 't usually notice hands .
tr	6	Her hands on him , her mouth on him , her breath on his skin , it all felt so real .
tr	9	A slow smile curled Eda 's lips and she reached out hand to touch his cheek .
tr	9	" Come on Andy , " Archie said as he walked towards the door .
tr	9	I am old enough to be your mother .
tr	9	That 's all that went by .
tr	7	" But I 'm not taking a bath , " she added with her mouth full .
tr	10	" Calm down , " Zelda insists , moving over to comfort him .
tr	8	He was squinting at her from the third floor and she felt very uncomfortable .
tr	9	the voice he had heard earlier asks .
tr	8	On the floor in the far corner , he could make out the squat , cubic shape of a safe .
tr	7	I 've beaten him at War like five times .
tr	7	- Episode 19 - Awaiting Thatch and Cobble deep within the forest stood Lady Adriana proud and majestic .
tr	6	Moments later , an older man with a large gray moustache emerged through the kitchen door .
tr	9	She realised the thought no longer made her sad .
tr	6	He was even more powerful in the water .
tr	11	" How do expect to get me out of this ? "
tr	9	" They are not to be trusted . "
tr	8	He felt his forehead where the first one smacked him .
tr	8	" Almost there , " Mai assures him , adding , " Don 't give up ! "
tr	11	He woke up feeling guilty for sleeping in .
tr	10	" We have not yet seen him , " Harald said , " nor have we been in the Golden House .
tr	7	Two seconds later , tiny pricks of freezing water struck my face , arms , and pierced my clothing .
tr	6	" You weren 't exactly moving , dude , " Carlos remarked .
tr	8	The steel seat you were sitting on , I believe , helped save your upper legs .
tr	7	Instead , she went to their rooms , and the king made excuses for her in the dining hall .
tr	9	" We need to get going .
tr	10	but the ... I want to go back to the camp now . "
tr	9	Funny enough , this C-5 interior shape gave us easier design planning than we ever expected .
tr	5	In each case there was a long medical history .
tr	7	Standing , he put his hands on his hips and went on .
tr	6	Her eyes were on his boots .
tr	9	Don 't try to stop me .
tr	10	He asks , spotting a low hanging vine on this side of the gorge .
tr	10	The alarm blared loudly in the silence that followed .
tr	5	" Well , we can , " said Mary , " but we really shouldn 't . "
tr	8	" It healed , " Chase replied and raised his hand for her to see .
tr	7	" Will they be okay walking ?
tr	8	Chris turned and saw Sarah gazing around the room .
tr	7	' I 'm fine by the way .
tr	8	" Duty , " he repeated mechanically , reopening the door and stepping back .
tr	11	This psycho actually did think he was a pirate .
tr	10	asked Kevin having spotted Whisper in his disguise earlier on .
tr	11	' Let 's hope you 're right .
tr	5	He gave Kitty and her bobbing head a knowing , sympathetic nod .
tr	7	He filled the flask with cool stream water , lifted it over his head and poured it onto himself .
tr	7	Hairs instantly stuck out across my arms and down my legs .
tr	9	Lights came on in the neighbouring house as we stepped onto the lawn .
tr	8	He has been very helpful and informative about you , primarily to save his own neck .
tr	8	Christy shrank back into her seat , pointing to her chest and squeaked , " Uh , me ? "
tr	9	Sofia lowered her gaze and remain silent .
tr	7	" Jake was just here , " said Maggie , " Giving us the word . "
tr	9	You 've got to run , ok ?
tr	11	" I thought I knew what I signed up for . "
tr	7	" You two still need baths , " he said , sitting up .
tr	5	" Did you know that ? "
tr	10	I moved on to legal ways of getting my fix .
tr	9	Ryan , paused , noticing the two men 's eyes were beginning to glaze over .
tr	8	He 'd sensed it somewhere before , but where ?
tr	11	He dressed carefully , not wanting anything to be out of place .
tr	11	" And thank you for coming for me of your own free will . "
tr	8	" Nobody likes spending a month in traction . "
tr	9	I emerged from the hall still wearing my pajamas and boots with no socks .
tr	7	He raised his rifle into a ready position and clicked off the safety .
tr	10	We 're to deploy in a skirmish line immediately behind the lead infantry elements and support their advance .
tr	7	I have often wondered of your travels .
tr	10	" Well , I think Phillip can explain it better than me . "
tr	8	" You have to say the numbers ? "
tr	7	I checked about , saw no one , and set my ear against the crack .
tr	8	She saw a lot of big boxes , two trunks , a crib , four mattresses , and some old furniture .
tr	6	" Another of those black birds to the west ; far off . "
tr	7	How will you get her out of the tower ? "
tr	10	You have a good imagination ; just picture the teacher that your Aunt Theodosia would hire for you . "
tr	9	she murmured , burying her face in her pillow once more .
tr	11	" Is that supposed to be a riddle ? "
tr	11	Suits were mandatory in the hangar , though helmets would only be worn during combat operations .
tr	10	Always before , when she thought of losing him she was filled with anxiety and fear .
tr	9	They didn 't listen , but broke into a run down the sides of the table .
tr	8	Neither laughed , though perhaps they should have .
tr	9	A beam of light cut through the night and danced across the ground close to where we hid .
tr	9	They hoped to find the tanks unguarded ; no such luck .
tr	6	After a few minutes , the lengths of the separate pulses still seemed the same to her .
tr	10	You don 't really think there 's a problem , do you ? "
tr	10	His gaze kept straying to the blood on my hand while I explained my request .
tr	10	Andy took a couple of deep breaths then forced himself to look .
tr	8	She had tried her hand at Healing , but accomplished very little .
tr	10	she asked , trying to lighten the situation .
tr	10	Lilly Ann got out of the car and walked up the Frank Turner who dismounted his horse .
tr	8	" They could have parked anywhere , " Mike thought out loud .
tr	10	Accounts of the mission from other members of the squad occasionally sounded in his ear piece .
tr	11	This only maddened the official even more because he had only finished secondary school with difficulty .
tr	6	He looked down at her .
tr	7	I have not seen you for weeks . "
tr	5	A few minutes later , the three vehicles left the airport .
tr	8	There is no telling what you boys have awakened . "
tr	9	John ran to the back window before Sarah could stop him .
tr	11	" What do you think we ought to do ? "
tr	5	" Good morning Toby , 007 here . "
tr	8	Vivid memories of the fight at Tiger Rocks convinced her the boast was probably true .
tr	5	" Hi folks , " said William .
tr	8	A blast suddenly brought down part of the passage Reid and I had just exited .
tr	7	" Just like that , " the Master Banker snapped his fingers , " you figured it out . "
tr	9	Everyone has been busting their humps , not just me , " Valerie explains .
tr	10	I sagged to my knees by my grandfather 's side , my heart hammering painfully against my ribs .
tr	10	There was nothing to do but obey .
tr	9	They have been dated to approximately three thousand years BC . '
tr	10	I wonder what I can do with it .
tr	7	The pirate was in the back , lingering .
tr	8	Kurt thought back to summer camp in Montana when he was ten .
tr	10	I am having difficulty in understanding some simple things ! "
tr	9	Someone started to whistle softly under their breath .
tr	7	I quickly jumped into the canoe and paddled the few feet to the bank .
tr	10	" But we can measure the wind and tell what it 's doing . "
tr	6	Chapter 29 ~ Mirror , Mirror on the Wall , Who Will Make Our Kingdom Fall ?
tr	9	" That 's why I never get speeding tickets , Johnny . "
tr	7	The spacecraft 's cockpit was a little shorter and narrower than the shuttle 's flight deck .
tr	8	The rocky face was cold and now had a light dusting of snow on it .
tr	7	" Imagine seeing you here . "
tr	11	Zoe was silent , continuing to stare directly into his eyes .
tr	11	Switching back to the demo Raphael said , ' Still sounds good .
tr	10	He whispered to her , " Get your uniform at the clothing store down town .
tr	10	He noticed how flushed she was .
tr	6	" I always have , " Chase said slyly and straighten himself .
tr	10	What are the chances he 's changed that much ? "
tr	11	Chris assumed the number corresponded to a location on the map where it was found .
tr	5	" No , dear , we are almost there .
tr	9	" Yes , Falcon I am well , " Roberto replied , giving away nothing of his feelings to Falcon .
tr	9	The instructor turned the aircraft onto the runway , gunned the engine , and they began to surge forward .
tr	5	" No sir , I don 't , " I told him .
tr	9	She was brought up on stories of tribal battles and clan feuds .
tr	8	This time I did run my fingers across his cheek , then I smoothed his hair .
tr	8	A bright flash and four burning circles appear in the ceiling at equal distances .
tr	10	I was waiting quiet at my place , until I will get down .
tr	8	He walked to the kitchen door and Ricky unbolted the heavy solid core inside door and let him in .
tr	6	Mostly , they wore a short white skirt with gold or silver embroidery along the hem .
tr	6	In the dying sunlight the last rays cast a beam across the huge cat figure .
tr	7	" Are you telling us we 're prisoners ? "
tr	10	There 's a waiver to sign for insurance purposes .
tr	5	" These are hard times .
tr	5	" Your majesty , Prince Lance , " Gwendolyn says formally .
tr	6	Over the ensuring weeks , those words took on a power in themselves .
tr	9	I sprinted to the corner before slowing to a jog .
tr	10	" I think they mean go shopping , " said Edwin .
tr	10	Captain Osiris looked as if he had a bad taste in his mouth .
tr	7	" They were two of my closest friends .
tr	9	In Leeds train station before noon Amy stood by as Katherine hugged her mum .
tr	8	" Oh , shit , " Sarah said when she saw it .
tr	7	I smiled , drinking my chocolate .
tr	7	that was the nature of the team . "
tr	10	He gripped the canister in his hand and used it to punch me in the face .
tr	6	Then , we wished in our pockets for the money .
tr	7	It is troubling to me . "
tr	10	Miriam leaned forward to see the hunt , and after some time Simon managed to catch three or four wiggly specimens .
tr	10	Let him think what he wanted .
tr	10	All points of escape had been cut off by walls of fire .
tr	7	The boy then stood next to his mother ; like hers his big brown eyes staring .
tr	7	He stood there frozen , waiting , waiting .
tr	10	Lucas noticed that he was looking around the room .
tr	8	" And the sooner we can help Finn , " Eda finished quietly .
tr	10	The Minister refused to rise to Gorn 's aggressive posturing .
tr	8	We might find a cache of jewels . "
tr	10	He mentioned that DS Walters would be there also and I do know him .
tr	5	" What is his name ? "
tr	9	" You didn 't tell me it was bulletproof . "
tr	7	It would all go down tonight and with any luck , Maria and her mate would be reunited .
tr	6	" Our parents bought us full scholarships and well WHY NOT ? "
tr	10	All three dogs jumped up in unison and turned to look directly at him .
tr	11	The stupid nice things he does that almost make me feel sorry for him .
tr	7	I think I just witnessed his first tantrum . "
tr	7	" ' As long as he roars , I can find him , ' he said .
tr	5	" This is Tommy , Damon , Sean and Jake . "
tr	8	Put her down , Dominic , let me see her ! "
tr	9	Tell Gage I said hi .
tr	11	I saw a flicker of light and I felt a powerful force propel my victim into those behind him .
tr	8	" I was there when we found him .
tr	7	" And they 'll make good soup , " Riki added .
tr	8	Go on , put it down at once . "
tr	10	Easier to show than tell .
tr	9	He would regularly screw up a pile of notes and throw them angrily to the floor .
tr	7	' You 've enough practice now , I think .
tr	8	With his arm still pinned Raymond , was forced to his feet and back into his seat .
tr	8	Her heart raced as if it would explode .
tr	8	The engines roared and the Comet started to vibrate .
tr	6	" Why are you in such a hurry anyway ? "
tr	9	Jonesy was still weak from space and didn 't do well in the morning 's run .
tr	7	But as he did , he turned an old Idaho car license plate over , covering up the numbers .
tr	6	" There , " she said and pointed toward the north .
tr	11	He must have seen her iPad , phone , clothing , and figured she was loaded .
tr	8	Like a gust of sea breeze blowing away a cloud , Sky 's face cleared and she clapped her hands .
tr	11	I think I would have heard something , " replied Toni .
tr	11	This time around Simon managed to avoid the contact by twisting his torso .
tr	6	" Why did you choose this lifestyle ? "
tr	11	I know they decided to cover it up . '
tr	9	I paused in the doorway , taking in the morning sun , troubled , but thankful for his homecoming .
tr	10	On the run with no place to call home . "
tr	10	' And we 're grateful but , didn 't that strike you as odd ? '
tr	6	Acknowledgments To Dad , Paul Rose , Mitchell Small and Robert Maltby for their superb artwork .
tr	9	He went to the rear of the bike and unfastened his saddlebags , setting them on the ground beside the bike .
tr	11	It turned out the problem was with both of us .
tr	10	They have ten days to break him .
tr	6	" He and his five men are outside , " Harald said .
tr	5	Yeah , me and dad , we got the headaches all right .
tr	10	I hope I don 't end up with a concussion .
tr	9	He had a decision to make , and he had to make it fast .
tr	9	The Prince 's gazed snapped to the gate , and he realized it was the fifth sign .
tr	9	He set his rifle for semi-automatic fire and began to pick off the aliens .
tr	8	~ The Lady Grace dropped anchor in the cove just off Barney 's estate .
tr	6	Many separate but related religious groups of that era shared similar mystic , eschatological , messianic , and ascetic beliefs .
tr	7	Suddenly the candle was lighted for a brief instant and just as briefly was extinguished .
tr	10	Sounds like you have to go .
tr	10	So stop staring at me like a gormless fool and answer my questions ! "
tr	11	Diving to his left , Rift nimbly avoids the snapping jaws as they lunge forward .
tr	6	" Then I returned to my own tent .
tr	9	He could see gray and pink sky streaking through the chinks of the straw .
tr	11	I know most of them and I 'm sure they will fully support the plan .
tr	6	The monk 's inner being , hopefully a peaceful one , laid out in beautiful , fragile form .
tr	10	His confidence slipped faster than they had slid down the mountain after the avalanche .
tr	6	A familiar feeling climbed up his arms into his neck and brain blooming into a thought .
tr	8	And then the cousins heard a language very similar to their own Bulgarian .
tr	7	How could he compete with a super hero ?
tr	7	Pointing and howling in a high cackle , the devilish figure threw something onto the cushions behind her broad back .
tr	7	A man jumped out and secured the vessel to the pier .
tr	7	Blazing searchlights on the flat roof are sending bright beams into the sky .
tr	10	All of his energy , his enthusiasm to catch Mike 's killers , drained away .
tr	11	I 'm not saying this is God 's will , but He does work in ways we cannot comprehend .
tr	5	The Commander , the two captains , and the lieutenants joined them .
tr	7	" This place is still giving me the creeps , and it 's getting creepier all the time . "
tr	11	Everything happened so fast , the roaring sounds of the storm vanishing as his heart pounded in his chest .
tr	8	" Mara , can I ask you something ? "
tr	8	She wanted to feel it .
tr	10	Walk like a sea creature with your face near top of the tunnel . "
tr	10	I wondered how they could achieve anything in such a hectic environment .
tr	7	If he held really still , the pain of talking was manageable .
tr	10	Those would be conditions I could handle .
tr	9	Alejo had trudged up the concrete steps to the roof , following the broader form of his father .
tr	6	The ships in the fleet number in the millions , maybe hundreds of millions .
tr	8	Paralyzed with electricity , the guard spasms uncontrollably , crumbling to the ground without a fight .
tr	5	" Under protest , captain , " Red grumbles .
tr	9	" Will you admit it to yourself ? "
tr	6	She screamed his name again , the sound waves peeling all loose articles back , including his cheeks .
tr	10	She had to be kept safe .
tr	6	I was usually such a sensible girl , but right now , I was a desperate one too .
tr	9	" Oh , there 's a point system now , is there ? "
tr	11	We 'll take a few little treasures with us to make it look authentic . "
tr	10	You realise that you will not get away with this . '
tr	11	With men who tried to run .
tr	8	said Reid , coming up behind me .
tr	9	The midmorning sun casts a long shadow along the migrating dunes of sand .
tr	6	After a few unimpressive runs he tucked his nose inside his T-shirt .
tr	7	Toby had pushed the question to 007 .
tr	11	He addressed the men inviting them to join in with lower register .
tr	11	The end result was the poverty and suffering Martin had witnessed on his rural tour .
tr	8	No birds sang in the lofty boughs , nor did any rustling in the bushes indicate the presence of small animals .
tr	8	He then touched the stun gun to Jimmy 's forehead and activated it .
tr	8	Anna stopped , considering her plans for a moment .
tr	7	She stared at the silver tabby , shrieked excitedly and ran back inside the apartment .
tr	8	" You have to warn the king .
tr	8	" Give the kid a break , officer , " said Jonesy as the man was handed the paperwork .
tr	7	We hauled the wounded men upright and headed towards the exit .
tr	10	However , he likes to challenge himself and write in other genres as well .
tr	6	Had a bad morning sickness today , " Harald said .
tr	10	As for who -- I 've got my suspicions , but I need you to confirm them . "
tr	11	She had to escape before it was too late .
tr	11	An involuntary twitch strikes Ganondorf 's face , the image of tumbling red reminding him of his vivid dream .
tr	8	" Thank you all for your time .
tr	7	The fifth round fell five meters behind the bunker and exploded uselessly .
tr	6	Something strange in his face .
tr	9	There is only me and I just came down here to get some Pop Tarts .
tr	7	Then I pulled out the switchblade and tucked it into my sock .
tr	9	If Gabriel finds out , he 's going to have a cow . "
tr	7	Katherine still felt full but the memory of the food proved too much and soon the pair of them groaned unreservedly .
tr	8	As it was winter , the sun was just starting to rise .
tr	11	" We have no choice but to take over these camps across the river and lake .
tr	7	No , lovely isn 't the word that I want .
tr	11	' He must have known they were after him . '
tr	11	All we 've got to do is follow him . '
tr	6	And , out there at battle , how much female company do I get ?
tr	7	Trinity was no longer alone , she could feel it now ; she had never really been alone .
tr	8	He knew better than to argue .
tr	10	Simon instantly wielded the net and managed to get it into the largest jar .
tr	10	I get news of my mum 's sickness and I run to look for dad .
tr	9	" Fan out ; scan and search for any sign of that meddlesome mutt .
tr	9	His eyebrows raised when he got a look at the new team member .
tr	5	" Ranching , mining , oil and natural gas , for the most part .
tr	6	" You were upset , rightfully so , it was not the right time . "
tr	8	But , if it did , I would 've bought it anyway . "
tr	10	As soon as we arrive at our destination , we 'll let a person of authority know of the error .
tr	7	They saw it from a rise , and the makeshift camp was fairly impressive in all the wrong ways .
tr	8	He keep on trying but still , he could not pulled her up .
tr	10	I couldn 't blame him though ; I didn 't want to be here either .
tr	11	We split them up so they will not be captured together as we escape the city . "
tr	10	They continued running until they reached the back door .
tr	5	" See ... he has even a criminal record .
tr	7	" These are the finest crafted swords in all the known world .
tr	7	An alarm begins to sound .
tr	6	' Oh , thankfully she is the real thing ; the original Helen in fact !
tr	7	Em , besides , I don 't want to intrude . "
tr	10	I 'm not gon na hit you , " he said .
tr	11	I wanted to rip them limb from limb .
tr	11	He avoided turning around to look at him .
tr	7	With his arms outstretched , he hauled back on the rope and prevented my slide off the cliff .
tr	6	The monitor 's beeping dove from a constant beep to deep electronic thuds .
tr	7	To look more sincere Lusty Crow offered her and Woodpecker classes in local birds language .
tr	8	I asked , blinking to clear my eyes .
tr	10	" I know I was , somehow rough ... but I don 't ... I don 't want to break out .
tr	7	Through the open door she could make out the tiller wheel , throttle , and basic control panel .
tr	7	Do you follow so far , John ? "
tr	11	I 'm sure that would go over big . "
tr	7	Gabriel looked at Alejo , one sandy eyebrow raised .
tr	6	She looked up at him .
tr	8	' We 've been doing our own research , ' Reid replied with a shrug .
tr	11	I 'd love to have ridden in that last race .
tr	6	Other lives too , in hurricanes and earthquakes and all that other stuff you warned us about . "
tr	10	It wasn 't just the bonding they were talking about ; the unit was listed as vacant .
tr	9	He turned to leave then stopped .
tr	8	Sky stretched out her arms and jumped off the low wall into Claire 's embrace , snuggling deep into her hair .
tr	9	" Let 's see ... I lived most of my life on a farm in upper New York State .
tr	6	" Stop that , " he says sternly .
tr	6	My gaze shifted to the cigar in his hand .
tr	7	Perhaps he sensed the hesitancy in my tone , but he leaned forward .
tr	8	That it was just a way into Spy Games for him .
tr	6	A small hump in the snow , down near the edge , caught her interest for a moment .
tr	11	Neither of those things is going to help us get off the planet . "
tr	6	Alex 's dad was Richard ( Rick ) Williamson .
tr	9	They went to the church and the priest , who was very wise , immediately grasped the situation .
tr	7	At the table behind the shooting station Jen opened up the steel briefcase .
tr	8	Birds burst from the trees like fireworks .
tr	9	" Uh ... Beau , we got ta go , buddy . "
tr	9	" And you said that dad only ever worked for ' Queen and Country ' . "
tr	10	But all that would have to wait until Monday .
tr	9	By the time she came back , Miriam was hopping from one foot to the other with suppressed excitement .
tr	7	If that was the case , he was making a big mistake .
tr	6	Finally , out of breath , Ezra blocked the dog into a corner .
tr	8	" Oh , the God of Dane , if you are real , help me ! "
tr	8	They sat staring at him with incredulity .
tr	6	Derrick , Dane , and our pilot , Henderson are all fine .
tr	6	" So , what 's with the sheep ? "
tr	6	Behind me , I heard a thrumming growl , deeper and richer than a dog 's .
tr	6	" Actually , that 's not a bad idea , but not what I 'm saying . "
tr	8	" Tells me a lot of things .
tr	7	" Whoever it is , they 're moving something up there , " Dave said .
tr	5	" That bloody demon - " " That 's the peculiar thing .
tr	6	" We have a reasonable glide slope at a slower 495 knots .
tr	5	' Bureaucracy ' and ' political correctness ' , meet ' union might ' .
tr	7	And so , very calmly , without hesitation , he came up behind the girl and raised the sword .
tr	6	' On the other hand , we could always break the fire glass . '
tr	11	The humans ' efforts looked pathetic compared to this display of utter determination for blood .
tr	7	Aspens grew everywhere except the road , but now the winds and frost had shaken off their leaves .
tr	5	Well , Mark and Kayla would , but the kids wouldn 't . "
tr	7	Your brother is also working for us .
tr	7	" Let them be collateral .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry he pushes my buttons that way . "
tr	10	There was something she was leaving unsaid .
tr	8	As he grabbed the hand in an iron grip , a faint green glow shimmered where their hands touched .
tr	7	Scarcely breathing , Link awaits her promised end with dread , but not fear .
tr	6	-- " a ... an obstacle , you understand ? "
tr	11	They know he 's been functioning as Lou Phillips .
tr	9	Clearly exhausted , the weakened citizens and fatigued guardsmen soldier on , finding some unknown source of determination within themselves .
tr	10	However , she had not been used to thinking of herself as a form of torture .
tr	9	Her dark hair was dry and dishevelled , but that made her more appealing to him .
tr	8	Who would erase me , and why ?
tr	9	That type of discretion was necessary when operating this far undercover .
tr	6	Good-bye , and a safe journey to you . "
tr	10	" We need to be really mindful of our rations . "
tr	11	The Falcon knew he could trust Roberto with her .
tr	8	Mariposa knew the type of ant from her life in the nearby canyons .
tr	9	" You are the one they call a Creator ? "
tr	10	Arizona has lots of sun to give me , and my body greedily soaks in the energy it provides .
tr	7	Still clearly ruffled from the discourse , he exclaimed , " You 're different , Hank .
tr	7	It 's dead before I land .
tr	9	" Merry Christmas , " he boomed as he stepped into the room .
tr	7	Recruitment and training of British spies has changed very little over time .
tr	7	The monitor flickered and data from a scientific website appeared on the screen .
tr	9	The champion paused for a moment transfixed in disbelief , as the culprit smiled a wicked smile .
tr	7	Llama emerged from the bunker entrance and fired his rifle 's grenade launcher .
tr	8	" XO , pilot is ready , sir , " Warrior 's voice announces over the CIC speakers .
tr	11	I told you I 've got the hang of my portals now . "
tr	6	" I give you my protection , my allegiance , my mind , my heart , soul , and body .
tr	6	Their conflicting emotions swamped me : greed , anger , terror , exhilaration , desperation .
tr	8	Halfway down the alley , she stopped to turn and do a quick headcount .
tr	9	Is there someone waiting for him to come home ?
tr	6	Lo smiles , but it 's a mean expression .
tr	7	An oath to your mother , God shelter her soul .
tr	9	Taylor turned around to look at his work from a new angle .
tr	9	" Oh , well , you might want to wait one more second then . "
tr	7	I said harshly , stilling his hand .
tr	8	She knew he was right .
tr	11	I knew exactly how I was supposed to react .
tr	11	Simon felt excited that she thought he was cute .
tr	6	" Damn it , I will save you ! "
tr	8	Next , he carefully started dragging himself up the slope , still using the gun case as an anchor .
tr	6	Their weapons were pure white and jagged on one end , like a giant razor tooth .
tr	9	Without a word , she turned to wave to her parents .
tr	9	he could see the eye at the peephole in the door .
tr	11	They just cared that it broke out when the wind was wrong .
tr	11	She maintained her position as she watched him walk away .
tr	11	I would guess his age to be 37 years old .
tr	10	Do not try to throw it out of the window !
tr	10	Andy looked Archie in the face warily , trying to size him up .
tr	9	He had thought the whole thing a joke or worse , a distraction cooked up by one of his subcontractors .
tr	9	" Now I know you 've got the wrong girl .
tr	8	Mind you see them before they see you . "
tr	8	The surplus of agricultural goods , including seed and stock , for an equal weight of wood is a fair deal .
tr	8	Benton began to move , and his eyes flickered open .
tr	7	And , it will remind me of you and I 'll just feel less alone . "
tr	10	" Sidney , " he said gently and saw her gaze become expectant .
tr	9	" Not nearly as much as killing the heretics of the nation .
tr	5	A very exciting year for immigration . "
tr	10	The odds that it would once again pull an airplane across the sky grew higher by the minute .
tr	7	Nathan decided not to lie .
tr	11	The top unfolded to the left and each side slowly peeled away and laid flat .
tr	9	It 's as if I 'd never even been shot ! "
tr	8	" She seems like a nice person ... " " She !
tr	7	" Just relax , Jimmy , " she said , pulling him back .
tr	7	Taylor quietly climbed down the stairs , an interesting journey first thing in the morning .
tr	7	His face looked creased and sunken by the valet 's lantern .
tr	5	" Sure , sure , the traitor , I knew him . "
tr	11	Thick velvet curtains framed the French windows that lined one aspect of the long gallery .
tr	8	Mason was probably complaining about the last minute posting .
tr	8	Maggie Sinclair had nothing to lose .
tr	10	He said , ' We 've been performing hours every day .
tr	7	" You have had my wife , " Harald said .
tr	6	" Wow ... Lars , you are ... the sweetest boyfriend . "
tr	8	I should have stayed in Pennsylvania .
tr	6	Then at last he heard a soft stirring , then an echo .
tr	10	Of course the forces of darkness were quickly exposed and handed over to representatives of the Higher Authority .
tr	9	Beppe was sitting at the table ignoring Simon and inspecting all the food .
tr	10	I had no way of knowing for sure .
tr	7	Sir , they aren 't very happy with us , over . "
tr	11	' Good job ' I thought , ' I wasn 't going to offer you one anyway ' .
tr	10	Even that compromise , so long as not of principle , was to be chosen over enmity and strife .
tr	9	Rand opened his mouth to speak but no words would come .
tr	6	" Bigger than any Siberian I ever saw in any zoo ! "
tr	10	' I 'm sure the men of this town will . '
tr	7	My rifle was not a rare gun but there were only a few like it in River Sunday . "
tr	11	Cobb had also said that if they weren 't interested , others were lining up .
tr	8	She traced them , giving each one attention with her fingers , brushing against him .
tr	10	asked Simon , already half knowing what the answer would be .
tr	8	Swiftly , I cleared the threshold of the portal and appeared right beside Nuru .
tr	10	She could tell by the look in his eyes there was a problem .
tr	7	The tip of Thorne 's sword hummed past my face .
tr	6	" Of course , I am , " snapped the little girl with offence .
tr	6	" And , here , we all are , together , inside the Trig machine room .
tr	8	Mazza was quick to answer .
tr	10	He sifted through a few other items before holding up Nathan 's driver 's license .
tr	8	After all the fuss to get here , it was hard for him to simply wave and walk away .
tr	9	From numbers 1 - 19 a combination of dots and or dashes was used to represent each number .
tr	8	When Melody 's crying had subsided a bit , Ted approached her cautiously and sat down across the table from her .
tr	6	One he had never encountered before .
tr	8	Alex nodded assent , too tired to speak .
tr	11	I watched her get permission to go home .
tr	6	Gabe looks to his brother .
tr	7	That key had opened the playroom 's hidden trap door down to the caves .
tr	8	------ Lady Adele and Lady Eda wasted a great deal of time in saying goodbye .
tr	11	You 'd think someone had died or something .
tr	11	Josie began to walk slowly toward Mark , sideways , circling away from the shapeshifter .
tr	7	First , there was that business of the vandalism .
tr	6	" Whatever he is , " said Tristan loudly , " he doesn 't matter . "
tr	6	So far , no one was after me .
tr	8	Once sat on the branch the chick looked around him .
tr	10	I sat munching on my bread for a few minutes before I finally glanced at the paper .
tr	8	" Think we got ta problem boss .
tr	5	But unlike the warm beach air , this wind was cold and dry .
tr	7	The dumping ground , I assumed , was the final resting place for poor old Peter North .
tr	6	" Well , it 's an old one , actually , " he began .
tr	6	" Wait up , John , " she called .
tr	7	Rafe leaned against Finan 's horse in relief .
tr	8	The men split off , heading for the two doors .
tr	8	This was the burned out village of the Yellow Leaf .
tr	7	" You have lost , and now you speak to me with petty threats .
tr	7	Back in the house , Ted and Melody each opened their packs and spread their gear out on the kitchen table .
tr	10	Chris waited for him to raise his head and look up .
tr	8	Per your instructions , " she informed him just to break the silence .
tr	9	Sweat rolled down her trembling body and the moment Enrico saw her he called for the doctor .
tr	9	Davis knelt by the body , shrunken and dwarfed by its cold-weather clothing .
tr	7	Yet , two of them are dead , but the others keep on .
tr	8	With his hand on the massive iron handle , he scanned them with narrowed eyes .
tr	10	I wished to heaven he could .
tr	8	' Thanks , ' I gasped gratefully and looked up into Costas 's grim face .
tr	10	Connor stopped and turned around staring Maria straight in the face .
tr	11	The Indians had an honor system that was second to none .
tr	9	However ... he realized that he couldn 't turn them in .
tr	9	" But when the son came back , the Father didn 't just let him slave away as a servant .
tr	9	" Do you do ballet , Sky ? "
tr	6	She took away her hand fast , still smiling .
tr	11	and Ricky could see the large one to his left banging an arm on a spruce tree .
tr	6	Every species does it , only not in the same overt manner . "
tr	6	He got me on the ground .
tr	8	" Steve , put the rifle in the truck and bring me the gloves .
tr	6	-- It wasn 't a request , it was a strict order .
tr	10	They ascended steadily , pausing only to catch their breath .
tr	9	Nora thought she was going deaf .
tr	8	It was a short trip into the main part of the castle since the Academy was part the palace complex .
tr	9	" Oh yeah , I 've known him most of his life . "
tr	9	Her shoulders were bruised from the pack on her back .
tr	7	Designed by your team ? "
tr	10	" I can see why it 's a secret , " she said .
tr	8	Bethany , you go back about twenty yards to our rear and cover our backs .
tr	11	Guilt washed over Claire , as she realised that was true .
tr	8	... screamed like a school girl at a haunted house when the thing grabbed back .
tr	5	Just long , pink , flowing dresses and a perfect June wedding day .
tr	8	That 's where it 's at . "
tr	10	He took a step back , hoping to defuse the awkwardness .
tr	7	Her carefully observed expressions alone allowed you to instinctively sense her complete nature , her probable reaction to almost any event .
tr	8	Someone in his own family just tried to kill him .
tr	7	And what was more , he wasn 't the only one .
tr	11	" Well , the first thing I 'm going to do is get that kid some jeans .
tr	10	" The upper classes would of course take priority " " And what about the outer communities ? "
tr	6	You 've been so restless tonight . "
tr	7	On my first day my Mum ordered a taxi and we went together in style .
tr	9	How was she to even know ?
tr	6	' OK , OK , lets just suppose the alien Invaders and the Agents are the same , yeah ?
tr	5	" Their medical records use the aliases or whatever , though . "
tr	10	Why the problem with bringing Neil here to stay , Simon ?
tr	6	They couldn 't be more different .
tr	10	I 'm sure he 's nobody , and he 'll soon be on his way . "
tr	11	" Let 's eat first , " Taylor suggested , " this really smells too delicious to be kept waiting . "
tr	8	" Whatcha gon na do , beat me up , Uncle Ricky ? "
tr	10	I asked stiffly , gripping the Smith and Wesson so tightly that my fingers blanched .
tr	11	Do you know what Dopamine is ? "
tr	10	He knew she had the power in her .
tr	10	I don 't see why that could be a problem .
tr	9	Riki forgot all about nursing Mana instantly and turned to him with a light in her eye .
tr	7	What folks call me , anyway .
tr	9	" Please don 't make me let go , " she begged through pale lips .
tr	5	' Oh , how nice , ' said the oh god grimly .
tr	9	I remembered the open door when Zeal and I returned from Danton .
tr	11	Before leaving , Mason had one more thing he wanted to do .
tr	10	That 's why she did what she did .
tr	7	She was bad and good for me at the same time and those feelings tore at my heart .
tr	11	" It 's half the amount of the last one we drank last night .
tr	7	" Have you reached a decision in this matter , my fine fellows ? "
tr	8	She showed no respect to anyone with authority , but remained unfailingly polite to anyone without .
tr	8	There was some muttering , some laughter , and the actors wandered away , leaving Ed , Burt and Chuck alone .
tr	6	He stretched out the right knee and the left had the same reaction .
tr	10	I can be again attacked or ... I even don 't know where we are ... you brought me here . "
tr	10	He didn 't smile , but there was a bit of warmth in his eyes .
tr	11	Or something coming to make me dead ?
tr	9	" Merri Li was one the twin illegitimate daughters of Joan of Arc . "
tr	7	Rylan knelt in the dirt and drew his right-handed sword .
tr	11	With his hands saturated in blood , he reached for a long strip of cloth a few inches wide .
tr	10	' We 've got to get to higher ground .
tr	7	He considered for a moment and looked over his shoulder at Riki .
tr	10	This will continue to result in numerous delays and blackouts .
tr	9	Most of the photos were taken from the air as you can see .
tr	8	Then before hypothermia set in , I would rush down to the kitchens and let in the vengeful horde .
tr	9	You 'll convince them if you can , " she almost pleaded .
tr	8	Chris nodded , accepting her reason , and reached his arms up to Sky .
tr	6	A chilling , resonant whisper called from nowhere , " Welcome , Clarissa , my friend . "
tr	6	" Sure , I 'll just go and break my piggy bank ! "
tr	8	" Then there might be something of no import ? "
tr	11	There are rules I have to follow . "
tr	10	Looking more closely , he could just make out one of the Pillars of Hercules on one of them .
tr	8	But her voice sounds unsure as tears stream down her face .
tr	9	" If she knew who we were , she could easily track us . "
tr	9	Logan didn 't answer but continued moving to safety .
tr	6	Around thirty minutes later , we rode a tricycle back to the lodge .
tr	9	The inspector drove directly to the back of the plane and stopped a few centimetres from the ramp .
tr	11	Andy started running after the others , his mind in turmoil .
tr	8	" Give me the Hunter and I will leave in peace , " the creature bargained , sipping her venom back .
tr	9	we 'll keep on looking though .
tr	10	There was no way he could warn him .
tr	7	Willie mounted his driver 's perch and cracked his whip for fun .
tr	5	" K , thanks , " Gabe sighs .
tr	9	" It should be healed by now , " Chase whispered .
tr	7	All of the military leaders , the politicians , and the legislature are in town . "
tr	8	" Wes told me that his nickname is The Monk .
tr	7	Completely opposite in personalities , but close as could be .
tr	11	" You bet I am , " Neil whispered back , " you 're going to laugh before I am .
tr	6	They are barely alive , their life force is weak , although clinging on strongly . "
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , or persons living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	9	" You 'll forgive me when you taste one . "
tr	9	The door opened abruptly and in walked a stocky man filled with purpose and energy .
tr	6	Around their satiny petals , insects jostled for space , giddy and intoxicated .
tr	8	" Will you marry me ? "
tr	6	Then one day Joe B. noticed a new face , one set atop a tall body , young and slender .
tr	11	Anyone who even interfered with one of them condemned his tribe .
tr	9	" Jennings suggested we might bring Gema in ... .
tr	8	Just forget what he looks like .
tr	10	I am coming home , I already miss England , and I don 't want to stay here anymore . "
tr	8	It was the wrong thing to do .
tr	6	She was in pain . "
tr	10	He had been the one that climbed the vine .
tr	5	And , of course , it amplifies the voice . "
tr	11	Even the ones that could be found in the stores wouldn 't last much longer .
tr	9	These creatures were not those that kept close .
tr	11	" 007 , why did you turn around back there ? "
tr	6	" You just had breakfast , " Sarah said with exasperation .
tr	7	Riki watched him closely and did the same , and they dunked their ropes into the pool .
tr	8	" Aren 't you going to ask ? "
tr	8	" Oh , " she paused , " well , anything else to see here ?
tr	11	" Where I will be treated as a prisoner of war ?
tr	6	And she would tell the authorities everything .
tr	9	" I thought we were past that .
tr	9	I lay on my back as the machine whirls and hums around me .
tr	10	I 've got a guy who can help . "
tr	8	If I made it through this , I 'd confess to everything .
tr	11	" Will I be able to hear you from my house ? "
tr	10	The winner would be granted at large first prize award of cash .
tr	10	Like I 'd allow these idiots to let me do all the work so they could reap the glory .
tr	7	He let out a groan , and dropped the axe to the ground .
tr	7	They were over six feet tall , and even with the hard times , they both still had fairly big guts .
tr	8	Then they could see for themselves and make up their minds . "
tr	8	I only hoped he was honest .
tr	11	" Our ships stop functioning as soon as we get under their control .
tr	7	' For a mortal , you sure are taking things lightly , ' he spat out .
tr	7	His dark , enigmatic eyes , burning with a mysterious light , never left Valerian 's supple figure .
tr	8	One of them had an individual concealed beneath a burlap bag .
tr	11	He had something he had to do .
tr	9	He imagined the scene : A small light would pulse underneath Fish 's car .
tr	10	I wasn 't ready to connect with Tucker .
tr	8	" Some bastard jumped me in the woods down by the paddock ... . .
tr	10	Still , she hesitated , not ready to take her arm out .
tr	9	That 's what they told me at the grocery store .
tr	11	They could be falling right into the base for all he knew .
tr	9	You 'd been bleeding for a few minutes and there was none on the floor or anything else around you .
tr	9	asked Joe Bishop , an older plump man in his late sixties , with a blatantly arrogant streak .
tr	10	But the one that stayed with me , lodged in my throat , was fear .
tr	10	" I want to see where it happened .
tr	10	You know what 'll get you killed ?
tr	9	But I expect we 'll see her again . "
tr	10	" You 're feeling awfully confident aren 't you , kid ?
tr	9	King 's DEMON tore a bloody swath through the rear of the enemy 's ranks .
tr	11	He recognized one vessel as the amphibious crane , its tall tower looming three stories above .
tr	11	Can you imagine how horrid that would be ?
tr	8	Each verbose word out of her hideous mouth was like a stab in the face .
tr	8	" So who are you ? "
tr	10	Who can say when he will recover . "
tr	9	In this tranquility , she led me through the dipping branches until we came upon the well-known clearing .
tr	6	Could he really live without his Rosa ?
tr	10	He didn 't want anything to do with either one .
tr	8	Maybe the Baron would give them a really tasty treat as a reward !
tr	7	Get the hell out of bed . '
tr	5	Naya pushed her chair back , " Knock ' em dead , counselor . "
tr	11	We take turns washing our feet off in the tub .
tr	6	" He 's beautiful , " said my mother , and Milo let out another soft wail .
tr	11	We have several Tennessee Valley Authority guys here who escaped from the east and worked at dams .
tr	8	" No , no , " he said , looking at her now .
tr	9	" Hold on , I think I can get a twofer here . "
tr	7	" Did you find your answer yet , Kay ? "
tr	10	My thoughts were interrupted by more death screams coming from my right side .
tr	9	" We 'll stay here the night and be gone in the morning .
tr	9	She held the bow tightly as she aimed for the goal .
tr	10	I need Ryan to be alive somewhere in the world .
tr	10	He is not the Damian which you met in Greece . "
tr	9	" Yes , how silly of me , " the sergeant said giving himself a theatrical slap on the forehead .
tr	10	Her numbers are lower , but she 's made up just like one of them .
tr	6	She was tall , as tall as her father .
tr	11	The roar of the engines was instantly erased by a thunderous hammering all over the aircraft .
tr	11	Now , the Faith wants to ensure that each king represents their station correctly . "
tr	6	" Derek , no ... " My uneven breathing and erratic heartbeat drowned out my sister 's protests .
tr	9	" This secret has been guarded for half a century , " she said .
tr	7	It would be the safest , and the quickest .
tr	10	The dragon was red as blood - covered in glistening , metallic scales .
tr	7	" Look closely at their stripes , " Chris said .
tr	7	After his introduction speech , Dad boomed out the names of the staff .
tr	10	' I don 't know what 's up with them .
tr	11	" Simon , I know all about you and what you have done so since your birth .
tr	8	The grey , inconspicuously drab design of the large throne room does nothing to advertise the lavish interior .
tr	6	First my brother did it and now it 's my turn . "
tr	10	" This is you trying to be my friend . "
tr	6	The pilot says , " Olivia Newton John and the Bee Gees right ?
tr	8	There is no time to waste ! "
tr	9	The Prince 's first reaction was to laugh at her .
tr	7	" Don 't rightly know , but weren 't nothin ' no ways lofty at all .
tr	6	" Yeh and you look like an old rug too ! "
tr	9	I do not believe it was a death tip . "
tr	8	I am very much aware of that , " the Old Wizard denoted , throwing his look upon the rest .
tr	10	The flag actually bounced as it struck the surface of Asteroid DX 2014 .
tr	9	Before he could say a word a young soldier called his , or rather Rafe 's , name .
tr	8	" I don 't understand , " she said angrily , as if David were somehow responsible .
tr	10	" It 's all bound to catch up with us sometime . "
tr	7	Before he could knock , the Captain opened the door , " Come in , Mr. Greene .
tr	5	" These sections here , obviously don 't match .
tr	9	He looked at Miriam again and asked , " And who might you two be ? "
tr	8	My niece is poorly and I need somewhere nice for us to stay . "
tr	6	" It was his own knife , " said Logan .
tr	9	So , here is the sign that I am officially hanging up my tool belt .
tr	8	You 're as skilled as he is . '
tr	5	" On the table please , " my mother said shortly .
tr	10	She noticed that although still tanned he had tired lines around his eyes .
tr	6	Then their second daughter , the boys ' grandmother , was born .
tr	7	Archie started descending slowly downwards .
tr	10	" Something that will be there tomorrow , and the day after . "
tr	11	I was glad she 'd remained mute .
tr	6	Colors puddle on the floor .
tr	6	The coach blared , " Get over here , now ! "
tr	6	" This sounds ominous , " said the Commander smiling .
tr	9	When you connect to Warrior you are going to literally join her .
tr	9	There was some grumbling about it , but the consensus had been , what 's the harm ?
tr	10	Dane had his doubts about the big Russian and wanted to keep his eye on him .
tr	6	" I 'm getting out ! "
tr	7	They focused on their beloved idol and their own safety .
tr	9	He walked to the back door on his side of the sedan and opened it .
tr	6	You 've been shot ! "
tr	10	" They are now but only because of what happened before . "
tr	11	" You sure you want to come along this weekend ? "
tr	7	But even if it wasn 't the furniture dealer , it didn 't matter .
tr	10	Now the band faced the unfunny task of chanting it out alone .
tr	10	Well , then who was in charge ? "
tr	6	They have never been wrong . "
tr	7	" Oh , okay , well , at least you brought one of them . "
tr	8	So what do you say ? "
tr	6	One of the scientists reached for a phone next to him .
tr	8	I told the messenger that we 'd act .
tr	10	The restaurant had been managed by four generations of the same family .
tr	8	" Someone had to prepare the poison .
tr	10	" Did I hear someone mention Ben Franklin ?
tr	8	' Right ' he said , and signed the last page of the said formidable form .
tr	10	" Let 's see what this Akers is about .
tr	8	While these forms were no longer alive they would provide them a suitable container for now .
tr	8	" So many missions had been poorly thought out and the support was almost non existent . "
tr	8	' I 'm with him , ' Reid replied , cocking his thumb my way .
tr	7	" I know where that is . "
tr	6	Moments later , a black Volkswagen minivan rolled to a stop next to the Audi .
tr	6	The evening went slowly for her .
tr	9	The simple yet powerful vibration that resonated with these words was not lost on Taylor .
tr	8	Not if there are as few people out there as you said there are . "
tr	11	Mac was in the big comfy chair in the living room next to the kitchen .
tr	6	" The video feed is working , " said William .
tr	10	Sunshine hit her damp hair with a welcome warmth as she stepped out of the shade and into the clearing .
tr	11	Dammit I knew this was a stupid idea .
tr	6	Did she take them all ? "
tr	11	Andy , and everything else that was loose in the cockpit , shot into the air .
tr	10	Ashe figured he knew why .
tr	9	Do you hate me ? "
tr	6	" The Navy attracts the bravest men , " Wolff addressed his crew .
tr	7	The stranger is looking at me .
tr	6	" You 're right , " Sarah said .
tr	8	Do sing for us , please , " he said .
tr	11	Had he been played from the beginning -- from Jacob 's trip to Jakarta ?
tr	7	In the first , three cheerleaders hide behind their pompoms , eyes squinted in laughter .
tr	6	' Yes , certainly , this one is for flowers , cigarettes , paperback , toy aeroplane . '
tr	6	" Adam and Eve had a son , didn 't they ? "
tr	11	he wondered aloud , raising his hand to his brow in bewilderment and closing his eyes .
tr	7	Stalin 's voice echoed around her , crackly and breaking .
tr	7	" Joshua , go back up to that position and watch for any movement .
tr	6	" Worry not mortal , we shall face this enemy .
tr	10	If you 're hungry I can fix us something to eat . "
tr	11	Shaking and sobbing slightly , he lifts his head to look at the hero 's empathetic face .
tr	9	The last thing we need is to take fire midstream from enemy or friendly . "
tr	8	You cry if you need to .
tr	5	" First , it 's raining .
tr	11	And he was supposed to be good with numbers .
tr	10	" They drop it off at a coffee plantation in the foothills outside of town . " "
tr	9	What makes you think that ?
tr	6	" So I heard , " tall and reedy said , and this time , the other boys didn 't interrupt .
tr	8	After the noise of the crash the place sounded quiet for a moment until my ears picked up the alarm again .
tr	6	" Wow , erm , Osvaldo , its erm ... " " Portuguese , " he says dryly .
tr	6	But if we do , you 're a dead woman , and you know it . "
tr	7	At that moment the door opened and a girl in a black evening gown came in .
tr	8	But he 'd been right about Angelina , and there was some solace in that .
tr	9	That was until two weeks went by and still no Alita .
tr	11	Could James have manipulated her into giving in to him ?
tr	9	" Violet , have you seen a black haired skinny woman running by ? "
tr	8	Before I could muster a reply , Haus 's words drifted on the breeze towards us .
tr	8	He still had an axe that worked .
tr	9	Jim Meeks would be promoted to Colonel and assume duties as the newly formed New Harvest Regimental Commander .
tr	9	The dinghy was lowered into the water and the three sailors took their seats waiting for Sophia .
tr	7	I 'll call you in a while .
tr	5	" Lawrence , straight-up cool t ' meet ya . "
tr	9	The memories of screaming raider victims were still fresh on their minds , but this was different .
tr	8	He held her closer to his hard body , feeling her stirring .
tr	8	Victoria beamed rising to greet him .
tr	8	From the mission 's inception , he had taken an active part in its planning .
tr	7	Use French , we don 't want any delays in translation . "
tr	6	Chapter 11 Every year , right after the watermelon parade , folks had a big barbecue out at the river .
tr	9	There were billions to be made !
tr	8	Just keep breathing through your nose and concentrate on the seals . "
tr	6	In a dinner time he just roasted dolphin on the deck , alone .
tr	10	Everyone else seemed to be taking great comfort from them .
tr	10	" I 'm going to beat you to death . "
tr	6	The printout detailed flight information and times from Miami , Florida , to New York City , and then Philadelphia .
tr	11	" We should have no trouble making it down to the landing field with maybe thirty minutes to spare . "
tr	7	of not knowing and they knew .
tr	7	As he finished the last document , he sat back in his chair and let out a deep breath .
tr	7	" I 'm in an important meeting , " the Admiral declares with a slight smirk .
tr	8	I ducked past an open doorway , narrowly avoided another volley of bullets , and looked around frantically .
tr	7	" That 's what I thought .
tr	5	Maybe late thirties , early forties , dark hair , plain face , one he recognized .
tr	5	On Earth , however , the aging process occurs much quicker .
tr	6	No ID at all , but he did have - " " Hey , I know those shoes . "
tr	10	Besides , all his fears and concerns could be disproved with the piece of paper in his pocket .
tr	5	On the third ring , his aunt 's answering machine picked up .
tr	5	The name of the ship , he remembered , the Red Panther .
tr	7	You make my heart sing .
tr	6	Like I said , the man was out of his blasted mind .
tr	9	I have more than enough money , and I 'll do whatever it takes . "
tr	5	" You kidding me ? "
tr	8	Agent Williams quickly finished his sweep of the kitchen and exited through a rear door .
tr	11	I didn 't think I was agreeing to that ! "
tr	11	If calling them brothers inclined them to agree , then that was what he would call them .
tr	10	It took them a full five minutes to drive around the grounds of the house .
tr	10	Nobody wanted to admit what happened .
tr	6	the doctor asked with concern .
tr	6	That ' s his name , he is planning a horrible crime ! "
tr	11	" I do want to marry her .
tr	9	Sure , she wanted to go home but this was ludicrous .
tr	10	She has to stop harassing us .
tr	8	Rambling and stammering , Alejo 's statement about believing Jesus obviously came as another shock to his father .
tr	6	The computer turned and stomped back down its virtual corridor , opened its virtual door , and virtually slammed it again .
tr	7	" Papi , please listen to him , " Riki said in her sweetest voice .
tr	10	I was wrong , my world is upside down and I don 't know what I 've done . "
tr	10	Make you want to run ? "
tr	10	The evil that has come to this land is now looking for you . "
tr	7	The girl 's eyes widened ever so slightly and then narrowed ; her hands balled into fists .
tr	9	Said not to worry about anything . "
tr	9	Do you want children ? "
tr	10	Do what you have to do .
tr	7	With very serious expression on her face , his sister said , " It 's not a joke .
tr	7	' Sorry boss , but half the men out there know about it already . '
tr	10	Fitzgerald would have applauded had he been able .
tr	9	" Yeah , " Scott said blandly as he turned his attention to the country roads .
tr	9	" What are you going to name it ? "
tr	10	Rylan questioned , from the empty grassland to the intensely focused face of the prince .
tr	8	With a flick of the reins , Logan and I set about saving a kingdom .
tr	7	" Yes , but I 'm not even at the good parts yet . "
tr	8	Nathan decided to take a different approach .
tr	10	The tourists and visitors tended to split evenly between the thrilled and the disappointed .
tr	10	Are you ready to leave ? "
tr	6	Stacy , actually , " She said and sat on the opposite bed .
tr	9	" Then you don 't have anything to worry about do you ? "
tr	7	For the second time Drew saw a look of total determination on the corporal 's face .
tr	9	Dear God , what has she been through , " the mother cried .
tr	11	" What ... what do you want to do today ? "
tr	6	" One wrong move and we 're done for . "
tr	8	" I could have taken him , " she boasted .
tr	11	" She taking blood faster than we can give it , " she retorted back instantly .
tr	10	" Oh , and you think Steve discovered something during his land survey ? "
tr	9	He jumped over a pile of discarded boots and snowshoes and fetched up against a storage cupboard .
tr	7	" An end to suffering , " he stoically responds , shocking her with his immediate retort .
tr	9	None cheered , but many wore expressions more eloquent than cheers .
tr	8	She looked frantically left and right , and ran a little further down the road .
tr	9	Regardless of his flaws , it had been clear that Joseph loved Adele .
tr	8	He wore a little brown goatee , some kind of homage to the Muslim tradition of big thick beards .
tr	10	Don 't worry about hurting my feelings , " she joked .
tr	9	" Okay John the moment of truth , firstly the names of the men with you at Tern Hill . "
tr	6	She was impatiently hopping up and down the small room .
tr	8	" I really want my parents to witness this occasion .
tr	6	Something about it , the faded wallpaper , or perhaps the sloped ceiling , speaks of comfort and whispered confidences .
tr	7	Heading back up the river they stopped behind Tim 's back gate .
tr	7	He nodded and smiled then tossed the phone on the table .
tr	9	So , you 're going to sleep some more ? "
tr	9	People who had for years nervously watched their resources dwindle and options shrink once again were lured into the financial markets .
tr	7	The lodging itself was very conservative , a design by a man called Fresco .
tr	9	They sat silently for a minute , waiting for the events to start .
tr	7	After a struggle , he ripped the sword from the other corpse 's fingers .
tr	8	It was a cute one , comfy , having light blue walls like color .
tr	11	" All you need to do , Mr. Richmond , is to link up with the ISS .
tr	7	His hands rested on his guitar case ; the backdrops weighed heavy on his arm .
tr	7	But in the past twenty-five years , she became a recluse and remained out of the spotlight .
tr	11	It 's strange if you 're in the dark for a long time .
tr	8	" Please , " Scarborough said between sobs , " please , may I have a moment ? "
tr	9	The voices started quietly , melding with the instruments , then pulled them to greater tempo , fiercer emotions .
tr	10	Feeling better than he had in days , Neil agreed .
tr	8	Her leg caught the transparent wall hard , sending a jarring shake right up through her teeth .
tr	5	Unlike his father , however , Ted Jr. was trim and fit .
tr	8	They were back into the action hot spot again -- -- lights , traffic flashing neon lights and people .
tr	9	I even had a moment of pause when they explained it .
tr	7	" Oh , he doesn 't have one yet , " Ghost said .
tr	5	For a heartbeat , I kind of liked this invisible watcher thing .
tr	6	The hot sun warmed his face , and a gentle breeze rustled a wind chime somewhere close by .
tr	8	We are encouraging this type of immigration for only one reason , greed .
tr	7	" Good evening Mr. and Mrs. Wolf , " Tori said and they shook hands with them .
tr	6	Edwin gave his young friend a sparkling smile and a pat on the back .
tr	9	It was the best they could do .
tr	10	All you have to do is add thirty-four , twenty-three and eleven together . "
tr	11	I could end up in something worse than a smelly chicken coop .
tr	9	But maybe , just maybe , that was how she 'd wanted it .
tr	10	I hope Dham has gotten clear .
tr	5	" Oh , " said Milos , " but I already have . "
tr	9	The second hand swept around the dial , approaching six minutes since Fish 's departure .
tr	6	" Yes , come out of a nightmare to awake in another . "
tr	8	There was a broken basketball hoop and a folded up table tennis table .
tr	7	Right on cue , the final grains spill through the ceiling and the entire temple begins to shake .
tr	7	Within the visor of his helmet a display outlined his altitude , velocity , distance , and bearing from the target .
tr	9	A man doesn 't go into a duel without something on the line .
tr	9	He 'd never even seen a Rolls , but he 'd seen the ornament in photos .
tr	8	" Ya 'll can go home now , " Lucas said to the crowd , as if they needed his permission .
tr	8	" How are things in the spook business , Dave ? "
tr	10	Bron shook his head indicating ignorance and Rand sighed , pinching the bridge of his nose .
tr	10	They stayed that night in the second little cabin and had a nice breakfast with Mr. Stark on Sunday morning .
tr	7	The thought of breakfast made his stomach rumble .
tr	5	" Some bread and cheese with a little meat . "
tr	7	Though it 's an expensive process , the diamonds made of your loved ones ashes can be worn all the time .
tr	10	It appeared no-one had ever confronted him or questioned his orders before .
tr	8	" I can keep this up all night , if necessary . "
tr	8	" You use yours , I 'll use mine ! "
tr	11	Michael found it a pleasure to go to his school .
tr	11	It wasn 't until two thwarted domestic terrorist attacks in late 2004 that the system gained wide acceptance .
tr	7	" Another local police report in Arizona , " Sgt. Brown explained .
tr	5	V Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	6	For an instant , dark eyes flicked to him in acknowledgement .
tr	11	Why didn 't you say you needed help before ? "
tr	10	she added looking out the window at the far side of the hospital room .
tr	9	" May we please be excused ? "
tr	6	" Josie ... " Mark thought about it for a moment .
tr	10	" Sometimes it pays to have friends in the wild . "
tr	7	In stony silence , he closed one metal cuff over his wrist and reached for the other .
tr	6	And his spontaneous behaviour was so sweet and somehow she needed it .
tr	9	I searched the flow of customers but Aimee was nowhere to be seen .
tr	11	Seeing her ready to fight him confused him .
tr	9	Blow it out your ... " So what did you learn , Nat ? "
tr	6	" You see , Jesus is alive , his grave is empty .
tr	9	There must be many Rogue pairs , though how many the Prince couldn 't say .
tr	9	Do you love him ? "
tr	8	Houses dotted the main street , and many businesses were closed despite the early evening .
tr	11	" You should understand what is best to do .
tr	7	Not that I 've heard of anyway .
tr	10	They sat facing each other as though sizing each other up .
tr	6	He and his nephew also had their hands in the original embassy bombings ten years ago .
tr	9	Yes the Sycamore Tree was pretty but I could have lived without it .
tr	7	They hopped into the Riley and drove to the Blind Beggar pub .
tr	10	Avril would have woken and tried to stop me .
tr	6	A typical Washington home , I discovered : clapboard siding , cute herbal garden , and a stone path through roses .
tr	7	After all the celebration , hugs and gifts , Avril and I jumped in the car and headed for the beach .
tr	8	I like talking to you .
tr	10	' Look at those ... what are they ? '
tr	11	' The precious blood you wanted , the one that would have made your plans come true ?
tr	10	Close enough to whisper with ease .
tr	9	I took a seat on one of these chairs , and next to me , Mrs. Jones took one .
tr	5	" Wow , Auntie Claire , that was amazing . "
tr	8	To get the job done . "
tr	6	Approaching the mountain , they slowly made their way up the steep incline .
tr	8	The license read , William Combs , and gave a Clay County address from the DOB I calculated he was 36 .
tr	7	You won 't be in any danger . "
tr	9	He hiked his gun a little tighter , focusing it squarely on Jack 's chest .
tr	6	Like the first time , he ignored the calls , but after a while , it just got annoying .
tr	5	And then it is over .
tr	7	" Because I 'm that Campbell guy 's boss .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , I do , " he replied softly .
tr	7	You grew up as a Luddite , but then you got an Imp and joined the military .
tr	7	My friend got pregnant , was discharged , and then lost her baby .
tr	5	" For a fortune , no doubt . "
tr	11	I said without fearing and I did not know from where the words came out .
tr	8	We had to find you first .
tr	9	The wind should be in her favor ; she would likely be headed right into it .
tr	5	" Sergeant Stone , Ninth Ranger Battalion , and this is Dr. Granger . "
tr	10	I thought you might know the herbs and could brew or cast something to save her . "
tr	8	Soon my shoulders began hitting the sides , catching my body in the space .
tr	7	Quite a kick in the balls , right ? "
tr	6	Dien and the creature traded blow for blow across the entire sky violently .
tr	7	J.T. " Chapter 1 -- Alex Friday , May 11 -- Southern Virginia .
tr	9	' That 'd be anyone 's cup of tea , ' he said .
tr	9	Your government made the decision to cover up our intervention . "
tr	7	" Sir , with all due respect , there is still a sizable army at Goliad !
tr	8	They lumbered towards Frank and gripped him with huge hands , and pulled him into the dark , brick building .
tr	9	Do you have I.D. ? "
tr	11	' I knew you 'd come for me , ' she said softly .
tr	5	Tom was not quite sure .
tr	11	If something happens , don 't wait , and whatever you do , don 't come back .
tr	6	His chuckle sent fury into her eyes .
tr	8	" This is why we are here boys .
tr	5	In the outside lanes cars and lorries streamed passed .
tr	8	He grips the sides of his bag , and the words rush on .
tr	11	Don 't skimp on history teach it as it was originally written then point out the alternate views afterward .
tr	8	His recklessness to expose his heart was a revelation .
tr	7	" Look man , " he said , " you were gone for a long time .
tr	9	His mustache twitched and he ran the back of his hand across the bottom of his beard .
tr	10	" General consensus is that the Roswell bunch were just biologists but I figure they were doing a nature show . "
tr	7	The guy with the mermaid tattoo slapped Alejo on the shoulder .
tr	7	' Put the knife down , don 't be so disgusting , ' shouted my Mum from the bar .
tr	10	Adele bit her lip trying to fight back her tears .
tr	8	Convince these blokes to help him ?
tr	8	As he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
tr	11	He concentrated on the window high above , holding his breath while he watched for the movement again .
tr	10	Jeff made sure to stand in the shadows as the men worked .
tr	6	The chair was lowered , and one attendant opened the door .
tr	5	The dress -- the beautiful slippery designer dress -- was a complete disaster .
tr	9	You 're going to see your parents ? "
tr	9	" Do you know anything about your mom 's work ? "
tr	7	' Can you override the access doors to that unit ? '
tr	9	He stepped back to draw her out -- and felt his thighs locked in an iron grip .
tr	8	When I opened my knapsack , I found most of my food missing .
tr	11	In their travels , they gathered together more supplies they would need for their journey .
tr	11	Claire wracked her brain for anything else she knew about the area .
tr	10	' Can you see what 's out there ? '
tr	7	He winced and fell quiet .
tr	9	I have to close for now .
tr	6	He closed his eyes , his chest barely rising and falling .
tr	6	Days later , the air , the wiring , and the circuitry came alive with her electricity .
tr	9	Daniel remained motionless with his back pressed against the tree trunk .
tr	6	" I -- I did , " he replied in a small voice .
tr	6	Today she wore a knee-length red pencil skirt , a black blouse and red baubles at her throat and wrists .
tr	8	He took her in his arms and they each breathed the spirit of the other .
tr	9	" Can 't say that I have , " answered Carter after some thought .
tr	7	Alfred and a few others at NET designed the entire operation .
tr	5	" Mortal girls , Shadowhunters , female warlocks , you 're all the same .
tr	7	President Parnell took off his glasses and rubbed at his eyes .
tr	7	The other she had lost during the struggle .
tr	9	And I was supposed to be the hero .
tr	8	" I 'm sorry I asked . "
tr	10	Put them all together and what could possibly go wrong ?
tr	10	' That 's right , ' Katherine giggled feeling silly for laughing .
tr	6	On the Metro ride home we didn 't say a word .
tr	9	By now , the three had met in the middle of the castle field .
tr	8	She hoped she could help .
tr	6	Gray like smoke , " she says .
tr	10	Something , as if summoned by their conversation , was coming .
tr	8	This was as primitive as he could imagine .
tr	7	' It 's all right , ' I whispered , my teeth shattering uncontrollably .
tr	7	Why are you troubled by this news ?
tr	6	Chapter 4 Alexia Joey found Alexia in a strip club in Atlanta .
tr	6	The blade pierced my heart in a single savage blow .
tr	6	" The Key of Solomon the King , " I read in a low voice .
tr	9	It was dipping into Phillip 's throat , drawing blood at the pressure .
tr	5	" Your room , Miss Glory , " he pointed .
tr	11	" I do hope you are right .
tr	8	" We were about to leave . "
tr	5	" No , it 's not that .
tr	11	He was about to make the biggest announcement of his career -- to him anyway .
tr	9	These new thrusters are great for acceleration and braking , and we will be with you in seven hours . "
tr	9	The little man had no intention of doing so .
tr	10	Sofia cautiously turned away as he caught her staring at him .
tr	6	He turned back to Rand .
tr	7	My favorite part is making that gun sound with my mouth .
tr	8	There had to be a quicker way around .
tr	7	I ordered two hardy loaves from the man and passed over my Italian lira .
tr	6	You can only see some marketing splash pages .
tr	10	He heard Gabriel yank the key out of the ignition and saw him reach for the door .
tr	8	" We 've heard a good bit about you from Siobhan and the others .
tr	9	I clipped a fresh magazine into the chamber of the Smith & Wesson and unsheathed the katana .
tr	8	" I think he likes her . "
tr	7	He pushed through the heavy wooden door and stepped into the cool , dark interior .
tr	10	Sarah assumed they must have just finished a long chat .
tr	9	After collecting his dues from the car 's other passengers he came for me .
tr	7	The rudder shifted back and forth slightly in the water and suddenly it came to him .
tr	7	" Two shots of espresso , two mint leaves , one sugar cube and three Reese 's Pieces . "
tr	9	Our enemy sprinted towards the train , his boots sliding along the smoothed wooden platform .
tr	7	" You might , but I 'm not going , " Andy replied firmly .
tr	9	I didn 't know how much more truth I could take .
tr	9	" You come with me and we present this as a completely non-partisan plan .
tr	6	A second later , her arm moved and she fired the Glock .
tr	10	Each of these are the last defense of the kings they protect .
tr	8	He saw Sidney 's gaze slide along the mountains as deep crevices furrowed her tiny forehead .
tr	8	The sky was a beautiful deep blue behind them but ahead a mass of storm clouds loomed on the horizon .
tr	6	The General on the other end finally eased off on his tirade .
tr	11	No , I would have gladly given Vella his empire in exchange for my dear fresh and blood girl .
tr	6	Back of my head is getting itchy . "
tr	7	He hastily jumped to his feet and drew his sword , quickly finishing off all three imps .
tr	5	Besides , the arrow is almost fully through . "
tr	11	He runs his fingers through his hair trying to tame the wild strands .
tr	10	Jacob drained his glass quickly and rose to pour them both another .
tr	7	Then , Julian moved his hands over her stomach and rested them there for a long while .
tr	6	A waitress came and took their order and later brought out their food .
tr	11	Mac tried even though he knew they wouldn 't budge .
tr	10	It was pitch-black inside until a shimmering chandelier lit up .
tr	5	And due to extraordinary circumstances , Edward Drake is now a free man .
tr	9	" You seem to attract princes , " he noted .
tr	7	" One of the Jewish girls , " smoothly started the slave trader in a sweet voice .
tr	7	It was not received in good spirits .
tr	6	" I see , " the vile creeper chuckled , " and she probably made your costume , too . "
tr	7	Lucas removed the coins from his breast pocket and set them on the counter .
tr	6	The bright garden before him swam in his vision .
tr	8	While it moved fast , seemingly reckless in a headlong rush it was different this time around - more cautious .
tr	9	I felt like kicking open the door and slapping her .
tr	9	" Looks like they 're protecting a bunker entrance .
tr	8	I turned down one street and then the other with no direction in my mind .
tr	7	" Good morning , Herr Strauss , " Masque said , his voice full of menace .
tr	8	' After all that drama I 'd hate for you to fallout , ' Katherine said concerned for them both .
tr	9	The last round was a special bullet that sedated its target .
tr	6	Outside the box , Chris rolled his eyes and shook his head .
tr	9	I 'm sorry to see this night end .
tr	11	That 's what happened when the current grew too jagged .
tr	8	Valerie moans as she pulls back .
tr	8	" I know that our betrothal is not easy .
tr	11	" He wasn 't like that when I knew him in England .
tr	10	" Remind me to pick up a couple of kids gifts .
tr	8	The hunters gave chase on each side of the creek bank .
tr	9	' He wasn 't happy to see me . '
tr	10	He noticed something else that was tripping him out .
tr	6	He skin was tanned , his hair was a dark crew cut and his eyes were a warm chocolate brown .
tr	9	There was one more lingering embrace , and then Wolf Eyes departed .
tr	11	I think they planned on fighting back .
tr	8	His face had closed down again , and Claire felt tears of frustration building behind her eyes .
tr	6	But , even before Liesel , the gloom already had me in its grip .
tr	9	Shame that he had disappointed his Mother .
tr	7	She ran a hand through her tousled hair , leaned back in the chair and closed her eyes .
tr	9	I 'll tell you what has happened .
tr	9	A flash of envy stabbed through me as I looked at the smiling pair .
tr	8	He went to his own tent , boiling with helpless fury .
tr	7	I had to stop and rest .
tr	10	I say not wanting to push her .
tr	10	When he realized what he 'd just done , he realized he was flushed and breathing heavy .
tr	10	He went to her and realized with shock that she had been infected .
tr	11	I wish we had a crane or lift of some sort , " Jonesy replied .
tr	6	" Um ... me , Alex , Christy ? "
tr	7	He reached down and pressed his fingers into the rock .
tr	10	Up front where I can watch you .
tr	10	Realization seemed to finally come to Jacobs and he smiled .
tr	8	It would be difficult without crew though .
tr	8	Nicely done , Frank ; sit here for ten minutes and THEN decide to fix your hair .
tr	7	An idea sprang to mind .
tr	10	If you really wanted to ditch me you should have headed to Liverpool like you said . "
tr	8	No one can attend to him alone , except for Arthur .
tr	9	It seemed the man never left the Rump , so he had the opportunity .
tr	11	" Abigail Woods , do you want to be my wife ? "
tr	8	Being the daughter of an ambassador can be stifling .
tr	8	" Well , that 's what I think , " he said .
tr	8	Robert didn 't acknowledge his son 's apology , he merely transferred his gaze to the elder child .
tr	7	She pulled the port for my feeding tube out and found a syringe in the drawer .
tr	10	Aria keeps reaching for the hilt and pulling at it , but it does not move .
tr	10	The hunger is flooding my mind , and I strain to hold onto my senses .
tr	11	He held out an arm and Claire allowed herself to be pulled upright .
tr	5	" And besides , what 's our exit strategy ? "
tr	11	What is going to happen to them ?
tr	6	" It 's ... all too much , " I gasp .
tr	7	There , hanging in the trees , were the bodies of the wolf pack .
tr	8	We must find this ' searcher ' of theirs . "
tr	11	But you 'll learn something that will make a difference . '
tr	10	On his left was Raven who was grinning at them .
tr	8	Those were the last words she ever spoke .
tr	9	We 'll get to the bottom of it . "
tr	8	" Trooper Mac sent something special for you Gema , " he whispered .
tr	5	" Hel o , magpie , " was his equal y warm response .
tr	11	She was interrupted by the ringing of a red phone , on a stand by the front door to the apartment .
tr	11	" No " I told the youth who looked all of fourteen .
tr	6	" Okay , guys , we 're all yours , " I said , smiling .
tr	6	" Maybe the danger isn 't here yet , but the danger is coming .
tr	8	I took out the red lipstick from my little bag and a little make-up to look fresh .
tr	10	" I telephoned the rector this morning and told him I would meet you here .
tr	10	Why did I look like someone I wasn 't ?
tr	9	I saw the disappointment , the hurt on the lady 's face .
tr	7	" Of course , how else can we turn your spaghetti arms into water pumps ? "
tr	11	His heart raced so fast he worried it might rupture .
tr	9	All that really mattered to her now was her family .
tr	8	" To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit ? "
tr	6	' Finish him , Abel , ' he said coldly .
tr	7	Her gaze , filled with question , never left his .
tr	8	Dad and Mike cleaned out most of the local pharmacies and medical offices after everyone else was gone .
tr	5	Inside she found a fur coat .
tr	7	In the midst of combat , I only held him .
tr	8	Neil began to feel guilty .
tr	8	" Fifteen miles to target 48,000 feet , 690 knots .
tr	9	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle stretched their muscles to get them loose .
tr	8	" I ... " The impressive luster of the gilded room died .
tr	10	" Ask your doctor if X is right for you . "
tr	9	Around the periphery of the room on the floor stood plastic storage bins .
tr	9	That 's why I brought it to you . "
tr	6	My life will be safe .
tr	9	What had her father said ?
tr	10	The Talisman must be in physical contact with its holder to function .
tr	8	They landed and for the first time in four months , she was back on solid ground .
tr	9	Something that made her happy ?
tr	9	We 've no proof of that yet -- it 's only speculation .
tr	11	" I do not think you have money enough for hotel . "
tr	11	Do you have any news for me ? "
tr	9	" So , it means that potentially I will never meet him ! "
tr	10	" You went over to Hank 's house that night , didn 't you ?
tr	10	Cera inquired , doing so simply to get a rise .
tr	10	Asked Fergus , who pointed towards Valeria .
tr	8	They were not old , per se , but in comparison they stood out .
tr	6	Brushing the morbid thought aside , I lifted the note and unfolded the soft velvet cloth .
tr	8	Worry about work or where their next paycheck was coming from .
tr	9	Abby fished out from her backpack , sort of a folder .
tr	6	Eduardo sniffed loudly , but his face lit up .
tr	7	The knobby stones dug into my knees and I shined the light down at them .
tr	7	Some kind of aura , but it was dark ... evil ... " " You remember nothing , " Frey said .
tr	9	Neither of them could remember when they 'd last eaten .
tr	11	" And will the young master be staying for lunch , Sir ? "
tr	9	Neil watched them both , and he decided to press his advantage .
tr	7	Despite his violent nature , Joe could be a very patient and meticulous person .
tr	10	Which he was about to enter .
tr	10	They believed he would betray his friends for parental recognition .
tr	8	" Knows what he 's doing . "
tr	9	He concludes , snatching the vials instantly and sauntering toward the door .
tr	8	Harold obviously expected Nathan to break the silence .
tr	8	This was out of his area of expertise .
tr	11	And ... You are the only person who understands me , especially what I am . "
tr	8	He was face down , apparently clutching something to his body .
tr	11	Even knowing that the late king and his brother were twins , it still gave me pause to actually glimpse Phillip .
tr	10	Nathan grabbed Harold and a couple of horses and headed north from the center of the park .
tr	11	How much further do you think we have to go ? "
tr	5	" Quickly go and check , " the order rang out .
tr	8	Does she resent having steel when she has the pillars ?
tr	8	The Russian is flying back by chopper tonight , they want him back immediately .
tr	9	He wanted to pull her closer , his body aching for her warmth next to him .
tr	10	' That 'll give us time to get upstairs .
tr	5	The spitting , hateful noise echoed up and down the corridor .
tr	8	' Nothing that won 't heal , ' Victor said gruffly .
tr	10	He hesitated with the child , but reminded himself this was a demon , not a boy .
tr	7	I couldn 't rip my eyes away from the photo .
tr	9	cursed the Prince with the little air he 'd managed to take in .
tr	11	Everyone rushed with joy to free them from their fetters and help them out on to the bank .
tr	9	For a while they could hear her begging , crying and screaming , but without any help .
tr	6	The woman 's dark , bloodless head snapped towards him .
tr	8	I was too young to die .
tr	5	" Well , no ... " " Well , shit , I suppose not . "
tr	6	She shook her head , unsure , " It was just a girl . "
tr	11	She shook her head , slid the action forward and heard the sounds of the bullets dropping into the chamber .
tr	10	Well in my case it now seems to be for about six months .
tr	7	" Yeah , yeah , " Rift counters , rolling his eyes .
tr	5	Not with his sad smiles and mischief eyes .
tr	7	Dane , Monti , and Cole return to the vehicle and take off their protective gear .
tr	11	But he is convinced Manuel understands him and continues with the lessons .
tr	10	I opened my mouth but I didn 't know what to say .
tr	5	" Tall , dark hair , an obnoxious swagger .
tr	8	He turned to look and she was standing right beside him .
tr	9	" Why would he plan to kill you ? "
tr	11	" I 've just returned from delivering a batch of potions .
tr	9	He continued to walk I followed .
tr	8	Gabe refused to believe this .
tr	7	His posture took on a more aggressive rigidity .
tr	8	An ugly looking scar runs down his right cheek reaching to his chiseled jaw .
tr	9	Did she think they would find David ?
tr	6	Dad sat straighter and his voice became sharp .
tr	9	Hopefully -- because Earth was now left with no defensive force .
tr	9	She impacts the opposite wall ; her head making a sickening thud as it cracks against the metal bulkhead .
tr	7	Suddenly he was by my side , his fingers digging into my arm .
tr	5	The jungle is my friend and companion .
tr	8	Figured them to be friendlies .
tr	9	He jumped to his feet and turned , charged and threw himself against his enemy as the two fell backwards .
tr	9	Six men were visible , only one of them looking in his general direction .
tr	8	Malcolm smiled , his eyes glued to the screen .
tr	8	When she asked , he explained shortly : " When we die , we go to the heavens .
tr	7	" Why did you leave the documents out for me ? "
tr	7	I could hear tension , not fear , in his voice .
tr	8	She 'd just done something very foolish , and to no purpose .
tr	7	Broken bottles , crushed cans , and dirty syringes littered the corridors on the upper floor .
tr	11	He smiled knowing he 'd chosen his successor wisely .
tr	10	Now what do you think of quantum electrodynamics ? "
tr	8	She went on to tell her story .
tr	9	" Daddy is sleeping so it 's ok . "
tr	6	Willie teased with his broad boyish grin .
tr	7	They spent the next three hours watching TV .
tr	5	" Of course not , my Harry is a part-time minister .
tr	7	The land gradually rose and a wooded hill appeared on the skyline .
tr	5	No unfair advantages , just skill versus skill , man versus man , winner takes all . "
tr	10	" Fear is not an emotion to be disparaged , it breeds a dangerous power .
tr	10	The void of conversation yawned between them , demanding to be filled .
tr	10	Gerald asked her why she wasn 't in a private hospital ; surely her medical insurance would cover it .
tr	9	But as the voices got louder , he found himself being jolted awake .
tr	10	" ' Gives people room for acting irrationally .
tr	5	The hammer paused and the big shape turned .
tr	11	And we are not going to let you leave us . "
tr	11	He thrust his hands towards Snow who was astounded and got hit by its pointy edges .
tr	11	Elaina couldn 't help but reach out to tough the flat , cold image of herself .
tr	10	Trevor says that they are much worse than Stolz .
tr	5	Without thinking he opened his closet .
tr	7	I read about electromagnetic pulses in my Science News , " he said .
tr	9	God the Father sent God the Son to die on the cross .
tr	7	said Christy , standing a little taller .
tr	11	Anything you do could have consequences far beyond what you originally intended .
tr	10	There is something buried beneath the skin of each leg .
tr	9	" Er , can you remember the name of the guy holding the rope this morning ? "
tr	10	I figured this was good for now .
tr	5	Your name , " his inner voice repeated angrily .
tr	7	As he stumbled forwards , he trod on the skateboard , lost his balance and fell forwards .
tr	11	Finan settled himself further down on the bed that he might comfortably drift back to sleep .
tr	5	An enormous , freakishly sized wolf , but a wolf nonetheless .
tr	6	A moment later , the sharp nose of a speedboat glided out of the fog off the port bow .
tr	9	The only hope lies in the recovery of the crystal and the uniting of the kingdoms .
tr	5	Everyone else is either dead or out there somewhere . "
tr	8	He sighed deeply at the memory of his mom .
tr	9	Could this be the key to his behavior that she was looking for ?
tr	6	This man wasn 't just a passive victim , he was an active outlaw .
tr	7	He saw the first hint of doubt play across the man 's features .
tr	6	Your friends first , Mira , then you , no matter what it does to me . "
tr	8	He could smell the aroma of the meat as it browned .
tr	10	The train sped off leaving them standing in darkness .
tr	11	" Do you know what you did that day ? "
tr	9	We don 't want to kill you . "
tr	9	" I 'll persuade the prisoner to talk .
tr	7	He has temporarily passed his charge to us .
tr	9	" Let us look , please ? "
tr	7	" You mean , him not acting daft and all ? "
tr	5	At that moment Toby recognised it , and shouted , ' Benjamin !
tr	5	I recognize this guttural cry .
tr	7	As they went south , they were constantly harassed by the Spanish .
tr	6	" OK , " Anna jumped up from the table .
tr	7	Far below her , the Zora people gradually emerge from their homes and conduct their daily routines .
tr	8	" Hah , " he instantly retorts , though his anxiousness grows apparent .
tr	10	" They need good lift to keep them airborne ; they 're big birds .
tr	6	Warm lips filled with electricity .
tr	10	" I do not understand though I will accept your explanation .
tr	10	They rose slowly through a square opening in the deck like a troop of gladiators in an ancient Roman amphitheater .
tr	7	The pain and loss was unbearable at times .
tr	11	" I don 't think she would have done that .
tr	9	As if Dad sensed my doubt , he said , " Hasn 't she always wanted to travel ? "
tr	8	Francesca 's having them for half the time , but they 'll be with me for three weeks . "
tr	11	Cal smiled as his plan began to take shape .
tr	6	One single handful of kettle corn , stretched out over an entire hour . "
tr	9	A forest full of tall trees that had ... golden and red leaves ?
tr	10	Eventually he discovered that bone marrow injected into the spine worked . "
tr	8	If any of you are armed , I must have your weapons . "
tr	9	He found what he was looking for .
tr	6	" But not in front of the children .
tr	7	Halfway across , the ground dipped into a slope and turning sideways , they slid down onto level ground .
tr	10	She had told him he was too young to play with her friends .
tr	7	Robinson replied with a grin , " Just us mates , here , " she said with a wink .
tr	7	And that woman -- that vile , joyless , noble woman -- had done the deed .
tr	10	Is he going to pull it off ? '
tr	8	He fumbled with the backpack and got the skull out and placed it on the stump and waited .
tr	8	He turned his bland look away , putting a hand over his forehead .
tr	7	Finally , she speaks again and when she does it is with a deep , cold voice .
tr	6	The older woman stuck her hand out and they shook .
tr	5	Next to her was her friend and co-worker , " Doctor " Aliyah Williams .
tr	10	" If we don 't go now we 'll have to put it off until tomorrow . "
tr	7	It was small and soft and cold , and it made the pain deep in my chest start up again .
tr	6	" ... " Karl didn 't reply , he just bit the biscuit and munched it .
tr	7	That is what he wanted .
tr	5	' No I wasn 't ; not nearly . '
tr	8	" I hoped my mom was down here .
tr	11	" There is nowhere that I would be safe from him ! "
tr	6	" She is not the XO , by the way . "
tr	10	She was afraid , trembling in the grip of some dire terror .
tr	9	He turned away from the captain and said , " You didn 't do too bad yourself .
tr	11	What reason would he give them for his room being targeted by the burglars ?
tr	11	Claire peered at the man behind the desk and tried to make sense of the question .
tr	9	He demands more than asks , leaning over the table and staring at the boy .
tr	9	There was nothing else to be done , she could not kick , could not thrash about at all .
tr	9	She could see him behind her , frowning unhappily at the floor .
tr	8	Even during this stressful situation Drake 's slow , sluggish dialogue refused to speed up .
tr	6	" You don 't know , " I whisper .
tr	7	From the opposite direction unexpectedly and ' without his permission ' came a heavily loaded lorry .
tr	10	You 're always thinking you 've discovered something .
tr	8	Black Scorpion 's fire began to burn , and he sat there and enjoyed the old woman 's squirrel .
tr	6	Sky 's eyes lit up and then died , like a short-lived supernova .
tr	10	Carlos had just gotten his motorcycle onto the trailer along with Kendall and Logan 's .
tr	7	The mixture of pink and purple creates a potent magenta hue , illuminating the entire area .
tr	11	said Sarah as she told the boys this last bit of not-so-good information .
tr	5	' I will , Mr Love , ' she said quietly but firmly .
tr	9	" Together we can wield the power of a God to destroy our enemies .
tr	10	I asked her without showing signs of hostility .
tr	9	The worn trail was now cloaked in an ominous heaviness as if they were trespassing .
tr	9	I have to get going . "
tr	9	Keep her steady while I check will you . "
tr	9	Titles ranged from cheap pulp paperbacks to elaborate treatises on global political systems .
tr	6	" Do you like him ? "
tr	6	The young woman was back with another pitcher .
tr	7	" What can I do for ya ' ? "
tr	9	Dad smoothed my ruffled shirt with a gentle touch and traced my cheek with the back of his fingers .
tr	10	The imp was here to steal Gordon 's string of sigils .
tr	6	He got a six point buck last year , " Kevin said .
tr	6	" I 'll find the money somehow .
tr	8	She held out her arms and gathered me into a hug and kissed both my cheeks .
tr	11	" I don 't think you can do that , " she says .
tr	10	Then suddenly she began to be given additional responsibilities and more and more petty checks and so on .
tr	8	I needed to have the same conviction .
tr	6	one of the delegates asked .
tr	9	Calvin stopped scrubbing to think .
tr	7	" Looking for this ? "
tr	9	He expected it would open any moment .
tr	8	His hand began to glow green where he held the cane .
tr	6	he asked more to himself than anyone else .
tr	6	More men , some in cars , some just standing there , all over the parking lot .
tr	7	" Thanks for the food , " she said in a small voice , glad right now for any small kindness .
tr	8	said Gustav while he cleared the breakfast table .
tr	8	" They have wine in the dorm if you want some . "
tr	8	home for me anyway , about 12 days steaming again dependent upon the weather , " he said smiling .
tr	9	Do you want to ? "
tr	10	Please no smoking , or drinking my vodka once you are inside the beer can ! "
tr	11	' Gema 's job ; ' he resented the pleasure she got out of it .
tr	5	" Not a bad idea , " said William .
tr	7	" Okay , then Sara , it 's your turn , " Isis said as Sara smiled and Kara frowned .
tr	5	" Oh , well , I mean , we 're underground .
tr	9	Countryside people , especially Americans , had proven to be far more confounding .
tr	6	" Yeah , sure , " Daniel said and they left .
tr	6	" Look , Ethan , I appreciate your help and everything last night , but seriously I 'm okay .
tr	7	" Emerald Fire , " she heard Onyx 's voice then and opened her eyes in surprise .
tr	6	Those eyes ... hazel eyes with dark green flecks , like the old lady 's eyes .
tr	8	Phillip pursed his lips and looked towards Logan and me .
tr	11	With another day to spend , Gan decided to put the time to use .
tr	11	I just hope I become skilled enough to use advanced magic . "
tr	8	Anna came out of the house with a tray of drinks .
tr	9	Pierre and Roberto looked at each other briefly before they placed their attention back on him .
tr	7	Pulling her mask from her face , she anxiously reported , " Doctors , you 'd better hurry .
tr	9	" My experience wasn 't any different than that of most other survivors .
tr	8	Rafe was startled by such injustice and angry words sprang to his lips .
tr	7	" A few months ago , I was down in the Dream Valley and I happened across a man .
tr	9	" Well that 's nothing another drink won 't fix .
tr	9	" Will you go to London tomorrow do you think ? "
tr	5	" Okay , more than a handful , I take it . "
tr	7	" So it is , so it is , " said the bear quite ruefully as the centaur explained things .
tr	9	A dog barked and ran to meet them .
tr	10	" Let me go talk to my group and get my family , " Nathan said .
tr	10	I was going to go with her .
tr	7	A low voice called from outside the door to her receiving room .
tr	9	He waved an errant hand in the air , sending the smoke twirling " Oh , what else ?
tr	5	" You did really well , though . "
tr	10	Send me an email or text once you know what your plans are .
tr	6	Could it be a but , an alas , or an unfortunately ?
tr	11	" Well , old friend , what do you think our chances are ? "
tr	8	Put him in the mural room for now .
tr	7	A stunned gasp left the Bastian 's lips : he blinked and went still .
tr	9	she lifted her trusting gaze to him .
tr	9	" I 'll take care of it , " she announced .
tr	9	How glad they were to be in the water !
tr	8	Alfred had sent the administrative assistants home for the day .
tr	11	When the robbers had mentioned that blasphemous song , they had approached the line that separates life from death .
tr	7	Downstairs , there was a loud rap on the front door .
tr	9	Do you love him ? "
tr	9	" You have requested audience with the king , and he shall hear your requests , " said a female voice .
tr	7	Clancy looked down at the crumbled rocks beneath his feet and wrapped his cloak tight around his shoulders .
tr	6	" I appreciate your hospitality , " Alexandra said , " and I mean no offence . "
tr	9	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	6	" In a few years Soldado went off to the merchant marine .
tr	5	" What do you think ? "
tr	9	George has done better than any of us since we all retired .
tr	8	I shouted above the noise of the rotors .
tr	10	Only Magic Words had that kind of understated energy in Little Spirit 's set .
tr	7	Lilly Ann looked at him thoughtfully and hesitated for a moment .
tr	10	Something clicked as the thoughts ran through her mind , one after another .
tr	11	We find something to sit on and rest for about half an hour .
tr	8	He wasn 't a very big guy , but he had a dangerous look about him .
tr	7	I hooked my arms under his shoulders and pulled .
tr	10	A murmured exchange followed , during which the word " procedure " was repeated several times in German .
tr	11	I 'm glad our folks are letting us share .
tr	7	From the haze of hunger and blighted memory , he could see her insanity .
tr	9	The sound of hooves beating upon the stone roadways seems thunderous , the otherwise silent town void of any activity .
tr	10	" Oh , sorry to keep you on your feet , " Old Claw apologized .
tr	6	" Miss Gray , Master Will is - " " Master Will is right here . "
tr	11	I haven 't done more than a petty caster since you came to me , child . "
tr	10	The figure rose up before them stopping but a few steps away .
tr	9	He wanted to sit and think of his next move .
tr	10	I thought your flirtations were part of the game .
tr	6	In a flash , Cordelia 's police revolver was in her hand .
tr	11	It made me more resolved to get home .
tr	8	As they approached , the girls stalled , with Kaylie stepping forward slightly .
tr	6	" Give me a few minutes , " I say and turn my h * ps to the side .
tr	8	It 's ... well , his mind is going , I 'm afraid .
tr	8	Preparing a carriage for immediate departure under the king 's business and orders . "
tr	11	" So here is what I need for you to do .
tr	8	Leaving the zoologist to his fate , the two turned and began walking along the bluff .
tr	11	They saw you when you first arrived and they saw you leave .
tr	8	Several miles along , the women rode with him when he approached Gan again .
tr	11	Her lanterns gave them enough light to follow and get as close as possible .
tr	6	A black man with a beard and large protruding teeth came up to them .
tr	8	Thank you for downloading this free ebook .
tr	8	She was kicking her heels and her face was lit up by a large white smile .
tr	10	Never say anything that might compromise you .
tr	5	" Eat shit , " Snow Job grunted .
tr	7	Laurence 's mom asked me , on her name Jane Mill .
tr	7	A wary look came into Eda 's eyes .
tr	8	As they passed the Captain 's Cove , Chris heard something else familiar .
tr	10	He could tell he was traveling south .
tr	8	Uncle Jeff turned to them both and smiled , " I 'm not surprised .
tr	11	And having got through it once you 'll be better equipped to get through it a second time .
tr	6	One after another they fell away from the ship .
tr	8	I 'd never realized how many personal questions Dad asks .
tr	7	Even bakery cookies would do in a pinch .
tr	10	Raymond ignored him , " We don 't have a lot of time .
tr	8	said Lex stepping in between Gary and Tommy .
tr	7	" Which way shall we take this morning , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	6	A moment later , eight arrows descended almost as one from the rooftops to either side .
tr	7	" Our country will help you , " John said .
tr	11	These guys are all too similar , he mused as he went back to massaging his bruised scalp .
tr	7	There in the half dark of a Scandinavian summer night a large wave was racing straight for the dragon ship .
tr	7	There is blood everywhere , but no wounds , " she looked into Lizzie 's eyes intensely .
tr	5	" They left all those magnificent ruins behind , right ? "
tr	10	He didn 't fancy risking his friendship with her again .
tr	8	How to describe the song .
tr	8	The word meant nothing to me ; I 'd never heard of a ' human ' .
tr	8	A maximum security prison with an electric fence , and a deep moat full of man eating sharks . "
tr	10	Rafe had a sudden suspicion that they were no longer talking of the same thing .
tr	11	Noah put his arm around her tentatively , watching her to make sure it as ok .
tr	5	" Wizard , maybe we train together soon , yes ? "
tr	8	They followed the winding creek , its gurgling and bubbling sounds making for a pleasant background .
tr	5	" Hey ... " " Did you let the cat in ? "
tr	6	Now all is lost , " she concludes with another coughing fit .
tr	11	This is the first time you 've lied to me .
tr	11	Are you going to shoot the mountain ? "
tr	9	, kissed me on the cheek and skipped down the road giggling .
tr	11	He wondered if that was the understatement of the year before going on .
tr	11	I 'm so hungry I could eat something healthy . "
tr	11	The enemy " soldiers " posted in the windows were animatronic robots purchased from a toy store .
tr	8	She forces herself to breath normally .
tr	10	" It is only that I did not mean it like that . "
tr	8	" I lied to you , " Harald said , his breath also turning to white fog .
tr	7	" In short , major , we need you , " said Anderson .
tr	8	100 metres later , the bullet found its flight environment change from air to soft tissue and began to tumble .
tr	9	The way the sound echoed , she determined that they must be underground .
tr	8	Before the injections Mac had undoubtedly been stronger than Lynn , but now they were evenly matched .
tr	10	I needed to stop this from happening .
tr	8	" Fireworks might indicate a party of some sort .
tr	9	Her hands were waving excitedly as she described technical details .
tr	11	The hills were perpendicular to the way they were traveling .
tr	8	He lived in a prison , a cell without walls , but still very real .
tr	11	He was so close that Rafe could see with incredible clarity the overlapping feathers on his bright red chest .
tr	7	Nathan laughed , " We 're not there yet . "
tr	6	" Never mind , " said one of the women , " that was a prop plane , anyway . "
tr	7	Many girls when the heard the truth they left me alone .
tr	5	Arcadia 's receptionist was a bright woman , always smiling .
tr	10	' Thank God you 've made it .
tr	8	I knocked softly on the door , waiting bored but no answer .
tr	6	Maybe not a complete monster after all .
tr	7	He looked like a corpse , and I was very shocked .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	8	' This might work out after all , ' he thought .
tr	7	I have disappointed you and brought shame to our noble house . "
tr	6	" True , but in his case the illness is in an easy form .
tr	10	Finally , she will softly hum the melody of the reeds in Hyrule Field .
tr	7	An image of her was burned into my eyes with hot redness .
tr	7	Maybe you can show her then , " Trae answered .
tr	6	" Hello mother , yes I am ... no , I am not ok .
tr	9	David leaned back in his chair and sipped on his cup of tea .
tr	11	" Meet me in my office in two minutes , " she whispered to her .
tr	10	He shifted and experimentally tilted his head against hers so that they leaned against each other .
tr	11	They did however , manage to transmit a short data stream back to the surface .
tr	7	" Better than cable , Christy , I can display any program or movie ever made .
tr	5	" God bless ... paranoid Libertarians . "
tr	9	There was no need to consult him .
tr	11	" I 'm sorry I got you into this , " said Mac .
tr	7	He searched for me and did not recognise me .
tr	7	Both men stopped eating and looked at him in amazement .
tr	7	Her mind drifted back to that tunnel ... It was all fading ... the sun leaching out her strength .
tr	6	A haggard , yet finely dressed man entered the game .
tr	7	Fortunately however they were not far from the shore and soon reached dry land .
tr	10	It seemed to him that they contained a sympathy of sorts .
tr	8	He pulled up his sleeve , revealing a long scar along the entire forearm .
tr	8	" Many are , if you look close enough . "
tr	7	He stood and walked to the north side alone , and wept .
tr	6	They get all sad and angry at the same time .
tr	9	As to how I got this number -- don 't ask .
tr	5	A familiar , now almost comforting , chill ran up his spine .
tr	11	He was one of the main players behind the incidents in Europe . '
tr	10	It felt strange to talk to him .
tr	11	Are you saying Hell is an actual place ? "
tr	10	The taking will never stop until someone puts a stop to it . "
tr	10	I shall hope to see you after the raid . "
tr	9	Tim tried to break into his thoughts .
tr	5	" All this time ... all those monsters I 've killed .
tr	9	The going was difficult after the luxury of the hunting shack .
tr	9	It 's what I would have done .
tr	10	But there wasn 't time to indulge in self-pity .
tr	9	They were swearing an oath of dedication to the Devil Spirit of the underworld .
tr	7	Let me give you some background . "
tr	7	Maggie heard the general put the receiver down and brought herself back to the present .
tr	7	" Are you kidding me ?
tr	9	And Ben so wanted that they would all be friends again .
tr	8	He strained against the chains past the point of pain .
tr	5	" Yeah , sure , straight ahead past the soda machine , then right . "
tr	8	No wonder she wasn 't here .
tr	5	In the Old Tongue , the word meant " white death . "
tr	9	" Whatever it is , I do not know what it could be . "
tr	8	Maybe I 'll just stay in my clothes , she thought .
tr	9	It is illegal to badly mistreat a slave . "
tr	8	I said , keeping my tone neutral .
tr	9	We have to be quick , " he said .
tr	8	the Prince said harshly , reasserting control over his mind .
tr	11	Beverly frowns , and then pushes Wayland , forcing him to lie back on her bed .
tr	8	" Wait , that was you ? "
tr	11	I think it was starting to work .
tr	7	I gather up my clothes and escape to the bathroom .
tr	7	He gave the saber a quick downward thrust , and the links of the chain parted .
tr	11	She thought she could hear a chuckle behind her , but she refused to turn round .
tr	8	" We have shared many messages over the past months , " said Alfred .
tr	11	The coach gave Alex a wink and a ' thumbs up ' for her effort in helping Jodie .
tr	9	In his main cabin sat huge stacks of books , books on every subject matter .
tr	10	He thanked Sam for putting Little Spirit on the guest list .
tr	11	There was more to worry about than animals , more than arrowheads .
tr	11	They held their breath in vain : the monitor continued to report a single monotone sound of flat line .
tr	9	" Hey , " he said , walking toward her and smiling .
tr	11	" Do you know where she is , Alexa ? "
tr	7	The results of the gunshot , she thought , her stomach roiling .
tr	8	' Hubert was a Professor in molecular genetics , ' said Anna .
tr	9	It 'll take me two secs to saddle everybody up . "
tr	6	The force of the impact threw Joe back against the dock .
tr	7	Sable lined the sleeves of his thick winter robe .
tr	8	If you have slain her , there is naught in the forest to harm you .
tr	7	His clientele all looked normal , some were families , some were all men , but all looked like normal tourists .
tr	7	she cried , sitting bolt upright .
tr	6	" Stop , " I yelled to him getting off the smooth ground .
tr	11	The firestorm quickly subsides , revealing the barren wasteland the ninja has created .
tr	8	She took my hand and we went into the living room , I felt blushing again .
tr	9	She remains perfectly composed with a slight smile on her lips .
tr	10	She steps from behind the screen , clad now in a black abaya and a mask .
tr	7	Soon the train arrived at the frontier with all its border guards and other officials .
tr	7	Dave agreed and they followed the tunnel to the large cavern .
tr	11	He rolled his eyes and pulled the door open , preparing to step inside , and gasped .
tr	8	The speedboat 's waves had long ago washed against the riverbank and the river surface was glass smooth again .
tr	7	Despite a thorough search of the ruins , the sailors found no other survivors .
tr	6	The whole world was an unknown now , and the ' what ifs ' were astounding .
tr	6	They were here , Simon , Brady , Lottie , Zan , Will , Audrey , Trish and Max .
tr	5	" Yield or your master dies ! "
tr	5	" Just listen , " she whispered .
tr	11	She follows the red energy beams to the emitters in the dock ceiling .
tr	8	" Let 's hope so , " Camden found himself whispering to Percival .
tr	10	Her father assured her he would and wished her a safe journey .
tr	9	Tori and Daniel ran down stairs and met Tracy in front of the door .
tr	7	But he still has Sarina ... " Do not do that again .
tr	8	Now it serves as little more than a reminder of his failure .
tr	9	" This is not how I remember it tasting . "
tr	5	In fact , she was rather pale and grim .
tr	5	" Did you get ' em , little brother ? "
tr	8	All eyes watched him as he departed and then they turned back to each other .
tr	9	Of course , there must have been many more guns in town at one time .
tr	6	The sleeves of his rough cotton shirt were too long and hid his hands .
tr	9	" That is why I hid in the lower deck .
tr	10	The sooner we can wipe them out of the universe the better .
tr	10	His beady eyes glistened and his sensitive whiskers twitched until the shivering stopped and he fell asleep again .
tr	5	" Your real name , not the one they call you here . "
tr	6	I dared to peek around the corner .
tr	11	" Because ... because Julie wants to tell us .
tr	7	I 'd be a daughter and rescue my mom .
tr	9	she called back happily as she strutted off with Jessica to the locker room .
tr	6	That captain , Roberto , what a beast ! "
tr	7	Stone was dumbstruck by this casually uttered revelation .
tr	8	Mark himself was later accepted into West Point , and graduated in 1950 .
tr	7	Less than nothing , he thought .
tr	6	" Just doing stuff in my room . "
tr	9	" She isn 't anyone 's friend , least of all mine , " Aria replies .
tr	9	" Prepare to go to manual controls ! "
tr	11	Jane realized she 'd forgotten to breathe .
tr	10	I only said , " the Goddess starts , quick to defend herself .
tr	7	I placed the front point into a tiny crack and pulled hard .
tr	9	" Thanks for not wasting anymore of my time , " Jason growls .
tr	8	He gave him back his sight .
tr	8	When she came to the port side , she noticed a figure in the shadows .
tr	6	It felt good , like a spin class after a tricky board meeting .
tr	8	How about it , Neil ? "
tr	9	Need her to stop trying .
tr	8	" Will you have me tonight ? "
tr	9	" Because Vampires are much less aggressive than us , Johnny .
tr	10	She found herself afraid to look up .
tr	7	" If you didn 't notice , there 's a mountain range just north of the city .
tr	9	Next , three flights will carry loads with 4.1 tons of distilled water .
tr	8	As he rolled to his side , Steve too felt a prickling sensation .
tr	7	We got ourselves into a little fight with the Mexicans there , but I didn 't even get off a shot .
tr	6	After the third period they gathered in the cafeteria for lunch .
tr	7	It swerved sharply , its wing mirror grazing a lamp post .
tr	8	We have to run away . "
tr	11	' Dave 's privy to insider knowledge from another friend who works for Gallup .
tr	5	Hendricks laughs and kicks the fallen human .
tr	10	Small , brown , with mangy fur , the hungry canine trotted along the road that ran past the hotel .
tr	6	Forceps , " Dr. Warner requested with an almost frantic tone .
tr	9	" You Americans , " she said looking up at the hangar roof and rolling her eyes .
tr	8	Their status board was far better than the display up on the observation deck .
tr	10	Nate tried to get as much information as he could .
tr	9	Reggie could not disagree more ; he believed appearances were even more vital now .
tr	8	Worn couches and old chairs were strewn around without any apparent thought or design .
tr	10	I really only need the memory ... why did you give me the CPUs and the radio and network capabilities ? "
tr	9	' I 'm afraid that 's impossible .
tr	6	" I can be quite a handful ! "
tr	7	You are not here to gossip .
tr	10	She had to disgorge the ground crew before we arrived .
tr	10	" We must make the last of the journey in haste . "
tr	7	So , he laid that pen aside , picked up another , and signed his name to the next contract .
tr	9	I want to grab its soft body in my fist and squeeze .
tr	9	It was time to move on .
tr	10	It was Fuchs ' own fault ; no one needed to punish you two .
tr	10	They thus reflected the light at various angles making the interior of the building invisible .
tr	7	Kendall was shocked , but snatched out his hand and grabbed at the bill .
tr	8	" Don 't worry about that Viv ... you 'll work it off in the barns .
tr	11	I wanted to watch how it was done .
tr	9	Ali stood there , unable to speak .
tr	8	" Stace , what 's up ?
tr	8	Wolf Eyes said , " It would be most tragic .
tr	11	Every inch of ground I am gaining is a danger , a ... " -- what was the word ?
tr	8	He removed her petticoat , pressing kisses on her flat stomach .
tr	7	The tech cleared his throat and retreated silently in the background .
tr	6	It was a building down by the river , on a steep brick street .
tr	8	He said casually , flashing her a confident smile .
tr	8	A moment later , he replaced a pencil into the coat and pressed a small piece of paper into my palm .
tr	10	Instead she waited for him to make eye contact , and then she smiled .
tr	5	Come on , let 's go . "
tr	11	Best you just use one of our maps to avoid confusion . "
tr	6	Carefully stepping over the uneven stone , Beth unconsciously held out the gleaming sword before her .
tr	7	Baran on point , Gunner on rear guards , no guns unless I say . "
tr	11	You didn 't seem at all surprised by what I was saying . "
tr	10	" I took some of Mommy 's shirts , " Sidney admitted and tugged on the t-shirt she was wearing .
tr	11	" You will have to enter the City of the Dead alone .
tr	5	Congratulations Prince , King , Emperor Rann , Your Royal Highness , Your Highest Majesty , Sire , and Sir .
tr	6	" It 's show time , " Tori whispered to herself .
tr	11	You see , they never tell me anything that I do not need to know .
tr	9	The stores dry up , and the road becomes more playful , sneaking cracks and potholes under our wheels .
tr	8	The figure wears an expressionless mask , and adorned upon his cloak is a sort of yin-yang symbol .
tr	7	My friends have either abandoned me , been killed , or never existed .
tr	5	Then , after a small hesitation , she added , " Tonight . "
tr	5	' Is this your work also , Gandalf , my friend ? '
tr	7	His family had made it here .
tr	10	Claire 's ears buzzed as she tried to think .
tr	7	You have already identified the two teenagers , the trainers , and the director . "
tr	8	It was also too late to withdraw .
tr	9	Her formal tone made Connor feel a bit uncomfortable .
tr	8	Daggers made from it are good for throwing , not much else .
tr	10	" Of course , just don 't expect all your dreams to come true , " he said carefully .
tr	7	Surely the HS wasn 't reading Latin poetry in his spare time .
tr	8	Archie was taken aback by Andy 's anger .
tr	6	Yet , she was still just a young girl , and he a trained soldier .
tr	7	Llama turned to him and shrugged .
tr	7	You listening to me ? "
tr	8	Mark was looking back at the wreckage now , as he spoke .
tr	11	That is all I have to offer .
tr	10	Are you starting to remember ? "
tr	10	The soon-to-be emperor finally turned and started to walk toward them .
tr	6	His face is all cheekbones and smooth planes .
tr	7	" You don 't offer much , Roberto .
tr	10	" We need to get this show on the road , " said William .
tr	7	I won 't give up , can 't give up .
tr	7	Edwin ran forwards and grabbed the Tome , but Maddy screamed and brought her fists together .
tr	5	" Hmmmm ... " " So what 's the story ? "
tr	9	We spoke with Simon , and he left to prepare the last arrangements .
tr	10	I don 't think we came in this way .
tr	9	Edie May led him into the book hall , clapped her hands and the lights came on .
tr	11	" If that is how you feel , Finan , you know I will not force you , " answered Rafe .
tr	5	" Any second now , " Jason states confidently .
tr	10	I 'd like to go too , " said Andy .
tr	9	He needed to go find the emulators .
tr	6	" She 's so sweet , " Sydney said into my head .
tr	9	What was she , compared to the others ?
tr	10	I turn around to see Victoria walking in .
tr	11	" He might be hurt somewhere and needing me to come . "
tr	10	What would the fellows say if they hear about this ?
tr	9	So you talked to the Secretary 's secretary and she told you ... Hold on .
tr	8	The ensign on the top of the main mast certainly was her father 's crest .
tr	10	This was bigger than he could handle alone .
tr	10	Be assured that Lord Rafe is more than capable . "
tr	5	So she mucked , cleaned , brushed , hauled , fed , and watered .
tr	11	He 'd seen Andy the day he dealt with the bullies .
tr	11	Thinking of what Amber said about being evil .
tr	10	The door opened after a few minutes of shouting and a guard pushed his head in to glare at them .
tr	11	Well , they said that something is going on in the tunnel that we saw .
tr	6	Again , as frustrating as it is , it 's not unusual . "
tr	8	If you do it out of instinct , are you any less culpable ?
tr	5	" No , that place isn 't a good idea , either . "
tr	11	If asked he would have said it was a mark of respect .
tr	8	" Please sit and have a cuppa , you 'll be tired from your ride in from town . "
tr	6	" Watch that underbrush on the right . "
tr	8	Some minor alteration , some unseen seal has been set upon this gateway during his absence .
tr	9	A breeze drifted through bringing fresh air to the stale room .
tr	11	Drew complied as Angelique drew a deep breath to make her announcement .
tr	11	This was cold comfort for Andy , because he really was in a lot of pain .
tr	7	We 've important business for the king . "
tr	6	From his sandy blond hair and blue eyes , to the navy shorts that hit midway up his muscular thighs .
tr	8	Perhaps Eda was right and this was just as hard for him .
tr	8	His curiosity got the best of him ; he set the coffee aside and pulled the tab on the envelope .
tr	9	" How do you know if you don 't try ? "
tr	5	Three rounds of the needle .
tr	9	" Glad to see you made it . "
tr	8	" Destroy the chopper and whoever came to investigate , " Melody replied .
tr	8	This is everything I own .
tr	10	" Unfortunately , son , that was no clown who wrote and posted this note .
tr	10	They moved slowly at first careful to keep their presence a secret .
tr	9	A woman 's voice called back , even as the speaker leaned over the rail .
tr	6	" The entire school is here , Abby , " Riley laughs , " You could have guessed . "
tr	7	Two men in black dashed out of the mosque and past him , each carrying an ornate jewelry box .
tr	9	Instead of setting their minds at rest we only succeeded in frightening them , " Ben shouted .
tr	9	Lace asked , breathing heavily as she ran .
tr	9	Red rises , his eyes glowing like fire , his rifle thundering .
tr	7	" I don 't know really , " Taylor answered truthfully .
tr	11	The rest were all the type of horse meant for parades and public showings .
tr	9	Once an area is totally sealed , air and air pressure will be pumped in for human habitation .
tr	7	Frank dropped into the lounger opposite Kim and Ellen joined them .
tr	10	He didn 't respond ; instead he spun on the spot and ran away , disappearing into the crowd .
tr	11	He covered her hand with his for a moment before bending to help Leclerc .
tr	11	Let her believe she loved him .
tr	7	' He has already died sixteen times , ' she whispered .
tr	8	Claire reached for the remote and turned up the volume ; the dulcet tones of Rapunzel drowning out the drumming beat .
tr	10	He was brought back by the Spirit of the Hawk as it flew in circles over him .
tr	7	Not a single soul was in sight and the street felt like a ghost town .
tr	11	He now has time to make a run for the vents .
tr	9	I thought I was in the wrong place .
tr	8	After graduating from Rosemary High School he went into the Professional Writing program at McEwan University in Edmonton Alberta .
tr	8	He proceeded to lay out detailed directions .
tr	10	They knew she continued to resist .
tr	7	He was going out on his own terms .
tr	7	I lifted up my mask and looked the coward eye to eye .
tr	10	Sometimes he wondered if they 'd ever seriously fight for dominance .
tr	6	" I remember now , " he said .
tr	11	I 'll appreciate anything you can tell me . "
tr	7	The Angel sat them down in some comfortable armchairs and went off somewhere .
tr	9	They felt like they had been there a long time .
tr	9	Those days were filled with horrific scenes of death and survival .
tr	7	Jeff 's training continued for the next few hours with various other crewmen and in various scenarios .
tr	6	" Please , just a few more steps , " the woman said .
tr	8	" Oh don 't you worry little miss big ears . "
tr	10	Michael and Ben observed how things were in those days and their amazement knew no bounds .
tr	10	" But what does this have to do with the stock market ? "
tr	9	Thin cuts and thicker furrows where the skin has grown over .
tr	6	He had a thick , reddish-brown beard and dark eyebrows .
tr	8	Yet , not everything was bad Nathan noted .
tr	10	An uneasy feeling settled in his stomach as he closed the door of their cabin .
tr	8	Jac -- " Fuchs cuffed her , and the exclamation died on her lips .
tr	10	" You would be wise to avoid me .
tr	11	She began to worry she was cursed .
tr	10	Jack Carson was not at Mike 's house out of the kindness of his heart .
tr	10	A text message sent to all military personnel flashed on Mac 's Imp .
tr	11	The ship is on its way to join the wreckage from Roswell .
tr	10	What has happened to the rest of your team ?
tr	11	" Let yourself be taken to a land of happiness . "
tr	7	Waiting atop the grisly stage , I watched Kurt exit the carriage .
tr	7	Though they were rested physically , mentally it was not so true .
tr	11	Noah was chuckling when Hailey was brought up to the front .
tr	11	I zoomed in on his table overflowing with samples from his bakery .
tr	9	He had to be strong and punish her .
tr	11	The only time he was ever of any use and it had to be under Rafe 's command .
tr	6	He has quite a broad nose , and glassy , dark brown eyes .
tr	5	" Please call me Rupert . "
tr	10	Jonesy was already pondering how to load the craft .
tr	10	He made sure the truck 's radio was turned off .
tr	8	I walked down toward the only door , and knocked somewhat tentatively , impressed by the stature of it all .
tr	6	The faces of dead friends rose in my mind .
tr	7	All three turned to him , but he did not register their surprise .
tr	10	" She showed up at the airport before we went up to the Hermann . "
tr	6	The automatic , spare clips of ammunition , flashlights , batteries , boxes of matches , strips of magnesium ribbon .
tr	6	" Power output stabilized at 6.3 % by gradient software . "
tr	6	" Mom , " he said again , but this time his voice wouldn 't rise .
tr	7	Our sheer numbers made the voyage dangerous , but we 'd been fortunate .
tr	8	By morning , neither had slept more than an hour and both were frozen to the innermost sinew .
tr	9	One tried to touch her and he balled his fists .
tr	9	And like magic , each time I shot , a bullet would hit exactly where I was aiming .
tr	11	A staff board on the wall indicated that the professor worked in a laboratory two levels up .
tr	7	" You folk have been very helpful in our journey to this point .
tr	8	They did not disturb the blood trail , but hurried on to the village .
tr	9	" If that 's all , " I said , about to tape the girl 's mouth closed .
tr	10	" What are you going to do with it ? "
tr	10	I let the animal rush me , holding my ground .
tr	6	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ At this time , in a distant country , there was a war raging .
tr	8	He completed his circuit of the building and blew air out sharply .
tr	11	An automated voice began a countdown as Frank forced himself to remain calm .
tr	8	I expected something a bit more ... deadly given our meeting yesterday . "
tr	7	The stairwell door slammed shut , then re-opened .
tr	11	She was extraordinarily fortunate to have a son such as Simon .
tr	7	Supporting himself with both arms , he extended first one leg and then the other .
tr	10	Ali ignored the out-of-date message , kept his gun trained on the creature .
tr	10	Picturing the pint-sized warriors he ignored moments ago , Ganondorf turns to find Link standing in their place .
tr	9	She put the lid on top and flicked the switch to start the heater .
tr	6	" Show us the drawing room right away , fool ! "
tr	8	When they reached the fort , my father himself became very sick .
tr	9	I feel an explosion of cooling ecstasy .
tr	9	Whatever you 've got I 'll show you a beautiful woman with it . '
tr	10	One of the men I grabbed just happened to be a midget .
tr	9	I demanded as I pointed fiercely at Mr. No Name .
tr	11	November in Germany is obviously not warm , so I 'd only be able to try once each morning and night .
tr	6	" Besides your clothes , your attitude , and the weapon tucked away near your left armpit ?
tr	5	The man turned and held out his hand .
tr	11	We made it though , " Mai shrugs , not caring for the utter darkness they find themselves in .
tr	11	Rounding the stairs , Rift spots the inevitable , an empty chest hanging open at the platform 's center .
tr	7	" You don 't need the gun , " David said .
tr	9	I should stop worrying about it .
tr	10	" Mr. Reginald Philips has been formally selected to lead the JP .
tr	9	The two roared with laughter as Andy walked towards them .
tr	8	They moved on to the body at the foot of the steps .
tr	9	" Have a look at this and read it carefully , " said Andy .
tr	7	" Is that your new lucky stone or something , Ricky ? "
tr	6	" Sorry about all that fuss and trouble I caused you .
tr	8	When they were younger Ben and Michael had often made drawings of this stunning mountain .
tr	7	Alex and Christy , I want you two to lead .
tr	11	She said , sitting on the edge of the bed , staring at her hands in her lap .
tr	5	" Here , Razor , " Kenzie said and held out her arm .
tr	6	In my own defense , no pun intended , I simply have never met a decent attorney .
tr	6	He smiled at the thought .
tr	9	He could hear the chatter between the investigating squad and their company commander as he moved forward .
tr	9	" Oh , I figured you 'd be fine .
tr	7	" Wait a sec , " she turned and went back into the bathroom .
tr	6	Only a sea of white marquees and a milling throng of people .
tr	10	He simply walked past them , all the while approaching the Elder at the far end of the table .
tr	8	" I think it was Peyton . "
tr	9	I will consider you dead in both body and spirit .
tr	6	' I shot him and that other mongrel immortal . '
tr	5	On her left , an elder grasped her other hand .
tr	8	( With Zombies ) By Greg Apgar Text Copyright 2013 Gregory P. Apgar Smashwords Edition All Rights Reserved .
tr	9	He smiled again before they lapsed into a comfortable silence .
tr	9	If you interact with anyone I expect you to be at your best behavior . "
tr	8	It only showed itself when not directly viewed .
tr	10	" You really expect Finn to come to her place , Da ? "
tr	8	" I shall , and thank you for your trouble , sir . "
tr	9	" Yes , professor , but I am glad to be back home .
tr	10	Without wasting any time he let out a shot , which , I shielded with my knife .
tr	7	The curve of her breasts was visible in perfect roundness under the shirt .
tr	7	" I 'm telling ya , " it 's true , Lex insisted .
tr	6	Tori and Jess went to a fancy new pizza place downtown .
tr	5	Dr. Warner frantically called again .
tr	6	The roar of the gun exploded in the room .
tr	9	Real logs had been set vertically into the ground and their tops had been cut into points .
tr	10	Self preservation won out over loyalty and Tim let Andy go , sliding past the teacher as he went .
tr	8	It was outside Church doctrine , and she didn 't want any more clash than necessary .
tr	9	He walked over to the main door as Bob Cochrane imposed himself on the space .
tr	9	I didn 't know what to do .
tr	9	Without another word he turned off the unit to conserve his batteries .
tr	6	My hand and arm were bandaged , but the stinging was still annoying .
tr	11	' I thought you said he had a sword . '
tr	5	" Never do this again ! "
tr	8	" It was almost an insult that they believed me .
tr	10	It would be nice to have my own family now .
tr	9	She was worst from what he expected .
tr	10	He said radioactivity killed most of them .
tr	11	asked Simon wanting desperately to get his master to a hospital .
tr	7	Plugged into the electrical source , it 's a thinking sniper 's weapon . "
tr	7	Jim smacked the mook with a heavy punch into the stomach and pushed him back into the aisle .
tr	6	We wandered through that wilderness in a daze .
tr	8	The aged Spider squinted to listen over her own labored breathing .
tr	8	Now everything was communicated through runners and bicyclists , causing serious delays .
tr	7	A sickening , writhing movement on the sword told me of my success .
tr	10	Find out who posted the message and inform the ground force commander in D.C. as soon as you get closer .
tr	7	' Yup , a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . '
tr	7	He nodded at her and winked .
tr	7	He had nowhere to go .
tr	6	" Azul , you know that ... " " Yea , I know , you don 't sleep .
tr	9	Conway said , " There were no trees like this . "
tr	8	" It means can you see the problem ? "
tr	9	Needing no more encouragement , we selected several treats and tall glasses of wine before again settling into our chairs .
tr	9	Gabriel fondly clicked the case open , revealing the smooth , honey wood of his violin .
tr	5	" About your ship , I mean ? "
tr	6	" So , John , don 't you ever get tired of all the heat down here ? "
tr	9	The farm was noisy with the antics of his men , some of them drunk , some fighting .
tr	11	I said , " I 'll make it as quick as I can . "
tr	10	" I guess we can only use the keys once , " she shrugs without a hint of disappointment .
tr	8	Hearing footsteps thundering down the corridor , Claire braced herself for a whirlwind of blonde hair and beads .
tr	7	By the rays ' intensity , it must have been hours later .
tr	10	" Don 't worry big boy , that 's not the plan . "
tr	8	He leaned forward , looking directly at the president .
tr	9	Fredericks gave a wolf whistle , " Look what the corporal found ! "
tr	10	Many eyes are now facing the ground and many more are in tears .
tr	5	Obviously , a big enough break defeats the pump .
tr	9	Her face were pale as if she had seen a ghost or something .
tr	10	Remember how we used to be ?
tr	11	With shock , I realized that this entire corridor had been lit by a single window .
tr	6	His face was normal , but his eyes were wide .
tr	7	Nathan aimed his assault rifle at the man and tightened his finger on the trigger .
tr	11	" You ... you will pay for desecrating the body of my favorite student ! "
tr	6	" An ' so , I 'll ask again .
tr	11	" Do you think it 's dead ? "
tr	8	" I never cried you know , " said George looking at her .
tr	5	" No , Mistress , I may not . "
tr	7	This would change both their lives in an instant .
tr	10	" He says you can go to hell . "
tr	11	Which was really odd because I couldn 't believe I forget a second time .
tr	6	Three pancakes , four strips of bacon , a side of hash , one tall OJ .
tr	10	I walked past the reception desk and along to a corridor running behind it .
tr	9	" Cause ... Cause I can 't find other friends .
tr	6	They , too , held rocks and rubble with a solemn look in their eyes .
tr	10	I swayed with dizziness just looking at it , and I gripped Malcolm 's cane .
tr	9	' There 's a strong possibility that the rest of the tunnel is unstable .
tr	7	Rafe 's eyes snapped into a rather cold focus .
tr	9	" What good are you , " she bellows at the women lying throughout the room .
tr	11	I will wake you when we need to leave . "
tr	10	I 'm thinking of expanding even more , trying for a game every weekend instead of twice a month . "
tr	6	Whatever it was , I picked up my skirt , walked up the stairs , and slipped inside .
tr	10	He caught a glimpse of the captain creeping closer to the other building .
tr	11	He did know how to live .
tr	9	" Well , if you want us to stay ... " Barbara trailed off meaningfully , smiling at Simon .
tr	10	It was the end of his life , and all he had to show for it .
tr	10	I can 't wait to show you and Mr. Taylor . "
tr	6	" Yes Glock , so please don 't go , " said Elizabeth , charmingly .
tr	7	The dot started to circle and she stopped humming .
tr	5	" No , " came the abrupt reply .
tr	9	There was silence when Tori finally spoke again .
tr	8	There had never been a discussion of succession or fleet command hierarchy .
tr	7	Even leather balls were found over a thousand years ago . "
tr	11	Ted had no way of knowing how much ammo Joe had .
tr	9	He was able to look out , or rather , down .
tr	8	" Really , " Lilly Ann teased him about his last comment , " that certainly is good to hear .
tr	7	Unless you 're cold and want to -- " " I 'm good . "
tr	11	He would compose a song to honor him , but not today .
tr	7	" Can we buy a ride on this bus ? "
tr	10	Parnell held Cochrane 's gaze as he responded .
tr	7	The bodice was hand-stitched with fine needlework .
tr	7	This was the man behind the name ?
tr	6	" Thanks for the food , " Annabelle said , at last cutting through the quiet .
tr	6	Dora 's neck was his immediate target and she accurately evaded his swing .
tr	7	Simon spread his arm backwards , indicating the mass .
tr	9	I realized that he wasn 't nonsensical , it was his real personality and some how he seemed a good person .
tr	11	His words did not seem to have any heartening effect on his foster brother .
tr	8	He reached something from his sword -- a beautiful necklace was chained into it .
tr	5	The first two periods , English and Math were nothing but talking .
tr	9	Do you love him ? "
tr	10	It appeared to have a multitude of different appliances and gadgets .
tr	10	Not enough to enjoy killing her .
tr	9	His outburst went unnoticed by the rest of the room , and Lord Brogan 's eyes met Rand 's .
tr	5	The three Theological ones are Faith , Hope , and Charity .
tr	7	" Same type of thing we found in the other pit , " said the Pastor .
tr	6	" A few scratches , but I am fine . "
tr	8	Now , hand me that bottle of port , would you , my dear ? "
tr	10	At least not with the ones who didn 't know him .
tr	8	He strode forward and grabbed the man , pulling him away from the other two .
tr	5	" Look , " his mother said .
tr	11	" Still want to do business ? "
tr	9	What if children were born out of this union ?
tr	10	We will state that our first attempt at space failed .
tr	9	Appetizers were served on lavish porcelain platters and everyone wanted Taylor to try their favorite treats .
tr	8	A few reloaded their weapons while Kurt fired his revolver again and again .
tr	6	In her head , she formulated an escape plan : out the back door , into the woods .
tr	8	I saw Isaac look up toward the Notch Couloir , then shuffle quickly across .
tr	10	When I 'd found a suitable path over the bar , we threaded the Hunter into the Glen and anchored .
tr	8	' They should be here in about nine hours . '
tr	8	" That 's right , " she said , her voice catching with emotion .
tr	6	" It 's quite all right , " he said to the maid .
tr	6	She 's beautiful , kind , giving , sweet , strong , stubborn , and quite a smart ass . "
tr	10	He sprinted for the house , only a half a league away , but he knew he 'd never make it .
tr	8	Mai encourages , instantly causing Rift to blush .
tr	10	Jess had been looking at Jan as she spoke and nodding at each point .
tr	6	Their phones went straight to voicemail .
tr	10	Several minutes passed , during which we crossed a series of deserted passages .
tr	7	Yes , there was definitely a face in the pool .
tr	8	Most have it in them when called upon .
tr	6	By the fifth day , the distances between the villages had shortened .
tr	7	I fished out my ticket and in that moment , I said loudly : " HOW MUCH ? "
tr	11	Think he will stay away for now ? "
tr	7	An image of Noah Hearst 's very pale , grieving parents flashed through his mind and he sighed .
tr	10	Melody smiled , reaching over and hooking Ted 's pinky finger with hers .
tr	8	She turned back to face us .
tr	6	" Me in Mykonos " said my colleague with enthusiasm .
tr	9	Reggie turned back and saw that Anderson 's face appeared strained .
tr	8	I asked , nodding towards the crucifix .
tr	6	" You fought brave and valiantly today " , Coral said graciously , and meant it .
tr	9	You 're not mad are you ? "
tr	7	The noise went on for perhaps thirty seconds and then stopped .
tr	9	" Two weeks later the next launch will begin Mission Four , the supplies for the mining expedition .
tr	11	Both NASA and the Russian government will be relieved if we succeed in this mission .
tr	9	" Look in the top of my bag , " Amanda said .
tr	5	" So , you read it all already ? "
tr	6	They really were clumsy and that gave me an idea .
tr	10	After all , it was not wrong for a man to cry .
tr	7	Through the beam of light I just stare at his aura and listen to the song .
tr	6	As the enraged heavy scowled , the crew leader waved a hand toward the sergeant .
tr	7	The leader , a brawny blond-haired man with a sword , walked up to them .
tr	10	Said you were one crazy bitch . "
tr	5	Of course , with their kind , dead was a relative term .
tr	6	He twisted her argument around nicely with a sage nod .
tr	9	He clipped every word , taking a breath between each .
tr	8	We would only get one shot at this .
tr	10	She never met her parents but she still thanked them for risking their lives for her .
tr	10	He would be good to talk to .
tr	10	Her hunter moved closer , and the circle of guards opened to let both him and his companion through .
tr	9	" Will you stop whining ? "
tr	10	" We have a security brief at the back of the plane in 1 minute .
tr	9	Brody began to stalk toward him .
tr	6	After that , I will fly off the island .
tr	11	However , in reality , she was nervous and did not want to show it to Roberto .
tr	10	She 'd worked to calm herself but burst out with another round .
tr	9	Byron stared after her , shocked by the sudden turn of events .
tr	11	The look on her face nearly broke his heart anyway , and besides there just wasn 't time for talk .
tr	10	' Well I reckon we , I mean Raphael , did the right thing .
tr	5	" And this panel keeps out the cosmic radiation ? "
tr	7	She probably didn 't start with her socks .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	5	" Can I play too ? "
tr	8	When considered in isolation , few of her features would be labeled attractive .
tr	7	" Oh , Thracian , I am awaiting our meeting , " she told me in a voice like caressed velvet .
tr	6	Then , studying his reflection , he scrapes the hairs off his cheeks and chin .
tr	9	I wish I could take those haunting images away .
tr	8	We can have a bit of a chat and swap information .
tr	10	He was looking at the pile around the large man and saw that there was very little left .
tr	7	They bore the look of extras on a movie set , their outfits stiff and freshly ironed .
tr	7	Quickly grabbing a match out of the drawer , he lit the lantern and bolted out of his room .
tr	8	She tilted her head a little to one side .
tr	8	' He had it carved in the blade . '
tr	10	Oh , and be nice you came close to shooting them . '
tr	6	" Mana , Simon and Neil 's school break is almost over .
tr	6	A step apart from them , a man in charcoal grey waited impatiently .
tr	7	" I don 't know , " Gabe sits up and braces his hands behind him .
tr	5	Then with a fizz and snap , her hair broke free .
tr	9	His thin lips were set into a permanent hint of a sneer .
tr	10	Mac peered at the computer to see if his ruse worked .
tr	7	" He came , he told us of his actions and we bound him .
tr	9	I planned on bolting after graduation .
tr	10	The cathedral servants had been busy decorating for the funeral .
tr	5	Frankly , it wasn 't the most pleasant living situation .
tr	6	" The branch ... , " I whispered , " it 's pierced his chest . "
tr	9	Besides , I would love to have my parents present . "
tr	7	A small circular window was my only light inside the metal coffin .
tr	5	" North , south , east and west , " Myra told them .
tr	9	And for some reason she was clueless to the fact that we could care less .
tr	8	The second time she hit the bar with her arm before going over .
tr	10	In the meantime , it 's best that you two get out of the city .
tr	9	' You 're not saying it 's true ?
tr	11	They assume they 're being driven by bad drivers .
tr	11	But I was too tired to let the sight frighten me .
tr	9	" I believe I shall scout around a bit .
tr	9	Once the servants began shoveling dirt , they headed back to the ranch house .
tr	9	The truck was marked up with the logo of a furniture hire company .
tr	10	Totally shocked , he couldn 't come up with a reply to this comment , and he just nodded .
tr	8	I opened the cockpit hood , switched everything off ; and then sat perfectly still .
tr	10	Where I 'm floating away through the ceiling but still here lying on the cot .
tr	9	" Bartleby thought he had the perfect opening , " Neil explained .
tr	11	And you call me Hank , if you wouldn 't mind . "
tr	7	Gentlemen , why didn 't you use the right entrance ?
tr	9	We walked through another pair of mahogany doors and entered a wide hallway with a polished parquet floor .
tr	6	Besides Donald , we had Peter Lorre , Rhonda Fleming , Ann Blyth , Jackie Coogan , and Richard Anderson .
tr	7	hit and run ... ... the driver was never caught .
tr	6	" I can 't do this . "
tr	9	It wrenched sideways , nearly tipping her out of her kayak .
tr	8	I won 't ... I won 't keep you , Duke .
tr	8	That 's where you found me . "
tr	9	Who even knew he was here ?
tr	11	Aries asked to be notified before you breach . "
tr	7	" Oh , " Christy seemed to understand .
tr	8	Realization washed across Neela 's apprehension ; she giggled before answering .
tr	6	But , " Gary continued , " what if there really is a God and a Devil ?
tr	8	I know you like it strong . "
tr	8	Finan lapsed into meditative silence for a few moments .
tr	8	He got me an Indonesian passport and brought me to Brunei ... . .
tr	5	" No , no , it 's fine , really . "
tr	7	They gathered their purchases and headed for the checkout .
tr	9	" I can 't stomach the sight of blood , even my own . "
tr	11	Connor felt like he had the slightest glimmer of hope in finding his mom .
tr	11	I 'd failed Dad today but this was my chance to make up for everything .
tr	10	" Yep , old Bob decided to run a little scam using the same land .
tr	6	The laptop whirred , the window flashed , and then once again it displayed the winking red INCORRECT KEY !
tr	9	" You want for us to stay here all night ? "
tr	6	Children can 't survive the infection process . "
tr	6	Alejo turned towards her sharply .
tr	6	There were sterling , enamel , pewter , square , and rectangular ones .
tr	9	He dreaded seeing these two families return to the lodge each year .
tr	11	He couldn 't believe he 'd walked into such a mess .
tr	9	" I think we should raise the terrorist threat level as well . "
tr	9	No one was hungry if he could help it . "
tr	5	" Then where is he ? "
tr	10	Instead she pushed on , keen to stretch her calf muscles in a decent climb .
tr	8	The three medical personnel focused on the cardiac monitor for signs of activity .
tr	10	" That act was to kill the Empress 's consort and his travelling partner .
tr	10	Is that what it means to lead ?
tr	6	After Dave left , Trudie closed the door and opened the blinds .
tr	8	A deflated paddling pool , half filled with enough footballs to supply the Premier League .
tr	7	He can walk just fine , and more exercise won 't hurt .
tr	9	He couldn 't have helped if he tried .
tr	10	I wish I had thought of that .
tr	6	No gradual fade , no sparkling , swirling cyclone , nothing impressive or grandiose about teleportation .
tr	6	She let go and turned abruptly .
tr	10	Mai exclaims , appearing further ahead and grabbing hold of his hand once again .
tr	5	" Or any news at all ? "
tr	5	" A .22 caliber rifle , " Lex confessed .
tr	6	We don 't have an automatic washing machine any more .
tr	6	And the next and the next after that .
tr	5	" Yeah , she 's not really awful .
tr	10	It really wasn 't meant to be mean , " Melody pleaded .
tr	11	Connor waited on the deck to see what would happen .
tr	6	The temple 's long entryway led past the usual altars to the sacred circle beyond .
tr	10	Celestino knew what he wanted to do .
tr	11	Oliver says he thinks he 'll live .
tr	9	It appeared only the immediate area around the platform had lights .
tr	9	I hope they made those legs strong .
tr	9	" Care to join me ? "
tr	7	An eternal moment of gentle consideration later their lips met again , hungry , passionate and powerful this time .
tr	7	The adrenaline surge through my system blasted even more of the chloroform from my bloodstream .
tr	8	Were it not for the technological guidance , she would have quickly become lost .
tr	8	Likely , one of his friends would drive out to the pub and tell her .
tr	6	And we have lawyers too , you know . "
tr	7	It 's our necks if they escape . "
tr	7	As you said before , a lot of people have paid for it .
tr	6	Looking up , he saw a strange Inuit standing by the camp fire .
tr	6	He smiled , confident again " Rachel , this is TJ Jones . "
tr	9	A spot in the sky seemed to be growing ever so slightly .
tr	8	He let out some low growls then asked , " Well ?
tr	9	He glanced around the chamber , his gaze lingering on several faces .
tr	11	" Lad , if ever there was a place to lose yourself , it 's Rome .
tr	10	' I tell you what I 've just had to sack someone . '
tr	7	" It 's Ibuprofen , " he said , mouth twisting wryly .
tr	8	" They 're the size of children , " the Secretary of Defense mused .
tr	9	I had a revolver sticking out the back of my pants .
tr	11	It 's terrible hurt he is !
tr	10	As she edged closer Hailey accidently brushed against another flower a Bee was cultivating .
tr	8	I left a guy half-naked by the Eiffel Tower last night , alone and bleeding .
tr	5	Trust me , they 're not , " Hawk replied succinctly .
tr	5	" You know , you better not flash it around .
tr	7	After the flight , the shuttle was wheeled into Hangar Six for inspection .
tr	9	" Did you find what you were looking for ? "
tr	8	His eyes widened when he saw me .
tr	6	This forest towered above us , the great trees looming ominously .
tr	8	He strode out of the room with the cell in hand .
tr	10	Her eyes were red , like the reflection of flame on black water .
tr	8	Flashlights cut through the branches , diluted with distance .
tr	7	It was filled to overflowing .
tr	8	I 'm a big girl , I can take care of myself .
tr	8	" Check it out , " she said , pointing at the screen .
tr	8	There is an announcement tone from her desk and Aria sighs at the disruption .
tr	8	She pushed deeper into the point of the upside-down hat .
tr	10	A certain light came into Furnace 's eye as he recognized the touch of a master .
tr	9	She turned away from him , peering out the porthole to the open sea , and continued brushing her hair .
tr	7	" It means royalty to you , but not to me . "
tr	7	He stretched his arms over his head and scratched his chest and then sat back down on his cot .
tr	10	All that remained was a hole about chest deep to Jeff .
tr	5	" And third , there is no fate .
tr	11	Somehow it had escaped him , lost as he impacted the dirt .
tr	7	I stood and went to the Courtier 's corpse .
tr	10	I suppose Carl will take all the credit , and all my followers too .
tr	10	Then they all edged closer for a better look as the sides appeared to split and unfold .
tr	9	She says that your new sleeping gas works perfectly and the Iron Wolves used it to secure nineteen prisoners .
tr	9	She stood on the rocks with her bare feet splashing the cold water in Farmer 's direction .
tr	7	We wandered sleepily into the open space and collapsed into the comfortable chairs .
tr	8	Let 's grab some food and explore . "
tr	9	He did not want to miss anything .
tr	8	Without pause , he hurled me onto the entry stairs of a passing car .
tr	5	I can 't , I 'm afraid , claim infallibility . "
tr	11	I knew we had to act fast .
tr	6	retorted the Captain sounding irritated .
tr	5	Black suit , crisp white shirt beneath , and a slender gray tie .
tr	6	Two or three years ago , Matt stocked the place with channel catfish too .
tr	10	When you don 't have to ask , that 's when it 'll be so . "
tr	6	Towering Ash and Oak reached skyward , knurled twisted pillars beneath a swaying roof of green .
tr	11	He was a storyteller , surviving by teaching the careful approach to life the pups needed to learn .
tr	11	These men , crack troops every one of them , had fought and clawed against every attempt to dislodge them .
tr	10	And ... what about the other thing we discussed , is it ready ? "
tr	7	Barefoot , in her four hundred dollar dress , her cute butt twitched back and forth in a seductive way .
tr	11	Sebastian didn 't want to mention Anna and mumbled something unimportant .
tr	5	Of course we understand that .
tr	8	but still easily discernible with the help of the flash .
tr	8	" I 'll do it , " Valiant offered , putting his cigar in a silver holder .
tr	11	I see that you are having some difficulty crossing the creek .
tr	11	She was untouchable , no matter what danger had been thrown at her .
tr	6	" It 's almost sun down .
tr	11	I figured I had nothing to lose .
tr	8	" Back to Jacob 's question , " said Eva .
tr	10	" I know you 're out there , Taylor !
tr	11	" He 's only happy because he gets to see his girlfriend again . "
tr	10	" I see now that she is much like my wife . "
tr	10	Manuel nodded , but he wasn 't about to call her Mama .
tr	9	We need to keep moving .
tr	7	He said at last and offered his hand with a tiny , encouraging smile .
tr	6	A white shirt showed beneath his long black jacket .
tr	11	Who will carry on what you have started ? "
tr	8	Having now finished his career as a spy , he was looking forward to starting lifestyle renovations rather then lifesaving modifications .
tr	7	Logan was staring expectantly at me .
tr	9	What does exactly have to do with ... " " Oh my God , the boat ! "
tr	6	My teeth grind against each other .
tr	8	Riki shouted , cupping her hands around her mouth .
tr	7	The old man came closer to her , bowed over her and whispered something to her .
tr	7	It would be the trees for them this night .
tr	10	Maria picked up a piece of toast from the table , while Mark sat down across from her .
tr	10	I shouted to Tork " I must have missed something .
tr	10	You men hold your ground until we can deal with the attack up here .
tr	9	Men who walk in shadows .
tr	7	He was fascinated by them .
tr	5	To all men , just like nations , there are golden times .
tr	9	asked Simon , not wanting to cross paths with his counterpart .
tr	11	He made no reply , nor did he seek to repulse her arm from about his waist .
tr	10	" And Reed says there 's no hope for this generation .
tr	8	The two riders atop each of the sleek machines wore dark helmets and leather biker suits .
tr	11	' Try to stay alive until I get to the bottom of this , I guess . '
tr	9	" Um , when they talked about God . "
tr	10	She opened a new window , studying the screen as the translated code slid by .
tr	7	A lot less tricky with a fully saddled horse .
tr	8	I can 't lose control that way , I might kill you . "
tr	6	came the low , impatient reply .
tr	8	And she easily walked around the stage as if she had her real legs back .
tr	10	I believe Jesus is the son of God . "
tr	10	The carriage screeched against the track , the framework rattling like a child 's toy .
tr	9	It is perfectly plausible for you to bond with me while still embarking on your new occupation . "
tr	7	These rules could only amended by Jim , Herb , or myself .
tr	10	Then Alejo would come back here to the ostrich farm to stay for the time until their exploratory trip .
tr	10	Besides ... perhaps they aren 't willing to die just for you . "
tr	11	He saw worry and apprehension , but could still only surmise at what these were directed .
tr	10	She is the Chosen One and a lot of people are out to get her .
tr	8	All of this seems almost ridiculous , as he is now basically catatonic .
tr	8	Neela was liked in the North quarter ; people smiled and waved freely .
tr	9	Sidney had not lost her ability or desire to run either .
tr	7	" Toll " points became more frequent , manned by individuals with wild eyes and desperate natures .
tr	6	Chapter 21 22,500 Miles in Space The next morning Ryan 's flight briefing was short .
tr	6	His mind turned to the tiny , egg-shaped stone once again in his pocket .
tr	7	Once again the seer looked at Sarah but this time her stern face relaxed into a warm smile her eyes twinkling .
tr	10	No need to come with me , I 'll be fine .
tr	10	" I used to think it was .
tr	8	The other two are fine , aside from a little peppering of shrapnel .
tr	9	Sorry to have bothered you .
tr	8	It sounds more like something out of a pulp fiction spy thriller .
tr	8	The dead woman had the same face as the little girl , matured and ripened .
tr	10	The King cannot blame her for feeling reluctant of her obligations .
tr	8	Say goodnight , " she added , turning to Miriam .
tr	7	Perhaps we may finally gain some use from it .
tr	6	The starter turned over twice and then havoc broke loose .
tr	10	And Zimmerman Furniture is exactly the kind of company I 'm looking for .
tr	6	I was scared ... damned scared !
tr	7	" Ready to go ? "
tr	9	It also seemed that many of them were armed .
tr	11	The sparkling puddle seemed to be calling out to the chick : " Come and join us !
tr	6	A crafty look played across his face .
tr	9	His wife 's joy filled him and he eased up a bit .
tr	10	But nothing to worry about it .
tr	7	The most curious part of the sword was a shallow cut a third of the way up the blade .
tr	10	" You girl , have become too much trouble , " he growled .
tr	5	No gestures with his long , muscular arms or pacing in great strides .
tr	7	Mana stood up and moved to the door .
tr	6	Usually we all had them with us .
tr	7	" He can stay with me . "
tr	10	Tola ... I heard the voice call out to me .
tr	9	But none of that matters if you need me in Cambridge . "
tr	7	' Let 's walk , shall we ? '
tr	6	Honey , that doesn 't sound healthy . "
tr	7	As far as cause of death ... . .
tr	10	OK , here we go , let 's see what this asshole has up his sleeve . "
tr	7	They 're looking for something .
tr	8	From where he stands , a series of large steps descend toward the entrance of a segmented castle .
tr	9	Okay , I 've got to give you one .
tr	6	" We 're probably just as bad , only the other way round , " she admitted wryly .
tr	10	" I am not going to wait forever , " Lance promises with a growl .
tr	8	A hint of compassion fell over Hilda 's face , but she quickly hid it .
tr	11	Ruth held her gaze , her eyes sparkling bright against her ashen face .
tr	8	Besides , " and he wrapped her in his arms , " I want to love you . "
tr	5	" Gods , Julian , you always made such beautiful babies . "
tr	10	Least that 's what my friends call me . "
tr	9	" Time to go already ? "
tr	5	In white script , underneath the logo was the name " Bertram " .
tr	6	But in his mind 's eye one scene played itself over and over again .
tr	11	I don 't trust what 's going on here .
tr	11	I miss being able to feel you .
tr	8	We need to move fast .
tr	6	" For Pandora , Marlon is camel mouth and for Marlon , Pandora is hermit . "
tr	7	" Hailey , " Miss Julie shook her , " Hailey , wake up . "
tr	7	He zoomed in on the picture .
tr	7	He looked out again into the darkness , and whistled ever so softly .
tr	7	" I did not leave you just for sport .
tr	8	Candidates who pass the interrogation test are then brought together and placed in a training environment .
tr	6	A long disgusting eruption of farting sounds came from Mr. Stark .
tr	11	The train was so loud he wondered whether the conductor even noticed .
tr	8	" Just visiting Marie 's granddaughter , Aimee . "
tr	8	Those losers started to laugh and one of them was getting closer to me .
tr	7	Heart thudding wildly against my ribs , I grabbed the silver cases and leapt through the port door .
tr	6	" I 'm not nervous sir , " stammered Benton nervously .
tr	5	The Dead quicken at the sound of the name , fingers twitching and eyes darting .
tr	6	" Well , " the woman continued , " why is she here ? "
tr	10	General Sampson was an absolute military dictator who ruled with an iron fist .
tr	9	Just as I cannot do it through my sorcery alone .
tr	11	Michael wanted to ask the Angel : " Who is that wonderful Archangel ? "
tr	8	One of the horses in the barn screamed again .
tr	8	" None , sir , " he replied stiffly , obviously stung at my lack of interest .
tr	11	" You do know that you are on fire , no ? "
tr	8	Joseph tried to protest , but the soldier cut him off .
tr	7	" It is not for sale , " Mana said .
tr	7	A she-wolf , Lady Kenna , has slain them all . "
tr	7	He owns a security business with branches both here in England and in the Far East .
tr	9	I guess it 's not so bad , but Branden really doesn 't like me .
tr	6	This would be both exciting and educational .
tr	8	He 's too close , and there 's this expression on his face .
tr	7	I asked , " How come Astor ? "
tr	6	For all the talk and impressive " courtship , " the whole thing had really been a pitiful few moments .
tr	11	Jake stilled , waiting for her to release him .
tr	8	It was but a woman beneath it , after all !
tr	8	He could laugh about it now , but at the time , he had feared for his life .
tr	9	An hour later , the rain had stopped and David and Sarah sat on the front steps of the cottage .
tr	7	Don 't worry about me . "
tr	11	The ship moved , bringing them ever closer to their destination , but for now they were blissfully unaware of this .
tr	11	It looks like there 's plenty to eat .
tr	10	Zoe watched , unable to look away .
tr	7	This whole affair had an aspect of lunacy .
tr	7	Finally , I came upon a certain corner that I recognized .
tr	5	' Murray - ' ' This is my future , too . '
tr	10	Legend has it a watchman in a tower fell under an enchanted sleep .
tr	11	" She can throw a dagger from wherever she wants and make it go wherever she wants .
tr	5	' Grandfather 's hurt , ' Anna replied stiffly .
tr	5	" I don 't either , " she said .
tr	5	So I stopped , too .
tr	6	For a few minutes more he was silent , considering .
tr	8	Dave rolled to the right and searched blindly for the lighter .
tr	11	They do what they think is right .
tr	11	There will be no place for you to go to ground .
tr	9	David grabbed the wheel and began to pull downwards .
tr	8	Soon the balcony was filled with many angels and one fantastic scene followed another .
tr	7	She put her other hand to my face and leaned in and kissed the bare skin there .
tr	11	You have no control or choice over when or what to have .
tr	7	On the east of the river was a never ending jungle of sky rise apartment buildings .
tr	8	In the meantime the poor child had been brought into the arena .
tr	7	She had trail ridden for years , and happily .
tr	6	CFG owns a few airlines , several insurance companies , several more manufacturers , and a popular soft drink company .
tr	7	" Dickie sent you eh ?
tr	6	' That 's too much , ' said Gwyn , ' You 'll blow up the whole valley . '
tr	8	Suddenly , the petitioner 's hand flicked forward at lightning speed , launching something toward the king .
tr	5	Missy 's great-grandfather owned Big Pine Lodge .
tr	11	It made him thirsty to see it .
tr	5	" Uh , not really , " I replied , my mouth dry .
tr	11	My intent was to give everyone a cold hard splash of reality , but something kept me from it . "
tr	8	Well , now they 're battling over territory ; in the beginning it was over food . "
tr	5	For such an imposing giant , he was surprisingly polite .
tr	9	And what of the possibility of mutant creatures ?
tr	7	He walked forward alone and greeted Fletcher 's friends .
tr	9	The men knew this before the mission , and their sacrifice was truly worth the cause for which we fought .
tr	10	With willing hands and no threat of detection to slow us , we worked feverishly .
tr	7	It made her resolve shiver like glass under a hammer , but she neither slowed nor turned .
tr	11	I have to concentrate on finding Art .
tr	10	You 'll want to take them to the beach .
tr	10	Aria laughs , " looks like you still have your appetite . "
tr	11	David got to talk to Wendy quite a lot though .
tr	8	They have salvaged more than emitters and jump cannons , " Warrior states with worry .
tr	11	A loud cheer filled the area and my senses overwhelmed me with praise ... Hail Traveller ... I heard whispered .
tr	11	Edie May smiled in anticipation of the surprise she had on hand for her student .
tr	5	" And then it is playtime . "
tr	8	She 's mine , I want the world to know it right now , today .
tr	6	' Hey , the canvas is stuck , ' he announced to the tower in general .
tr	9	He looks splendid , doesn 't he ? "
tr	8	We needed to buy some time , wait for an opening .
tr	10	She fixed her eyes on his , trying to read his thoughts .
tr	11	The brief period of a simple life and pleasantries often taken for granted has passed .
tr	8	Terry looked back just before the door entrance and saw the peaceful almost tranquil expression on John 's face .
tr	6	One short step or leap ... a few seconds or minutes of freefall ... then no more worries .
tr	8	" You need me to protect you . "
tr	7	Tomorrow we 'll go looking .
tr	8	Chapter 10 " Gabe , " I say to get his attention .
tr	10	Forrest Reed came along and made people disengage their auto-pilot minds from the internet and immerse themselves into his imagination .
tr	8	He sat outside a cafe , gently sipping coffee and observing the passersby .
tr	6	' I 've already given Bergman and Sacks your details . '
tr	10	" You are no doubt familiar with the expression ' sins of the father ' , Sergeant Major ? "
tr	6	That couldn 't be right .
tr	9	All of this had the effect of stunting her physical growth .
tr	6	" Doctor Everett , " Warrior acknowledges , her voice deafening .
tr	8	It was thwarted by his wife , but she lost her leg in the process .
tr	10	But the tickets would be expensive , so we don 't have many other passengers . "
tr	8	Regardless , the two men looked furtively through the gloom , no doubt searching for us .
tr	9	Do I need to ? "
tr	6	" Sure , something to celebrate my new ride , Mr. Air Force Pilot .
tr	6	And right there on his collar , another tinge of the same colored lipstick stained his impeccable white dress shirt .
tr	9	He also wanted to lead for a while .
tr	11	Her pregnant sides blocked any chance Mariposa had to get around her .
tr	7	As the cool salt water sprinkled my face , all my memories rushed back to me .
tr	10	Red Talon said , " Sister , did you find out for me about Three Baskets ? "
tr	11	His eyes widened in surprise as he looked down slowly at the blade in his chest .
tr	7	" It seems so , " he smiled , " news travels fast around here , doesn 't it ? "
tr	9	I 've got to watch the fire anyway . "
tr	9	Thanks for agreeing to play .
tr	7	He gripped the back of the chair .
tr	7	She then handed him her shoes and with another good toss , they also landed safely on dry ground .
tr	7	" How do you feel , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	10	It 's great you can also work together .
tr	8	Her heart was melting , just looking at him .
tr	10	sighed Colonel Sinclair when VIN introduced her to his partner after breakfast the next morning .
tr	6	The activity around him was electrifying .
tr	9	She was mesmerized by the flurry of costume feathers draping her mother 's broad dark shoulders .
tr	7	Learn from the twin , kill the king , and finish off the tutor !
tr	10	But you know as well as I do of their Healing House , with its hot springs and expert physicians . "
tr	11	I tried to gauge what I was seeing .
tr	8	Some of the shops on the boardwalk had small motor boats flung through their windows during the wreckage .
tr	8	The breath of her passage disturbed the oil lamps ' flames , creating fitful , roiling shadows on the swaying cloth .
tr	10	Can 't you stand to be wrong about anything ? "
tr	9	He cautioned , then shielded himself and Landon behind a wall of Air .
tr	10	she said , standing up from her throne in her billowing green gown .
tr	5	At his office building , she found a parking space right out front .
tr	10	" You 're mom isn 't in Japan . "
tr	6	He looks up , clicks off his window .
tr	8	There is a little Lilly growing under your hand . "
tr	5	" I will , " she said .
tr	8	You 've just handed a loaded gun to a monkey from the future , Doctor . "
tr	10	The man nodded reluctantly and walked over to clear their takeoff with the test controller .
tr	9	I scanned around and eventually saw Atticus next to her .
tr	6	" Come on , we 're outta here , " he rushed past Howie .
tr	10	They were very proud of what they had done .
tr	11	" Yeah , I think he might want to know .
tr	11	Taylor disappeared into the shop rummaging around loudly in a quest for the required tools .
tr	7	Maria and Mark exchanged worried glances , then Mark all but ran for the phone .
tr	9	It takes a big man to carve these . "
tr	9	" You want me to torture an old dude with cancer ? "
tr	8	But when he finally reached the top , all he saw were more rugged mountains , blanketed in snow .
tr	11	Kol turns to see Bjorn appearing from the forest .
tr	8	The pigeon quickly flew back to its perch and immediately and calmly went back to sleep .
tr	7	The Angel replied : " The gondola is itself an Angel . "
tr	7	" Why don 't we come to a street ? "
tr	11	Do you feel like talking ? "
tr	9	" I have a potential source of investment in my company from an oil company in the Middle East .
tr	11	He remained perfectly still and as they grew closer it became apparent he was unarmed .
tr	10	My grandfather 's position within the council must have been more significant than just an aid to Minister Drake .
tr	7	" Well , I , uh ... " " You apparently don 't know much . "
tr	9	hmm we 'll ask him again when he comes round . "
tr	6	Closer inspection revealed cement , rocks , wood , rebar , shingles , wires .
tr	8	He 's not a patient man you see .
tr	5	" Sorry Dave , I just couldn 't resist . "
tr	8	So she had Marja pour her a nice , hot bath , and soaked away some of her pains before bed .
tr	8	" Mum , what 's wrong ? "
tr	8	As he pulled them on , he realized how much weight he had lost .
tr	11	She used to hate Sarah Hendrickson until they became best friends .
tr	10	' This place is about to come down on our heads ! '
tr	6	The piers of the bridge became huge forceful barriers with many shadows .
tr	10	The black army , since they were moving across open plains pulled far ahead of us .
tr	9	My heart will stop if I do , I am certain .
tr	11	" Is this what you had planned for me ?
tr	10	" You seem uneasy , " Navi points out , continuing to ridicule the man .
tr	5	The blown-out front tyre destabilized the leading SUV .
tr	11	Derrick , are you ready to go search for water ? "
tr	6	He eased his grip and slowly relaxed his frame .
tr	7	Its tailgate finally swung around and crashed against a fire hydrant .
tr	7	" I have a message from a friend , " said 007 .
tr	8	" I am Major Nathan Taylor , U.S. Army and I have come home with my family .
tr	11	They were catching attention and this was reason enough to avoid them .
tr	10	asked Simon unsure why this would be the case .
tr	5	" Good kick , though , " says the girl , sizing me up .
tr	6	' Be careful , ' one of the Hunters murmured to his companions .
tr	9	Not Ethan , he knew his ambitions and his current position were about him .
tr	10	The smoke from the cave fire could be seen rising from the hill .
tr	11	My heart ached for her and for what we were going through .
tr	7	She turned to him and buried her face in his chest .
tr	8	" And I suppose you play then , " the girl spat out .
tr	8	" Here you are , dear " the little grey-haired lady said as she handed me my brand new library card .
tr	9	Because the only way to get to the truth was to spy on the big guy himself .
tr	10	That I was moving to Tahiti to live in the wild .
tr	5	In a blink , she shed all her physical pain .
tr	10	yelled Anderson and smiled as Beau ran off down the hall at a sprint .
tr	5	A world of fantastic creatures , of monsters and evil .
tr	10	" Do we have to go ? "
tr	10	Mido asks , though his weakened demeanor is far from appalled .
tr	11	" Well ... I 've got to go now , " Chris told the man .
tr	6	" OK girls , it 's a disappointment , but we 're not through yet .
tr	7	" Forgive me , I have not been very good company for you . "
tr	11	" No mercy , " Kane said as he signalled his men to begin the execution .
tr	6	" Come here , " Kaylie urged .
tr	9	The massive building was similar to the ancient Roman or Greek buildings he 'd read about in his history books .
tr	11	Jeff gave her a quick kiss on the cheek before departing for his bunk .
tr	10	The men eventually got to their feet but the girls continued to lie on the floor .
tr	9	There was something very unnerving about these dogs ' behavior when they attacked .
tr	9	Trust and happiness is a long game built up brick by brick , and Zelda knows this all too well .
tr	7	A sad smile flitted across Anna 's face .
tr	5	" Ah , my food delivery , " the boss said .
tr	10	" You are mine now , Eda , and I swear you shall never regret it . "
tr	10	Mark looked down and held up a hand to touch the necklace .
tr	7	Reid sat back in the seat and stared ahead .
tr	8	A few weeks back , the gendarmes tried breaking up a riot and received some resistance . "
tr	6	Later that afternoon , the meeting with my counselor went much longer than anticipated .
tr	11	At last he reached the edge : a stone ridge that extended from the nearby mountains .
tr	10	One who despised what she was .
tr	6	" Sinus tach , " Dr. Stadler cried out in relief .
tr	9	They were to leave in thirty-five minutes .
tr	11	That 's all you have to do .
tr	7	She didn 't answer for a long time .
tr	6	" Just please come back here now .
tr	7	Look at Ed , he 's not bothered -- ' ' Yeah , I know . '
tr	9	She turned back to the Old Wizard saying , " I am leaving .
tr	9	Kevin gave her a little tug on the sleeve and started toward the other end of the dining room .
tr	7	A large , curved staircase wound down to the first floor and continued on into the basement .
tr	9	She drew an arrow from the quiver on her back and grabbed the bow on her shoulder .
tr	5	The children , the poets , and the philosophers were right .
tr	8	Immediately , the two lifted the gurney out of the ambulance and over to the other wagon .
tr	9	She read the newspaper clipping aloud and her mom glanced over at the photo of Mary .
tr	8	She turned to him , fixing him with her huge eyes .
tr	7	" I told you , he isn 't under arrest , " the detective responded sharply .
tr	7	" Doctor , she 's in PEA , " Nurse Edwards announced .
tr	7	" That 's a 2011 bill , " Josie said , ignoring Kendall .
tr	9	Claudette drew herself up to defend her brother , but hearing noise behind her , stopped .
tr	8	' Wasn 't his latest discovery in there as well ? '
tr	6	" They are not too far , " the Adventurous gave him a reluctant hint .
tr	6	King Ine looked across to his friend .
tr	10	You 'll have to keep my flying helmet under them .
tr	11	I knew she wanted to say more .
tr	5	" No , because I remember the important parts . "
tr	11	he said , after being knocked down by the big man 's staff .
tr	10	As they picked up the human scent , it seemed to give them a burst of energy .
tr	6	The lead Indian jerked his horse backwards and emitted a loud whoop .
tr	11	" He 's here to act as a witness in the Judgment . "
tr	11	" I think we need to go home .
tr	6	" Oh noooo , that isn 't real , " Hicks laments .
tr	10	He stirred and groaned as I knelt to him .
tr	11	A detachment of U.S. Marines with orders to kill guarded the gate .
tr	7	His voice is quiet and calm , each word crisp like water drops hitting my cheeks .
tr	8	she screamed , as she jumped up .
tr	6	" Good thing my feelings aren 't easily hurt , Frank Beretta . "
tr	8	' Somehow that doesn 't make me feel any better . '
tr	11	The pump hammered away , keeping barely ahead of the constantly seeping water .
tr	8	" So , you 'll stick around for a while longer ? "
tr	9	- But how did you get it ?
tr	6	" Not now , Linc , " she said at her door .
tr	7	" Billy can be defeated , is difficult , but can be done . "
tr	8	Satisfied it was not dangerous , he passed it around .
tr	11	He walks over to me and removes the handkerchief that was in my mouth .
tr	7	My head became one with the ceiling for a second , but no harm was done .
tr	5	Not quite a run , but not quite a walk , either .
tr	7	That 's what I want .
tr	11	' So , he did manage to kill you again before he died . '
tr	6	A boy , about twelve , stood with his hands placidly on his hips .
tr	5	" Oh , my dearest girl , I 'm a dragon .
tr	6	The foot struck him just below the heart .
tr	8	Ahmad has no place to run . "
tr	5	" A morbid entertainment , " Brand mused .
tr	7	He hurled the severed head across the room .
tr	8	' You just bring out the best in me , ' he said lightly .
tr	9	I 'll keep you alive until my uncle Harald forces your execution . "
tr	5	Heathen praying , far as I could tell .
tr	7	Apparently some sort of undead guardian , its bony chest is covered by ancient armor .
tr	8	" He better put his finger on the top of the bottle .
tr	10	The dog that was trapped in the engine compartment wasn 't making much headway .
tr	6	She stamped her foot in frustration on the marble floor .
tr	10	" I hope he isn 't doing something stupid , like taking an untried medication .
tr	8	" Oh , well , don 't worry , she told me she likes boys ! "
tr	6	Shut up , shut up , shut up !
tr	5	But my granddaughter is different .
tr	8	" This is not about destroying the physical prison , either .
tr	9	Along with the images , King Martin was offering a heavy reward for information leading to our capture .
tr	5	" Exactly , Sweetie , you 're just so smart .
tr	9	Jules knew how to be careful .
tr	6	Did either of them know about Jolie ?
tr	10	He could feel the box beginning to move .
tr	11	She pulled out the book of Arabic tales she had been reading the day before .
tr	6	" Toby , we mean you no harm .
tr	11	I 've touched this earring till the engravings have been rubbed away .
tr	8	Ganondorf shouts , fed up with their endless banter .
tr	6	Something in his face seems so sad and so real .
tr	8	My mind mused over the idea that he had proposed .
tr	6	Waves of honey brown hair hung loose past her shoulders .
tr	8	He put an arm around Andy 's back and helped him up .
tr	8	They had finally gotten what they wanted .
tr	5	Of all the sick and twisted things ... Kingdom 's mercy !
tr	8	" Where and when has he been taken to ? "
tr	10	Go to the private entrance ; I think 006 is in the private plane hangar .
tr	6	We 'll probably find a small , contemplative agricultural society . "
tr	5	" Let 's hope heaven has an A & E department . "
tr	6	Connie and Skipper had both saved my bacon .
tr	7	" I would not count on that .
tr	9	" Wait until he starts conjuring . "
tr	8	From several points on the wall they could see black wisps of smoke forming a spiral .
tr	11	Let me try to get this .
tr	10	We are both here , at this point in time , neither one of us in the country we know .
tr	10	The cold wind put goosebumps on my bare arms and I had hoped that it was all a dream .
tr	8	Brand did not have great courage like Gunnar did .
tr	8	Oh dear , what are we going to do ?
tr	11	It was dark at that time , in that region of space known as a Town .
tr	8	said Butch , " That 's where General Anderson lives ! "
tr	10	They were high enough to see the sands behind them .
tr	5	Oh , I see , " she nodded . "
tr	11	The only other sound was the hum of unseen insects and the slight lapping of water on the lagoon 's edge .
tr	7	It 's protection , in case one of them gets off a shot at me . "
tr	7	Josie began firing her pistol .
tr	9	Kind of a lot to live up to . "
tr	10	Spirits are easy to get rid of . "
tr	9	Suddenly unsure of who , or what he 's following , the boy decides to proceed much more carefully .
tr	7	" We will talk about it a little at a time , okay ? "
tr	10	Give me a bell when you 're back in town . "
tr	6	" Nope , not a single call or inquiry to any police department anywhere . "
tr	7	He walked to the sink and dumped his coffee out .
tr	8	Then he laughed at himself for thinking such a silly thought .
tr	6	" Johnny , calm down man , we were just kidding ! "
tr	9	I could taste the cliché in my mouth and wanted to gag .
tr	10	He asks , beginning to relax a little .
tr	8	Lance had given her Callum 's phone number instead of his own .
tr	9	" Other than us two , I assume there will be other body guards . "
tr	9	Shading his eyes from the blizzard with his hand , Tarleton squinted into the snowstorm .
tr	8	Clean out as much of that fecal matter as possible , " Dr. Warner cautioned as Dr. Stadler worked .
tr	7	" So , " he continues , " I had an interesting phone call from my wife today . "
tr	9	He swung his head in the direction of the voices and saw four silhouettes down at the shore .
tr	8	The side door slid open as the van stopped and John and his team leapt out .
tr	5	The other three are , well , they 're a long way away . "
tr	5	Old accident or not , the bus passengers were curious .
tr	7	I am giddy with fear .
tr	8	Elaina didn 't care what he thought .
tr	8	" Some things are worth bringing back . "
tr	9	You are very good at sport and compete in the local football team as the striker .
tr	9	Vivien is currently being held in Ledbury , the question is where do we go from here ? "
tr	9	I don 't want to say this twice . "
tr	7	It was a postcard from Italy .
tr	8	defended Simon , realising how immature he had sounded .
tr	11	How interesting was to discover the truth , but more sadly was with Damian , poor of him .
tr	6	Why weren 't you at the ceremony , by the way ? "
tr	9	Even as she thought it she wondered what her plans would be now .
tr	6	Odd scruffy plants , weeds , but not a tree , not a rock outcrop was in sight anywhere .
tr	9	She had clumsily loaded the handgun before she even left the village .
tr	8	I won 't make you say it .
tr	8	Must 've been special to the poor old sod ! "
tr	5	Them , the guards , or the monster himself ? "
tr	8	The man turned to one of the others .
tr	8	Beppe stated , as her comments took his complete attention .
tr	6	Sure enough , my Spirit rushed back to me in abundance with each deep inhalation .
tr	10	The pace had been slow after they had sighted the bear .
tr	10	She made him stand up , undid his belt and pulled his trousers down around his ankles .
tr	9	We 'd left the massive things at the foot of the stairs .
tr	8	The peal sounded loudly , echoing down the hill , clear and pure on the cold air .
tr	5	' Er ... raindrops and sunsets and that sort of thing ? '
tr	10	Broken to this and me trying to crush the pieces smaller .
tr	9	Thoughts of Aimee were constantly with me , hovering in the back of my mind .
tr	7	" As you know sir it was a ' Claret ' operation .
tr	5	The boring , quiet , demure spinster daughter of a warlord .
tr	9	" Abigail , you are ... " " Abby .
tr	6	In her fear and apparent pain , she was resisting mightily .
tr	8	That makes the killing a little easier , but I never enjoy it .
tr	9	Crouching a bit in the water , it was just the right height to shave by .
tr	9	We fell silent as I soaked in his words .
tr	8	There 's no way ... " " There 's no way what ? "
tr	9	From his high vantage point on top of the bus , Ted could see over the wall .
tr	10	" Where do you think you 're going kid ? "
tr	11	" I told her I wanted to visit Aunt Betty .
tr	5	Cale Valens , an amazing chef , incredible business manager , and extraordinary lover .
tr	11	The Captain and Faro sneered down at him while they talked about me , as if I am a common whore .
tr	8	VIN took the garment bag holding her uniforms and placed in the front compartment .
tr	7	" How often do you adjust the valves on the diesel ? "
tr	7	He got up and took her in his arms .
tr	9	Do you believe him ? "
tr	9	" Thank you , Leah Goldwyn , for saving my life .
tr	10	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
tr	11	" I don 't care what you 've done in your past .
tr	6	" For now though , we haven 't slept , " I said with a yawn .
tr	9	Do whatever you like with it .
tr	11	There were a few principal men from the Yellow Leaf who had escaped .
tr	6	Inside the Fantastic Volcano , the haze , like a damp mist , clung to my clothes and hair .
tr	10	" My child is capable of making his own decisions , " it whispered endlessly .
tr	9	We can snipe at their rear some more , " said Aaron one of his two snipers .
tr	9	Too few pieces of the puzzle to make out the whole .
tr	9	" Let 's get on with it then .
tr	11	" I think it was mice from the attic , " Tori lied .
tr	8	How is the company holding up since Pearson 's death ? "
tr	8	She shook her head , tears running down her cheeks .
tr	9	He mumbles , listening intently while following her directions .
tr	7	" I forgot to mention .
tr	8	The farmer leant forward , resting his hands on the car door .
tr	8	He brings a document into his HUD and sends it to Beverly 's terminal past the TDF firewalls .
tr	9	Maria hadn 't been more than fifteen feet away from him since the day they met .
tr	10	Cisco stretched out a paw and Roberto took it , feeling the strength as her father gripped his hand .
tr	7	He sipped his tea and then grinned at her .
tr	10	" Do a Filomena , you know I can 't resist empanadas , " she told the older lady in Quechua .
tr	5	The massive JE Labs speakers and Mark Levinson electronics were an additional bonus .
tr	8	You trailed off there at the end , " Rift snickers , pointing to the right this time .
tr	9	" If you change your mind about me , dear Brand , let me know .
tr	8	" Alex Carleton , get down here now , or you 'll be on the next flight home . "
tr	11	She unfolded it to reveal a cell phone preloaded with a phone number .
tr	11	Each one slipped into the water and was careful not to make too much noise .
tr	6	She gave a long sigh , then slid the paper into the slot on the recycle bin .
tr	11	Of course like all moments since the beginning of time , this one too passed .
tr	8	He stood well over six feet tall and had a muscular frame .
tr	11	" You are not going to go to the exit , are you ? "
tr	7	Either of you two could shoot me right now , and I wouldn 't be offended .
tr	11	Give me something of yours to suck .
tr	10	He knew dozing in the sun was dangerous .
tr	8	Then , as one , a report from a musket filled the room and someone cried " Treachery ! "
tr	9	It seemed ages ago , and the images blurred together like some kaleidoscope of memory .
tr	9	Early Saturday morning they ate breakfast and packed sandwiches and drinks for a picnic along the way .
tr	7	This second body was a much older man , deeply wrinkled with grey hair .
tr	7	just get him out of here .
tr	11	She took a deep breath and tried to stop the shake in her voice .
tr	9	He knew what was coming and he was ready for it .
tr	8	They deposited their load next to the hearth and took their seats .
tr	10	They hadn 't made it more than twenty spans before he felt himself slow .
tr	7	" Hmm , " she purred softly , " this is nice .
tr	6	He put his impassive smile again and turned his look away .
tr	11	" Nurse , I have got to get up and get dressed , and get the police , and find them !
tr	5	They approached , careful and slow , weapons and shields raised .
tr	10	" What did I ever do to you that I should deserve such hate ? "
tr	7	" Promise me you 'll come back , " Erin pleads ... still crying , but much harder than before .
tr	9	I could just shoot him from cover and be done with it . "
tr	5	" Oh no you 're not , " Joey said .
tr	7	After the obligatory introductions , Davy Crockett stepped up onto the walkway and began an impromptu speech .
tr	8	Something about the way he said it worried Jimmy .
tr	7	A moment ago the place was miles and miles off , now it 's almost in my face .
tr	8	With a sigh , she leaned over to the middle of the table to grab some napkins .
tr	11	She preferred to smile , a thing that infuriated me .
tr	10	And I think I knew why .
tr	6	We continue through the night .
tr	7	With the sun high in the sky Lilly Grace went to the tree and picked up the urn .
tr	5	" Mmmm , " Jim nodded , " Very well .
tr	6	" Just now , " Jess said and sat in the couch .
tr	10	Chase suddenly paused and said , " I appreciate if you come . "
tr	8	Are you trying to open the door ?
tr	8	Nobody had found any working vehicles , and nobody else had had any run-ins with any other scavengers .
tr	7	Do you hear that ? "
tr	9	" I ... I guess ... I 'm always hopeful that ... " Sarah was at a loss for words .
tr	9	" Why did you let her do that to me ? "
tr	11	I saw the man had a huge handlebar moustache like it was 1974 all over again .
tr	11	I never liked the idea -- what happens if my sword breaks ?
tr	9	Let ' s return to the cave and make plans for another trap for him . "
tr	10	An investigation would have been made on Ivan and his close relatives .
tr	9	" If you must know , I perform the very honorable and noble service of facilitating romantic relationships online . "
tr	8	They both covered the area of the hallway with their guns - but it was still clear .
tr	6	But Eric 's just acquired knowledge of our intimacy raised my self-consciousness to a whole new level .
tr	7	Valerian rolled from the altar on the other side , and started for the opposite wall on all fours .
tr	10	Michael and Ben were overjoyed that at least one person shared their pity for the poor prisoner .
tr	8	Its bud was now as huge as the human fist and still , it continued to enlarge .
tr	10	" Okay , before , you said I was some kind of Cloak .
tr	7	" At least I 'm not the only cripple in this institution .
tr	9	she said stiffly , laying them out across her knees and examining her arms .
tr	9	I 've always respected the Marine Corps and think it 's a great institution .
tr	9	Tommy had started at chest level , but now the hole seemed to be higher up .
tr	7	He dropped his axe and beat the gate with both hands .
tr	8	A faraway voice said , " She 's alive , " and another one answered , " Not for long .
tr	10	Sydney was the first one over and she took off running like a horse and yelling , " Not it ! "
tr	10	She wasn 't able to participate in this lesson .
tr	7	In the uniform room there were outfits for air , desert , snow , night , and water operations .
tr	11	Even in the graying light he could make out the devastation that now lay upon his lands .
tr	10	They sacrificed - " " Do not speak to me of sacrifice , " Zelda sharply interrupts .
tr	10	In the end , there was really nothing to do but to go for it .
tr	5	" Well , in my opinion , the fitted one suits you best . "
tr	10	Tori : I have to get dressed and get breakfast .
tr	6	" No , no , no , we won 't , " persuaded Nora .
tr	7	Logan just steered us towards the looming mountains , and our chosen streets ran nearer to the shadowy peaks .
tr	5	But at the same time I don 't care . ' '
tr	7	He 's right ; books are so much better than people .
tr	9	They both had to laugh at that image .
tr	11	You must be the two new guys everybody is talking about , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
tr	5	" Atop a hill , " he whispered , open-mouthed .
tr	8	He looked at the officers in front of him .
tr	7	Reid looked over his shoulder , grabbed my arm and dragged me down into a thicket .
tr	7	What do we do with it now ? "
tr	9	" I am sure they are , Three Baskets , " said Waving Willow .
tr	11	She didn 't cross the street to go to him .
tr	10	Of course , this was what he wanted to do .
tr	9	I needed to stay steadfast , bury my fear and buy us some time .
tr	9	It was also just as pitch black dark as it was out in the hallways .
tr	8	I will help you , what do you need ? "
tr	9	I didn 't know whom he spoke to .
tr	10	Thoughts kept darting through his head -- bitter , angry and resentful thoughts .
tr	6	" I clamped these lids on tight last night .
tr	11	Sophia began to avoid having any contact with him .
tr	8	About that time Beau Myers returned out of breath , wearing captain 's rank .
tr	7	" Have a spoonful of this . "
tr	10	It 's starting to drive me crazy . "
tr	8	There 's more where that came from . "
tr	8	Rafe continued setting out the rye bread and chicken .
tr	5	No pollution or crime , and people are very relaxed and friendly .
tr	11	Grandmother would patiently deal with all the questions he asked her .
tr	7	" Do you mean it ? "
tr	9	The young man hadn 't said two words during the short trip from Mauna Kea .
tr	7	As he placed the bottle inside , he looked at Hagan and extended his other hand .
tr	5	She was his prisoner , right ?
tr	7	" She was very persistent for such a tiny creature , " Lew murmured , closing his eyes .
tr	6	" His idea , not mine , " Nate insisted , digging in his pocket for the keychain .
tr	10	There were only two courses open to anyone ; the roads of good and evil .
tr	8	He would never be a gifted swordsman , but that wasn 't the point of this training .
tr	8	Once the door closed behind me , I felt safe from any random , unexplained bullets .
tr	11	When he saw her look up at him he smiled and nodded then went to the back and opened the tailgate .
tr	11	As we walked back towards the empty house Topsy asked me what I would be doing with it .
tr	8	I only have one caveat , " Jason states , narrowing his eyes at her .
tr	6	" ' Then the old man touched the mud at his own feet .
tr	6	" So , by definition you 've rendered the ruling moot . "
tr	6	" Yeah , so you 've said , and no , I 'm not going .
tr	8	I see no herds on the plain , no signs of cultivation , or people moving about . "
tr	8	The wolf snarled loudly and growled in a low tone as he approached Hilda .
tr	8	Slowly lifting an arm into the light , he reveals the ocarina clutched in a golden gauntlet .
tr	8	She had been a little nervous of the feeling at first .
tr	6	The place seemed more like a small fort than a supply depot .
tr	6	Lars , this is our teacher , Helen . "
tr	9	The weight will be less and maybe we can fit these heavier ones into Maggie 's craft when she arrives .
tr	8	I folded the paper into a small square and gripped it in my hand before anyone noticed .
tr	8	His gaze went back to the mist in the distance .
tr	7	But I wanted to fight .
tr	10	I would lay my head against his chest and ... I swallow .
tr	5	With the artificial gravity out , they felt every bump , drop and maneuver .
tr	9	Within three months he had enticed several more experts from both the European Space Authority and NASA to join him .
tr	10	Harold meanwhile stayed busy improving the quality of life for everyone .
tr	10	It was crazy , but I was actually looking forward to bonding with Zeal .
tr	10	Eventually , Ted realized that the dogs weren 't looking through him at all .
tr	7	Kevin stepped onto the tiny platform and held the ropes .
tr	9	" Please keep trying , I don 't , " she starts as the door swings open behind her .
tr	9	" Creatures with higher intelligence ; in this case , the first Werewolves and Vampires .
tr	8	" I 've already told you my plan , kid , " Joe answered .
tr	8	Cisco is willing to learn .
tr	9	The cargo compartment was still half empty which suited him just fine .
tr	8	Mana moved and whispered something , and he forgot all about them .
tr	10	" The Archmage 's was not a dumb sorcerer to create a useless script . "
tr	11	But let him think whatever he wanted to .
tr	11	One that claimed to be flawless ?
tr	9	All finesse and veneer is stripped away and all that is left is survival .
tr	11	Taylor had not even considered that this tradition had survived in this remote area .
tr	10	I had something to say to you .
tr	7	Jessica cried , rubbing her head .
tr	5	His voice , his presence , made her hopeless situation a little brighter .
tr	11	Logan and I were to be abroad for at least a year , perhaps longer .
tr	10	As I followed the others I noted that they were veering off in three separate directions .
tr	10	" Well , yes I understand , but I 'm afraid that 's not possible .
tr	9	" And how do you know that , oh Captain of the Castle Gossips ? "
tr	8	With a sigh Claire turned her face back to the Lake and waited for the boat trip to end .
tr	7	Missed all the real vital stuff and exited cleanly out the back .
tr	9	" Why don 't you wait at the gate like everybody else ? "
tr	8	The wild animals threw themselves straight at the first row of cavalry .
tr	8	They walked out of the hotel room and were immediately escorted at a distance .
tr	9	Thorne pulled the blade out and moved to strike again .
tr	9	" Have you ever read any of them ? "
tr	5	CHAPTER 1 Home A blur of blue sky over my head .
tr	8	After stuffing them into his leather briefcase , he stopped and studied me .
tr	7	Unfortunately , that was only the last one percent of a complete flight .
tr	8	" Miss Miriam , " he said , " it is becoming very untidy in here .
tr	10	" Anyway , wasn 't long after Sykes come on board that the captain went ashore in Tortuga .
tr	9	" No , I didn 't tell her you were coming .
tr	7	The swells of the seas grew bigger and higher with every passing minute .
tr	7	" Come back Thursday ; no , make it Friday , and we 'll talk further . "
tr	9	Tristan nodded and held his arm eventually , " Take care of her . "
tr	5	Another deep breath , but this time she was quite clear , " yes . "
tr	11	And quit telling us to give to your stinking charities !
tr	7	" I 'm talking to one now . "
tr	10	They ate their meal in silence , the two Exiles enjoying the food and the brisk morning air .
tr	5	A happy accompaniment to meat , fish , fowl , eggs and many types of vegetable dishes .
tr	6	" Leave us , " she said hoarsely .
tr	5	" And what would that be ? "
tr	9	' Hi darling , that 's great . '
tr	8	Both men were intrigued by this totally new and interesting world .
tr	8	Do you know why ? "
tr	8	" Then I want to meet you .
tr	9	And of course , after the front line had swept past , he doubled back .
tr	7	Just then , the Captain emerged from the back door and strode across to the table .
tr	9	If he will take his medicine at time , he will be fine . "
tr	9	You 'll do whatever War Healer work is necessary .
tr	10	She said she prayed they were , too .
tr	7	Or you will watch her die . "
tr	11	The watcher shivered in the cold as he heard Stephens lock the front door .
tr	8	The pirate I was gambling against wasn 't let off the hook either .
tr	9	He pressed the tiny button of the gold timepiece and popped the cover , exposing the hands of time .
tr	9	To be honest , we haven 't seen that kind of action since the days of the war . '
tr	8	First , so he 'd have his hands free , he looped the shrunken head 's hair through his belt .
tr	6	' Yes , ' I replied with a frown .
tr	8	But she was a kindly lady and had pity on the old man .
tr	10	" They 're just too fast to counter , " Mai whines , unsure how Rift can best them .
tr	8	Unlike the mountain of a man she sat next to , the Exile girl was slight , lean , and quick .
tr	8	He glanced down , for the first time aware of a stinging in the muscles of his leg .
tr	6	At the same time , she and Kurt were pinned down .
tr	8	Letting loose a wild swing , she whacked the cougar on the side of the head .
tr	8	" So , witch , what should we do today ? "
tr	7	You will see in English the toilette sign . "
tr	10	She couldn 't call them on her own new cell phone , because the thing only worked for local calls .
tr	7	Despite her improved social standing in Saint Tropez , she shared her body with no one .
tr	10	" Don 't know , but it will be interesting to see . "
tr	5	Oh God , the great spotted one was almost her next door neighbour .
tr	10	Duchess Gwendolyn , killed her for not properly bowing to her . "
tr	6	His flat was torn up .
tr	7	" Where you guys going ? "
tr	8	Enjoy your stay in New Zealand , I understand it to be a beautiful country .
tr	11	Make it seem like I 'm a liability .
tr	7	We had a problem but no solution .
tr	6	" They 're fine , " Gabriel waved away his concern .
tr	7	The two had taken walks on the beach .
tr	6	The beams of our flashlights passed over the tiled walls and lit up our pale faces .
tr	7	" Whoa , you 're a heavy sleeper , Dad .
tr	7	I see right through you Nathaniel .
tr	9	" After Grand captured you , tortured you , why would he just let you go ? "
tr	7	Breaking out of the embrace , she faced Joseph .
tr	7	" Yes , dear , I will bring the coins to you in a moment . "
tr	8	More doors lined the walls , each one with a grille and a small opening on the bottom .
tr	6	" Madhu ... I ... don 't think ... " The cream sat heavy .
tr	8	It began snowing hard again late that afternoon .
tr	9	" In my quarters , come I will show you . "
tr	7	" We can gum up their engines , " McCutcheon slapped a hand on the table in glee .
tr	10	It was obvious they 'd had words .
tr	10	' Hoping she 'd have calmed down when she found it ? '
tr	9	And right now , that 's the best we can do . "
tr	10	Pure liquid hydrogen is the best protection against cosmic rays that we know of as scientists .
tr	11	We 're rather proud of our local shop , that 's all . "
tr	7	Actually , to be more accurate , I tracked HIM down .
tr	10	Beppe paused allowing Simon time to think .
tr	7	He sat in William 's study on the recliner , wearing his accelerometer suit .
tr	9	If it had come closer we would have been easily spotted . "
tr	6	The memories of a thousand late breakfasts leapt into his conscious thoughts .
tr	8	" Can you cut a straight line with a hand saw and drive a nail in straight ? "
tr	6	For the past two weeks , it had rained more or less continuously , night and day .
tr	9	" Now I 'm going to drive a radioactive dump truck ? "
tr	11	" How long did you say the ships had to black out for ? "
tr	8	The thought he could not finish would not fade .
tr	9	As Carol returned the courtesy I nodded over the intervening water to the Captain and thought ' size is important ' .
tr	6	" I can 't remember , " Mark admitted .
tr	9	Julio lay crumpled at the back of the cab his khaki shirt totally covered in blood , his face ashen .
tr	11	I 'm glad you agreed to come .
tr	5	Fail , fail , fail .
tr	8	And I think you 're smart , Sparky .
tr	8	" Do you know if here it 's a toilette or something ?
tr	9	Serena hopes Simone can hear it .
tr	9	Frank moved up to the ceiling and pulled himself along the beams until he reached the stairs .
tr	11	When you spend a lot of time in the field , you start obsessing about the opposite sex .
tr	11	Nora screamed when she saw the arrow pointed his way .
tr	7	The gentleman slammed his fist against the bulkhead , the movement rattling the cramped cabin .
tr	11	I had to know it was real .
tr	8	He had kept clear of women ever since .
tr	8	Although the lights above still shone bright , the day was a dark one .
tr	6	" Very well , " Neil said , rather disappointed .
tr	11	It was more like a trickle at first , an annoying side bar to the mainstream media channels .
tr	7	the question is ... ... ... ... .
tr	8	Damn brave thing to do though .
tr	6	I wanted an exciting job for some extra cash .
tr	9	He had to think of her first .
tr	8	" Oh my god , " whispered Logan when he saw it .
tr	9	Jones was waiting when she came out .
tr	7	It 's almost like full circle , please come out . "
tr	9	Downward he slipped : twenty feet , fifteen feet , ten feet toward the edge of the cliff .
tr	11	I stuck my head into the kitchen just far enough to look about .
tr	11	I want to kill Grand more than anything in the world . "
tr	11	The sound was almost mirrored by Mal as he immediately paused with a gasp of shock .
tr	6	" I am Captain Myers and this is my platoon .
tr	10	They didn 't seem to be losing any energy .
tr	6	Of course , the blue of her eyes wasn 't natural , just like the silver hair .
tr	8	It was interesting work and something both brothers loved .
tr	9	Even if we chiseled it out , it looks like its messed up pretty bad . "
tr	6	But at the same time he was afraid , is he really worthy ?
tr	9	Still climbing the steps , I glimpsed the messenger exchange some words with his counterpart .
tr	6	" Ready , " a faceless employee called back to him from somewhere across the room .
tr	10	Lucas knew that , but tried not to let it show .
tr	7	" You are as good and as just as they say , Mister President .
tr	9	Tom suggested they record but Raphael refused .
tr	7	After grabbing the book , Lucas returned to the couch and pulled the blanket up to his neck .
tr	6	Clearly she got to the body part bins before all the other little kids .
tr	6	Helm , open emergency portal alpha two and home in on the active beacon .
tr	9	' You get us in there and I 'll have your baby , or maybe even two ' .
tr	7	Liza shot her a reassuring look , but the woman didn 't acknowledge her .
tr	8	He was already wounded , losing blood quickly .
tr	10	He could take no pleasure in sharing the anecdote now ; somehow it too had become a half lie .
tr	7	He stood his ground , not giving up even an inch .
tr	5	" Where 's the patient ? "
tr	6	The three girls launched into work immediately .
tr	9	" Perhaps it is you they 're after .
tr	8	Brand snapped , overtaken with fury .
tr	7	She walked Dan closer to them .
tr	5	His bulk dwarfed her small frame .
tr	10	Amy dismissed the rage she saw flash across his face .
tr	10	They chose a small clearing hidden deep within the folds of the lower hills .
tr	10	I should do more to bring him along , Cal mused .
tr	7	The exploring of their tongues ignited fire in them both .
tr	7	Each considered her words for a brief moment , and then Christy and Jessica went upstairs .
tr	11	I was distracted when you were on the ship earlier .
tr	6	Her hunger pangs awoke her from sleep in the early afternoon .
tr	7	One took a step toward her and she shifted her aim toward him .
tr	8	She pulled up in front of the house later that day .
tr	8	" What do you think it is ? "
tr	11	Mr. Cole seemed to expect the surprised looks on their faces , and he chuckled .
tr	5	now there 's a coincidence ! "
tr	10	My brain felt like a bowling ball being swung back and forth inside my head with every little move .
tr	7	Like a silent sentinel looming above the freshly mowed grass was the town pine .
tr	10	To his brother , " Get the blanket , " as he eased the coyote into his arms .
tr	9	On the right an extremely neat , well organized work bench with tools hanging on the wall behind .
tr	8	Somebody -- no , two people -- had entered the room while she read .
tr	10	He thought it was bad for business .
tr	8	Claire , I need to see you .
tr	9	I could see he was scared , yet invigorated .
tr	9	Quickly realizing several of the children are carrying loafs of bread , Zelda decides to intervene .
tr	11	" I thought you were involved in the Internet business , Mark ? "
tr	6	Even four months after the blast , every station in North America ran that screen twice an hour for five minutes .
tr	6	" Anna ... lie here ... " He patted the black spot just over his heart .
tr	10	Hailey was relieved her mother 's ordeal was over for the year .
tr	8	Except it won 't be my room any more , she thought , not after tomorrow .
tr	8	It took Rafe no more than a second to recognise him .
tr	6	E 3 ( Herding children offstage ) : Alright kids bedtime E 2 , 4 , 5 : Nooo !
tr	9	I 'm going to send you something .
tr	8	" I will stand by your side and fight with you till my last breath .
tr	10	He had awoken hours earlier to drag the body out of sight .
tr	10	" It 's time to go " said Vivian and we all got up .
tr	7	He drove into him like a linebacker and tackled him to the mat .
tr	9	The kid demands , tugging on the hero 's tunic .
tr	10	Although , it took him a day before he knew what had happened to us . "
tr	7	Maddy led Bryony and Edwin through the arched door and up a steep spiral staircase .
tr	9	She really needed to take him to Washington some time .
tr	7	Lucas wasn 't so sure about that .
tr	7	No consumption of gasoline , diesel , natural gas , or kerosene is allowed without authorization until further notice .
tr	11	" And don 't speak unless you 're spoken to .
tr	6	Behind Nona , on the empty road , the shadow of a woman appeared .
tr	6	" I told you so , " my mother said , " I told you so . "
tr	10	' And thank you ; you gave it exactly what it needed . '
tr	7	' Hang on , there 's something else here ... ' His voice echoed deep within the box .
tr	9	For Wendy it was everything her mother constantly spoke of .
tr	8	" I left it at the entrance , " she said , pointing at her bag .
tr	7	The Searcher returned to Clancy across the glade and disappeared into the trees .
tr	8	" Good to see you too . "
tr	10	He found the camel tracks and wondered about them .
tr	8	She did not need the complication of his fears .
tr	8	Lots of people running alone , hiking away from others .
tr	9	Find a pilot from anywhere and get up there as fast as you can .
tr	8	The doctor nodded to an assistant and walked over to Jimmy 's body .
tr	11	It had never occurred to her that the same thing could happen to her mother .
tr	10	The sun came out from behind wispy grey clouds to warm their backs as they rode .
tr	10	Kenny was violently sick and didn 't see that his vomit was bright red .
tr	9	he was a mistake , we thought he was you and they followed me to him . "
tr	6	she protested , but Simon and Neil were now interested .
tr	10	His first clap was followed by a thundering applause and cheering and wild outbursts of primal joy .
tr	10	I 'd need a positive ID but he 's right at the top of my suspect list . "
tr	10	He explained what they were doing here and that he needed my help .
tr	5	These cherry wood furnishings and plush blankets aren 't exactly standard hospital issue . "
tr	8	She gently floated down the stairs , her feet barely touching the ground , never averting her gaze .
tr	7	Someone will be along with the ten grand . "
tr	6	Well , leather pants , at least , since it was much too hot for the full ensemble .
tr	9	Here he stood the pallets on end , completely blocking the aisle in one direction away from the door .
tr	8	Gabe moves on to pushups , executes twenty , thirty , forty with ease .
tr	7	It 's just that ... that ... " Her dark figure shuddered , her head leaned toward him .
tr	7	' I met up with our new client , ' I muttered .
tr	11	I wasn 't sure I wanted to know .
tr	8	Gee , maybe I learned a lot from Mrs. Buckley in fourth grade after all .
tr	5	" What the hell for ? "
tr	8	As she got out of the car , she could hear the noise from the road below .
tr	8	Go , while there 's time . "
tr	10	The one always rushing off on trips for her scrapbooking business or locked away in her bedroom , working .
tr	8	* * * Danny and Amy stepped onto the pavement still hot from summer 's early arrival .
tr	9	He isn 't my first boyfriend , just the first one who matters .
tr	9	Archie and the owner , Mr Tasker went into an office to complete the lease agreement for the plane .
tr	7	The poison coursed back up my leg , then down the other , and I focused on that sensation .
tr	8	I need to go home .
tr	9	I couldn 't tell if I was screaming or not .
tr	8	Shocked , he looked at the doctor but he squeezed his shoulder .
tr	7	Would a stiff whisky and a warm fire help get some colour back in your cheeks ? "
tr	6	I got in a few good kicks .
tr	9	He sometimes felt he was their servant , but they enjoyed it , and truthfully , so did he .
tr	11	You need to join on the 15th of this month .
tr	11	I 'm not sure I could sit through Mass. .
tr	9	" Okay , " Link glanced around nervously , his face pale in the bright sun .
tr	9	she asked , as she pushed herself into a sitting position .
tr	11	Alejo held out his hand as Mr. Cole reached forward to shake it firmly .
tr	9	I see you have brought tents .
tr	6	No spirits strengthened through suffering .
tr	9	They 're getting ready to leave . '
tr	6	" Here , boy , let me see that leg . "
tr	8	" Looking forward to it Captain , " Warrior replies warmly .
tr	6	" Feeling , even now , the way your heart beats against my hand . "
tr	8	Your grandfather fought France to stop such bilge , for heaven 's sake . "
tr	10	In the one corner near the window was the tub for her bath , a luxury on a ship .
tr	11	I thought we did that a while ago , ' said Reid dully .
tr	7	Doctor Dresden , the moment we dock , move the captain to the integration chamber and begin your procedure . "
tr	8	Almost a mile long , it was also home to the Zurich Hauptbahnhof , Switzerland 's largest railway station .
tr	11	He suddenly felt extremely guilty about what was happening , and he quickly looked away .
tr	7	The man crossed himself , closing his eyes .
tr	7	He paused now and looked around expectantly , and Reggie thought even a little apprehensively .
tr	9	She looks up from her console with annoyance and gazes at Jason with petulant eyes .
tr	6	He stayed up a long while after that thinking .
tr	6	" You will not touch her again , Falcon .
tr	6	On her parents ' bed , in the afternoon , with the door locked and people milling about outside .
tr	9	A carpet of gold was laid beneath it with soft cushions of red .
tr	8	" I didn 't see Kate 's car , " said David .
tr	10	We knew that we had been discovered and attacked , immediately .
tr	11	The moment I got a chance , I slipped away from the pirate who kept me in his hut . "
tr	10	He ran the file over to Drake , a smile beaming across his face .
tr	8	She scrambled off the bed and climbed onto the pull-down mattress next to Claire .
tr	8	Gravity aided the gambit driving the wound downward and slowing his harsh decent .
tr	9	It wasn 't her fault if the sickness keeping her away was Branden 's and not hers .
tr	10	The air around them seemed to compress , and then it exploded outward with the sound of thunder .
tr	5	" First , she and I will , " Callum told him .
tr	7	You didn 't hear any human noise , no cars , no talking , and no phones .
tr	9	she was the most beautiful woman the young captain had ever seen .
tr	10	It was time to get her hands dirty .
tr	8	You and me both , brother , Lucas thought , as the man went on .
tr	10	Just don 't tell us anything that 's classified . "
tr	5	" Where are we ? "
tr	10	" Oh my love , call me or write to me an e-mail when you will arrive .
tr	9	Sofia watched as raindrops fell on the ground .
tr	11	" The daughter of General Goldwyn , the leader of the Armies of the Exiled Kindred themselves ? "
tr	6	Aidan shut his eyes , gave out a heavy sigh , and then took the bait .
tr	7	' That 's none of your concern .
tr	8	" So you 're a brainless witch after all , " Chase said with a scorn .
tr	6	And the more agony they inflicted , the more screams they elicited , the stronger they became .
tr	11	" Are the two of you returning home with us or remaining here ?
tr	8	His gaze was far away as he thought .
tr	5	All that perfect hair , and what color are those eyes anyway ?
tr	6	The public bought it - with the help of Hollywood .
tr	5	" State you name and purpose , " he said mechanically .
tr	10	Let 's go to that pub and get your passport shall we ? "
tr	7	I close the lid of my laptop .
tr	7	His camera crew and mike operator closed in on him for maximum effect .
tr	7	Look here , the salary is only forty pounds per annum . "
tr	7	Jimmy pulled up to the gas pumps to refuel .
tr	9	Now I need to see about Eva and Jacob .
tr	10	" Do you have somewhere I can change first ? "
tr	11	It 's possible they have different models with different functions , " Lisa suggests .
tr	10	All of a sudden every tourist pointing a camera in my direction became the enemy .
tr	10	Moments later , Chris heard soft whistling , followed by someone singing in a not unpleasant tenor .
tr	6	He almost missed the writing on the rough toilet paper in the stall .
tr	7	She shrugged her shoulders and dropped down on the shelf .
tr	8	Mai calls , latching onto his wrist .
tr	10	" You said ' were ' eight of us .
tr	10	He attributed it to her love of and rapport with wild animals and left it at that .
tr	8	That had to be it !
tr	8	Behind him , Anatole was dragging a second wounded immortal towards the containment door .
tr	7	From then on you were just their chauffeur . "
tr	7	" No , I cannot , Rick , " she answered just as evenly as everything else .
tr	7	He was the shortest of the four .
tr	9	The darkness of the interstellar voids where the temperature never rises above absolute zero .
tr	7	Throughout the night the sounds of a Barn Owl kept him awake so by dawn he needed more rest .
tr	10	She was staring at him open-mouthed and blushing at his state of undress , he noticed .
tr	8	This doesn 't look good , " Navi murmurs , studying the damage but keeping her distance .
tr	8	Then he floated into the end hatch , leaving the others open .
tr	7	Connie dived in , recovered it , and handed it to me .
tr	8	The man sitting with her pretended a sudden intense interest in the surfers , his ears a dark red .
tr	7	There was a trial and a sentence and for the last time the poor goblin was made a public spectacle .
tr	9	They give us the brochures and we try to whip up some business .
tr	6	And she felt just destroyed .
tr	6	She wore her usual black , a sexy lace T-shirt , silk trousers , and those delicious spiked black boots .
tr	6	Gentlemen , this is the Captain 's lady , Penny . "
tr	10	She didn 't want to hurt him , and she did love the garden .
tr	11	If his mother were here she would embrace Adele and tell her that all would be fine .
tr	8	" Standing here , day after day , watching and waiting , day and night . "
tr	8	His face is dirty -- there 's dirt in his hair , too .
tr	8	Did you copy , partner ? "
tr	5	" Ah the sister , finally .
tr	8	I 've got to go ! "
tr	5	Beautiful old houses , cafes , and offbeat retail stores dotted the summit and slope .
tr	10	I would probably feel the same , why are you here anyway ? "
tr	7	She slogged across the spiky grass on her bare feet and scooped up her backpack .
tr	9	That leaves Sgt. Dreher in charge of his old platoon .
tr	11	I want to explain what happened that day .
tr	8	How could he be more obvious than this ?
tr	10	It was enough to drive a man crazy .
tr	9	Everyone was screaming in rage , defiance and fear as they cut down the remaining infantry .
tr	6	At last , the spirit of Wolf Eyes would be defeated .
tr	8	He sat down and was helped off with his plastic limbs .
tr	11	What makes you think Terra will ?
tr	7	I joined the pair at the table as my stomach rumbled .
tr	10	You get well soon Captain , and think about what I 've said . "
tr	9	They were brought roasted deer meat , roasted tubers , flat bread and sassafras tea .
tr	9	Connor let go of Maria 's hand and stooped to put down his bags .
tr	9	" Why don 't I come with you to get some ? "
tr	11	" What 's ... " I felt like a child who had only basic verbal skills .
tr	8	A good spy does not let emotions cloud her mission .
tr	8	Rough palms thrust my face into the planks of the floor .
tr	7	If you do , not only will they kill me , but , they will kill you , too . "
tr	8	She rose up to her full height , addressing the council and their queen as equals .
tr	10	But you have to stop blaming yourself .
tr	9	Let me tell the whole of it . "
tr	10	For once she wanted to leave behind something more than destruction and death .
tr	7	It was him , the boy 's best friend .
tr	7	" I spoke to General Sampson last month , " said Anderson , " and he just stalled for more time .
tr	9	The way he moved and the way he handled his weapons screamed to her .
tr	10	Looking around the room , I understood why the Minister hadn 't invited me to his office before .
tr	8	The cave was approximately 20 metres deep with a boulder at the opposite end .
tr	11	" You see , angels aren 't exactly the Precious Moments figurines society likes to think .
tr	8	" The people who deserted this city must have taken all their treasures with them .
tr	7	Held aloft by four stalwart pillars , a platform stands alone high above the whirlpool below .
tr	9	Please select the suspension and gears setting for your drive " softly stated the female computer voice .
tr	9	" John , please stop asking me that , " Sarah said .
tr	6	" Easy now , they are friends , " Auron patted the bird 's wet feather .
tr	9	She was arrogant , just as the others were , and now you see what has happened . "
tr	11	" Son , I can 't tell you how sorry I am we can 't have more time together .
tr	11	I 'm all for taking responsibility for my actions , but where do you stop ?
tr	7	He 'd put himself last , and me first .
tr	6	" It also means my father , your grandfather has passed .
tr	7	" We 're over the English Channel , " Archie yelled over his shoulder .
tr	9	She jumped to her feet and started bouncing up and down on the bed .
tr	7	Sarah heard the noise behind her and instinctively turned toward it .
tr	8	Ryan is unsure of his drawing skills , but he is brilliant .
tr	11	Shots bounced off the blade as I climbed the first steps , Victor and Costas close at my back .
tr	8	Aria runs her fingers down Maya 's cheek , smiling at her .
tr	10	What fools they had been !
tr	9	Another loud thunderclap followed by a brilliant flash of green lightning illuminated the sky .
tr	10	The enormous Highlander appeared at his side and Aries jerked a thumb toward the door .
tr	10	Do we dare try again ? "
tr	7	The restless night , coupled with an early start , was taking its toll .
tr	11	It was a cloudless , sunny day with a definite bite of cold in the air .
tr	6	Once , Kasey Wellington , the Park City tight end , had stolen the Boulder .
tr	9	A hot sting in my right arm and the trailing smoke of his gun -- - the idiot shot me !
tr	9	Maybe even some of the men if they were being honest .
tr	7	Though Will tried the satellite phone again and again , still he could not raise a signal .
tr	10	It engaged Laura in a new sensation , her eyes anticipating each stroke .
tr	6	" Something just happened here , didn 't it ? "
tr	10	This was just someone pretending to be her .
tr	6	Out of chaos , I have created a well balanced economic system . "
tr	9	He grabbed the camera and took several pictures of the girls , capturing their complete bliss , overflowing with pride .
tr	11	Are you going to make me ? "
tr	5	" You 're mighty fine , missy !
tr	6	" I 'll block you .
tr	8	" In fact , I expect by now , he 's already been hung . "
tr	9	Everyone was overjoyed to see each other .
tr	8	she asked him , " That was quite a show ! "
tr	6	" I have not , " answered the mellifluous voice of Vain Glory .
tr	7	Riki looked up at him for a moment and whispered , " Yes , I do . "
tr	5	" You too , Rich , " he responded .
tr	11	I wondered if she knew she was different .
tr	8	replied Simon , already knowing which drug cartel ' Beta ' was referring to .
tr	10	He shove off her hands but she kept on clinging to him .
tr	6	" And just in time too , " Neil said .
tr	6	After a second 's hesitation , the boy replied , ' Thad , sir . '
tr	10	His sharp eyes locked on hers for only a moment before flicking to Landon and back again .
tr	9	Several figures were loading a large amount of gear into the rear of the fuselage .
tr	5	One of fear at her condition and one of wonder .
tr	7	I sat in shock , my mouth open wide in bewilderment .
tr	8	He decided to change the subject .
tr	7	( She could switch the Russian accent on and off at will ) .
tr	10	The girls wept as Jenkins yanked them out of the closet and ordered them to the floor .
tr	11	They need to know I 'm alive .
tr	8	To show so much of herself was a first .
tr	10	I guessed he might have been Spanish or Polish .
tr	6	A pall of thick , oily smoke clung to the horizon , blanketing the city with a viscous fog .
tr	7	He wanted to slap Sebastian , but in this moment too many things happened at once .
tr	10	I 'm pretty well prepared to defend our position , " Ted said .
tr	7	" That 's not what my fake ID says . "
tr	8	Write that down , Sparky ! "
tr	5	For many long moments , we just sat .
tr	6	You had us on a real goose chase there for a while . "
tr	5	+ + + Big Red Lever Time + + + Query + + + NO .
tr	6	" So what are you worried about ?
tr	6	Half an hour later , Brazil and Raegan crept down the hall and then the front door opened and closed .
tr	9	" Yes , " he said , sitting forward , " where are they ? "
tr	7	She bravely smiled at her family and they held her for a moment in silence .
tr	8	His imagination merged the missing parts back into place and suddenly he could see it .
tr	10	It was clear that skulking around Dartmoor National Park hadn 't found favour .
tr	6	Cisco raised himself to his full height .
tr	6	" Hey Danny , your girlfriend Tori 's here , " he yelled and laughed .
tr	9	" What are you planning as the rest of the crew ?
tr	11	I know what 's going to happen .
tr	10	I thought he was one of them ! "
tr	7	Instinctively he twisted it , and with all his strength , he sent the brute straight to the ground .
tr	8	Lui non a dormir depuis deux jours . "
tr	10	She used to be good at this .
tr	6	" That 's a ridiculous question , " Paris said , his eyes narrowing .
tr	8	All agreed it was a marvel .
tr	7	" They used the same trick on the opening , they matched the paint to a sharp right turn .
tr	11	Danny said as if turning Amy 's words over to see how they fit .
tr	6	Naturally aggressive and territorial , their response to an unknown male was lethal more often than not .
tr	6	Standing , Warrior 's head is now at her eye level .
tr	9	Once he had collected his luggage , he looked around for a place to get himself a coffee .
tr	8	Zoe opened both of her eyes wide and puffed out her cheeks , eventually breaking into a smile .
tr	9	I seemed to be by myself .
tr	9	Unfortunately , his pessimism was proven to be justified .
tr	5	" And the axe and the knives . "
tr	7	This is how the universe works .
tr	11	They both knew the vulnerability of the guards , and that they could use this to their advantage .
tr	9	" I 'll stay with you until they know , " Alejo said finally .
tr	9	" Come on , we should have been at the lake by now , " Mai points out impatiently .
tr	10	Blood coated the steps leading into the farm 's courtyard , and bodies , some wounded and writhing , waited below .
tr	6	Despite the best medical help , Sam would always carry an impressive scar .
tr	10	Let that come if it comes .
tr	5	' I know , but I just did . '
tr	6	" Sir , " Thing One 's voice crackles in his earpiece .
tr	6	When nothing happened , Ackerman 's eyes flew open in surprise and shock .
tr	5	" Sweetie , the girl isn 't even human . "
tr	7	Each of you has signed your life away for the next twenty-four months .
tr	5	" Hurry up and pack , my little butterfly , " Nate said .
tr	10	On the other hand , what if it was a set up ?
tr	8	Last man that did that I took my time killing .
tr	11	Adele murmured her apologies , and continued to pull the comb through Eda 's hair .
tr	7	I 'll stay in touch with Toby . "
tr	10	Kenji could tell she was failing fast .
tr	7	After a while Soldado went back to sea and commanded freighters for a long time .
tr	11	Some of what went before will have to be part of their present behavior .
tr	6	" I don 't got a week . "
tr	6	She kissed his forehead , then his eyes and nose , then his cheeks and lips , then over his neck .
tr	5	" Maybe , " Jess agreed , " but it fits . "
tr	5	" But those ages are just allegorical , not the literal truth . "
tr	10	The grandeur ebbed slightly as she entered the depths of the main house .
tr	10	Stop begging me to forgive you .
tr	8	Laying back he recognised rushed bits .
tr	7	Dad , you were wonderful , and I thank you for your example .
tr	7	He turned , picked up his gear , and headed for the terminal .
tr	5	" An understatement , for sure , " Lars said .
tr	11	Gizmo was instructed to wear nothing but the robe .
tr	8	The Corporal jumped to the Captain 's side and waved the tracking equipment over the card .
tr	11	I stared at the glass wall , uncertain how I felt about that statement .
tr	6	" And ' it ' is ' they ' ... twins , my queen . "
tr	11	It was the seal on the face of the Book of the Broken .
tr	10	He flicked the butt of a cigarette toward the fort and yelled , " We see you ! "
tr	8	" Yes , you may verify it , of course " she replied .
tr	6	" He 's fine , " said Toby .
tr	7	A military knife lay on the ground , the handle melted .
tr	9	He was very thin , with dark circles around his eyes and his skin was pale .
tr	8	I remained very surprised with my mouth opened , literally .
tr	8	They all looked at each other , hope dawning in their eyes .
tr	9	the man said before getting up and running on again .
tr	6	But even as those teeth parted , the face froze in shock , in recognition .
tr	9	and immediately rushed off to search for his former employee .
tr	5	" Okay , so different probably wasn 't the best word . "
tr	5	" Only minutes ago , " her mother , Lora , said . " '
tr	9	She pauses to look at him .
tr	10	Wasn 't his death a sign that he wasn 't ruling justly ? "
tr	9	He tried to smile naturally , but the best he could do was an odd sort of grimace .
tr	7	They had entered the atmosphere , and five shuttles attacked them instead of just one .
tr	10	The other prisoners followed by necessity , as they were all still connected by thick chains .
tr	9	You don 't want them to sting you . "
tr	11	These guys are dressed just like the group that attacked Azure .
tr	9	Do you have apple juice ? "
tr	10	Think we can handle it ? "
tr	7	" I just heard the poem and you 're right , it was very good and that 's not like you ?
tr	7	" Alas , only the same choices as yesterday , " she answered sadly .
tr	6	" Well , I just told you , so now you do .
tr	7	" Would you like a cup of tea ?
tr	7	It was opened by an elderly gentleman .
tr	11	He had hardly taken one step when Kyra thrust a foul-smelling cloth over his mouth .
tr	10	Yes , yes , we can take care of that in a jiffy . "
tr	9	" What house do you wan na be in ? "
tr	5	Sea people , land people , shifters , suckers , witches , regular humans .
tr	11	He was sure she was one of them .
tr	8	He still knelt in front of her , tightly holding her arms .
tr	9	We 'll follow when we can , and things should sort themselves out from there . "
tr	9	The path finally levelled off and the vans pulled to a stop in front of a waterlogged field .
tr	10	Julia learned to enjoy riding horses .
tr	9	The kind of horrible thought that couldn 't be undone .
tr	7	I draw a halo over the wings .
tr	6	" Either way , it 's too late now , " said Mac .
tr	9	Both men 's faces turned menacing , especially Manuel 's , whose face distorted into an ugly grimace .
tr	8	One slave girl said she was pregnant .
tr	9	Mark looked at the slim cell phone , wondering how it worked .
tr	6	Avalon and I really are just friends , " I put my pencil down and looked out the window .
tr	9	They obviously had entered a world of learning and teaching .
tr	11	She was determined to keep everything on track , and so very happy to do so .
tr	9	It wasn 't much later in the day that they received a fax from London .
tr	5	" No pubs , that 's the problem .
tr	5	" Four two , this is Four , over . "
tr	8	Calling to the Priestess to stop , Gan whistled at the dogs .
tr	6	" So where is he now on his new toy ? "
tr	7	Victor and Reid were visible beyond the glass .
tr	7	How far you have fallen .
tr	5	" Not yet , " he said .
tr	8	I couldn 't even imagine you doing that aerospace engineering stuff .
tr	7	And then Toby couldn 't help it , it all came out , ' But it 's over , Crawley .
tr	8	The empty peach can flew across the storeroom to land , clattering across the concrete floor .
tr	9	I stopped in my tracks , right at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	10	Dallas became a city because it was located on a rail line .
tr	10	By then there would be no more danger of the ants discovering them .
tr	6	Sally gave him a rather chaste kiss on the cheek , all things considered .
tr	6	" I 'll just put the kettle on . "
tr	10	' Do you know what he did ? '
tr	7	" Cal , meet me out on the south path right away . "
tr	7	The conductors prodded the chained prisoners and pushed Simon and Miriam , and they all shuffled towards the figure .
tr	7	Grandfather picked up his AK-47 , put the sling over his shoulder and let the weapon fall onto his chest .
tr	9	She is your mother and you obviously love her and she loves you .
tr	9	I curl my hands into fists , bite my lip , push my nails into the flesh of my palms .
tr	8	Someone knew they were here .
tr	10	Their back muscles strained as they pulled Mana 's limp body over the edge .
tr	6	Chapter 8 The Black Kingdom , Eleven Months Later ... Bronwyn smiled at me .
tr	7	" He is not your friend , not anymore , " She interrupted .
tr	8	" Pull up a chair , John , " Fritz started , " wan na try my latest concoction too ? "
tr	6	Without further words , the Inspector directed Simon to the police car .
tr	8	He looked out of the windows of the study .
tr	9	That is what we need for the militia . "
tr	8	He rushed over , hearing a blunt voice speaking to her in a frightful manner .
tr	9	We have the lead , so let 's get them saddled up .
tr	7	There were no visible nameplates or signs outside it .
tr	10	Didn 't quite go the way I had hoped . "
tr	9	Simon decided to leave his schoolbooks and writing items in his locker .
tr	10	She was wondering where they were going to .
tr	8	Chapter 27 : Miguel Returns to Corona Miguel 's knees ached , making his sleep less restful .
tr	8	Kaylie decided to check the rope , just to make sure .
tr	11	" You could say I survived a crisis of conscience . "
tr	10	It fell and unraveled five slots big enough to fit a dictionary .
tr	7	With him gone -- well , perhaps Miss Cantwell will find other interests . "
tr	10	People fell down from exhaustion because the captain refused to stop .
tr	6	The room held an old-fashioned , long wooden table , six heavy chairs , and a macabre crucifix on the wall .
tr	6	A chorus of gripes and complaints ensued .
tr	6	In two minutes they made the first junction uneventfully , and paused .
tr	11	" I can 't believe you can do this , " she said .
tr	7	" I have served many clients and cannot remember a single one . "
tr	11	John went silent again while everyone looked at him with varying degrees of concern .
tr	8	and she vanished into his embrace as he devoured her lips once again .
tr	8	It made quite a bloody mess of his face , and the guards got to him just after that . "
tr	10	" Rich as hell and bored of buying all the crap they could ever want .
tr	6	A really bad accident ... In addition , it is not your business .
tr	6	" The wire in the house was all frayed , worn out .
tr	11	The idea of him making up stories to trick her was laughable .
tr	9	- I am sorry I am late .
tr	10	asked Simon whilst examining a small computer not much bigger than a small diary .
tr	8	Water came out Malcolm 's nose when he laughed .
tr	7	Landon asked , eyeing them curiously .
tr	7	Gurney was quiet for a few seconds .
tr	11	Not that I 've ever figured out what to say to Robert .
tr	6	Are we not both members of a high and ancient order , most excellent in Middle-earth ?
tr	6	It 's only 9 now , right ? "
tr	7	Melody accepted the bandanna without a word and blew her nose on it .
tr	7	Lunch was sent up , and Miriam thankfully put her pen down .
tr	6	" She drank some nasty stuff , I think .
tr	8	His knee pops , and it 's such a normal little thing that I almost laugh .
tr	6	Freddy Dobbs , not quite the ladies ' man , had a large nose , thick brown eyebrows and bad acne .
tr	10	She drew a fine chain over her head with the key dangling from it and tossed it to Elaina .
tr	9	The only thing he had in mind was to push his way towards the hidden river .
tr	9	I 'm not going to hurt you . "
tr	9	You 'll have to climb down the cliff . "
tr	9	She stood up and placed her fingertips on the arm that he held out .
tr	5	Chapter 14 " Whatcha doin ' , empty , " Chad couldn 't resist .
tr	11	Giving it up , he followed her on the path , digesting the conversation he had just overheard .
tr	7	Josh turned at her words and gave Claire a strange look , almost a glare .
tr	9	They stopped their bikes on the hill overlooking the scene and said nothing .
tr	8	From there it would be a straight shot to the back gate .
tr	9	Lea started to worry about it .
tr	10	I swear I am surrounded by listener birds !
tr	9	She had to write to Mother .
tr	11	She started to write in the beginning of 2010 after she found herself isolated and without work .
tr	5	" Fine , no problem , Alejo . "
tr	9	Flex cuffs , most likely , if the tingling in her fingers was any indication .
tr	10	I guess it was because of work , but I don 't know .
tr	10	I listened , hoping she would answer .
tr	8	I wanted so much to ease his discomfort .
tr	11	" But what is it she wants to find ? "
tr	8	The bear looked at him then emitted a low throaty growl , even softer this time .
tr	9	She often called him Dad at home , but always ' Uncle Ricky ' in public -- because it embarrassed him .
tr	5	' Days a horse dat isn 't dere , sure enough . '
tr	10	It was over in a manner of minutes , the Kindred fleeing before the onslaught of the five massive forms .
tr	11	Matthew could hardly believe the possibility of working in a circus .
tr	11	" Why don 't you just take all the clothes off of your bed so she can sleep there , Pigpen ?
tr	5	The other girls hurriedly shucked their clothes as well .
tr	6	The sensation of impossible warmth pulled him from the brink .
tr	6	During all this enjoyment and good science the threat of a possible jail incarceration never entered our minds !
tr	6	About ten years ago , the wreck of an old freighter washed ashore in Orleans .
tr	6	A Theory Independently developed By George Walter Collins Ph.D. .
tr	10	He was reaching out to drain me , but I pulled the barrel between us .
tr	7	" Are we getting closer ? "
tr	11	It seems to be pulling us in at an angle .
tr	8	Should there be technical problems , listen in at this station at exactly 1 PM on subsequent days .
tr	8	Look what you 've done .
tr	9	With that he stood up , opened the door and walked out into the lobby closing the door behind him .
tr	11	" Big enough that we had to destroy the entire site just to get it out . "
tr	11	By Sol , she would never get used to waiting for him .
tr	7	I kept silent , so as him .
tr	6	" Goodnight , everyone , " I said , and gave my aunt and uncle a quick kiss .
tr	10	Tanks on their own were easier to hit from the flank where the armor wasn 't as heavy .
tr	6	the call from the crow master resounded from the main mast four days later .
tr	9	' Your dad doesn 't think music is a worthy pursuit ? '
tr	6	" Now , Mrs. Byrne , " she invited , " tell me about you . "
tr	10	You 're the only one they 've got tonight .
tr	9	We picked up speed as we went from a walk , to a jog , to a run .
tr	8	Chris turned away , embarrassed by it as usual .
tr	9	Sorry to run into you .
tr	8	" Adele , what is it ?
tr	7	The Bible would be staying here .
tr	7	" Let 's go there ! "
tr	7	" But at least there was a hot brunette in it . "
tr	11	He tracked them as they looped around a small path quietly killing a few more as they went back south .
tr	5	The second man dropped his spotlight and swam quickly away .
tr	9	A former Navy Seal , with no family , Atlas had been selected for his combat skills and extensive training .
tr	7	" At least somebody agrees with me around here , " declared the old man , not moving .
tr	8	" Shall we follow them ? "
tr	7	" Is there a fence or anything ? "
tr	5	Courtney Cole 147 With My Last Breath , Book Three " My love , " he began .
tr	9	I looked at the rear view mirror and spotted the black mouth of the weapon on top of the pursuing vehicle .
tr	8	For I have come from the Caliph 's court .
tr	8	" You forgot to pay your bill . "
tr	6	Only the constant movement of his twisting feet gave anything away .
tr	8	It took time , but finally the two pieces of cargo were secure and the shuttle roof doors closed and sealed .
tr	7	Finally , when it was already late that evening , Father reluctantly gave in .
tr	8	" I 've spent the last four days on a constant damn workout routine .
tr	9	Now that I 'm home I can muck in and help wherever necessary .
tr	8	Except that matters soon escalate way beyond anything any of these groups expected .
tr	8	We were indeed late , and they were waiting for us .
tr	11	she managed to wonder before everything went black .
tr	6	After that , you 're on your own . '
tr	8	Just as he had hoped , it contained a flat cake of ship 's biscuit .
tr	5	Concetta and Antonio and their daughter were there as well .
tr	9	She ran up to the top of the bleachers and read what was written .
tr	5	" Yep , those fucking mines , " laughed Nina .
tr	8	And right in front of their eyes there flickered famous clips from various documentary films that they had seen .
tr	10	Hailey had always been the best of jumpers in her family .
tr	10	Melody went back to work on Ted 's hair .
tr	7	He couldn 't have known , " I said .
tr	9	With arms open wide , a cheesy grin on my face , I dreamed of running into her arms .
tr	9	The kitchen had sent bread and cheese , along with a small corked pitcher of cider .
tr	6	As the crowd dispersed , a girl with pink pigtails emerged with fists on her hips .
tr	6	" Class Tens , the four of them , brilliant ac dangerous ac cruel , right after mine own heart . "
tr	9	How had he managed to destroy a Daemon ?
tr	11	The fact is we have placed far too much reliance on the financial markets and their allies .
tr	8	I felt this was a good sign .
tr	7	I am afraid for him .
tr	8	" Get in the car , " he tells me with the quiet menace of a rattlesnake .
tr	11	She preferred to meet somewhere for the hand-over of the contract .
tr	5	" No doubt you now regret our bargain ? "
tr	7	" Oh , just wait till your father gets back from golfing . "
tr	10	" I 'd be glad to welcome her here .
tr	10	" I thought the funeral and the legal arrangements would go on forever , but Fortescue came through as usual .
tr	10	Lord knows Sebastian had lost enough .
tr	7	Monti has spotted the dingo , and it is alone , in the shade , under a big tree .
tr	9	The mountain facing them seemed to reach right up to the sky .
tr	6	Mark reached out a finger and touched the heart .
tr	11	Not after having started a big gang war just to get his woman back .
tr	6	Out of oily paper he unpacked six claymore mines , wire and a small transmitter .
tr	8	Did God heal the woman I loved ?
tr	10	He 'll be on contract for a year then we 'll see where it goes from there .
tr	11	All he had to do now was wait .
tr	10	I guess too many men run off and leave the woman literally holding the baby .
tr	7	He walked to his grand cabin and plopped down in his chair .
tr	10	" Do you want to win ? "
tr	9	She loved getting under Robert 's skin .
tr	8	" David , I 'm not sure about this , " Sarah said .
tr	11	Swinging back , I saw my little Lilly wipe a crystal tear from her golden eyes .
tr	10	Are you going to tell him he can trust me ? "
tr	10	' You are forgetting about my squadron of fighters ' I politely reminded him .
tr	6	And so the girl gave her the coin , and the angel gently took her hand .
tr	9	He was the most honored of the Brotherhood of Weavers .
tr	6	" Let 's start with this one first , " said Auron , " give me the prince 's treasure . "
tr	8	A snake making the pattern of a serpentine was her best description at this point .
tr	6	With a graceful swerve and a swoop , Beth placed herself amongst the Egyptians once more .
tr	7	Her face was badly scratched from the constant struggle through the underbrush .
tr	6	' I 'm trying , ' the driver replied steadily .
tr	6	With each pulse , my breath grew shorter , more heated .
tr	9	Who had put a bomb on her bus .
tr	7	The ship finally stopped moving and with it so did the distraught world .
tr	6	I lifted one up , examined it and took a bite .
tr	10	" Are we free to leave ? "
tr	5	Inside the bag , inside the tissue paper , Sophie discovered a slim silver bracelet .
tr	10	The wolves understand there 's a power in him . "
tr	9	The pile was about to fall over .
tr	8	" Speak and be heard , that 's what he told me .
tr	9	We have very little supplies and a long way to go . "
tr	6	" And how is your family , my dear friend ? "
tr	11	I don 't know how long we can go on this way .
tr	9	We need to stop you hurting .
tr	9	That is where we must start our story .
tr	11	They took several more shots until they were zeroed and then Joshua decided to bring it home to them .
tr	5	" Did they find the false floor ? "
tr	10	Beppe wondered if they would run into Kevin at the house .
tr	6	A few days later she brought the subject up over dinner .
tr	5	My family 's honor demanded vengeance .
tr	6	Sam grins , changing the subject completely as if the understands my awkwardness to the situation .
tr	11	And he said -- what ? '
tr	8	I want to continue our talk .
tr	7	" What 's taking him so long ? "
tr	7	From under his blouse Gan drew a silver whistle on a leather thong and put it between his teeth .
tr	9	Miriam waited until they had left , and she got up and followed them .
tr	7	A huge chain was driven right into the rock .
tr	7	Taking it out of the chest she examined it in the light more closely .
tr	10	She and Oh No made another left turn to more steps that went straight down .
tr	9	Andy wanted to turn and run but he could see the look of distress on Archie 's face .
tr	7	Robbie looked out over the crowd and suddenly waved two men over .
tr	7	Other places along the river were much wider and deeper with more soft bottoms and currents . "
tr	10	She looked a bit like a snake getting ready to strike .
tr	5	He just ... just stole you away .
tr	7	She hopped onto the banister and slid , much more slowly , after him .
tr	10	Following that we will target serial burglars and known anti social activities .
tr	7	Quickly , she went to his side , grasped the cup and pulled it from his hands .
tr	8	But that calf ought to be bandaged . "
tr	9	With one suave move , he whipped the serving tray out and let it clatter to the floor .
tr	8	" Hmm , " Mai chirps , confused by the lack of results .
tr	10	Of course , Finnigan protested that he was protected by the Romanian .
tr	8	I guess I smiled back .
tr	6	" No , " he answered that question much quicker than the others .
tr	7	Maybe it 's just bad luck and it doesn 't mean anything at all . "
tr	9	In fact , if your chores are done , it 's probably time to wash up .
tr	7	Maria corrected , smiling mischievously .
tr	9	He snarled off a curse and reached out again to grab the girl .
tr	9	He stood there and chewed , making exaggerated sounds of appreciation .
tr	9	But the address turned out to be incorrectly written down .
tr	6	Even here , she had Charlie , Sam , Mr. and Mrs. K , Ronnie and the children .
tr	10	Thou hast been watched by God and Solomon 's servant .
tr	6	" Fiona 's a good girl , " Donovan said absently .
tr	6	" Our admirals are both right , " he said quietly .
tr	11	Simon fell on the larger bed where he had slept the night before , overcome with his own wit .
tr	11	It offends me that you have to ask that question .
tr	8	When she looked back in the mirror the same misty black cloud appeared behind her .
tr	5	" Well , I am at least a bloke . "
tr	10	He showed Josh an official looking piece of paper and Josh 's signature .
tr	10	The Razor gunships that ferried us in here will be on station to provide air support , as needed .
tr	11	The thing was tall , and had freakishly long arms that ended in blades .
tr	10	said a figure that was approaching Lena .
tr	9	The leather from the most expensive pair of pants I owned fell to the ground .
tr	11	Connor played into Billy 's charade and acted delighted to be enjoying a fine meal .
tr	6	On his back was the distinctive black uniform of the palace royal guard .
tr	8	" I did it , " I said , grimacing through the pain .
tr	11	I 'll control the tribe by the time we reach our summer camp .
tr	7	Sounds like a fat lady singing , " Lance declares , snapping his massive jaws menacingly .
tr	11	asked George making conversation as they walked to the first tee .
tr	9	There was a pause at the end of the line .
tr	8	" We need to go , family , " he said .
tr	8	These flowers , the stream -- it 's a place for pleasant memories . "
tr	8	He doesn 't do any of that anymore .
tr	11	How many people will stand in front of me and die in the end ?
tr	11	Who says you can 't get good cuisine in England ?
tr	8	" Time for a wash , and an hour of sleep before dinner . "
tr	10	His mother sat watching him , a cup of steaming black tea in her hands .
tr	11	I step back , and something twists in my stomach or the place where my stomach used to be .
tr	8	" Alien or not , you don 't cart ordinance halfway across the galaxy and waste it on mindless destruction . "
tr	6	" Lucifer and his fallen angels introduced sickness , suffering , poverty and even physical death to the world .
tr	10	" Yes , I will keep it safe with your Mommy 's locket . "
tr	8	Mortals rarely get to savour this . '
tr	8	The departure lounge was empty as she arrived , and the uniformed women at the desk ushered her through .
tr	7	After breathing deeply , Malcolm raised an eyebrow .
tr	7	A third man dressed in a white evening suit followed behind them .
tr	7	I propose something more bigger then that , like a family doctor . "
tr	9	All they could do now was wait it out .
tr	6	" It ran into trouble after a storm .
tr	9	" It was pretty tough to take , " Ted said .
tr	5	After a moment , he got it .
tr	11	Your wages will be stopped until that is paid for ! "
tr	8	I nodded , shrugged off the blanket around my shoulders and rose to my feet .
tr	10	" I thought they swore for life , " " They do . "
tr	5	" Get a bath , girls ! '
tr	11	I feared you would have gotten lost .
tr	8	From sewing , they took needles and thread and piles of loose material .
tr	9	An eerie feeling of familiarity stole over me again as I studied the older man 's face .
tr	11	The old Spider heard , but she did not appear to care about them .
tr	7	" See you soon , then , " Alejo had said over her cell a week ago .
tr	8	She answered , " That 's strictly for medicinal purposes too ... .
tr	9	" The black creatures have started to patrol the mountains .
tr	8	I 'll give you a whole dinner for that pink coin .
tr	9	China , the sleeping giant , soon took notice , awakened , and quickly raced to the head of the pack .
tr	11	The horse lent speed to the runner without having to carry his weight .
tr	7	" Yes , time for work , " said Janice with a smile .
tr	6	None of it makes sense with the riddle .
tr	8	' How -- ' Haus mumbled , eyes widening in an ashen face .
tr	10	Watching the woman eating , Roberto could not believe he just agreed to this insane plan .
tr	10	~ It was a glorious Sunday morning , as were all Sunday mornings on the Rump .
tr	9	The Shaykh hadn 't lied -- there is witchcraft at work here , and I should run from it .
tr	6	Make a note guys , this sun is a real help .
tr	10	It was Finan who answered him , his voice low and his gaze steady .
tr	6	" No surprise , sir , no surprise , " Hawk replied agreeably .
tr	5	Slowly , he turned his head left and right .
tr	7	" Yes , " Quinn looked down , " and I would probably do it again . "
tr	7	What do we know of Atlantis ? "
tr	6	" Send them home , Sergeant , " Jason orders stiffly .
tr	6	At this the trooper raised his rifle to eye level with Brazen .
tr	8	She scans her eyes across all the other , empty stations , a sick feeling rising in her gut .
tr	8	" They will await me in the car , " said Ahmad , walking into the open elevator .
tr	7	That was nearly a week ago , the day after you left . "
tr	10	We will also need a means to learn about these potential sources .
tr	10	Yet it was she who shivered and swirled from the room .
tr	6	He held a hand out to the former US Marine .
tr	11	" I suppose I should have expected as much .
tr	9	There I will put you on a ship to the Brethren .
tr	8	For every second of time passing , the shapeshifter was being slammed with forty-five bullets from three directions .
tr	7	Two bodies , two sets of bones , and no identities .
tr	5	" I saw him early this morning .
tr	6	No action required or allowed yet .
tr	9	Situated on a low knoll between two villages , it was enclosed by a mile of heavy woodland .
tr	8	She had spread the bag open over the floor .
tr	9	" The glass is too strong , blow the door . "
tr	6	Harriet had her bridge club , shopping , book club , shopping , knitting club , and shopping .
tr	5	He never looked back , not once .
tr	9	" Did you think I wouldn 't find you ? "
tr	5	For a moment , we all stood frozen .
tr	11	Every so often , Isaac placed a piece of climbing gear into the rocks and threaded the rope through it .
tr	8	Captain , you are taking over , I hope ? "
tr	9	She smiled when the altered sound echoed upward again from the corridors .
tr	10	Lizzie felt the hairs rising on the back of her neck .
tr	9	Satisfied with his victory , Rift is taken off guard when Mai suddenly shouts , " Right ! "
tr	9	" Help Cadet Pry get ready to go , " the Captain ordered .
tr	9	Left it to someone Gifted enough to handle it . "
tr	9	The ground was smooth dirt and the cave walls seemed to reflect light .
tr	9	A man stood waiting for us inside the director 's office .
tr	10	The dragon points skyward and with a flap of its massive wings glides upward .
tr	9	" Looks like he 's carrying something . "
tr	6	His voice was hopeful , so she held back her bleak laugh .
tr	8	He pulled down the corners of his mouth and looked at his wife .
tr	9	" I so wanted you to take me , sir , one last time .
tr	9	" Did they throw you out of the house or did you escape on your own ? "
tr	7	Gabe stiffens , and a wave of red goes through his aura .
tr	11	" He comes highly recommended that 's for sure , " answered Jen .
tr	10	' The research facility where they 're holding Anna and your grandfather is through there . '
tr	11	The table to her right was occupied by a delegation from the Seminole Tribe of Florida .
tr	5	The oldest son of William Shepard Greene I , older brother of Maxwell .
tr	10	As the silence lengthened , Elaina forgot she was expecting a response and drifted back towards sleep .
tr	5	' You too , ' Calvin 's dad said .
tr	11	They both froze , uncertain of what to do .
tr	6	They exchanged a few silent words , stood , and both left the tavern .
tr	8	" I can hardly hear her , " Tom complained , " and there is no black smoke coming out .
tr	9	Nothing changed , she noted , as she fastened it back on .
tr	10	" You saw not how he fought today , Brother , " he replied softly .
tr	10	A cab looks like a cab until the passenger finds a gun in his face .
tr	10	Ted gave up on trying to stuff any more into his backpack and grabbed a shopping cart .
tr	9	" I 'm surprised you remember that . "
tr	7	Moments later , the monitor flickered and a room appeared on the screen .
tr	9	" And you have found the secret to preserving that creativity ? "
tr	5	And near the fireplace , there was a blackened armchair .
tr	8	She shouted back into the cave , and everyone tumbled out , bubbling appreciation .
tr	8	I 'm from New York , but I was born in Canada .
tr	9	Their presence gave her some small measure of hope for Humanity .
tr	6	Then , with a last tired sigh , she got up , made her bed , and headed down the hall .
tr	8	I can 't be evil if I still cry , right ? "
tr	9	But he said it again and I realized I did understand .
tr	11	There were any number of stores in which I could inquire .
tr	10	They had little time and were surprised at what they saw .
tr	6	" Maybe not at full gallop , " Jace said , " but a horse can 't gallop forever . "
tr	8	" Look at you , giving alcohol to minors . "
tr	10	I believe he was setting up his next sortie from there . '
tr	6	" That word is wilderness , as in no gas stations , no rest rooms , and no motels . "
tr	7	There were things watching them .
tr	10	" Pearson 's attorney , Fortescue , says the will is quite clear on that point .
tr	11	" At least he knows how to take care of his family .
tr	6	Chapter 3 The next morning , in the News Shop , Parker Ives introduced Patrick to Wilson .
tr	8	He smiled at the memory of the red shoes .
tr	7	Finally Destro reached the last of the commander present .
tr	7	Well this would shut her up , once and for all .
tr	10	He had to have heard wrong .
tr	9	" You 're one to talk .
tr	9	Tons of writing to do .
tr	5	" Good morning , sir , " the captain greeted him .
tr	6	Like Dr. Redding 's office , this area looked more like a large living room than a waiting room .
tr	6	The cable news networks had all come too .
tr	10	I turned to leave and stopped , turning to face him .
tr	5	Then their old friend the Wise Old Man appeared .
tr	8	It had been several months past and he hadn 't thought of it since .
tr	9	She 's picking me up so we can ask . "
tr	6	When ' the Pulse ' hit , like everywhere , life stopped for everyone .
tr	11	It wasn 't as if she 'd never been further than Leicester before .
tr	10	It was Chris who popped right in this time .
tr	7	The bodyguard stepped up to the table and spread a map on the top .
tr	7	The Headmistress turned to Miriam and addressed her directly for the first time .
tr	6	Sebastian 's handsome face twisted , the full mouth flattening , his long , elegant eyes narrowing to slits .
tr	8	Things were getting more dangerous by the hour .
tr	10	joked Nicola " You know , I ' m glad to have finally met Simon .
tr	6	But as for that hour , well , we do have some definite plans . "
tr	6	" And no one 's gowns were ready , " the maid said .
tr	5	All the while , a tiny frown wrinkled her brow .
tr	10	What is going to happen next ?
tr	8	' One two , one two , ' he said with less punch than Calvin .
tr	7	A second body was visible through it .
tr	8	We were halfway across the clearing when Reid gasped and fell .
tr	10	Think I could take him ? "
tr	10	Instantly , I was knocked from my feet as a blur of motion struck me .
tr	7	It 's my job , Love . "
tr	9	He too hated shopping - something Josie was always making him do .
tr	11	I thought you had to chase it . "
tr	9	" What can I do for my favorite mother in law ? "
tr	7	There was a moment of stunned silence .
tr	11	Nolen was used to getting what he wanted .
tr	9	To be honest , I 'd never seen him outside in the sun before .
tr	7	Apparently she 's been to Indonesia several times recently hence the tan .
tr	8	Taylor claimed the front seat for himself to the amusement of everyone .
tr	10	Lynn whispered as she scanned the ridge of the nearest rubble pile .
tr	7	" How did you find me in this crowd ? "
tr	5	" There isn 't any . "
tr	5	' Right , let 's go , ' Roach handed Lola her headphones .
tr	7	I do not know why .
tr	11	Reggie continued , " And you say we 're not ready for a war .
tr	9	We were surrounded in a fiery wasteland like something from a nightmare .
tr	5	" You gave a man back his eyes , my lady .
tr	8	~ After he had detailed his plan , Barney smiled and nodded knowingly .
tr	6	Gold and silver coinage abounded , as well as fine jewelry .
tr	6	Hagan glanced at Lucas , raising an eyebrow , then looked back at Iris .
tr	10	The rough hands kneaded her and he leaned forward to suckle a breast , biting the nub so that it stretched .
tr	7	' I 'll see you back at the house . '
tr	9	Even though she hadn 't met them yet , Miriam could just imagine what they were like .
tr	10	She made a face at him that made him laugh .
tr	10	I said I wasn 't afraid of Heaven and Hell . "
tr	6	" We can 't take the chance . "
tr	7	He disappeared over the edge and , for a moment , not a sound drifted down from the loft .
tr	10	That won 't prove we didn 't poison the weapon .
tr	6	Finally after two hours the chains broke on and the giant was free .
tr	8	You have to give it a chance . "
tr	6	Unfair use of super strength . "
tr	7	The door to the gatehouse closed with a bang , and the Prince pocketed the coin .
tr	9	I turn to look at Cat .
tr	11	For the next hour , I resigned myself to being poked and prodded by Anna and the other scientists .
tr	10	He posed in the middle of the room , ready , willing , and waiting for danger .
tr	8	They exchanged glances and there was nervousness in her eyes .
tr	7	" I can really go with you ? "
tr	8	They also began tending the wounded , burying the dead , and gathering up the prisoners .
tr	11	I not be able to be Ambassador either . "
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , stranger , " Zachery said with a sombre face .
tr	8	" Especially in the heat of battle . "
tr	7	" Well , your age is not my fault , " my mother responded curtly , " Now is it ? "
tr	8	Darlene took a sip of her Diet Coke and waited .
tr	7	Miss Long crouched over her sister , and the creature with the pointed hat leaned over them both .
tr	10	I want to be one of them .
tr	7	She tugged on his sleeve and he followed her into the tunnel .
tr	7	Mrs. Williams poured out another cup and handed it to him through the window .
tr	10	" Your idle threats have no effect on me , and you are in no position to bargain further .
tr	10	Putting us on that stage would be like serving beef tripe to vegetarians . '
tr	6	" So , how is everything ; any permanent damage ? "
tr	8	A yellow cart surrounded by yellow ' wet floor ' signs filled the space .
tr	7	It was an uncomfortable , slow ride over the desert sand .
tr	10	Just how much of the wealth generating assets can systematically be stripped from a country before it collapses ?
tr	9	Mai calls just as one of the foes dashes into a roundhouse kick .
tr	8	In fact , he 'd received more than a dozen of them that morning .
tr	11	Randolph apprised of everything that went down in Watertown .
tr	10	Ten years had passed since he had first encountered the little girl .
tr	9	Aria looks over at Lisa , her mouth agape with surprise at the strength of Lisa 's punch .
tr	6	Eady Simon " replied Simon in Italian whilst shaking the chef 's hand .
tr	8	He was no longer staring through the photo , but directly at it .
tr	10	When he finally responded , he made sure that his emotions were in check and that his voice was firm .
tr	10	Any woman would be lucky to have you .
tr	9	Later some soldiers helped to make it better .
tr	9	She 'd found a part time job in a gift shop and kept herself busy with charity work .
tr	6	Her lips part and an involuntary moan escapes from her throat .
tr	9	That girl wouldn 't dare stick up for herself .
tr	10	It did not take much shouting for them to hear Farmer 's answer back .
tr	9	What we need to say .
tr	8	Even as many of the persons were leaving , along the road there were more spectators approaching the farm .
tr	11	Julia asked , even though it wasn 't hard to guess .
tr	9	He passed surprised and dazed men one by one until he was in front .
tr	8	The new barrier was just a single wall between the house and shower , but it would be adequate .
tr	9	Suddenly , Lena exhaled abruptly and sounded a guttural moan , as a bullet struck her in the chest .
tr	11	Not like it was when we took over .
tr	5	The girl 's power was great , if feral .
tr	7	" Mama , please , don 't make it so hard .
tr	11	" Do you think we have enough ? "
tr	7	" Are you ok ? "
tr	9	She would know , after everything she went through .
tr	7	The sounds and smells of people dying were embedded in our minds .
tr	11	He leaned against the wall and ran his fingers over a map that adorned it .
tr	7	' I must go , I will see you soon , ' she breathed , touching his hand one last time .
tr	5	' Yes , it has , ' Reid murmured .
tr	11	she asked , her voice almost impossible to catch over the burble of blood .
tr	9	Did she want to go to La Paz ?
tr	11	He was now confident that it was ready to fire .
tr	6	The melody of hunger is filling up my head .
tr	6	Brian , ever the compassionate and forgiving one , relented , merely sighing and nodding .
tr	6	We touched down somewhere on the US eastern seaboard six hours later .
tr	10	I didn 't expect to see anything beautiful in this concrete jungle .
tr	9	Seven asked , his voice as level as he could force it .
tr	6	Two boys followed the man and the woman into the house .
tr	7	Once when he heard her stomach growl , he offered her food from the sacks in his saddle .
tr	9	" I will be his chief advisor when he takes the throne .
tr	9	My anger went from simmering to rolling waves .
tr	11	- Do you want to hear a good night story ?
tr	11	she cried out in distress , kneeling in front of him and spreading the jacket .
tr	9	" There could be more answers in the -- " " Stop , " Rick demanded .
tr	6	" However , you , Mr. Banks , make a near perfect companion to our head spy Juan , here .
tr	7	Rick smirked at her , shaking his head .
tr	10	We 'll need to pick her up on our way out . "
tr	7	" Got him , " I said to Seth and he made his way to the back yard .
tr	7	Jake got up and paced around , ' And risk my life just to " gloat over " you ?
tr	9	I will look forward to that briefing in the morning . "
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " said the corporal hurriedly .
tr	8	A young man appeared beside Sofia with a dagger on his bleeding hand .
tr	9	She 'd spent the previous year drinking too much and studying too little .
tr	8	He 's come out of his coma , sir ! "
tr	7	Then one enemy spat " Damn , " and the battle was on .
tr	8	Sofia hurriedly came to his side , lifting his head into her arms .
tr	11	He turned and spoke to a young man who was waiting nearby .
tr	7	" You may depend upon me . "
tr	8	She knew she was guilty .
tr	6	" It 's okay , Dad , " John said .
tr	11	Sophia said decisively and with that she headed off back towards the hall .
tr	6	007 waved his hand and gave a charming smile .
tr	5	Ditto with his sharp cheekbones , his full lips , even his chin .
tr	8	The Elder 's face took on a look of surprise and ... hope .
tr	7	Reid unearthed a cigarette from somewhere and struck a match lazily .
tr	8	After waxing and waning for an eternity , it faded once more .
tr	7	Carlos nodded to his friends then took off for the wreckage .
tr	8	Tyler moves his hands and the crosshairs move about the screen .
tr	11	Do you need to rest ? "
tr	7	Its patience wearing thin , the animal fakes a couple more attacks before diving in for the kill .
tr	10	I work for an organization that can help . "
tr	8	Some time elapsed before Rafe spoke again , his voice filled with determined bravado .
tr	6	The top three vote getters , no matter their occupation , are the Clan Elders . "
tr	10	" And there is a flight of crude steps up the cliff , you say ? "
tr	5	" The ghost is a myth . "
tr	11	" Sky , I know you want to explore , but you must listen to Auntie Claire .
tr	10	Just remember that old wreck is made of wood . "
tr	7	Her spirit rises above all evil , both in life , and in death .
tr	5	He was still there after all , just unseen .
tr	8	I found my breath suddenly caught in my throat .
tr	5	All the other swimmers were far down the other end .
tr	6	Cisco fills my days with happiness .
tr	9	George looked at the Commander as the waning sunlight slanted in through the study windows .
tr	10	our Mr. Flaherty was in the same block as Aiden Callahan ... Kevin Callahan 's brother . " "
tr	7	Suddenly there was an embarrassing farting noise from one of the ladies .
tr	9	You are mad to suggest this .
tr	9	His reasons will be clear to us when he is ready .
tr	7	They were almost adjacent to the creatures , halfway across the wide-open expanse , when the unthinkable happened .
tr	6	What is he not telling me ?
tr	9	Noah was your friend , wasn 't he ?
tr	7	Claire With a wide smile , Claire slipped her phone into her bag and strode towards the entrance .
tr	10	Everyone sees everything , and the population here is too small for us to avoid suspicion in the investigation .
tr	9	It wound around several blue trees and into a forest of blue .
tr	9	" We have to pass a test first , " she finally decided to answer .
tr	11	" Do you want to see her again ? "
tr	11	Valerie glances over to see the ship 's weapons officer slumped over his console .
tr	5	" Lots , " he lied again .
tr	10	Of course she would sing , if it was for Noah .
tr	7	" I also have several handguns but they 're in the safe too .
tr	10	Then he pulled a stool close to where the first weak flames flickered around the wood .
tr	7	The all black sails disguised among the mists perfectly , so perfectly they were invisible .
tr	10	Again , whilst drifting into a world of pain , Simon 's fall continued through the last layer .
tr	11	She raised her hand to knock when the door opened .
tr	9	The rest would be in the hands of his own men .
tr	8	' And the cops never found out who did it ? '
tr	8	The church was a rectangular shape and made of brick , except for the wooden , squarish belfry .
tr	11	She looked at me wide eyed and opened mouthed , " We still have propulsion ? "
tr	10	It looked as though the whole thing would blow away in the first stiff wind .
tr	7	" Only my children and I may stay in the keep . "
tr	5	" What the hell is that cooking smell ? "
tr	8	Silver , if I didn 't miss my guess .
tr	8	" Ah , ah ahh , " she said as one man twitched his musket .
tr	6	Another massive explosion outside rocks the building and shakes the floor .
tr	6	" Are you hungry ? "
tr	11	I suppose he could be long gone by now .
tr	8	" Perhaps we should think about this first , " said Nathan .
tr	10	" And who , may I ask , are you ? "
tr	8	It was smashed , broken in the firefight .
tr	10	" It is difficult for me to talk of it , my lady . "
tr	9	His men started taking pot shots from inside the tall buildings .
tr	10	The dark of the night and the road appeared again through the white mist that shrouded her eyes .
tr	6	" Uh ... hey there , my name is Mercedes .
tr	8	Eda pulled a large bag from its hiding place , carefully running a hand over its surface .
tr	5	You eat , you drink , you work , then you sleep .
tr	9	There was nothing to worry about .
tr	7	A couple of hours later , Dane comes to our tent and wakes us up .
tr	7	We emptied the Audi and climbed inside the minivan .
tr	7	Now Alejo barely even knew who he was .
tr	7	The shot took off most of his left hand .
tr	10	She turned and ran as fast as her legs would carry her .
tr	10	David tried to remember who they were .
tr	5	" Okay , well , at this point you 're right , Mara .
tr	6	As in , the victim of a sledding injury , from an Edith Wharton novel .
tr	10	This was just the best opportunity to do that very thing . "
tr	8	He extended his arm and fired the other barrel of his stolen pistol .
tr	6	" That , I am sure of . "
tr	9	She grew thoughtful , and Neil knew with dread that she pondered this new possibility .
tr	9	Before Morning Breath could say his next sentence my hands were free but I didn 't let on .
tr	8	The troops hauled the load onto the metal shelf and then dragged the men out as well .
tr	10	" I believe our business is done then , " he said , allowing a small smile .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " Elizabeth said , " I don 't see the point so soon . "
tr	10	Johnny and Blackie , however , kept up by trotting as fast as they could .
tr	8	The rain splattered droplets of mud onto the legs of their pajamas .
tr	6	Agent : Elizabeth Steele Years in service : 15 years Service stationed at : Hive # 416 , Toronto Branch .
tr	7	' Yes , as of a minute ago . '
tr	8	" And when they arrive in the other valley ... ? "
tr	10	I can 't believe Mum did all this for me .
tr	8	called a nurse from the doorway of the waiting room .
tr	7	The companies moved in similar fashion but on a larger scale .
tr	10	I begged the spy gods to whisk me away , somewhere , anywhere .
tr	5	Rapes , beatings , muggings , abuse ... and countless other horrifying things .
tr	10	' Are some of you so willing to forgive and forget the atrocities she has committed against our kind ? '
tr	11	There 's not much you can do about that .
tr	10	Adele sighed heavily ; things had become so much more difficult since leaving the fort .
tr	10	Before impact we cut around a corner and the arrow stabbed into an stone wall .
tr	5	" Stop , " I said , but she didn 't .
tr	7	He stood in the doorway , blond curls long and dripping , small woolen tunic matted to his skin .
tr	5	In the next second , something crackled and the lights went out .
tr	10	" This is his tournament and he 'll do anything to run you out . "
tr	11	It was the last thing he wanted to discuss .
tr	8	Alex threw her clothes at her , " Hurry up , brush your hair on the way home .
tr	7	However , if the military took control it would make our objective virtually impossible . '
tr	5	Charlotte , Madeline , Thayer , and Laurel followed a few steps behind .
tr	9	To this end , I have assignments for each of you . "
tr	7	What 's going on ? "
tr	8	" From here they must have lifted him onto a horse . "
tr	10	Now it was time to train ten hours a day for the next flight .
tr	8	I studied his gaunt expression with a pang of guilt .
tr	11	Mestre had recently undergone an industrial boom and its port had been expanded to take additional cargo ships .
tr	8	A bit of drool clung to the corner of his mouth .
tr	5	After several uncomfortable seconds , the elevator arrived and the doors opened .
tr	7	He leaned back in his chair and took another satisfied puff on his pipe .
tr	9	He was close to cutting her off .
tr	7	' The company was first registered in DC in nineteen seventy .
tr	10	Tubes and wires dotted his arms and legs , and he was attached to an array of silent machines .
tr	7	She could let the light live , or blow it back out .
tr	6	Nowadays , an unloaded gun was much more dangerous than a loaded one .
tr	8	Down the river , as the Creek warriors rounded a bend , they saw a single canoe paddled by two braves .
tr	11	I had another meeting on the bridge and told everyone to be on their toes and again told Joe .
tr	10	He had traveled his lifetime in fulfillment of this quest and they would not be the cause of its demise .
tr	7	He spoke , his phrases all in a rush .
tr	7	A resigned expression dawned on Reid 's face .
tr	9	Reid finally asked once we were inside the car .
tr	7	She laughed and lifted her glass , and everyone dutifully drank .
tr	5	His plane flew out late last night , technically this morning .
tr	9	Welders had worked all morning to remove the potential obstruction .
tr	10	Missy put everything back into the box and closed it up just as they exited the highway .
tr	7	At the top of the hill , Terri paused , hands on hips , and took a long breath .
tr	7	" I wouldn 't test it , " Kenna sneered .
tr	10	Signed , Your friend ' ... And what 're we to make of that ? "
tr	11	He can take this shape at will , the greatest of wing to ever soar the skies of the world . "
tr	5	The clan of the woman you slew .
tr	6	Others desecrated his temple with their horrible acts against each other .
tr	7	The stranger kneels down next to me .
tr	7	" More like balsa wood , " Alex said .
tr	5	' No , damn , argh , I 'd forgotten .
tr	6	I felt a tug ... then another .
tr	10	" I 've waited so long for you to return ! "
tr	6	" Jess hide , " Tori said and they both crunched down .
tr	5	Right there , behind her closed eyelids , they danced and exploded .
tr	6	" Did Roberto not tell you ? "
tr	8	Who knows , the gauge might be off and you can make it to our lines . "
tr	8	Nearly twenty feet , like he 'd been hit by a car .
tr	5	Behind him , Skyler 's birth father Razvan stood tall and straight .
tr	10	Her breath caught in her throat as she recognized the familiar gait of the big man .
tr	5	" Free Entertainment , by Victoria Cunningham .
tr	10	I need to be doing something , " Lance explains whimsically .
tr	7	The older lady nodded with smiling , crinkly eyes and headed back towards the kitchen .
tr	6	The particles formed a human being , or at least a creature in human form .
tr	11	Seconds later , we landed on the rooftop of one of the castle 's towers .
tr	11	" And it needs to survive long enough to send the signal . "
tr	8	" Does he have to stay there ? "
tr	11	I know this must be painful for you . "
tr	5	" And at the same time , I am nothing . "
tr	11	" Will you turn into one of them ? "
tr	9	" What ... what could cause this , Shaykh Saif ?
tr	8	We bowed again at the introduction , but the king seemed not to notice .
tr	6	Her dark hair and pale pink gown -- early 1900s style -- floated around her willowy frame like smoke .
tr	6	The casing was 5.56 mm .
tr	9	The girl grow up in a more diverged world , very far from them .
tr	8	For now , he sent his fox into the room , and he heard her yip of greeting .
tr	8	Dad took full advantage of everyone 's gawking stares .
tr	7	They made their way down from the higher foothills into the woodlands .
tr	5	" Pray this works , " he told Soul and Hiro .
tr	5	" Not always , but sometimes , " Sawyer responded , lips curving .
tr	5	" Did you actually make that noise ? "
tr	6	However , somehow he just couldn 't turn back .
tr	11	" You do need to keep your fluids up .
tr	7	Rid yourself of your false alliances and serve your king once more . "
tr	10	If it came crashing back through the ship it would pass right through the magazines .
tr	7	Kali brought the car to a complete stop , checked both mirrors , and stepped out into the emergency lane .
tr	5	Better yet , my mom wasn 't an assassin .
tr	11	" Most disturbing , they are seriously considering cutting off our electricity over not giving them their payments . "
tr	7	He paused in the doorway and studied us carefully .
tr	11	He tucked it under his shirt to stay within uniform regulations .
tr	11	Sebastian didn 't know why he was so important to them .
tr	10	Many were rushing to various appointments , while others ambled , their voices chattering .
tr	10	All staff are confined to base until further notice . '
tr	9	" Why you want to thank me ? "
tr	9	The warriors found seats in the pavilions at the plaza and began to eat their food .
tr	11	" I guess I thought you were older .
tr	10	They were going to make it to the shuttles .
tr	11	I stare at the page of my book , keeping my eyes adhered to the blurry words .
tr	7	A final rider in dark grey galloped toward them , raising a thin streamer of dust through the grass .
tr	11	Frank observed Spyder from where he sat in the back seat .
tr	6	" But why couldn 't he do it before ? "
tr	8	The massive revolver within had custom walnut grips bearing Duke 's inlaid initials .
tr	8	He climbed up on to the top bunk and was once again immersed in his own thoughts .
tr	7	He was not aware of unauthorized implants .
tr	10	There were a thousand different things that attracted him to her .
tr	7	" Does the term Fast Fourier Transform mean anything to your team ? "
tr	9	His plans are nothing if they are not yours . "
tr	5	He missed her shoulder a couple times .
tr	9	Until I walked in to class .
tr	10	He was able to reach the safety catch and quietly slipped it off .
tr	9	Neela exclaimed at the glowing silver inlay , tracing the intertwined irises of the pattern .
tr	9	If you must do something , leave them gold to rebuild and we can march for Split Creek . "
tr	11	There was to be no hurting this girl .
tr	7	Everyone was extremely happy and the bride 's parents ' faces shone with joy .
tr	7	They ran and stumbled through the woods and lost the woman out of their sight within half a mile .
tr	9	Dan Jansen blinked back at the innocence before his gaze shifted to Sidney Lyndon again .
tr	10	Ok , let 's see if you can do it again with the second strong hold ! "
tr	9	He folds his arms in front of his chest and leans against a luminescent wall behind the workstation .
tr	6	" But , sweetheart , " he says sadly , " this always ends the same way .
tr	10	He grinned as he held up a couple of Steyr AUG assault rifles .
tr	10	We have to find out what happened ! "
tr	6	" Not the most elegant invitation , " Becky said , " but certainly better than the last . "
tr	8	I 'll write a letter and put it in an envelope .
tr	6	That midget probably took them down already , " Edd answered and walked towards the river .
tr	11	" Are you sure you want to escape ? "
tr	11	Watching Elaina gather herself to answer the man , Cade noticed she was still a trifle unsteady .
tr	7	" Duke , " he finally said , " that is ... actually quite insightful .
tr	6	Maybe today at the finals , they 'd finish the job .
tr	7	These were all new emulator bodies , and most of them wore Earth military uniforms .
tr	11	The multitude of insects swells with every corner rounded , the dragonflies seeming to glow in the beams of sunlight .
tr	10	Ganondorf may have reclaimed the Triforce of power , but he was denied his true objective .
tr	7	" I believe so , my lord . "
tr	7	Okay , I 'll have a latte and you can drink green tea . "
tr	10	who 's calling me at this stupid hour it 's my day off , " she said to the empty room .
tr	8	He looked up at Claire 's flustered arrival and some of the tension left his face .
tr	10	When the moment of judgment comes , " he starts , his tone turning almost compassionate as he eyes Link .
tr	7	" Oh , " I said meekly and then moved behind Frankie .
tr	8	His eyes darted around the room for a possible hiding place for his secret letter .
tr	8	The gorgeous ruler of the twilight realm , Midna 's dark skin is a creamy mixture of blue and grey .
tr	11	Malcolm and Jolie had purposely led me to believe he had .
tr	10	It was time to get the plane ready .
tr	8	Strike off the head of the snake , and that would be it .
tr	10	When she landed a blow on either of them , it did no more than when she struck the floor .
tr	7	" I 've tried everything , it 's blocked , and with Lyra contained , there 's no way in . "
tr	9	Fuchs ' second lumbered forward as well , and I checked my urge to follow .
tr	8	She pulled at her niece 's hand and led her away from the traitorous football match .
tr	5	DEATH , NO MATTER WHERE YOU GO ... I ALONE CAN ESCAPE IT .
tr	9	There was a lengthy pause before the Minister finally answered .
tr	7	I asked , " What 's it about ? "
tr	9	In an instant he and Michael were also running under these wonderful shining droplets of rain .
tr	11	Simon was aware that the Inspector had something serious on his mind .
tr	5	I , uh , " Gabe laughs and shakes his head .
tr	11	Give it to God Give it to God Give it ... She looked at David .
tr	11	He was well occupied by the time Waving Willow came out .
tr	6	" Now that 's just hurtful , " said Ken Goodspeed quietly .
tr	8	She agreed , thinking of her secret crush .
tr	9	" First time in five hours I 've had a chance to sit , " he said with a happy grin .
tr	11	" Down at the second gate , sir , they 're going to be used as shock troops . "
tr	9	At least , that was not precisely true , for Adele 's expression was of innocent bewilderment .
tr	10	Was it to spy on my family ? "
tr	9	She and Simon , ever since they had discovered the letter , had avoided being alone together by tacit agreement .
tr	9	Sofia smiled but refused his help as she dismounted herself .
tr	9	His energy is flagging , and I can lift my hands up and put them in my lap .
tr	8	I just couldn 't get over our luck finding Fantasy Island .
tr	10	They have melded into a cohesive unit , speaking quickly , plugging into the same thought pattern .
tr	8	Take the car round back and he 'll open up for you . "
tr	6	Once inside the main chapel , the cameramen swept their powerful lights over the pews and stage and podium .
tr	10	' Hubert didn 't know it was my blood , ' she said .
tr	8	He climbed out and into the bed on the back of the vehicle .
tr	10	" Gentlemen , what is the meaning of your presence here ? "
tr	5	" Lucas ... you there Lucas ? "
tr	10	He can predict the weather just by looking at the waves .
tr	10	" You 're not going to fight them , " Mana replied .
tr	8	Most of the city 's people were indoors keeping dry , but the Prince of Ravens had always liked the rain .
tr	6	" This is a fine sword indeed , " he said to no one in particular .
tr	9	" You 'd better show her in Paddy and close the door when you leave . "
tr	9	She tried not to wonder about anything .
tr	11	He seemed so mysterious to her yet so pleasing to stare upon .
tr	6	" The next thing I remember , I woke along the road with this good man standing over me .
tr	8	Lance sounded wistful as he surveyed the busy site .
tr	10	As the thunder of a stampede they raced for cover under the dark limbs of the canopy of the Barrier Forest .
tr	6	Moments later , through the dark , she whispered , " Sometimes you 're like two different people . "
tr	11	' Have there been any -- unusual incidents in the city of late ? '
tr	7	Ainsworth continued unawares and in a rush .
tr	9	Deciding to simply move forward , Rift advances to the door between the dual staircases .
tr	9	The Barrier Forest was less than a day 's march and with any luck , they would find cover there .
tr	8	Dane gave him an enigmatic look , and then asked , " Has anyone seen the camels ? "
tr	7	" Let me guess , " Destro said , biting back the pain .
tr	10	What did he have to do with anything ?
tr	6	She was slim , had light brown shoulder length hair , and wore a light grey , two-piece suit .
tr	11	She would be lucky to survive it herself .
tr	8	She didn 't like the questioning look on his face .
tr	9	Mike couldn 't help but look again in the direction that Sarah had gone .
tr	5	For some reason , however , the surveyor 's ribbons and stakes were way off .
tr	7	The tales of the rescue were told and listened to with great interest .
tr	7	The brightness faded and the sky returned to a bright Irish fall day .
tr	8	Melody felt safe with Ted standing behind her , rifle at the ready .
tr	8	" You know , Mark , maybe my company can have a great benefit from this . "
tr	10	" And can you get me a couple in that old-timey sepia ? "
tr	8	At that , the phantom silently drifted towards the stairs , climbing to his old bedroom amid the rafters .
tr	7	" Mister Fuchs will fight your man however you wish .
tr	10	She was able to take it for a while .
tr	8	" Because you 're being promoted , " said Anderson .
tr	5	I told Jim and Herb that evening .
tr	7	The cause of the huge guard 's death became obvious as he fell .
tr	8	Logan looked behind us , glaring towards the entrance .
tr	10	" Yeah , come to think about it you probably would .
tr	7	" Of course -- there 's a big grey smoke plume right in the middle . "
tr	7	" Something 's up with Fish , " he said after another long gulp .
tr	6	I will be all right .
tr	8	The three started their way to the nearby town after observing the scenery .
tr	11	" I 'm surprised he hasn 't done it before now .
tr	10	" I want to bring down the man running the stick fighting tournament . "
tr	7	I reached the far wall , hit the fire door with my shoulder and emerged into bright sunlight .
tr	8	There are sleeping units for six .
tr	9	For Amy the terrain became more extraordinary as they continued towards Keswick .
tr	6	Could this be the place , or was it just coincidence ?
tr	8	" During the course of the battle technology in my world took massive leaps forward .
tr	9	" -- but it is # 49 a night .
tr	8	' Tell your mother and father that Felix Thorne says hi ! '
tr	8	They had me pinned good .
tr	5	The bed was a huge , king-sized , four-poster bed .
tr	11	Connor hastened his pace to catch Lena inside the building .
tr	8	I laughed , imagining him all green .
tr	6	I closed my eyes , to center myself .
tr	6	" I miss them all the time but sometimes , I miss them more and tonight , I miss them loads .
tr	9	Before he could say anything more Eda arrived with another brew for Finan .
tr	11	You 're probably not going to see much of me . "
tr	9	You were never more pleased than when a fight loomed .
tr	8	She went straight home ... walked all the way .
tr	8	If anything the numbers were growing at an alarming rate .
tr	7	If they come they 'll use the river and they won 't use the trails .
tr	10	Then he got up and went outside to breathe in the fragrant fresh air .
tr	7	Barney signed his name to the seventh contract and went on .
tr	10	" I remember the time when we visit the palace , " Sofia said .
tr	10	I didn 't know what water was , but if felt very nice all the same .
tr	10	Adele bent to touch Eda 's shoulder lightly .
tr	8	Hell , we couldn 't play pretend forever .
tr	11	He had to learn to control his skills .
tr	10	It was wrong for life to want death that way , and it haunted him .
tr	9	Gliding just ahead of him , the very fairy Rift followed to the temple seems to lead the charge into battle .
tr	6	" Right class , follow me , " he yelled over his shoulder .
tr	5	Either way , by Monday morning , we were leaving , prepared or not .
tr	9	Sarah dared not take her eyes off the man in her sights .
tr	10	I was returning from flight ops in Germany and dismissed the gossip as unimportant . "
tr	10	Woodpecker barely avoided being turned to broth .
tr	5	" A long time ago , the United States government - " " The united what ? "
tr	9	" Something about the Vice President coming to Arizona rang a bell . "
tr	6	A crazy laugh itches in my throat .
tr	10	get the keys from Terry he has a spare set . "
tr	10	" I 'm glad you like it , Captain , " Jess replied .
tr	6	It was a two-room suite , much larger and brighter .
tr	8	He waited , he stalked and , when the time was right , he attacked . "
tr	10	She trembled from head to toe , backing away from the three others in the conversation .
tr	8	If I am not successful , I fear all hope is lost . "
tr	6	" Well , yes , I am , sir , " Francesco replied with embarrassment .
tr	6	A schooner carrying wheat to Baltimore doesn 't need a cannon . "
tr	10	They climbed a huge wooden staircase which led to an upstairs landing .
tr	7	" Dying , that is . "
tr	11	That was until I first travelled to the city of Pescara on the Adriatic Sea .
tr	9	" These two , " said Alfred , pointing to Tom and Jerry , " you don 't need them .
tr	5	Parents , sisters , brothers , aunts , uncles , and cousins mingle and hug .
tr	9	A mish-mash of red , green , and blue frosting stuck to the front of Jolie 's belly like encrusted jewels .
tr	11	Ebony hair that was black as the night sky and those eyes that glows like the starlight .
tr	11	" Okay , " he agrees , confusing the three people he still shares the room with .
tr	10	For a moment I was forgotten , laying there amidst the snow .
tr	7	That was his whole philosophy in life .
tr	10	Wondering how it came to be .
tr	6	" Okay , well , thanks for the advice , kids , but Simon and I aren 't moving in together .
tr	9	" That 's wonderful " Deepa replied excitedly although Simon could sense an insincere undertone .
tr	10	" Be careful not to burn your tongue , " Taylor cautioned , " this really smells exquisite .
tr	9	" Lets start with what we know , " Jason suggests .
tr	9	You don 't have nightmares or flights of fancy , they 're not allowed .
tr	9	Because she was only four during those times , they had sheltered her from the worst parts of it .
tr	9	No matter whose children they are , they like to come to her house .
tr	6	It is more maddening then filling .
tr	5	CHAPTER THIRTEEN THE OLD BARN Over the next week , life 's pace increased tenfold .
tr	9	" Maybe if you kill two of ' em , the third one will have learned a lesson . "
tr	9	She hold her breath and continued , " I saw it in my dreams .
tr	8	" I 'll make a deal with you , " she said .
tr	7	" Come on , Dad , I found the cube in the first place ! "
tr	5	Real sweet girl in Pueblo . "
tr	9	That friend he was walking around with outside is probably a scab too .
tr	11	I hope you know what you are doing . "
tr	11	I 'm going to prove Atlantis exists .
tr	11	Even the pavement reinforced that feeling , with crushed shells imbedded in the surface instead of gravel .
tr	10	" Darn , " Missy said , " I really would have loved to explore an old attic . "
tr	11	You 'll never be able to reach me , " Joey said .
tr	9	Chickasaw braves threw these enemy bodies on the fires that still burned .
tr	8	Benches and tourists were a blur as I zipped past .
tr	8	This wouldn 't be possible without your input .
tr	9	With no-one to oppose him the High Priest ruled mercilessly .
tr	8	" So who killed Callahan ? "
tr	9	What he saw made him come to a sudden halt .
tr	9	" I 'm looking after Sky for a couple of weeks . "
tr	7	Instead , he walked boldly into the gloom and we followed .
tr	9	For suddenly the dragon had lurched about and went crashing off through the bushes .
tr	9	I have to interview her but she 's been out of the country . "
tr	6	A quick but short burst of vacuum strength suction put things back into a new perspective .
tr	11	The door was made to stand the battering of a siege .
tr	8	concluded Kevin " Ready to go ! "
tr	9	Since they got married he cared for her .
tr	10	I do hope you write soon .
tr	8	All who come here belong to me ... however ; I do remember you , Black Scorpion .
tr	6	" Breakfast in a tick , " she whispered .
tr	10	" I am sorry for what happened , truly I am .
tr	8	They stayed frozen like that for a moment .
tr	7	His monocle had cracked , his wispy hair was singed , and plumes of smoke curled from his ears and nostrils .
tr	7	Rough hands grabbed me and dragged me to my feet .
tr	11	He hated to allow what he was allowing .
tr	5	" Besides , all the food here is no good anymore .
tr	7	" How about Toby ! "
tr	10	The tracks are hard to see and they might be missed , " Drew reasoned .
tr	9	Claire could hear the petulance in her voice and hated herself for it .
tr	6	A moment later , he jolted to a stop inches behind an old Ford Explorer .
tr	11	" They were sent off to Second Clan to be raised as their own ? "
tr	10	Now , you don 't wan na miss it again , don 't you ? "
tr	9	" Are you here to save me ? "
tr	7	How his leg must ache !
tr	9	And if they don 't , I 've fielded a dozen other requests , with more coming in daily . "
tr	10	They should have everything ready by the time you get there . '
tr	10	I 'm not meant to be here , I 'm booked into Grasmere tonight . "
tr	8	As we inched closer to our take-off spot , I watched my coworkers perched like pigeons , waiting patiently .
tr	8	* * * Sitting behind his newly skinned drums Raphael loved the sound until Tom recorded him .
tr	5	Well , um , there 's a silent film festival downtown next week .
tr	7	One hand , outstretched , touched a wall , and occasionally he felt a door under his fingers .
tr	10	Already he owed her an incredible debt , and he had no way to repay it .
tr	9	She backed away and sat down on the bench outwardly relaxed but inwardly seething at her sister .
tr	7	" They took mostly the useless stuff , " he said .
tr	11	I 'm surprised they would come after you .
tr	11	Do you know what happened ? "
tr	11	I really shouldn 't leave her alone , after the shock she 's had .
tr	5	Finally he spoke , his voice an efficient rumble .
tr	7	She finished her wine and looked out across the pasture .
tr	9	" Suddenly , I find that I am no longer tired . "
tr	6	The HS still looked presentable and eerily like himself .
tr	8	The casualties were equally low , but in her eyes , a single soul lost is no better than a thousand .
tr	11	I leaned forward until my face was mere inches from his and moved my hand slightly .
tr	9	She remembered when Manuel and Pedro were born and how happy Mama and Papa were .
tr	7	He nodded , any hint of a smile disappearing .
tr	7	Yet , with the curve , we were thrust into complete darkness .
tr	6	" All good here , Mrs. H. " Julie exhaled , and they hurried upstairs .
tr	9	" I 'm going to go and fish now . "
tr	7	Fly fast , fly hard , and you will be free , Elaina . "
tr	11	Why do you come to our temple of dragon 's sons , fair lady of high birth ?
tr	7	As he entered the cabin , many of the men were already in their bunks and several were snoring .
tr	7	They can hand that to you .
tr	6	My palms grew sweaty , like last time .
tr	8	Vulcan paused to check both Graves and Blister .
tr	9	She wonders if she will now have a scar .
tr	7	A lot of water came up with him , and I couldn 't control it as well .
tr	7	The door opened and a hand unhooked the chain , he walked in .
tr	11	That was the only way to do anything to Bloodstone : alter it with pure Flame .
tr	11	Wouldn 't he be happier staying where he is ? "
tr	9	Amanda pulled over and , leaving the door ajar and the engine running , leaped from her car .
tr	6	" Is it bad ? "
tr	10	It was all he could give her .
tr	8	I cannot recall them here on the spot , but when I meditate , it 's all there .
tr	9	His name is Jonesy , and you can call me VIN , short for Victor Isaac Noble . "
tr	7	I wasn 't exactly partying hard anyway , and not at all after Josh left .
tr	11	Ed worked with his staff to arrange train transport for both .
tr	7	" In America , we 're all a little bit of both . "
tr	8	" Together , they destroyed all of Cook 's research .
tr	10	She tugged Mana 's arm down and claimed her hand as they hurried across the lawns to the house .
tr	8	You are not weak because you are grateful . "
tr	11	Some angels have learned to control the hunger better than others .
tr	8	" Little late to start playing the game , don 't you think ? "
tr	7	His fingers were curled into fists .
tr	9	There were no male survivors over the age of thirteen that were captured .
tr	6	" Yes , Ry , she 's still human , " Callum remarked with strained patience .
tr	7	The SUVs were forty feet away and closing .
tr	8	" Take the princess into custody , sergeant , " Jason orders , his voice stern .
tr	9	Well , you will have to come closer .
tr	9	I think I 'd make a horrible drug addict .
tr	9	" I said that he 's finishing it .
tr	11	' Hi , ' I said , yawning , pretending not to notice .
tr	11	He 's got it all bottled up inside of him , he might think he has little to lose . "
tr	7	And Pierre sighed , shaking his head .
tr	11	I had had some cooking lessons while I was at home .
tr	7	" I can 't explain it , but I feel perfectly safe around him .
tr	6	" It 's actually very cozy , " David said .
tr	6	Only on the parking entrances , and all the other doors have alarms , like the alley exit . "
tr	9	" It must be someone he trusts .
tr	10	Get who out of where ?
tr	7	' We stalled for time as long as we could .
tr	9	His raspy voice made whatever he said sound wise and powerful .
tr	8	Unlike me -- I 'm a bad woman to know .
tr	10	But enough of his loyalty to the Empire remained that he felt a surge of anger against the two outlaws .
tr	7	" She 's gone , I think , " he said in his normal voice .
tr	6	There was also Mr. Mouth , Blue eyes , Grumpy and so on .
tr	9	She twisted in the saddle , looking at the clumped rocks beside them .
tr	7	The hollowed trees serve simply to disorient , every intersection virtually identical to the previous one .
tr	7	Acid scalded Alejo 's stomach and he took a deep breath .
tr	8	That hex what raised my boy Shambles is constantly calling for fresh blood .
tr	6	Stalin was grinning , amused .
tr	7	His sudden leap carried him up in the air , ten feet over the giant 's head .
tr	6	The same exact second I joined our lips , I thrust inside her in a single , long , hard thrust .
tr	7	His boots were polished to a perfect shine .
tr	8	As soon as they shut the door , I close my eyes and slowly count down from 10 .
tr	5	About thirty-six hundred dollars , Father , " Maggie replied .
tr	11	Do you still want to go ? "
tr	11	Dad wanted to talk to me , really talk to me , and I 'd said no ?
tr	8	The large aluminum corridor and accommodation cylinders will again be carried up for over twenty flights after that .
tr	9	" Mom , you can 't understand a word he says . "
tr	7	" Yes , please , and a Sierra Mist , too , " he added .
tr	7	Thor was speechless for just a moment , but then regained his wits .
tr	8	That had to be it .
tr	11	Do you want something to drink ? "
tr	7	I recommend the exact same height and reentry angle as the first test flight .
tr	9	She said you would save me .
tr	11	" We have a whole planet full of countries to work with .
tr	10	The captain of the vessel would have helped her unless something spooked her .
tr	9	Claire put down her book and strode to the door to embrace her friend .
tr	8	He waved a salute and said , " name 's Charlie . "
tr	7	" Possible , but either way , Mac needs a uniform so he won 't stick out .
tr	8	But I want you to be careful . "
tr	6	From this altitude , the three countries looked like pieces from a colossal jigsaw puzzle .
tr	8	" Master would never have stood for it .
tr	7	" But even if you can read , you 've left it way too late . "
tr	8	Once sufficient distance was achieved the garage door closed and the helicopters propellers extended to their full length .
tr	6	How soon would the vodka wear off ?
tr	11	When he could finally see again , Ted was shocked by the sight that confronted him .
tr	11	Do you know what it was ? "
tr	9	Or the theological arguments for why Jesus was divine . "
tr	11	He 'd never done anything like this before , and knew it was out of character .
tr	10	Any visitors are liable to come from the river .
tr	10	But tell us distinctly what has happened ?
tr	10	Eleven Bone Splitters were reduced to burning piles of scrap metal , whereas none of the Razorbacks had been scratched .
tr	11	" That 's one way to look at it . "
tr	9	He looked at her with an intensity almost as strong as before .
tr	11	After a bite to eat they went back down to the garden shed to discuss the Talisman .
tr	5	" Rise , my child , " the demon told the monster .
tr	5	" John ... " " All right John , you got a last name ? "
tr	5	You know , it 's not really a marriage . "
tr	6	This time the man went as white as a sheet .
tr	9	" Okay , don 't shoot me " I said .
tr	8	Lonely Bear left for the regional council with his contingent about midmorning .
tr	7	I unbolted the metal cover , moved it aside silently and peered carefully out of the hole .
tr	8	Mana turned from the fire with a look of genteel surprise .
tr	7	Even Laird Destro was caught unawares by it . "
tr	8	" I just want to know , need to know , why you 're here . "
tr	10	In my world , Peyton and Malcolm weren 't buddies who called each other in a pinch .
tr	11	He opened the door and began rummaging around in his duffel bag on the back seat .
tr	10	" I thought Vampires didn 't fight in these conflicts ?
tr	10	Smiling faintly , Theodosia said , " I knew how it would be .
tr	11	" I 'll never forget it , " she said , squeezing Chris 's hand as if to underline the point .
tr	6	All seventy-five of his fired shots had found their target .
tr	6	' British desk , American computers , Swedish furniture , Japanese radio , ' he said proudly .
tr	7	" ' Oh , Mr. Johnson , you 're , like , the most amazing teacher ever . " '
tr	9	It disappeared behind a mountain ridge out of their sight leaving a dark billowing trail of smoke in the sky .
tr	9	Shocked , Simon asked , " How the devil did you know about that ? "
tr	7	" I will not disobey you , Your Honor . "
tr	9	He was too ... different .
tr	10	Jin asked as they continued dodging the rings .
tr	11	I will not have the Lodge of God torn apart in these disputes !
tr	11	All he had wanted was a son that would make him proud , who would follow in his illustrious footsteps .
tr	9	With a flip of my hair , I faced him , channeling the coolness factor of an iceberg .
tr	7	She grabbed Jimmy by the ears and kissed him .
tr	9	The glint in his eye was matched by the brightness of his wit .
tr	7	I 'm out of practice , " Aria states with a guilty smile .
tr	8	For many years all outgoing scripts had been vetted and amended by specially appointed civil servants .
tr	8	Somehow the back gate was left unsecured and one of the infected got into the yard .
tr	9	Riki began to bounce on the seat .
tr	7	Drake joined me at the worktop and placed the file down gently .
tr	7	From this day on , she dropped in at least once a week and she didn 't talk much .
tr	6	" Fine , just fine , " Miriam answered .
tr	7	It looks like a Navy door , it works like a Navy door .
tr	11	Do you hear how quiet it is ? "
tr	6	" That 's not an attack force , sir , " he said after a moment .
tr	8	I already know a thing or two about his little affairs .
tr	10	I 'm already missing the sun , and we 've only been in this state for a couple of hours .
tr	6	Beyond that General , the field is wide open , " the governor said .
tr	8	Both men then looked around the small office , saw nothing of interest , and moved back to the main room .
tr	10	He now knew about Rupert 's past : missionary kid from Morocco , CIA , three failed marriages .
tr	6	A fine blanket of dust rained down around us .
tr	6	" Dr. Lee can bind it . "
tr	10	I asked , turning to face Lakin .
tr	10	Pat ... can you two take out the guards in the front without any noise ? "
tr	8	There was always so much to do .
tr	10	' Not like you to be so frivolous with money mate . '
tr	7	" Release them you coward ! "
tr	8	" I can see plenty of that . "
tr	10	" She doesn 't know it yet , but she 's in love with me , " he says .
tr	8	It was covered with a spicy sauce neither had ever tasted .
tr	6	A month of surprises , new opportunities and new experiences .
tr	8	Although he felt confident in his damnation , he was not without a conscience .
tr	9	The man in the bed looked up and smiled warmly to see me .
tr	9	He didn 't want to do it .
tr	7	Children tied each other in the surveyors twine or played swords with the dig stakes .
tr	10	I wouldn 't want him getting into trouble ... ... .
tr	5	Shelves and tables and racks and chests lined every wall and surface .
tr	9	Companies can force farmers to use their products ? "
tr	8	She became aware of his gaze and blurted out , " You 're not eating anything . "
tr	7	" Your path is chosen through a lost tale ? "
tr	6	" Fine , " Lance sighs , " but this isn 't my fault .
tr	11	John answered without changing his tone or even looking at her , " Frankly , I don 't care .
tr	6	You should hate me . "
tr	10	Claire gritted her teeth and then forced them to relax into a smile .
tr	5	His wavy blond hair reflected the bright noon sunlight .
tr	7	He crossed the stern deck to the main cabin and peered through the window beside the door .
tr	8	( Where is this ? )
tr	6	I mean , it 's a really small town .
tr	11	I half stood , not sure of what to do .
tr	9	With his theatrical skill , you know that wouldn 't be difficult .
tr	11	" What happened to the CIA elements that started this whole thing ?
tr	9	Nobody could find her in space ; she completed twenty-one orbits and was totally undetected by everybody on Earth .
tr	7	Riki 's face fell , and he couldn 't help laughing .
tr	10	He had wanted to ride Johnny , but Keno was obedient and fast .
tr	10	I recognized various buildings , and I could see the monastery 's walls jutting out from the skyline to my right .
tr	9	Why you don 't have faith in me ? "
tr	8	Link and James questioned leaning in close .
tr	8	After he will rape me again , maybe will kill me too .
tr	8	Occasionally , the cops would drive through and send everyone home , but soon enough the kids would be back again .
tr	10	That 's what you used to say .
tr	9	The fluid propellant flows into the combustion chamber where it is vaporized and then reacts with the solid propellant .
tr	10	" I know that it must be , but surely a problem shared is a problem halved ? "
tr	8	A scary looking fellow ; he had a massive scar across his face . "
tr	5	Following a few failed attempts , he picked up his sword .
tr	6	" Yeah , Poe 's wife , " said Tasha , crossing her arms .
tr	10	No one knew what was wrong at that point .
tr	6	" Now , sugar , wait a minute , " Howell Sr. said , with the greatest good nature .
tr	9	A group of businessmen with funny handshakes wanting to rake off big bucks from town planning contracts .
tr	8	" Let 's get out of here .
tr	9	" The one I booked on the Internet was much bigger . "
tr	8	No sounds of nearby suburbia could reach her -- no barking dogs , no shouting kids , no honking cars .
tr	8	She matched his move and stayed abreast of him .
tr	11	The Ensign said , " I 'm sorry sir ; Captain Bright didn 't expect you to arrive by private yacht .
tr	7	But if I am not dead , that makes sense .
tr	10	Maybe I 'd even find time to make a copper bracelet for you . "
tr	7	I was inches from the edge .
tr	11	And what would it have hurt if they missed just one Sunday ?
tr	10	she hissed through clenched teeth , her expression twisted in fury at his silence .
tr	7	" Our troops are in position , " she replied .
tr	11	You only want to feel like you belong , " she explains , cut off when another furious attack commences .
tr	9	He blurted the question in his surprise , even though he was already certain of the answer .
tr	6	You 'll get your turn later .
tr	11	It was like looking at one man in a mirror .
tr	8	I had a lot of proposes but I just refused them polite .
tr	7	He responded , " Well , it 's right insightful of you to ask , sir .
tr	7	Staying low and moving quickly , Link listens carefully for the melody dancing through the trees .
tr	8	His anger reaching an all-time high , Link glares down at the boy 's innocent face with shaking fists .
tr	9	He works for George out there , he was here for the reunion but he 's gone back now .
tr	6	" Okay , apparently he 's fine , " Llama amended .
tr	8	And now , she supposed , she herself would be held in trust .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes relaxed , while Wounded Eagle stood watch .
tr	11	In fact we 've been talking about bringing Robbie home for good .
tr	9	Both doctors washed the soap from their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety of the situation worsened .
tr	11	" Who do you think could have done that ?
tr	6	He was carrying the open box carefully .
tr	7	For the first time in a long time , she felt like someone with a home again .
tr	11	Hailey decided to play along with him to get information .
tr	10	The man frowned , his eyes catching the glint of the Glock at the end of her arm .
tr	8	You need to understand this !
tr	9	Chapter 9 : Connor placed his bags on one of the two beds in the room .
tr	10	" The fool is trying to chase us without a rudder ! "
tr	9	Before he could blink Sidney stepped up to him and , wrapping her arms around his neck , hugged him tightly .
tr	5	" Even for the control room , I only needed your fingerprints ! "
tr	8	In the back of my closet I found a pair of black leather pants I 'd packed for the Paris nightlife .
tr	6	We walked for a further fifteen minutes through the Trojan Devices .
tr	10	" I know many of you are tired and hungry , so I 'll be brief .
tr	10	The one where the sun is on you and your face isn 't visible ?
tr	8	It was all I needed .
tr	8	Takeo slowly pulled himself up off the grassy pitch and stood steadfast in an open stance .
tr	8	" I 've talked to Cara and she 's given consent for a state funeral .
tr	6	Tommy took one and put it on .
tr	7	" Then billions will die , and Earth is doomed , " predicted Gorn .
tr	7	Though it was still daylight , she saw its diffused glow behind the clouds .
tr	6	I smoothed down my black shirt over my black pants .
tr	8	With feet back on the floor she sat forwards and slapped her hand into her desk .
tr	10	The men sat quiet for a moment , and Nathan contemplated what else could be done .
tr	6	Palme packed enough bread and water to last four days into a small brown bag .
tr	9	" I come from the kingdom of Ola on a mission for Church and my king .
tr	8	" So what exactly do you want me to do ? "
tr	5	" Good afternoon to you , too , sir , " Stein returned .
tr	7	If Mercedes hadn 't arrived , things would be awkward .
tr	8	" Hey , Bump , who 's your friend ? "
tr	11	To know who had interacted with her .
tr	9	He didn 't even take a shower or visit the outhouse without his .45 within arm 's reach .
tr	6	He hobbles into a large grey cavernous room , with rock walls .
tr	8	He estimated the lower branches at twenty to thirty feet above the ground .
tr	8	Of course that 's not his real name but he 's used to it by now . "
tr	9	As soon as you start working there you feel like jerk if you don 't . "
tr	10	I seem to be in the way most of the time . "
tr	5	' Aye , the latest Production Annex thoroughbreds . '
tr	9	He sank to one knee his vision blurred by the pain in his chest and arm .
tr	7	John jumped again and clapped his hands in his excitement .
tr	6	Despite everything she 'd seen and done , much of his world remained a mystery to her .
tr	9	think I might come again .
tr	6	Friedrich slipped a small rectangular device from his bag .
tr	11	The guards stepped back , turning and saluting the Colonel as they exited the chamber .
tr	7	Four of the section picked Winterton up off his feet and unceremoniously threw him into the van .
tr	11	I needed to leave before I hurt the poor guy .
tr	10	I also need to know who the target is .
tr	11	But this wealth -- we 'd be fools not to take notice . "
tr	9	It 's important that he go with a good heart . "
tr	9	Seth tried to get his foggy mind in gear .
tr	7	" Suzi , on Friday we are running with our new legs .
tr	8	The sooner you get out on the street , the sooner you get your package . "
tr	11	Bright said , " So now you 're over here at seven in the morning dumping it in my lap .
tr	9	The splash of bandit markings across its eager young face told Noah it was a Raccoon .
tr	8	The boat lurched on her lines as a particularly strong gust came down the harbour .
tr	9	Peering through those stalks , I saw two mounted men on the road .
tr	5	" Cassie ... " " Devon , I just need some fresh air . "
tr	9	He leaned against the drawing table as he grinned at Frank .
tr	8	Their feelings became stronger over the period of time .
tr	10	" Did you see them leave ?
tr	11	" My guess is they will probably sell it when she dies .
tr	10	I stepped away from the entrance letting her in , and I keep my breath to not smell her perfume again .
tr	8	" And now we have to leave , " I broke in .
tr	7	" I 'd prefer boots , " Mark said .
tr	7	No one moved and after a few minutes , she blew her nose and wiped her eyes .
tr	8	Then they tied us to the post where you found us .
tr	9	The village was quite spectacular , totally unspoiled , the castle and church looming in the centre .
tr	9	By the way , I didn 't expect to see you here . "
tr	10	They withdrew from the bluff and started their trek deeper into the mountains , the sky overhead ablaze in vibrant azure .
tr	6	I stare at his energy , at that purple saturation , with longing .
tr	8	When they arose from their places by the fire , they appeared as living corpses .
tr	8	" After it trailed us to the Eagle Door , it dragged itself here to die .
tr	11	Lina knew he would drop whenever he wished .
tr	7	I came to a halt and stared in shock .
tr	8	" I know many of those songs , " Brand said , his voice still trembling .
tr	8	I see no human activity within 100 yards of this location .
tr	9	Why do I have to stay here any longer ?
tr	6	The woman and two other Guardian soldiers gathered up the wounded Kura and carried her .
tr	10	Who writes well ... " After they casted the roles Rosemary started complaining about various things .
tr	10	He is too clean to be a merchant 's guard , perhaps he 's run away ?
tr	11	He looked down at the book he held in his hands .
tr	8	You were crying and stinking and generally annoying him even from your earliest days .
tr	8	You had better not sleep in here at all right until you disembark .
tr	8	" Now , no offense , but the rest of us don 't have the luxury for such nonsense . "
tr	8	Though it had been many years , he remembered his first encounter with spirits .
tr	7	" Someone or something is coming through the path .
tr	10	As if in response , there was a resounding crash , and the wall of a nearby house exploded outward .
tr	5	" I , I , I can 't remember . "
tr	11	" Well , we have decided for the time being to be very judicious in that regard .
tr	6	" How could I forget it ? "
tr	11	And third -- how to get out of this place and get back ?
tr	5	" Perhaps our friends here know the same thing . "
tr	7	The Bastian tech was silent for a while .
tr	5	" Well , Samantha , it 's really quite simple .
tr	6	" Not with his hands , but - " In the front seat , Nissa shook her head slightly , amused .
tr	10	We all walked along the coast line until we reached Mozambique a week later , this time without any difficulties .
tr	7	Every once in awhile he got up and added a stick to the fire .
tr	8	" I should get some food first , all those coffee packs are eating a hole through my stomach . "
tr	9	I aimed for the solar plexus in order to knock you out .
tr	7	" I am not some sort of joke .
tr	7	With luck the devils would be reclaimed , and justice would follow swiftly .
tr	6	" Wouldn 't this be your expertise , Mr. Intelligence ? "
tr	9	A short ride in the now smoothly running vehicle and sure enough , there it was .
tr	11	" Do you wish to join them ? "
tr	8	" Alright , motherfucker , " Ali said in English , " Keep an eye on that score ! "
tr	11	I didn 't want to talk about my mom , or share about the package .
tr	11	That seemed to be all they did .
tr	8	The Commander is keeping tabs on Tony Wei , Jennings and the other guy up in Leeds . "
tr	5	" Come on , Sally .
tr	5	" Not very practical , this fellow , " he mused aloud .
tr	11	I felt it was time I intervened .
tr	5	' Hang on , your father hates you ? '
tr	10	Relief left him exhausted , and at that moment he didn 't care who saw him .
tr	9	I yelled as I made my way to the door .
tr	9	What am I doing , feeling sorry for myself when my sister has cancer .
tr	11	Nobody was all too upset about the government 's plans to automate this process .
tr	10	I have no idea what 's going on .
tr	6	" You know , like the Bat Cave .
tr	7	Jacob said , " Right , I pushed a command to 007 and William noticed the change .
tr	7	Sweat streamed off me and dripped into my mouth .
tr	8	Now it was a good size creek that flowed .
tr	6	The rest of the Undine , Temporal Caste and guards alike , look too .
tr	7	With lungs and eyes full of tear gas , we left them on their knees coughing out prayers .
tr	8	She had the utmost faith and devotion for her father , but failure seemed certain .
tr	8	He and Dominic stood in place while the others filed out .
tr	10	I 'm not in the mood to play games .
tr	11	" This is not like how you 've ridden before , John . "
tr	11	You two have no idea what we will be dealing with . "
tr	6	Then from behind I felt a sharp prick on my neck .
tr	11	Ethan wondered if Carter had slipped and gotten the girl pregnant .
tr	9	We may have fought , but we did it with our hands and to each other 's faces .
tr	8	It makes him feel powerful .
tr	8	by the way the Colonel is involved , called me about it this morning ... ... .
tr	5	" Just one , sir , " said Beau gravely .
tr	10	" I don 't think your papa is avoiding you .
tr	5	" Quickly , Rhi , " Izzy gleefully urged her sister .
tr	10	Knowing that it would make everybody happy .
tr	6	And in this new capacity , I stood my ground and shook my head .
tr	10	Having to wait for the dawn annoyed me .
tr	6	" It 's in ... shock now , but ... it 's getting strong again . "
tr	11	" You know about the pact that joins our kingdoms , yes ?
tr	7	* * * Ken Goodspeed peered down the chimney and brought his walkie-talkie to his face .
tr	7	" Tell him what exactly ?
tr	5	" The dress , the fancy dinner , all your flattering words , then the jewelry box . "
tr	5	Vr ' tish : four feet , seven inches , black ponytail , black facial whiskers .
tr	10	I know you dislike my vanity but will you do this just now .
tr	8	Gabe drops his own bag at the foot of the other bed .
tr	6	" No , and that is my next point , " Amory smiled graciously at me .
tr	9	To see who 's missing .
tr	8	Our housekeeper and her husband live in the Lodge here and our farm manager has a house behind the barns .
tr	10	Because she was tired of wondering .
tr	8	" What you did see you have forgotten .
tr	9	I need them to fight the trolls on the Ice Shelf . "
tr	11	I am supposed to stay at your place and go home after school Monday . "
tr	8	I glanced at the man at the back of the room .
tr	9	" Your pardon , sir ; I was only obeying my orders . "
tr	11	" Can anyone explain to me what 's going on ? "
tr	11	Boys seem to be more open with their emotions whilst walking .
tr	6	Within a few minutes , the dingo is down for the count .
tr	8	The Trojans roared to life expelling masses of heat and fire from their engines .
tr	9	He lifted his son onto the pony and helped him get his feet into the stirrups .
tr	11	he said , seeing a cigarette hanging from Adam 's lips .
tr	8	" Oh boy , " Taylor laughed , " the sight of a bad conscience .
tr	9	Also , that mouth of his wouldn 't shut up if you paid it to .
tr	8	' But if another potential leader was to come to the fore and challenge her ... ' He lapsed into silence .
tr	9	Or perhaps a stroll to the patisserie ? "
tr	6	Mom 's words came back to me about meeting at some pastry thing .
tr	6	What did they store down here ?
tr	8	" Whatever I say , I cannot but be swayed by personal feelings .
tr	10	" Sir , let 's not let this get out of hand , " Campbell pleaded .
tr	8	The future of our species and welfare of all others depend on us doing the right thing NOW .
tr	9	" You know what I still don 't get it .
tr	6	And then the men opened their mouths and spoke .
tr	7	Her emotions were crashing around in her head .
tr	10	I remember the exhaustion , the heat , and the insects that bit us day and night .
tr	8	His mind whirled with the implications for what just happened .
tr	5	" What is your name ? "
tr	7	Karen reached in her jeans and flipped open her cell phone , pressing a speed dial number .
tr	6	" Come in , " a deep , sonorous voice calls from inside .
tr	9	Promptly standing , her posture is not that of fear , but of insisting respect .
tr	10	" You 're not going to turn into a Zombie . "
tr	8	A dirty blond haired girl with big green eyes showed up on the top of the staircase .
tr	8	" The windstorm was a bit of good luck , " he said .
tr	9	I have to keep looking .
tr	11	" Does that mean she made you ?
tr	7	With a grunt the old man stands and walks halfway behind the screen .
tr	10	They both were cowering by the throne , hoping to be forgotten .
tr	9	I think at least one of them would be unguarded . "
tr	9	This time she will have to die , or she will never let me live .
tr	10	' Can you wait until we have had dessert ? '
tr	11	You think I 'm doing this for you ? "
tr	8	" They are already breaking through our lines and we haven 't much time . "
tr	8	He smiled and accepted a mug of tea .
tr	9	Lily slept in her sling , snuggled against her mum .
tr	10	Ted figured he had put in a full day .
tr	11	I didn 't know a person held like this could weep ! "
tr	10	Richard talked them through the bands he 'd signed .
tr	7	He stood there , equally rigid , his young body straight , his face stern and determined .
tr	9	There 's the main house and some outbuildings , doesn 't look as though they 've guards outside .
tr	8	" But we 're only going as friends , " Sarah said .
tr	11	Susan made me want to live again .
tr	9	The puddles became a stream , and the stream got larger the deeper that they went .
tr	10	I do need to heal .
tr	6	The door to the lab slides open and Aria strides in confidently .
tr	10	Right now I want to get to work . "
tr	9	You have a well that 's collapsed ? "
tr	6	As of now the entire golf course is a crime scene .
tr	9	When a Vampire has multiple Wolf embryos they 'll fight for the nutrients of the mother .
tr	10	What poetry it would make !
tr	9	Three minutes in that room and they expect you to uproot your life and save the world ! "
tr	8	After watching it fly , the dog bounded over to retrieve it .
tr	6	In the Bible , angels are God 's warriors .
tr	6	She took a deep breath , pushed back her shoulders , and clenched her fists .
tr	6	Athena 's eyes shot to him , hopeful and sad at the same time .
tr	8	It 's getting late , and well ... I 'm famished . "
tr	10	We stared at one other for several seconds , listening intently to the silence in the passage outside .
tr	9	" But first ... you were caught trespassing in my wood .
tr	6	" I said your family ... " " It 's just coincidence . "
tr	10	I paused and turned , struggling to hide my impatience .
tr	11	She said , " Bay will make the alliance my father wanted .
tr	7	As he spoke he slipped an arm around her waist pulling her closer again .
tr	9	He shook Clarence Anderson 's hand and then President Philip 's as they were introduced .
tr	7	Mr. Wong signaled the engine room for reverse engines and the ship inched out into the Hudson River .
tr	7	The rest of us took Pietro and the other three guys and Marco 's mom out to the waiting vehicle .
tr	8	But that only counted in my book , and I wouldn 't be receiving any prizes .
tr	11	I did want to be your friend .
tr	6	" Mr. Pope , " Quince interjected , " the day before your arrest , you withdrew a half million credits .
tr	10	If you want to save your friend , bring the book with you .
tr	10	In fact , I have spoken to her many times , since she became Miriam Pearson 's governess .
tr	6	After a final check , she inserted a lock pick and quickly had the door open .
tr	9	He was thankful that the place was spacious and quiet , somehow .
tr	7	He moved off and disappeared from view .
tr	8	I refused to feel guilty .
tr	7	The only unfinished branch of the family tree , according to our records , was in my great-grandfather 's generation .
tr	10	" I think I 'll wait outside , " Navi awkwardly interjects , drifting toward the door .
tr	10	Danny watched him scan the room for familiar faces before catching his eye .
tr	11	Marja was just finishing going through her wardrobe , throwing clothing behind her and onto the bed .
tr	11	" Would you mind if I had a look at the book some time ? "
tr	7	This time ten rounds hit the target before the gun again jammed .
tr	10	Ted sidestepped in response , keeping a safe distance between him and Joe .
tr	9	Light gleamed on a camera near the ceiling while we strode silently across the carpeted floor .
tr	7	Believe it or not , I only had one friend back at home , " Tori explained .
tr	10	Darkness and silence engulfed me as I was buried beneath the rubble .
tr	8	He charged one group of us and then another .
tr	11	There was no reason for what happened to her .
tr	10	It was only five more miles but they missed the last turn and had to double back .
tr	8	" I 'll be out in a minute . "
tr	8	The creek had emptied into a larger river ; the water rushed as a torrent .
tr	9	The women in Lilly Ann 's life had begun to gather and made the Taylor house the center of their attention .
tr	6	Two other girls , Laura 's sisters , opened the door for Glock .
tr	11	Eyes darted back and forth between the two images , trying to locate the faint lines ; many seconds ticked by .
tr	7	Nora 's beauty finally caught his fancy and he shifted his eyes to her head with its black flowing hair .
tr	10	Chase lifted her off the horse that made her face reddened .
tr	8	" I need to get this over with .
tr	8	Don 't be hurt by it .
tr	9	" What right do you have to challenge me , Stephanie ? "
tr	10	Michael asked : " How could an ordinary woman born on earth fulfil the prophesies ? "
tr	10	Feeling the excitement as he held it in his hand , all eyes suddenly turned to him expectantly .
tr	7	Colorless eyes stared back at her , not a hint of brown or gold left in them .
tr	8	" Are you heading into the city ?
tr	10	They could sing a thousand songs , and you never got tired of hearing them .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	6	Quickly the soldiers part to the side reveling the King walking towards them with his personal body guard .
tr	10	And the endless chatter and questions , my goodness it could drive a person loopy ! "
tr	5	With that Calvin heavily advertised The Water Rats gig .
tr	9	" I do not know how many of them there are , Adele .
tr	7	The guard slid his glass window panel to one side and leaned out into the night air .
tr	5	Above , on the deck , there was an agonized scream .
tr	5	Even without the camera shells , they strongly resemble each other .
tr	8	" I think she likes you . "
tr	10	" Your friend Tim has been possessed by a being from the Orion Confederation .
tr	10	the old man asked , accepting his plate and a bottle of beer .
tr	6	" It 's still the Rowan Land ... except , it 's my Rowan Land . "
tr	11	They would have hurt anyone they came across .
tr	5	" Callie , I - " I raise my hand and shake my head .
tr	10	Because this keeps happening to me .
tr	10	That was the last thing he should 've said .
tr	11	Noel says there 's a call coming in from Auckland .
tr	9	It is brought forth by the Wizards of the Realm . "
tr	8	I spun around to confuse any intruder .
tr	9	" Since when have you started believing in your brother 's little fairy tales ?
tr	7	You practice almost five hours a day counting the gym work .
tr	11	He looked over Jess who had approached the window .
tr	7	Within days of the last rain the edges of the burrow entrance holes hardened like clay brick .
tr	9	Wait till you 're approaching Jamaica .
tr	10	She was by now most likely in Grand Cayman or headed to Key West .
tr	9	Pointing to benches on the far wall she added , ' You coming ? '
tr	8	With wide eyes she quickly turns away and fights back a sudden need to vomit .
tr	11	The Talisman is made of two halves , each of which opposes the other .
tr	9	I didn 't have time to send it through . '
tr	6	CHAPTER SEVEN : ALPHA GATE " This knife , " I said to the woman at the booth .
tr	10	He looks much stronger than when I last saw him . "
tr	10	" I told you already , he said that he would . "
tr	11	The room amounted to little more than a tiny attic meant for storage .
tr	9	But I 'm going to win , and it won 't be long now .
tr	9	Your traditions have led us to ruin , " she concludes , marching toward the door .
tr	7	Having said that , two of George 's most trusted Lieutenants were Irish ... .
tr	10	She just shook her head and hoped she would not let her mother down .
tr	10	How come you 've brought him back here ? '
tr	9	The three of them lay in the dry padi as Harry disappeared behind them .
tr	8	She knew she loved him .
tr	8	One was counting a mass of folded , gray shirts on some shelves .
tr	6	007 reached Alfred a full minute before Ben .
tr	9	In a sheath hanging between the dead man 's shoulder blades was a knife .
tr	9	She could see him getting worse and worse .
tr	7	When he accidentally surged his own man , Mac grabbed the immobilizer from Raymond and pointed it at him .
tr	6	The danger has passed and the cleanup is well underway .
tr	8	" The bunkers have overlapping fields of fire but not by much .
tr	6	" Good riddance , " the soldier at the control panel said and pressed another button .
tr	8	They used the call of the crow to alarm over long distances .
tr	5	" He 's just small . "
tr	9	The Captain removed the electronic card from the top of the confiscated goods and put it back in his pocket .
tr	7	His normally immaculate dress was crinkled and filthy ; a grey , unkempt beard shadowed his thin cheek bones .
tr	5	And , from that dark cavern , the Rebel King stepped out .
tr	8	For a second he studied the levers and wheels to find his bearings .
tr	9	Yet , great goodness , that was no reason to kill him !
tr	10	He was shocked at how far from Earth he was .
tr	5	Still in dragon form , his claw and tail freshly bandaged .
tr	10	" Very well , " she nods , her harsh demeanor not affecting the ritual of the temple .
tr	6	" I survived a fire , big deal , " Tori said .
tr	11	Removing the meter he picked up a Stratocaster he 'd been working on .
tr	5	No more the hurricane , no more the violent wind , no more the raging volcano .
tr	5	Dresden and his staff take their place as well .
tr	7	He lifted his hands up defensively , " Get away , " he muttered , " Get away . "
tr	7	After one more giant breath , I grabbed the door and opened it again .
tr	11	' We know what we want so let 's sing it .
tr	7	We were happy and I never wanted for anything .
tr	8	Macro spotted Atticus 's coat arm peeking out of the corner .
tr	8	' I thought we did amazing .
tr	5	Chapter 29 " Maybe this is a good thing . "
tr	10	They spent the rest of the afternoon preparing the dessert and joking around .
tr	10	If it does come down to stay or go , I 'll let you make the final decision . "
tr	7	This is how you Yanks really are . "
tr	7	Suddenly , Bea bared her teeth , turned the trident on Angus , and pointed it towards his chest .
tr	6	Americus ' smile broadened , and he gave Bax a knowing look .
tr	8	The violin screamed its heart out , as the girl 's dance grew wilder .
tr	9	It is a privilege to see you again . "
tr	5	" And by the way , the painting really is a boob . "
tr	11	This thought ate at his mind , creating a shadow he couldn 't shake .
tr	11	Her dad had bought torches that smelled like that .
tr	8	Her face was calm but she seemed tense like a coiled spring .
tr	9	Josie worried where this might be going .
tr	10	The Prince 's mind seemed to have gone blank .
tr	8	Flaherty pulled out a chair for her and she joined the group .
tr	11	" I think it 's common knowledge in this room that we were estranged .
tr	9	" But why won 't you tell me how you did it ? "
tr	6	" ' Tis a family tradition .
tr	9	" I know it 's hard , without her around . "
tr	10	They could see into the three forward and side windows , and into the cockpit on each craft .
tr	9	Rick had to smile at that .
tr	5	And Rhi 's panic and anger together were not a good thing .
tr	9	" You 'll see when you get here , Ms Jennie . "
tr	6	" That time , I gave you my kid , " I whisper , and her pussy tightens again .
tr	7	Derrick and Dane both order the Flathead fish , and Henderson is having the steak .
tr	5	" He is not very courageous . "
tr	5	" I have a confession . "
tr	8	" Ok , then I ' ll leave immediately . "
tr	10	" You got ta watch out for the Ops guys , " Davidoff warned .
tr	11	Depending , he may wish for execution before I 'm done with him . "
tr	10	The fort was , as he already knew , a relic from the roman invasion .
tr	10	" That beggar who asked us for money ... He was telling the truth .
tr	10	Do we agree on that ? "
tr	7	" Harry loved it in the Regiment , most of them do .
tr	8	" I 'm sorry , " he said , " about making such a big deal .
tr	7	The family was like any other , but the light of love shone particularly brightly on this family .
tr	7	ToC * * * * * Chapter 20 The Past Harold stared at Jin with a serious look .
tr	9	" He forgot to sign my time card , " Goodspeed said .
tr	10	He hoped that Bax was right about the monsters .
tr	5	Down the stairs , on the first level , they pulled a fire alarm .
tr	6	" The night James and I first had sex , " I say , " it wasn 't about our hormones .
tr	10	Andy felt a surge of exhilaration as he took control of the Comet .
tr	8	" You are to leave our house this instant . "
tr	6	Six white-knuckle minutes later , they pulled into the Cayman Islands Yacht Club .
tr	7	No wrinkles yet ... . .
tr	10	Katherine looked at Raphael who said , ' Alone again . '
tr	7	Bill Foley and Misty Rowling spent lots of time there too .
tr	7	" If I may ask , My Laird , what percentage of the new troops will be trained Ferrets ? "
tr	9	Alexia who lives in town .
tr	10	As she hung up the phone Claire couldn 't shake the feeling that Kim was holding back .
tr	5	" Not normally , no , but these were unusual circumstances .
tr	7	Lieutenant Graves spoke with the pilot and waved his men on board .
tr	5	' Oh no you don 't , ' screamed Sally .
tr	9	She removed the bandages and reapplied a cooling gel with a strong herbal scent to his battered skin .
tr	10	Never mind what she 'd do to me .
tr	11	I 'll make arrangements to get you into a proper berth tomorrow if that 's alright with you . "
tr	7	Along with it comes a golden age of prosperity and luxury beyond your wildest dreams . "
tr	8	Venom 's missiles slam into the expanding pulse wave and begin exploding brilliantly .
tr	8	Sitting in the chair , Maya looks up at the strange device with trepidation .
tr	6	Beneath his chair the floor shifted ever so slightly , and on the desk several objects moved .
tr	11	I guess that nickname was going to stick .
tr	10	" I don 't want to hear about partial victories ! "
tr	7	" Let 's work our way back through the padi , " suggested George .
tr	10	Her only option was to start to trot .
tr	6	The blood stains across his shirt and jeans are already turning dark .
tr	10	Just thought he 'd stop ?
tr	9	I stared into the eyes of darkness and shuddered at what I saw .
tr	8	I sank into one of his kitchen chairs .
tr	9	They didn 't ask so they could not see .
tr	8	I crept along the best I could , avoiding the mud .
tr	11	He remarked on the size of them , and the absence of any sighting of the animals .
tr	7	A twirling right arm bats the punch downward as a left hook angles into the boy 's chin .
tr	6	" Certainly , " the man agrees with a slight nod .
tr	9	You have twelve whole years in which accomplish this failure is not an option .
tr	7	" Do you remember what happened ?
tr	11	I am just starting down the hall when Geoff calls me into his office .
tr	6	The tears running down her cheek sparkled in the light .
tr	5	" Very well , his actions are not sane anyway .
tr	5	" Not necessarily , " said Dr. Lambert , with an understanding smile .
tr	5	" You should sleep . "
tr	9	The poor Duke went to hunt the deer but found himself the prey instead .
tr	6	I touched her soft skin and the tingling spread to my fingertips .
tr	9	" Wolf Eyes , " said the chief , " there may have been other survivors or captives .
tr	8	He wrapped his arms around her long , muscular body , pulling her even closer , acting on the invitation .
tr	11	I moved up a few feet to the outer corner where the blocky face above met the face of the Diamond .
tr	11	' Saved you a seat , ' Calvin told her once John fell silent listening .
tr	5	The same features , the same hair , even the same smile . "
tr	7	The stranger steps back , and Ryan collapses to the ground .
tr	11	Then they use the copies to help them get to their destination . "
tr	6	" You know , " Bobby said , " some of them need a gas and oil mixture . "
tr	9	Others stood quietly and watched an obviously annoyed Officer Lucas survey the scene .
tr	9	The object looked like a deep red crystal , about two inches long , shaped like a finely faceted teardrop .
tr	8	* * * Gabe 's version of events : It was a dark and stormy night ... Yes it was ... .
tr	11	" Ah , Sir , " Colonel Pry attempted to speak on behalf of his son .
tr	7	" Yes Captain , " Jeff agreed and he headed down the steps to the main deck .
tr	6	As a linguistics geek , she could definitely recognize Arabic .
tr	5	Two seconds later , warm cake hit my eye .
tr	5	A soft knock on the door .
tr	9	I thought Sky should meet her half-sister . "
tr	6	" There is something amiss , sir ? "
tr	8	Sarah knew well the feeling of fear and desperation to protect her child .
tr	7	" That thing before with the gun ; don 't worry about that .
tr	7	" I looked into his eyes and I felt pure evil . "
tr	10	Damn it if it wasn 't for him she 'd still be in Sarawak working as a government interpreter .
tr	6	Her long , platinum blond hair fell in loose waves past her shoulders , with a few black peekaboo strands .
tr	11	It was Rand who broke it , smiling awkwardly .
tr	10	Chris saw they were all here , the crew of the Lady Grace .
tr	9	" You do know what you 're doing ?
tr	6	Most likely a side effect that Adolf put to particular use against the sprites . "
tr	9	He stood before the entire group , at times waving his arms emphatically in the tale .
tr	11	Alejo 's family all stared at him with expressions of disbelief that clearly said : Go ?
tr	11	His fingers felt like damp chicken bones as he pushed her down the flight of stairs .
tr	6	" Yeah , but it was mostly the stuffy upper class , " Christy said .
tr	8	The mountains became especially beautiful in the light of the fading sun .
tr	9	Good people to have with you in a fight .
tr	11	Brand wrapped it tight as a loud , shrill scream issued from its mouth .
tr	9	I want to know why .
tr	9	He closed the door then looked around the area .
tr	11	We were halfway across the concourse when Reid stopped and indicated the opposite end of the atrium .
tr	11	I 've no time to tell you all of it .
tr	10	Didn 't you write that , what was it now ... " " Yes !
tr	8	" They stuck bird bones in their wrists and sucked their stored blood while they slept . "
tr	10	I have come up with a course of action I feel is our only option given the circumstances .
tr	9	She began to cackle with her obnoxious voice .
tr	11	They get shipped out every morning but ... " " But what ? "
tr	5	To a man , our attackers lowered their muskets .
tr	9	I 'm going to pet a dinosaur , first thing ! "
tr	6	For you , it 's probably halfway to the moon .
tr	5	Like the ocean , his eyes darkened , the deeper she looked .
tr	7	" No , I 'll help you , " she said .
tr	8	Yet he did not know , even if cast into a furnace , it would cure the chill inside him .
tr	8	She may not want to come .
tr	8	He gazed quietly at the man for a moment .
tr	6	She spotted the lifeless figure on the makeshift stretcher .
tr	8	" It 's weird , especially that you ... you know . "
tr	10	I didn 't want to be his wife , master dervish .
tr	8	" I can 't leave you and Daddy behind , " Maya declares defiantly with tears in her eyes .
tr	8	I sat in the living compartment , savouring the moment to myself .
tr	11	He 'd chuckled as he walked past , setting her heart racing .
tr	6	Grow some balls and move .
tr	7	I have lots of sample bags -- what size ? "
tr	6	" I am a hybrid , " I say the words out loud .
tr	7	The sounds coming across the clearing were pure beauty and peace .
tr	7	" He 's making the nails , " he said .
tr	8	" It screams money and these people have seen very hard times for the past several years . "
tr	6	On the other side , a row of chickens spun over a low fire .
tr	11	She could not allow them to hurt her brother or take him from her .
tr	10	She stole the man you love away from you . "
tr	8	" Fire , " Mai declares without missing a beat .
tr	9	When my mother and father went to investigate , they found a young pregnant woman killed .
tr	8	If none were given then they would power down . "
tr	6	He walked through the door to the restaurant .
tr	10	He felt that , at any moment , the men would creep up behind him , clutching their spears .
tr	10	' You 're bailing us out so it can 't be you . '
tr	9	Sampson and Anderson stood and regarded one another silently for a moment .
tr	8	Scanning the area for his horse , Link spots young Colin jogging over to greet him .
tr	11	If only he knew what was above him .
tr	11	Business was conducted here , but celebration was no stranger to the room we entered .
tr	9	" How were you to know what ? "
tr	11	" But I don 't want to get used to it . "
tr	8	They were on the top shelf where he always kept ' em . "
tr	7	Enchanted swords were great , but Drake was not a god and I certainly wasn 't a goddess .
tr	7	Otherwise you will not make the deadline , " Captain Jean gasped .
tr	6	Just blazer and slacks for me I think .
tr	7	" You were kind but the people were into your looks never in your heart .
tr	8	" You 'll feed Tip , " she told Jansen and handed him one of the bottles .
tr	6	I was real and intangible , the world around me was a smoky haze .
tr	8	The metal shavings fell about us , and the filing was the only sound in the room .
tr	11	Although , the Turks did seem to behave a lot better than she expected .
tr	10	Best thing is to wait and see for the time being . "
tr	9	It overlooked a beautiful valley , and the snow from the mountain around us was just receding with the sun .
tr	5	Suddenly , all the American helicopters simultaneously fire up their engines .
tr	5	Silva and Grieg Prust , a young couple hiking the woods .
tr	10	I think we 'll have some favorable revisions , " said Alfred .
tr	9	The moment we turned the power back on they would simply start charging again .
tr	5	" Yes , the tentacles hardly spoiled it at all ! "
tr	10	Where were the creatures I had been sensing ?
tr	8	He rammed the keys into their holes and turned them simultaneously , arms stretched wide to either side .
tr	7	" This cannot continue now , Rick .
tr	11	She looks down at the tiny figure standing on the surface of the rocky mesa .
tr	6	A massive clock , a tower , and a torrent of evil souls .
tr	9	Cade found he could barely manage his next words .
tr	6	The words would wait , he told himself , until the dawn after the longest day .
tr	8	" That would be Mike 's Ellen , " Fiona said .
tr	5	Opera , the Vatican , the Renaissance , da Vinci , Armani , Lamborghini .
tr	9	It was obvious that they did not like Black Scorpion .
tr	8	He opened one eye to observe her doubtfully .
tr	10	It seems that our times are not so different to Shakespeare 's .
tr	8	They were nearly ten minutes into their stroll when Rick saw a commotion up ahead .
tr	8	" She 'll see you again soon , " she said , " and you can make her understand . "
tr	7	Confusion showed on Mark 's face .
tr	5	" But it 's still your usual unfaithful husband detail , right ? "
tr	11	" Do you know how we made them ? "
tr	11	As he came face to face with the mirror , Ted was shocked by what he saw .
tr	6	I take out the stencils , paper , brushes , chalk , three plastic bowls , breathing gear , and gloves .
tr	8	Victoria and Jacob entered the lower level , looking for the two Asians .
tr	10	" Let 's concentrate on being sailors .
tr	9	He observed that his skin color was pale and felt clammy .
tr	8	" Bacon and eggs , " he said as he picked up his knife and fork .
tr	10	Was he trying to convince the Prince of something ?
tr	9	I knew I could do it .
tr	9	I got a fright when you were gone this morning .
tr	8	Reid had inherited an old police radio scanner with the car .
tr	9	" I had created this place and I guaranteed you were safe here .
tr	6	We lost Mom , but now I had a sister .
tr	7	Day after that , they have a concert in the park .
tr	7	" You forced her and all others like her into a corner .
tr	5	Just the stone path , the boathouse , and water , water everywhere .
tr	6	Two new pair of Ray & Bans , one the hard look the other a little softer , now the watch .
tr	8	Just inside the mouth of the cave were people sitting at a fire .
tr	8	The door gently closed , the lock clicking in place .
tr	10	Their handshake and smile was all the expression of appreciation needed between the two men .
tr	5	Such precious little things . "
tr	5	After a brief delay , General Mayhem came on . "
tr	5	And finally the Assassin , his head lolling , beaten , obviously .
tr	6	My fingers grazed the starboard skid landing gear and closed around it .
tr	6	Troy is here , " the woman calls behind her .
tr	5	" This is my territory , however , and wasn 't that your requirement ? "
tr	8	" The Empress detests the weapon , had it not been for the Union we would not have one .
tr	8	" Anger , or embarrassment that I told the truth ?
tr	5	Compound fracture in his right tibia and hairline fracture in his left femur .
tr	10	' Are you going to be nice ? '
tr	10	Logan and I carried Jacob in and laid him on a table at the priest 's direction .
tr	5	Steadily the sailors pulled them in .
tr	11	" I can get the file that 's not a problem , " he said .
tr	8	" Probably not , so I 'll be bringing them , too .
tr	8	There was still plenty of time to go .
tr	11	" I need my hands free to carry Hagan , " he argued .
tr	7	He draw out his sword in an instant and throw the blade directly at her .
tr	11	My family did not agree for me to see a usual , peasant , a commoner human .
tr	9	John came over and sat on the side of the bed .
tr	7	' Small in size massive in spirit , ' Jack said about the venue .
tr	11	It 's time you learned to swim . "
tr	7	I wiped my sweaty palms on my pants , and sudden panic hit me .
tr	8	" See , that doesn 't make sense to me , " Frank countered .
tr	8	The Creek was off the path , higher up on the hill , well camouflaged himself -- well blended in .
tr	10	Angry for the situation we were in and that I could not change it . "
tr	7	And with winter coming on ?
tr	8	If I stop now , I 'll forget what happens ! "
tr	6	" Hey , these guys look a lot less ugly .
tr	11	Making her presence known for the first time in the battle , Navi drifts forward to confront the Goddess .
tr	6	As for Harry and Peter ... that 's different .
tr	6	When nothing erupted , Bert closed his mouth , grinned , smacked his lips and blinked .
tr	9	His friend had always been a voracious eater but this was a new sight to behold .
tr	6	After the long years , after the longing and fears and heart-stopping efforts , he was there before her .
tr	7	The spacious room inside the house was a stark contrast to the blurry darkness outside .
tr	9	Where she wanted to be .
tr	6	He hadn 't ... He couldn 't have ... Oh , but he could , and he had .
tr	7	He switched the display to a split screen showing company profiles .
tr	9	They sold fresh vegetables and fruit or bread piled high in wicker baskets .
tr	6	" Was I that obvious ? "
tr	8	" The instructions have changed , " one of the men from the station said .
tr	8	All my life I 'd lived a hard life being a professional soldier .
tr	8	Your spies in the palace have been good in the past , but this time they are too slow . "
tr	11	" Thank you , Thomas , " Parnell nodded to Sam , who left by the side door .
tr	10	His head stopped moving as he saw our bodies .
tr	10	" Are we ever going to get out ? "
tr	11	They looked around the room searching for any sign of comprehension .
tr	10	" It 's to stop the nasties getting in .
tr	10	Anon knew what he had to do .
tr	6	But human life -- human life is somehow more than everything else .
tr	11	Anna looked at Soul who blushed in embarrassment .
tr	9	I have been in your shoes and I clearly remember how it felt all these years later . "
tr	7	Nathan deliberately removed his hat and held it out in his left hand .
tr	8	I walked round to the driver 's seat , did a three point turn and turned the Cherokee around .
tr	10	The same happened when he opened the inner hatch into the space station and sailed in .
tr	10	" Yes , Merri Li could detect Superiors in the presence of Yang . "
tr	11	It was only after much chasing and running that the village was purged of all these beasts .
tr	10	Then , Chris saw the wall of the boathouse start to move .
tr	8	Claire smiled awkwardly at Fiona , then beamed down at the children .
tr	6	A small , thin man with thin , dark hair tight to his scalp , introduced himself as Inspector Quintus .
tr	6	" No , no it was real all right , " someone replied .
tr	5	" Maya , take my hand . "
tr	9	The operation should be pretty straight forward although , of course , you never really know .
tr	7	There , some hotel attendants found his , unfortunately unlocked , suitcase and collected a few thousand birds ' bank notes .
tr	6	The whistle had come and gone , and the train 's rumbling was only a memory now .
tr	9	Last chance Sev , I 'm tryin ' to save you here .
tr	6	She brought Abraham 's teachings to an entire different audience than the original texts .
tr	8	France was again being pushed back towards her natural borders .
tr	9	She encourages , eager to continue .
tr	8	If you can survive my cooking , you can survive anything .
tr	7	Wounded Eagle , Wolf Eyes and Proud Cougar met with the chief in low council , while the dance continued .
tr	8	I said polite , putting the glasses nicely on the table . "
tr	10	He points to a huge , deep-seated tree at the heart of the forest .
tr	9	This was soon replaced by the bright glow , and soft hissing sound , of a gas lantern .
tr	7	He frowned and took the Glock out of his holster .
tr	8	David pulled away and looked into his wife 's eyes .
tr	7	My eyes shone of their own light within the aura and I shivered at the sight .
tr	11	he asked irritated not even bothering to offer his visitor a seat .
tr	8	" She was my child and my responsibility as much as yours .
tr	11	" When you 're strong enough , I 'll show you what to cast to bind yours to you .
tr	6	By the time darkness fell , he was tired , hungry , and thirsty .
tr	8	But from out of a " black hole " appeared the Evil one in the form of a snake .
tr	6	Over the next week , Jack , Kelly , and Mrs. Poole fell into a comfortable routine around the house .
tr	10	We 're the only family we 've got left .
tr	8	" Well I won 't let you kill him !
tr	10	I will have to change planes at Hyderabad .
tr	11	Are you always going to speak so cryptically ? "
tr	10	Her false eyelashes helped with that bovine look she was cultivating .
tr	8	But details kept running through his mind anyway , mostly , had he forgotten anything ?
tr	11	The blast had come from the lobby where we had both just been .
tr	9	They are some of my best junior priests , and better with a club than most any of their colleagues . "
tr	7	The man nodded and selected four men , leading them over .
tr	9	He tried to open an eye , but it was too heavy .
tr	9	she spluttered , between giggles , ' it 's horrendous ' .
tr	6	The soldier turned harassed eyes upon Finan .
tr	11	So they shun us as those who turned their back on the land .
tr	11	Blinking lights beneath each cylinder displaying the condition of the prisoner frozen inside .
tr	10	" The court has decided to let you off with an easy sentence . "
tr	9	What a wonderful opportunity for you , " Aria replies , energy crackling from her fingertips .
tr	9	Refused to speak to me .
tr	5	Gavin , Tony , Garde , Winkler , Drake and Drew all folded in .
tr	9	She was at least three times larger than the rest of them .
tr	11	Tim looked puzzled " I didn 't hear anything .
tr	8	He is old and grown soft .
tr	6	No birth certificate , no bank account , no credit cards , no school records and no record of any employment .
tr	9	He thought the last four days had changed things .
tr	11	" Because the other was mated to the Vampire who sired him . "
tr	11	It would have been here before they took us .
tr	9	" If you could 've known him , " she said to Sarah .
tr	8	Not going to lie , I was a little freaked out .
tr	9	Taylor tried to be on his best manners .
tr	8	His crisis of conscience over the diary was long gone .
tr	8	Within minutes the crew were tied and sitting on the deck .
tr	10	As inconvenient as she could be , he was still not looking forward to that day .
tr	9	When Katherine 's reticence broke she said , ' I 'll cook . '
tr	11	Americans , who had watched their incomes shrink over the years , were quick to jump on the housing bandwagon .
tr	6	Outside wasn 't much help , the constant drizzle made the sun an ineffective indicator .
tr	6	Spirit and corpse once again lay upon a metal table , both entirely covered by a white sheet .
tr	9	The three of them spent the initial hours of the flight playing cards .
tr	9	I hope I can publish a story one day , though . "
tr	6	Scratching and clawing , the leader of the pack leapt for the nearest target first : Alice .
tr	7	To ride the train ? "
tr	6	Captains barked out commands to their scurrying crews .
tr	11	His fluorescent white fur seemed to brighten up everything around him giving the animal an angelic appearance .
tr	11	Were you afraid of losing him ? "
tr	10	Lance decided to be honest with me !
tr	6	it 's snowing pretty hard just now . "
tr	9	" He just thinks it 's important , is all .
tr	7	" Minus 3 degrees at 32,000 feet , I believe a degree warmer than we expected .
tr	5	But right now , without its steel protection , she felt empty and afraid .
tr	6	" He represents my business partner and is a distinguished guest . "
tr	11	There was a lot to be done before morning .
tr	8	" Born March 18th , 1984 , son of Captain Samuel Bender , USN Deceased ? "
tr	10	Most people in the Marine Corps called me VIN for short , " he said from below the stairs .
tr	7	' Stay with me , I 'm certain success and failure hinge on this point .
tr	7	Our people in the palace poisoned as much food and drink as we could .
tr	11	He said what he thought was true .
tr	6	Another rice concoction rested inside , it was white and sweet and delicious .
tr	7	He mourned the king 's loss , of course .
tr	10	He scrambled to face Abbey as she approached .
tr	9	They had found the farm abandoned a few days earlier .
tr	9	" Young men do not walk across the known world simply because they are bored .
tr	10	We promise we won 't go anywhere , don 't we , Simon ? "
tr	5	" Leading the GP requires a certain cachet , a certain attitude .
tr	8	" I shall not let your quest end due to my failings , my friend .
tr	10	George took a number of shots , from different angles and a close up of the tattoos .
tr	8	Having grown into a young man , Colin has matured beyond his timid ways .
tr	11	The rabbit is smart enough to hide beneath Gabe 's bed .
tr	9	On the hour he pulled on his gloves and removed the bulbs from the lights in the interior of the van .
tr	8	' I know , I was an idiot , ' Raphael said before changing the subject .
tr	10	Melody let the zombie 's corpse slide down to a sitting position on the floor .
tr	5	" The two are not necessarily mutually exclusive , Countess . "
tr	9	Matthew was certain they knew this cowboy .
tr	7	He was barefoot his arms and legs fully tattooed .
tr	11	Neither bird , nor even human doctors agreed to work for them .
tr	11	Jessica returned from her task , snickering , " I took a sandal and swatted Anna 's big fat booty ! "
tr	7	Mirai 's voice pierced the song with one single word , clear as the autumn sky .
tr	5	Jonah 's got a few Grey House folks around , too . "
tr	10	I am sure the Crystal Point lies in this valley . "
tr	7	We sell our books through distributors and book shows , same as everyone else . "
tr	5	Tyler Vincent and Dale Diamond , on the other hand , were front and center .
tr	6	His words echo again through my mind .
tr	8	Oh , you look ... " elf eyes filled with mirth , " ... oh god , you look ridiculous . "
tr	8	He started to raise his hands .
tr	6	" Kiss my ass , Jerry , " she flipped him off .
tr	9	" Show me where you came up the hidden staircase , " Missy said .
tr	5	Over the next two days Daniel spotted the Squirrels off and on .
tr	11	He saw the big man earlier giving directions to the guards before walking away .
tr	9	Make sure it 's clear . "
tr	7	He was ready for anything .
tr	7	Her muscles had turned to water .
tr	10	A couple of people turned , smiled at her and seemed to be watching her .
tr	6	His face was heavily wrinkled and a quick straight line made up his mouth .
tr	7	This they had to hear .
tr	6	Back at the house George and Robbie went back to the museum .
tr	10	He looks at one of the human technicians standing nearby .
tr	9	" There 's always some such thing in the vicinity , isn 't there ? "
tr	8	As I expected , a row of light switches were on the wall by my right .
tr	10	" Yes , this is Rick , glad to meet you , Walt . "
tr	10	Sergeant Major , I believe we have one more bit of business ? "
tr	11	But the sea lies waiting to scuttle us all . "
tr	11	She is wearing a long sheer gown that hints at her lovely toned body beneath .
tr	5	" Oh , that old story , child , " he said .
tr	9	With the bleeding completely stopped , he slowly released the tourniquet and watched for leakages at the end of the stump .
tr	6	Even his crew treated her with respect .
tr	11	" It is the cold of death and decay that follows where such evil roams free . "
tr	11	He tried to wave his hands , perhaps forgetting the cuffs that bound him .
tr	9	Let me try calling . "
tr	5	Rafe sent him a glowering look .
tr	10	" I am sorry if I have offended you . "
tr	7	" Sorry if I 'm late , " she breezed .
tr	7	Are you this Searcher ? "
tr	8	" The one you 're chasing is the old kind . "
tr	7	This time she recognized it - an empty water bottle falling against another .
tr	7	Ignoring this , Theodosia turned from her husband and looked at Furnace .
tr	8	Christy arrived at gymnastics class 45 minutes early ; she had nowhere else to go .
tr	11	She looked at the front yard that was right next to the parking lot .
tr	5	" Well , yes , actually it was . "
tr	7	He didn 't cause any trouble and the residents of the small West Tennessee town left him alone .
tr	8	And when Simon asked for volunteers , every hand shot upwards .
tr	9	The shops aren 't even going to be open today .
tr	5	" Yes , " came the reply .
tr	8	Frank knew he was dead .
tr	7	What have you been up to ?
tr	5	" Mike , no , " she said .
tr	5	" And the books are all due back today .
tr	7	Just climbing the stairs will take two hours ! "
tr	9	It wanted to feed on me .
tr	8	As we exited the chamber , they wrapped the king 's body in the cloth ; he became a faceless corpse .
tr	6	But I thought the new maid - " " The new maid quit last night .
tr	8	With the element of surprise gone , he was a sitting duck .
tr	10	Logan nodded , and the guard 's buttons flashed again as he moved further into the room .
tr	5	More pleasantries , handshakes and fake smiles took up the next two hours .
tr	9	Ricky had already removed his socks and shoes and told Lonnie to do the same .
tr	10	I whipped around in my seat , my glare piercing through his act .
tr	9	It was then that Natalie looked at the Wise Old Man .
tr	6	A moment later , his eyes sparkled and his mouth formed a smile .
tr	8	With only his life to lose he threw his boot aboard and took her hand but yanked hard down .
tr	6	Then , " I didn 't see that there . "
tr	8	The monster chasing her swung a blade at her , but she rolled into the room where George was .
tr	9	Steve was also instructed to simply follow Simon .
tr	7	It was completely off the agency books , unknown even to Jack .
tr	11	So you 're saying Humans are descendants of Superiors ? "
tr	9	He was also in a place where he made decisions for them all .
tr	9	Best I can do is a Dakota but it 'll get you there .
tr	7	" Yeah , she was on the bus , " Gabriel explained , happiness slightly subdued .
tr	5	Another person , like Judith Langdon , that Matthew had never mentioned .
tr	6	" I am Hilda , " the woman said confidently .
tr	9	Then , watching the legion set up their tents along the field , he paced the grounds nervously .
tr	9	He made sure he filled the doorway .
tr	10	She thought she saw one eyebrow twitch upward at that and a blush spread across her face .
tr	8	Why was Toby leaving the building in the first place ?
tr	6	After a few moments , one of the dragons lifted his head and sniffed the air .
tr	9	He 'd take care of my cuts and bruises , and then we 'd play Chess .
tr	6	Alonzo and Peter , in the middle and back from the group , looked like the two chaperones .
tr	10	Mr. Clancy stepped back allowing the other two to make their choice .
tr	6	Her arms were folded , her face set in a deep scowl .
tr	10	That site has had archeologists crawling all over it for decades . "
tr	7	The Frenchman had gone red in the face .
tr	11	Taylor always got excited when he heard the fuel truck making its way across the parking ramp .
tr	8	" There is power in belief , in will and in the words that we speak .
tr	9	Chelsea slowed up and waited for Alex to catch her .
tr	6	" The base 's general vacancy indicates that possibility , " Lord Quinn replied .
tr	10	I knew what I had to do .
tr	11	As he spoke he watched Jake 's face get red with anger .
tr	7	That 's all of them . "
tr	10	She squeezed his hand tighter than was necessary .
tr	7	The path led right to the dark recess in the mountainside .
tr	8	The looming weather situation was in all the conversations throughout their two-day hike .
tr	5	" I would , " Sidney replied evenly .
tr	8	He felt the muzzle of the handgun cold and hard against the side of his head .
tr	5	" Rest , then , " Brand said .
tr	9	He started to unwind the fuel hose and climbed up the foot peg on the right wing strut .
tr	10	Are there even words to convey your findings ? "
tr	7	They are here and we must avoid them .
tr	7	I 'm not quite sure why all the Masons came .
tr	8	" I know you 're upset .
tr	11	He was overcome as the blood pounded in his temples and his skin was flush with sweat .
tr	8	That 's exactly how I feel too .
tr	6	But like always , he 'd been too scared .
tr	8	' Well , not so much to land the trouble you have , assuming your mother 's philosophy 's correct .
tr	11	Manuel might as well have skipped school as far as learning was concerned .
tr	6	The thugs in that small town , the gangsters in the city , the Assassins in the library .
tr	5	" That 's not the only slow egg hereabouts . "
tr	11	She looked around one last time and then ascended the ladder that led back to the surface .
tr	9	" I 'm not quite sure I believe that . "
tr	8	One of these churches was currently being restored by our restoration artist .
tr	10	And where there 's one dead angel ... " Body on fire .
tr	7	We might need them for back-up . '
tr	10	The young scientist at the control desk wasn 't sure whether to follow the order or not .
tr	8	She jogged after the rest of them , feeling the long fake braid slapping her back .
tr	9	Whatever happened , he knew he was in good hands .
tr	9	In the middle of the room stood a table and a remote control with a large array of buttons .
tr	8	" Oh , I didn 't get it at the river , " confessed Ricky .
tr	9	But her mum only looked back as if daring Katherine to challenge the statement .
tr	8	When she put her hand back in her pocket she suddenly felt something heavy in the palm of her hand .
tr	8	At your advanced age , your chances of finding a good marriage are exceedingly low . "
tr	10	We entered the candlelit interior ; it was like stepping back in time .
tr	6	" Well , played , Colonel , " the shapeshifter said .
tr	8	" Girls , it 's Friday -- do you want a short practice ? "
tr	10	" Cam , " she began her voice low and hinting at faint tremor of fear .
tr	7	" ' Tis possible , I am known to some . "
tr	8	He went on to detail those provisions .
tr	8	" This is what we want , " he reveals , cocking his fist back .
tr	9	She 'll have to understand that .
tr	6	The broken voice of his father sliced through his heart .
tr	5	" It 's cool Maya .
tr	6	" She 's right , " Black Cat said , " The dragons still might not be safe here .
tr	11	" We 're just surprised you haven 't heard of them . "
tr	11	It had collapsed into itself creating a pile of blackened timbers and ash .
tr	10	That 's what I needed to do .
tr	7	' Wow , would you listen to that , ' John shouted over the uproar .
tr	10	Operations were being concluded in a atmosphere of celebration .
tr	5	For example , my speech today covers the Wright brothers .
tr	7	Rising from his throne , the king of thieves marches over to the girl 's position .
tr	8	When her feet found the stone , her weight left his arms , but her hands didn 't .
tr	11	I 'm just here to look for parts of an old shipwreck .
tr	8	" So the Tome has absorbed all the world 's knowledge , but can 't do anything with it ? "
tr	8	Programs had been slashed left and right , and many agencies were little more than collapsing shells .
tr	5	Fear is a fascinating thing .
tr	6	His eyes were puffed and bruised and his bottom lip was cut and sore .
tr	6	( Right hand ... left hand ... that hand is my hand . )
tr	11	She headed towards the office , where Rupert motioned towards a swivel chair .
tr	10	" I will now show you the adventures that your sons have been on .
tr	9	' Why haven 't I seen you here before then ? '
tr	5	' Well , no , lord , ' said the man .
tr	8	We have now reached one of those crisis points in our journey .
tr	6	A multitude of splintering sounds went into the air , then a high-pitched squeal like an excited animal .
tr	6	" As sure as anyone can be , " Bernard assured his sister from the door to her bedroom .
tr	9	" She 's trying to manipulate us .
tr	7	Apparently the need to focus did not rule out speech .
tr	6	Amid the large group , a truck suddenly pulls up to the parking garage .
tr	8	The road gods ' idols in particular are poorly maintained and thus their wishes are far from clear here . "
tr	6	Kevin is a runner , so he has almost no body fat , and he 's not a big guy .
tr	6	" Randolph , " barked the earl , " let me out this instant . "
tr	5	After a few moments , Jeff caught his breath .
tr	9	Rafe looked relieved for a moment before a frown settled on his brow .
tr	10	I stepped back and quietly let out the breath that I had been holding .
tr	10	They looked down and saw that three of the doors were opened .
tr	7	Scott tuned in the weather channel , picking up the tail end of a winter storm advisory .
tr	5	Only one or two umbrellas still dotted the landscape .
tr	9	I knew he would hate it .
tr	6	Finally the bass player took to the floor tom with two drumsticks .
tr	9	The young zombie collapsed as though its power button had been punched .
tr	8	The Courtier 's eyes bulged in their sockets , and his face was twitching in agitation .
tr	9	" I never said that I loved him , Eda . "
tr	10	The man at the table merely laughed , and his quill continued to scratch away on the parchment .
tr	10	" He wasn 't himself Lena and I thought you 'd be dead . "
tr	6	Only that in the morning you will see everything upside down . "
tr	8	" Yeh , Noah , that is amazing , " Hailey echoed .
tr	8	I 'm uploading a scan of the map now . "
tr	9	Every day he worked on cleaning up the yard or some other house maintenance activity .
tr	9	Do you need something ? "
tr	6	The name on the glass read - Bradley Zale , Saint Anne County Sheriff .
tr	11	The action I am also about to instigate will no doubt infuriate him further .
tr	8	I commanded harshly , indicating the sealed entrance in the containment wall .
tr	5	" Well , Ted Powers , " Melody began .
tr	11	She opened her eyes slowly , wondering how long she 'd been sleeping .
tr	7	As she entered the tent she inclined her head toward the two men .
tr	7	Kelly ignored Paul , and wrote the stranger 's order and table number , into her small notepad .
tr	7	The weather had been hot all week and , even outside , she felt sticky and uncomfortable .
tr	7	" He 's reached the cage , " he said .
tr	7	I murdered a famous pastry chef in a foreign country .
tr	10	He had not finished one song when a voice interrupted him .
tr	7	" Look at them , " I whispered .
tr	10	In all of this I missed the horse I 'd had earlier .
tr	5	" Yes , Roberto , those are beautiful words .
tr	8	A few of them trouble me to no end , following me about . "
tr	9	" We 're gon na find you ! "
tr	5	Melody exclaimed , then gave Ted a stern look .
tr	5	Alejo 's tone turned bitter .
tr	8	My full body spacesuit is nearly ready and yours will be ready a couple of weeks after mine .
tr	9	But many showed the growing up of a girl with blonde curls .
tr	9	The only reason we have survived this long is pride in our family name .
tr	7	" What with the riverboats going up and down the Missouri all the time , people just come flocking west .
tr	6	" Trouble I 'm afraid , " he yelled over the clanging noise .
tr	8	" I 'll be outside then " Dominic said .
tr	10	and Bradley told him the story about the land of the Unknowns .
tr	10	Eda jumped as she heard Rand 's voice , low and close to her ear .
tr	10	Her voice took on a somber tone , " Looks like I was wrong .
tr	8	She took Toby by the hand and led him down a corridor beside the elevators .
tr	5	That ain 't much . "
tr	9	My Dad and I spent about four weekends digging all the stone and ' other stuff ' out .
tr	5	Rand 's face shuttered up suddenly .
tr	7	" Fine , but this time you can tell him so . "
tr	11	I called the ship and asked them to provide us with cover ; our day in paradise was over .
tr	8	After almost three hours of walking , Dane heard the faint , but approaching sound of an engine .
tr	7	She felt well , even without medicine , she didn 't feel any pain now and she could breathe easily .
tr	10	She suddenly felt ashamed , standing there with bare , filthy feet and dried blood caked on her tank top .
tr	11	He crouched low to present less of a target .
tr	8	He slid down the last few feet of the path and gingerly tested the ground with one toe .
tr	7	He slid down , crouched on the floor opposite her and stared at her with bright blue eyes .
tr	7	" I 'm making you my daughter . "
tr	11	It is the only way I know to be .
tr	7	" When did you last see Mrs. Mason and her daughter ? "
tr	11	She could imagine running straight into the sea in summer .
tr	9	She 'll be in Hereford all this week as will David ... ... .
tr	11	" I might be tempted to say three but four is a safer target for the first escort . "
tr	8	These gems , when strung together , began to paint a bleak picture .
tr	6	" You are darkness , " the boy declares with a tired confidence .
tr	10	He liked to practice whenever possible .
tr	10	" This isn 't Mandarin , " she said to David , referring to the neighborhood in Jacksonville where they lived .
tr	10	I glanced at her and saw my own horror reflected in her eyes .
tr	11	This is something we have to do .
tr	7	You will be hanged too !
tr	6	The rope glimmered in the soft light .
tr	8	And the grass needed to be cut .
tr	8	We need something to even the field and this could be it , " Aria states .
tr	9	" Marja did a good job hiding your bruises , " he said , changing the subject .
tr	7	But right now , we got ta go .
tr	10	The comments started the minute they arrived at the custodian 's office .
tr	8	It stood there in the night , looking at them .
tr	7	If it wasn 't for ... " Beth spoke over him , then he over her .
tr	7	What would you girls like from the concession stand ? "
tr	7	' What the hell 's going on ? '
tr	9	" I can never get over how lucky you are , " Noah was going on .
tr	11	" What do you think they 'll do in the woods ? "
tr	8	" All humans are guilty of this crime , all humans must suffer ! "
tr	9	Stopping in the middle of the road , she began casting .
tr	10	Behind us our exit was clear but it was a path we would not take .
tr	9	Only three months ago he would have devoured this information with zeal , but now he hated it .
tr	8	Lessons seemed to last forever that day .
tr	7	Chapter 8 -- Don 't Look Back ... in TIME !
tr	7	As a whole , the symbol is a reflection of the social order according to the Faith .
tr	8	" I 'll take that under advisement , " Ted replied .
tr	11	' See if you can find anything on the computers , ' I told the two immortals .
tr	6	Isak 's short-sleeved black dress shirt and clean black jeans fit him like a wicked whisper .
tr	9	I will need to be cautious .
tr	10	The moment he passes over the deceptive wall , it begins to rise , urging him to hasten his escape .
tr	11	I don 't want it -- I don 't want to care about you !
tr	7	" You have three new faces in your house now , Wolf Eyes . "
tr	8	His sweat soaked through her shirt and he reeked of body odor and stale beer .
tr	9	" This is nice " said Trudy as the boat motored along at a slow clip .
tr	11	' They were encoded with another layer of encryption , but we managed to decipher most of it . '
tr	7	" That is , my reaction must appear rather strange .
tr	5	" Perhaps she was mistaken ? "
tr	7	What 's that in your hand ? "
tr	10	and was rewarded with an instant display of Octavian 's sleeping quarters .
tr	5	' By your own admission , you killed a man . '
tr	5	" Inside the image generator , I saw my soul mate . "
tr	7	This time , each of the four men dropped a fragmentation grenade through the hole and waited for the detonations .
tr	7	Fingers formed , then arms , legs , a body , a neck , a face , and finally hair .
tr	7	" They 're all in disarray from the tornadoes , maybe not for long , but for now .
tr	8	She wasn 't sure of his reactions , but there was no more time .
tr	10	He looked at the man two chairs away to see him watching him intently .
tr	10	They seemed to be annoyed by her behaviour .
tr	7	They dashed through the lobby and cut through the dining room .
tr	9	He dropped onto the gravel lot inside the gate and sprinted for the closest row of junked cars .
tr	5	" Real meat , real bread , real cake ! "
tr	9	" May I be honest with you ? "
tr	9	" Jean what is going on ?
tr	7	We know experts on other cultures and languages too .
tr	8	That frees up at least six to eight hours a day . "
tr	7	Fully recovered now , Elizabeth picked up her skirts and made her way back to her waiting carriage .
tr	10	How come there are four , " Uncle Jeff looked at Ricky , surprised and concerned .
tr	10	A small , nagging voice in my head reminded me that the world was full of beautiful places .
tr	6	" Excellent , you 're awake , " she said with a soft smile .
tr	8	The water was now above his waist so he was just about ready .
tr	6	" I just woke you up , " said Soul with a laugh .
tr	8	Though blackened like the others , he knew immediately these were gold .
tr	6	" Please , " Jim said , " You didn 't even hit me . "
tr	9	He waited for the second hand to hit twelve , then he depressed the button and held his breath .
tr	5	In a bored tone , Ivo commanded , " Then kill him . "
tr	9	Then , barely visible , Simon noticed on the top of his bag the book that his father had sent .
tr	11	" The people we use to feed our pregnant Vampires willingly do so . "
tr	6	I almost choke on my spit .
tr	8	" And quite a welcome it is , " he replied .
tr	7	Someday , if it 's all over ? "
tr	9	" I 'll be right back , " Missy said , getting off the stool and heading toward the lobby .
tr	8	Sam , oddly enough the only economist on Parnell 's staff , spoke into the silence .
tr	5	Their eyes met , one pair hunted and cloudy , the other wide and disbelieving .
tr	11	At one point , our blades became locked together , each man struggling to overpower the other .
tr	7	" Mmm , not sure about that either . "
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	9	There have always been sharks in the financial waters ; unlike the average investor , these guys are cold-blooded predators .
tr	7	The man gave him an envelope , then turned and jogged back to his truck .
tr	10	I don 't fake amused chuckles well .
tr	7	My clumsiness can 't get any bigger today , " Tori excused herself and picked up the books .
tr	6	" There , low and to the west . "
tr	8	He held her , imbedded in her .
tr	6	I slowly traced the metal numbers with a finger .
tr	7	The fourth engine was getting hot , so I calmed her down .
tr	9	Valerie asks with confusion raising her hands in exasperation .
tr	10	Summer in Connecticut seems determined to go out muggy and hot .
tr	8	His palm opens to reveal two capsules .
tr	9	He dug his hands into his pockets then pulled them out again .
tr	6	" A civil engineer , and her mother works as ... " " As a dietician , " I said .
tr	11	Reserves saw what was up and came to help .
tr	7	He would steer them clear .
tr	9	He smiles like he can 't help it .
tr	8	I feel like being nice . "
tr	9	Daniel was comfortable around Mariposa because she did not present any danger .
tr	5	It 's the city or nothing now !
tr	8	It must be difficult , with your job and Michael . "
tr	8	He looked up and could actually see the projectiles in flight .
tr	10	* * * At his cliff-top mansion , wealthy socialite Bryce Grain puzzled over the day 's mail .
tr	9	" I have some ideas that will help .
tr	5	" Yeah , his gold fillings , you still want them ? "
tr	7	She looked proudly upon her trusty ride and turned to her visitors with a beaming smile .
tr	9	He stares at me , and his hand hovers over the gun at his waist .
tr	11	Everyone 's pretty tense after the attacks to the north and with what happened to President Phillips .
tr	6	Nothing gets to that girl .
tr	7	They both sling a pair of military grade binoculars around their necks .
tr	7	" If it is not enough , then what possibly could be ? "
tr	9	" Yup , I would 've never suspected you guys , " Stacy said .
tr	11	Johnny never knew what hit him when his men reached him .
tr	10	" Just go back to sleep , idiot brother , " Leah said .
tr	8	It seemed that the road names described the area .
tr	10	Invent something to tell the doctors , but don 't tell them the truth .
tr	8	He had picked out a spot not far from Waving Willow 's house .
tr	5	" So you see , " he continued a moment later .
tr	9	The communication that occurs between them is heard on all open channels .
tr	9	" Ahh , ... and there would be the privilege of regular hot breakfasts ! "
tr	8	There wasn 't much time to be contemplative , though .
tr	8	Walter had then turned north at least a hundred miles from Nashville .
tr	8	------ The tent was very still when Rafe entered .
tr	6	After their breakfast the boss accompanied the sisters to the swimming pool .
tr	6	Maybe you could be , you know , sort of a guide . "
tr	8	" It 's the latest one out you know .
tr	10	" This place cost a bob or two , " she thought getting out of the car in the gravel forecourt .
tr	10	" Don 't you have to go to work ? "
tr	8	A second later , several black clad figures emerged from the shadows on either side of us .
tr	5	Voice # 1 : " No , Sir .
tr	9	Scott looked down at the white coyote beside him and when she looked up at him he smiled .
tr	10	An endless supply of signature cakes frosted to perfection waited on shelves to be delivered to some gala event .
tr	9	" Good to see you too , ED .
tr	6	" Aye , " Harrison nodded , " From the sound o ' things , the battle there be short .
tr	10	I bet I would have made it .
tr	10	Margaret and Gerald had fallen in love with Spanish Morocco on their honeymoon World tour , and got no further .
tr	7	" Wouldn 't have it any other way , " the big man said with a grin .
tr	6	Every now and then a white witch is born , but they are very rare .
tr	9	However much he might hate the UN , humanity needed a way to defend itself .
tr	8	" I 'm confused , I thought you were a pharmacist ? "
tr	8	Reid crushed the cigarette butt in the ashtray and stared at me with narrowed eyes .
tr	9	I know what brought you here , she thought .
tr	9	What to make her do ?
tr	8	Undeterred , Mason moved on to the next room , and then the next .
tr	9	Noah felt his adrenalin surge as he beat back the rear approach by the large one-eyed Lizard .
tr	5	" She has ... ways , my wife . "
tr	6	Ones they might regret later . "
tr	9	Sofia sighed , a vision of a Hunter is far more different than that of warlocks .
tr	9	" You 're killing me , " I whisper to the man as he pulls the needle from his hip .
tr	11	She had to look into available contractors when she was back home .
tr	7	My hands were still cuffed behind my back .
tr	9	We hate to intrude on your hospitality . "
tr	7	' Are they firing at us ? '
tr	8	" You wan na get a drink tonight ? "
tr	6	The trunks looked the most interesting , however .
tr	8	The flesh of the gunshot wounds pushed back out , dislodging bullet fragments and healing over .
tr	10	Then to a day on the farm with Mr Harcourt .
tr	8	Slowly the room warmed up as the peat took hold .
tr	8	' We still got ta eat , right ? '
tr	9	I knew Bob was in trouble .
tr	11	It can be hell , sometimes , being different things to different folks .
tr	10	Alfred had started losing his blond hair at age 37 , and by 47 it was a memory .
tr	5	About Grand raping my mother .
tr	6	" Have a good trip , " he told Carol and Ruthie .
tr	9	It was then the world of Vampires and Werewolves changed forever " Trudy said .
tr	5	Betelgeuse , the shoulder star , was a bright red .
tr	9	I 'm sure you 're tired .
tr	5	" Shh , " the old man admonishes the talking head .
tr	7	Our LZ is the big padi by the river .
tr	8	His heart raced with excitement after hanging up the phone .
tr	9	He runs his hand through the bristle of his hair and waits .
tr	11	He had to formulate a plan and he didn 't have much time to do it .
tr	6	Pushing away some old tyres , they pulled aside a heavy tarpaulin .
tr	10	Sofia breathed out a sigh of relief , knowing that she was still alive .
tr	6	Given what little we know of the Target ?
tr	6	Somewhere , out in the darkness , the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginia rose up from the land .
tr	9	The stories and jokes that were told that night had a common theme though .
tr	11	The boy suddenly declares , the ingenious ploy causing him to unwittingly place himself in the deathtrap .
tr	11	" You didn 't honestly think that it would stay a secret , did you ? "
tr	9	I had to agree with her there .
tr	6	" No , of course not , I 'll just wait right here . "
tr	11	Paris felt his ribs begin to crack again .
tr	7	" What 's going on ? "
tr	8	' Sorry , ' Raphael said from the other side , ' couldn 't resist . '
tr	6	His arm holding the gun plummeted to the ground with a loud clank .
tr	7	It had been early , the mist had been present at first light .
tr	11	" Which brings us to two issues I want to discuss with you Commander , " said David seriously .
tr	7	It took longer than expected .
tr	7	Alejo drew in a breath , and it was sharp , hurried .
tr	5	Eight other men sat or stood around the small fire smoking and drinking beer .
tr	11	A chorus of angry shouts flooded the battalion net as others discovered similar liberties taken with their own supplies .
tr	7	In his daydreams , too , the language 's strange words and phrases had crowded into his brain .
tr	7	Soaked in sweat , the only thing I felt was my aching feet .
tr	8	For years , his hands and feet had seemed too big for him , and he was forever tripping over something .
tr	8	I will remember all my life that horror episode .
tr	9	You need to get out of here now .
tr	5	AFTER the second kick , Zane jerked , and his eyes snapped open .
tr	6	Just two days ago I snapped an Arab 's neck with my bare hands . "
tr	7	When they reached the beach , there stood a half-circle of the men from the Wandering Wench and the Crow .
tr	6	The sound of feminine laughter , then silence , then urgent female warnings drifted to them .
tr	10	But she was ... what ?
tr	10	For example : they somehow mapped the entire galaxy with more detail than we had up until about 1999 . "
tr	11	It was time to go to work .
tr	10	He voiced was filled with lust .
tr	6	Not only did she need me that night , but I needed her too .
tr	10	Adjusting to living with humans . "
tr	6	Use the revolver , the tiny voice commanded again .
tr	9	" Okay , but could you do me a favor when you get the chance ? "
tr	9	' And things were just starting to get interesting ! '
tr	9	After VIN 's suggestions about banning Frank Sinatra , the meeting came to an end .
tr	5	My name is John Taylor .
tr	7	Concentrate on him and his vanilla scents .
tr	9	Alex and Christy turned theirs on and Rick led them in between the massive boulders framing the cave entrance .
tr	8	I picked up a copy of the Daily Star from the end of the counter .
tr	11	Everything had been quiet and had returned to normal at Lyndon Logging .
tr	6	The small wound healed quickly , and just four days after the operation , Isaac removed the Intravenous Drip .
tr	7	They gave no indication of it .
tr	10	When a situation of turmoil presents itself , you look to people of authority for support and guidance .
tr	11	" There 's the fact of the fire that burned the bones .
tr	9	The Khan loved Alejo like a son , and in the Pashto culture that kind of love should never be broken .
tr	8	I could attend to him and touch him often .
tr	5	No point in makin ' a fuss at all . "
tr	11	" I don 't think I can take them on alone . "
tr	6	Practicing different battle strategies , they used certain thoughts or feelings for their different commands .
tr	6	Behind the pilot are two different control stations with various video screens and controls .
tr	9	When he was offed we had all the players under surveillance so there 's someone we 've missed .
tr	6	The light flickered off their bodies , first in shadow then in light .
tr	6	Painted flames and bright brass decorated his car , and his helmet bore a large silky plume .
tr	8	Both of those are possible , and any mistake on our parts and we 're lost .
tr	11	The sting of the Master Sword is a pain he will never shake from his subconscious .
tr	9	Jenny was convinced after seeing that .
tr	9	Because they resemble living things .
tr	8	" But consider giving the iPhone a break , " Sarah said .
tr	10	What happened to someone who died ?
tr	6	She only knew one person in the same time zone as her .
tr	8	There was an obvious question mark attached to his answer .
tr	9	Next morning we made plans to go to sea .
tr	11	I used to cut a dashing figure in my little uniform , I 'll have you know . "
tr	9	So you sit quietly and try to look intelligent ... Like budding scientists . "
tr	6	I was just an assignment to him .
tr	10	Beppe offered , unable to hold back a huge smile .
tr	8	Next to every line in his long list was a little bomb icon with a date and time stamp .
tr	5	And Paulo switched off the camping lamp .
tr	6	" Um ... sure , " said Ellen , with some hesitance in her voice .
tr	11	And I had to admit she was right .
tr	10	Despite his best efforts , Mike had been rolled into the fabric of the growing team .
tr	8	" Are you saying you can execute our programs in your brain ? "
tr	9	Satisfied this was not some strange wizard 's brew , he took a sip .
tr	8	They 're not with Finn against their will , understand me ? "
tr	8	The girls were all sitting on the floor now , almost completely dry .
tr	10	The professor nodded sternly , taking Chris 's shocked expression for the same bitter emotions he was feeling .
tr	10	What if you 'd decided not to show ? "
tr	7	Our evidence was limited all things considered .
tr	10	" That 's when we can all take some leave ... I don 't know for how long .
tr	8	Tork flung the radio to the ground .
tr	7	The prisoner has just finished Mass and confession .
tr	10	he cried to all who would listen .
tr	9	The inside could have been any other station in the city .
tr	8	" Melissa and Peter had been meeting at Bloody Mary 's for months . "
tr	5	" All righty , then , " I said and cut up the bananas .
tr	6	' It 's not really bad , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes . '
tr	8	His shadow was standing halfway to Elaina , sheathing his sword .
tr	8	Alarms sounded from the direction of the cockpit .
tr	7	Blood and bits of the old man 's bone still stain my hands .
tr	11	And I thought to myself that Helen is not in a good way with her mind .
tr	7	Sure , you must 've heard them . "
tr	9	The caster found it , cool as ice with those unnatural eyes , and the others pried the whole thing up .
tr	9	Zeal would see the news report outlining my criminal act and she would refuse to bond with me .
tr	8	" Grandpa says , ' Hi ' , " she said , " and he thanks you all for coming .
tr	10	I wonder when hair stops being so silky-smooth .
tr	6	His generous proposal included a new home , a job and a new life in California .
tr	8	If a band generates enough buzz through gigs , labels wake up and chase them for demos .
tr	10	Don 't look down , don 't look down , he repeated to himself .
tr	9	But she said no words as she listened to his life story .
tr	9	The sun would now be low in the west and Melody would be walking directly towards it .
tr	11	Are you going to give me any trouble ? "
tr	8	His eyes flash back on me , gray as flint and just as hard .
tr	6	Of course you already have your gigantic nose in this nonsense !
tr	8	The marines disappeared around the corner on their way to the front of the building .
tr	10	Simon had no awareness that Steve was only one metre behind him .
tr	7	" No underwear even ? "
tr	8	The horse felt like a powder keg of energy and force beneath her .
tr	8	Scott shot a quick glance toward the doorway and recognized the faint shape of a shadow .
tr	7	Single moms , single dads , ... " He brought himself to an abrupt stop .
tr	7	" The one you kept from the police at the teleport , " the woman gasped .
tr	9	It was unusual , but not unheard of when an agent was deep undercover .
tr	6	His eyes , behind large glasses , were watery but friendly .
tr	9	They won 't dare go in somebody else 's place . "
tr	7	Our battle was far from over .
tr	9	They both went back into the house and started to prepare breakfast .
tr	9	The mighty machine rumbled to life and pulled away heading towards the village .
tr	9	He popped his head over the top of the ridge , and waited for the vehicles .
tr	6	Slowly , a change came over him .
tr	8	He sat astride the machine deep in thought .
tr	6	I look forward to splitting hairs with big doggies ... their hairs , not mine .
tr	9	Able to get things done .
tr	6	It was almost noon time , the heat of the sun was grueling .
tr	5	One thread , a coppery coin , Two threads , a silvery coin , Three threads , a pillory joined .
tr	5	" A child never lies , " he answered simply .
tr	10	Another truck turned into the complex but this time I didn 't even bother stirring in my seat .
tr	6	' Welcome , half-breed , ' said Haus from somewhere in the darkness .
tr	6	" I got home fine , " said Colette merrily , and I felt all warm and fuzzy .
tr	9	nothing to worry about I 've already spoken to Kate . "
tr	11	They called to each other as they stirred delicious looking concoctions .
tr	6	" You say such things often , Kar , but you never offer any proof . "
tr	8	He raised an eyebrow as he leaned in .
tr	7	He pulled a long drag from it and then handed it to Wolf Eyes .
tr	7	A lone animal , broken away from the others , was standing there , quite still .
tr	8	Except there wouldn 't be a tomorrow .
tr	11	We will build sufficient prisons to ensure that happens .
tr	9	Yeah , it 's probably best if it 's just you .
tr	9	He felt himself flying through the air a considerable distance .
tr	8	We 'll get to the coast and find a ship .
tr	7	" Sir , I will do my duty sir , " he states .
tr	5	" Get out the way . "
tr	8	Scott Lyndon looked at the distant form of his sister .
tr	9	" The rest of ' em won 't fight on without the head of the snake .
tr	6	But don 't worry , you 'll be fine . "
tr	7	He dribbled water on the pale lips , forced part of a pellet past them .
tr	10	" Then you know I want you for my wife -- and you accept ? "
tr	5	Believe me , I know , " Melody said .
tr	7	Can 't say I ever saw the blessed part , though .
tr	9	He 'd tried to lure us out before .
tr	8	" Don 't tempt me , " said the smaller of the two in a female voice .
tr	7	" Going to hell around here , " said the voice of Billy , the chief .
tr	9	He even imagined a few children running around , enjoying the fruit of his labour .
tr	7	All hands brace for immediate passage , " Valerie 's voice sounds over the speakers .
tr	8	A thick bank of clouds hangs heavy in the sky , their faces gray and threatening .
tr	7	A part of me is fighting this , but her words are papery whispers .
tr	11	Bax said as he deposited Matthew on the back of the saddle .
tr	6	But on this voyage I had two cargoes ... " " And served two Kings ? "
tr	8	That 's all I need ! "
tr	9	Three times it rang out and three times a zombie 's head erupted in a splatter of gore .
tr	7	A few bricks shifted above us , bringing mutters from Gunner and glares for quiet from Ethan .
tr	9	Are you having fun with Auntie Claire ? "
tr	7	" Looks like it , " I said , walking forward .
tr	5	As a married woman , she was no longer her own person .
tr	11	" Yes , I 'm trying to connect to it and learn the protocols . "
tr	6	Mrs. Thompson 's hollow voice responded from the speaker .
tr	6	On her face is a huge dragon smile , her eyes bright and happy .
tr	10	He should have asked to accompany her .
tr	9	Jason leaps away and shields his daughter , wrapping his arms about her .
tr	10	I was internalizing the information I was reading .
tr	5	Well , not his hand exactly , his whole left arm .
tr	5	A fourth , and then a fifth explosion rattled The Aurora .
tr	7	We may hate each other , but others are not allowed the same luxury .
tr	7	" We was chasing Black Sam , " a soft voice said .
tr	9	Soon , wrapped in the thick furs of his bed , his breath crystallized into white fog .
tr	7	She lowered her head while her shoulders shook .
tr	6	She took a seat in his car without any reaction , without any resistance .
tr	7	Before I could mull further , Jacob spoke from his chair .
tr	8	As the taxi travelled through the city , Simon allowed himself to admire the amazing sites .
tr	8	To my astonishment , we 'd seen no pursuit as of yet .
tr	9	" You must have heard my son Edgar talking , " she finally nodded .
tr	9	Mariposa did not burden her with the knowledge of the grave danger beyond their den .
tr	9	Chase glanced back , unwinding the strips of cloth around his palm .
tr	10	They stood there for a moment , catching their breath , the Prince barely able to stand .
tr	10	Thomas popped in , coming back from taking a pee .
tr	6	Tomorrow couldn 't come fast enough .
tr	8	" Because Adele was given to me and not to him .
tr	7	" Then he sits back down at his desk and lifts up a folder and pulls out an envelope .
tr	11	Do you want to know ? "
tr	6	" Indian rascals , sir , " the man replied with a smile .
tr	5	" Hell yea , " A woman 's voice added her two cents worth .
tr	8	The place crawled with military men in black special ops outfits straddling automatic weapons .
tr	6	In this wilderness the night was as dark as a bottomless well .
tr	5	" Yes you can , " her dad told her firmly .
tr	9	The Prince flinched back , as if she 'd physically hit him .
tr	7	She shot Gunnar a smile , but it was a sad , weary smile .
tr	5	" For a burly blacksmith , he 's awfully sensitive . "
tr	7	' What - over Christmas ? '
tr	6	" That be the old password , " came the muffled reply .
tr	10	He led me down narrow paths overhung with tree branches and ferns , and with no one around , we jogged .
tr	7	I 'll take her into the forest . "
tr	10	Each team used their own judgment as to how far they should go .
tr	10	Also , I just try to be conservative with fuel .
tr	5	" Yeah , the window , " took up Matthew .
tr	9	You 've always said to follow our instincts .
tr	9	The sailors climbed back on board up the rope ladder and went off to get changed .
tr	10	The hoof 's glossy black beauty , as smoldering as a woman 's eye .
tr	6	I peeked over my right shoulder .
tr	9	We drove into the enormous parking lot and pulled into one of the spaces available .
tr	9	She had to keep moving .
tr	9	I tumble backwards , enfolded in night and shrill wind for a horrifying second before crashing into a branch below .
tr	10	In storage they could rotate 90 degrees to align with the fuselage .
tr	10	The rest of the books are Heart of an Assassin , Vanishing Point , and Twist of Fate .
tr	9	But you didn 't know that for sure , did you ?
tr	11	I look over to the table and realize it 's just the hum of a laptop .
tr	8	We followed Marie into a tiny sitting room off the kitchen .
tr	5	Sixty Meter Observatory Mauna Kea , Hawaii January 4th , 2026 " Evening , Mike . "
tr	6	Anyhow , one day , there was a terrible accident , and all his daughters died . "
tr	9	After finishing their breakfast , Chris stood and wiped the sand from his butt before wandering toward the seashore .
tr	9	That is why I came here with you . "
tr	11	None can forget the sharp jeweled cutlass he wore with such impertinence .
tr	10	We need to get air in here quickly .
tr	9	Andy was surprised at just how fast the Bentley was .
tr	9	Dresden exclaims suddenly as he peers into the chamber .
tr	10	You standing there , right where I tricked you to stand . "
tr	6	The market crash in America " , the slob mumbled between slurps of tea and mouthfuls of croissant .
tr	10	" All right then , " said Harold trying not to let the distress show on his face .
tr	10	The locals were provided instructions , then handed bandanas and other pieces of clothing that would hide their features and identities .
tr	11	There , she was shown a shower and given a dark business suit and matching shoes to wear .
tr	9	Anyhow , we 'll all get together our first evening back for one of my special Italian dinners .
tr	7	You help if you can .
tr	8	He spun and saw a limb falling from the canopy overhead .
tr	5	Now three days without sleep , Desmond was desperately tired .
tr	10	She was gibbering in the Stygian tongue , though in a dialect unfamiliar to her .
tr	7	It was not a human cry of triumph .
tr	8	I dug a hole with the machete and my hands , and then carefully placed in the femur .
tr	7	" He 's on a scholarship , " Simon explained .
tr	7	The back door opens , and Gabe eases down beside me .
tr	11	That sucks even worse than I thought it would ! "
tr	5	To his relief , the door rolled up again .
tr	8	" Thank you , Falcon , " Roberto replied , bowing respectfully , grabbing her arm .
tr	10	Frankly , he 'd been disappointed by both their reactions to the loss of the Lady Grace .
tr	10	These seemed to have some sort of fantasy about walking away from their situation .
tr	9	Or at least , the remembrance of another waited , for we couldn 't find his body .
tr	9	I never thought how difficult that could be -- " " No , it 's OK .
tr	7	This place was like an island ... ... .
tr	6	Finan turned back to the letters .
tr	6	" You know Simon , I was not always this old frail man .
tr	8	That had to be it .
tr	6	Josie finally shook her head and stood up .
tr	10	" You won 't have to wait for long . "
tr	6	All the rooms but one were filled this evening .
tr	9	Suzi wheeled herself next to VIN and they entered a totally different world .
tr	11	He grew excited and told me beg upon his behalf for your aid .
tr	7	Finally she slipped her black leather boots on and strapped her belt across her waist , checking her pouches and dagger .
tr	8	He fell silent , lost in thought .
tr	6	" Maggie , I never even knew my parents ' real name .
tr	5	And , of course , he now sported wings , too .
tr	10	We took turns fighting all day .
tr	9	Had I been a boy , he would have had use of me .
tr	7	With great self-control , she kept her mouth closed .
tr	7	" Well , anyway you know what I mean .
tr	8	" Carlos is in love with her . "
tr	7	Buildings and homes vied for space on the road , the sidewalks narrow and the architecture well crafted .
tr	7	Spyder stood in the bow , his grin more forced , his hands holding the bow line .
tr	9	" Daddy 's waiting for me at home now , so I 've really got to go . "
tr	10	He took a moment to gather his racing heart and pull out the revolver .
tr	11	William sat on the sofa and leaned back , wondering if this was a bad dream .
tr	7	Otherwise , the quest will be in our hands . "
tr	8	I might stop doing it .
tr	8	Before he knew it he was above water and quickly making his way over to the Captains ship .
tr	8	David could see the old man 's forehead furrow as he thought .
tr	11	And that 's all you want to know .
tr	10	You need to find that for yourself .
tr	10	" Still want to fight ? "
tr	5	Fifteen minutes later , I opened the safe door .
tr	6	His excitement was catching and I mentioned my schooling back home .
tr	10	Who would attempt to assassinate Gray ?
tr	9	Nothing had been altered a hair by her resistance , but she did not stop .
tr	6	The crew was on alert all the time .
tr	8	It was on the tip of my tongue .
tr	7	" Kill him , " she hears Mai command , somewhere in her vicinity .
tr	9	You 're as bad as -- " " As bad as you ?
tr	9	I watched perched up high on the radar antenna over the crowd of marauders .
tr	5	' OK you lot , kneel , ' she commanded .
tr	8	Hank said , brightening up , " I 'm taking my lady out for a night on the town . "
tr	9	His black eyes made her shiver and instantly Dane was between them .
tr	5	" The workout suit is an example .
tr	8	Ledbury is really too far away to service Hereford . "
tr	10	He 'd been a tall child who fought often .
tr	10	Hey you 'll love my yacht won 't she Katherine ? '
tr	10	They both liked mechanics and mathematics , although Simon was also a fast runner and a bruising rider .
tr	10	The resulting anger is nothing that can be controlled or stifled .
tr	9	Riesling felt it too , the screaming in his lungs for air .
tr	7	" Yes , I want to know .
tr	9	It wasn 't in his name , of course , but held by an offshore shell company .
tr	8	He bit at it , spitting the petals at her feet .
tr	5	His full white hair and muscular body proclaimed robust health .
tr	7	The door slamming behind Elaina startled him back into motion .
tr	11	He looked back at Rob who had stopped and had clamped his hand over his own mouth .
tr	7	This job came completely out of the blue , but I couldn 't turn it down . "
tr	10	Others around the table began to look suspiciously in Ward 's direction .
tr	9	" I think that in a week or so , VIN , we throw out those plastic legs .
tr	10	Did she ever appreciate you enough ? "
tr	5	In the end , it was a simple calculation .
tr	11	" Are you sure it 's the best for anonymity ? "
tr	8	" If you 're sure it 's no trouble , " she said .
tr	8	' No she 'd have ripped it up or , more likely kept it but scribbled out the details .
tr	10	I started salivating watching him undress .
tr	7	The whole tent reeked of blood and burnt flesh though .
tr	10	She was the one to blame for it .
tr	10	" You 're the one supposed to find them .
tr	11	Eda groaned , snuggling her head further down in to the warmth of her cloak .
tr	10	" You know , some people wring out their clothes after they do laundry . "
tr	11	Do you think Mom heard ? "
tr	6	' It 's a friendly warning , ' I said evenly .
tr	9	We were tired of hearing it .
tr	7	Before the dust cleared a bright orange light descended from the surface down towards me .
tr	8	Sylvia bit off the rattles at the same time with her sharp incisors , cutting through the muscle and tailbone .
tr	10	All he wanted to do was rest .
tr	10	" I wonder what became of them , " he added softly .
tr	9	Sye had refused to contemplate it .
tr	11	" Fair enough , Frank , I 'll come right to it . "
tr	11	The booths were full of people working on computers and other electronic equipment .
tr	8	It had been a long day , and now , almost midnight , we lay about chatting .
tr	8	Or is that a legacy of this generation of indulged children ?
tr	10	It 's to be expected with the brain trauma . "
tr	7	In the emergency room , they wheeled me into a little cubicle with my mother and sister hovering nearby .
tr	5	Finally , the lowest point is the peasantry .
tr	10	She was laughing at something funny he 'd just said .
tr	9	" They must stop and have some respite too , Adele .
tr	9	He is still my son , and I am always with him no matter what .
tr	10	We could 've stopped to untie 'em !
tr	6	" Wait up , sport , " he said .
tr	11	I don 't think you 've been riding her enough though .
tr	11	" It allows them to hold off death for as long as the blood is viable .
tr	8	Aria turns about and steps forward , moving on him angrily .
tr	11	It did not take long to get to the clearing where the man laid .
tr	10	Her father had taught her the skill of the pistol and the sword .
tr	9	Just down the Cape , off the coast of Wellfleet , lay the remains of a British warship called the Somerset .
tr	7	The two men looked at each other over her head , " Whatever happens , " Drew said and Dane nodded .
tr	11	He knew she had to come out here somewhere .
tr	8	5 out of 5 stars " Wonderful , engaging story " " Wonderful , engaging story by a talented writer .
tr	10	Of course you will need to fight against my friend here .
tr	11	" You will have to be very strong for your parents . "
tr	6	It hindered her breathing and for every time her heart pounded , more blood gushed .
tr	7	At the battle at the fortress , the Cossacks suffered very heavy losses .
tr	11	You 're going to be serious with me .
tr	8	I am crouched over Ryan , gripping his shirt .
tr	11	Remember those mercenaries I told you about ? "
tr	8	It was like the painted scenes of the French Revolution .
tr	8	Tim printed out the maps and a few other pages the boys thought Andy may need .
tr	5	At the doorway , the man turned .
tr	6	" Of course I remembered my digital camera but not my freaking umbrella ! "
tr	6	" Why , because if I don 't you 'll break all my ceramics ? "
tr	8	Jimmy panicked at the mention of a telepath .
tr	7	The sound echoed through the room , but Mana seemed entirely at her ease .
tr	10	Ted pulled himself together as best he could , jumped up and headed for the fire escape .
tr	8	I heard Nelly tell Cook earlier .
tr	8	He peered into her face for a moment , turning her chin from side to side .
tr	6	She crouched and entered it .
tr	10	Jake was the stereotypical dime store hood that many people assume all skaters to be .
tr	7	Sorry , Mario , but our princess is in another castle !
tr	9	Maybe a metal can lashed to a piece of broom handle ?
tr	6	" My mariachi suit was a loaner , and el Senor Trumpet had a wedding gig .
tr	8	" She 's on the other side of the door .
tr	11	Folks know I 'm getting all kinds of trouble .
tr	10	The two stood there silently a while , polishing off the rest of the food and drink .
tr	9	She want to push him away but she laid stoned in silence .
tr	8	" Although I dare say her needle work is above reproach ! "
tr	8	The clip was spent and the shooter hit only one of the cans .
tr	6	" Marley , Woody , go and find her , " said Bluebeard , irritated .
tr	10	" So , since you 've failed your first attempt , what happens now ? "
tr	10	She started to pull up the covers and lie down again , but she heard a small sound from below .
tr	8	The first is to touch my books .
tr	6	In the next moment , Kali was only inches away from the masquerading object .
tr	10	She didn 't want to feel sympathy for this man .
tr	10	They had no choice but to press on down the tunnel .
tr	10	That means that he must keep his lords ' happy .
tr	9	" So I do not precisely understand how you know this ' Randolph ' . "
tr	6	" It 's a research project Dr. Eva and I are conducting . "
tr	10	She didn 't have to say anything to me .
tr	9	Lisa also notes that his metal skin has once again been repaired .
tr	9	The big man had been there for most of the day .
tr	6	" I 'm a believer , " said 007 .
tr	10	" Do you see colors around anybody else ? "
tr	11	I wanted to see what you could do . "
tr	8	" Have you spoken to Jennie recently ? "
tr	8	Everyone seemed to do their parts .
tr	10	He climbed onto the seat and drew the curtains closed behind him .
tr	9	Cold and lifeless , she lay in front of him , and he thought his life was over .
tr	6	A deep breath and a nod later , the boy dives head first toward the crimson sand below .
tr	8	An echo of footsteps behind us also stopped .
tr	6	The attire was fashionably drab and suitable for the hunt .
tr	9	They had no idea who they were holding .
tr	11	" Aren 't you going to come to the top ?
tr	9	" Usually when people say ' walk with me ' they want to talk . "
tr	9	" Just calm down now , George , there 's no point in getting upset . "
tr	10	He wanted to reach out and hold her but didn 't dare .
tr	11	I was only surprised at what Eva ever saw in him .
tr	9	Ben and John were looking out toward the water in disbelief .
tr	7	' I 'm betting on it . '
tr	10	She was just standing in the middle of the sidewalk , presumably waiting for him .
tr	10	It filled the night sky with the sweet -- okay , the smoky -- scent of revenge .
tr	9	That day Eden shielded his sensitive eyes from the setting sun as he crawled out of the wreckage .
tr	9	I have noted all the cameras in blue and the liquidators in red . "
tr	9	What 's the story that people are telling ? "
tr	6	Just like witches and any other being , druids are not all good or all evil .
tr	8	A scar carved a jagged path from the corner of his right ear all the way down to his mouth .
tr	6	" At least it 's not the cops , " Mike shrugged .
tr	9	" You 're up early , " he noted as he went to the coffee pot .
tr	6	She flew out three days ago via Kuala Lumpur .
tr	8	Together with our kin we will push back the cloud of calamity .
tr	7	" It is of little consequence now , " he sighs , dismissing the thought .
tr	11	I thought he was my dream come true .
tr	9	I was looking forward to seeing you too . "
tr	6	What an odd , dreamlike notion , and on this , of all days .
tr	10	Claire became aware of every inch of her skin , every sound around her .
tr	9	I 've got you booked for the Grand Ceremony at The Coliseum !
tr	9	To this day , he is still considered one of the most famous sword masters in Japanese history .
tr	7	A few boys were walking around , but none of them came and sat near the first shop .
tr	9	She took a step forward , and Rylan jerked his sword free with grim promise .
tr	6	For some reason the characters on the page seemed dislocated and empty , devoid of all meaning .
tr	7	His fingers raked through his hair , he gave me a quick smile and then he ran into the house .
tr	8	She climbed five feet up the trunk of the Ficus bush , selected a very leafy branch and settled into eating .
tr	6	But something else caught his attention at the moment .
tr	11	With some difficulty , Chris stopped himself from shrugging before remembering something .
tr	6	She set the tray down on the coffee table .
tr	7	But -- what if that 's what they want us to think ? "
tr	6	By the time the sun went down , they were all exhausted and blue with the cold .
tr	6	Robbie , leave the Bren here bring the M16 .
tr	8	Neil stood up and pointed one finger in her face .
tr	9	Suddenly anxious , Alex croaked , " What if we get scrambled or something ? "
tr	10	I was sure she didn 't need much convincing .
tr	11	I 'm pretty sure I winged at least one of the first bunch . "
tr	10	Whatever it is , it doesn 't look like there 'll be a Starbucks .
tr	6	Even skinnier than he is now .
tr	7	As he reached the string , his foot stepped over it followed by his other .
tr	10	" We 're evacuating , and it looks like the Prince of Oxen is on his way . "
tr	8	That woman used to bully me . '
tr	8	' That could bring the whole place down on our heads , ' he said skeptically .
tr	10	I 'm going to the park to look for the cat . '
tr	7	" Oh , aye , ye 're sick , but it 's nothing tae dae wi ' me . "
tr	8	She wore the biggest smile with the whitest teeth and the bluest eyes , Lex had ever seen .
tr	9	As he wandered the ground beneath him became wet and marshy , and the air grew saltier .
tr	6	Seconds later , the pair made their way up towards the house .
tr	6	" William 's there too , I presume . "
tr	9	The girl began to squirm feebly against Alejo .
tr	10	" I got ta pee before we go to the tenth , " said George .
tr	7	" Do you remember ... ... ... ... . . ? "
tr	9	He reached out , taking the meat from off the fire .
tr	5	' No , not a cure , as such .
tr	8	Sometimes people actually showed up in their frontcourt asking for food or news .
tr	7	Well , they 're defiantly after us , I thought to myself .
tr	8	The ' 65 Mustang was out of the question , as was the Dodge Viper .
tr	7	What if he ever found out ?
tr	7	Inside the car the old man had taken off his hat and was pulling off his gloves .
tr	8	In the end , we secured the injured men to our harnesses and pulled them slowly up the ladder behind us .
tr	8	But no such noise came , and he made it across the room and through the large glass doors without incident .
tr	9	Skull started to draw near her .
tr	5	The north and south herds are both too far away . "
tr	8	As usual , Ryan was in the C-5 cockpit for the flight .
tr	11	The event seemed to have wrenched him from his drunkenness ; in fact , it seemed to have sobered almost everyone .
tr	10	' Err yes ' I replied , wondering where this conversation was going .
tr	8	The upper tiers of the buildings on either side crowded over the dark alley , adding to the claustrophobic feel .
tr	8	You lied to all of us .
tr	5	" All right , maybe the touching thing is a bad idea . "
tr	7	Pulling in through the wrought iron gates the house came into sight .
tr	7	She put her prize back in her locker and sped outside .
tr	9	She rested beside Hailey until Hailey awoke in the afternoon .
tr	5	" My God , Elizabeth , " said Sir Reginald .
tr	6	No indulging until proven innocent . "
tr	7	" Alright , " Gabe says softly , surprised like me .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , it is , " snapped Charlotte back .
tr	11	Duke used the Naughty and Nice List to ... to send me a present . "
tr	5	Does anyone have a wireless cell phone ? '
tr	8	He said handing it to a bewildered Elaina .
tr	7	" Bored out of my tree , " said David .
tr	10	I stared at my grandfather and asked the one that troubled me the most .
tr	10	So when the teenage girl was brought onto the platform , naked and shivering , the Prince did feel shock .
tr	8	He had stirred at some point during the night , and his arm was no longer covered by the cloak .
tr	11	I think it would be worth catching up .
tr	8	Especially now that he was forming a plan .
tr	9	For all its attractiveness , it required strength to wear something so heavy .
tr	11	Bound to be some of them ; that could be fun .
tr	8	With this simple gesture they were considered married , and they lived happily in the winter house .
tr	8	We exited the house and strolled along the gravel pathway towards the waiting carriages and the countryside beyond .
tr	8	" The Oasis Shaykh was a revered saint who -- " " He was the degenerate founder of a degenerate school !
tr	9	I 've ... I 've helped him catch others .
tr	6	" Honestly , I 'm tone deaf , " she said .
tr	8	" I never said ... " " No , you do not leave such important matters to mere words . "
tr	10	" I don 't have to tell you why .
tr	7	" Very funny , " Lilly Ann laughed reluctantly , " This is not helping either . "
tr	10	You couldn 't get anywhere near the place without him knowing about it .
tr	9	He said , " Is there a place safe for talking ? "
tr	9	They didn 't need directions because they walked these halls almost daily .
tr	6	The agitation of the leaves made the monster restless .
tr	10	" What do you mean by don 't remember much ? "
tr	5	" Oh , well , " she responded , caught a little off-guard .
tr	10	He paused for breath , his eyes dancing about the room .
tr	9	I had two choices ; I either followed the Minister to places unknown or endeavoured to leave the region unaccompanied .
tr	8	Most of the crew had not yet made it back and the few that had were still stinking drunk .
tr	5	Here at the rear the same slight curve change was slightly more prominent .
tr	7	The big man , face white and eyes wide , nodded his head the barest fraction , and the Elder continued .
tr	7	But I could not talk to her .
tr	9	He would never forgive who did that horrendous thing .
tr	7	Today was a really bad day , and the words revealed its puzzle all too slowly .
tr	10	In all likelihood , we won 't have three fleets lifted and assembled for another three and a half years . "
tr	9	I am the one who feels the pain . "
tr	8	" Tie one shoelace about three inches away from her , and the other , two inches away . "
tr	9	Want to see something nice ?
tr	7	The captain stopped walking and stared straight at Chris .
tr	5	" Hey , we acknowledge and respect the claim , oh great leader .
tr	9	We are just her tools to achieve some result .
tr	8	" I 'd have guessed about that age too .
tr	5	" Very clever Odin , the answer is right there young ones .
tr	10	" I know you work for Jolie and you 're keeping secrets .
tr	11	He took a bite of cookie then a sip of milk as his gaze continued to wander lazily .
tr	11	Destro felt bones break as he stifled a cry .
tr	11	It would do no good to only bottle up one end !
tr	6	" Stay out of it , " Jazz said , brisk and succinct , to Borden .
tr	5	Inside the stone tomb , Isis ' silver eyes turned white .
tr	7	In the canoes were Creek warriors with their faces painted -- ready for battle .
tr	7	She picked up her handbag , grabbed the box with the candle and oil , and headed to her car .
tr	9	The enemy had proven to be willing but poorly trained .
tr	11	Well if I 've managed to irritate Robert I must be doing something right .
tr	9	Do not forget that he hits you !
tr	6	Rudolf had stood and was apologizing .
tr	7	" Well , you can ask Lilly again this time , " Lilly Ann said with a curious undertone .
tr	11	His legs were cut off just below the knees , his stumps somehow healed and not bleeding .
tr	11	" You don 't need my help to kill Reggie Phillips , " said Walter .
tr	8	" I really appreciate everything you all are doing .
tr	8	The girl 's mother finally turned toward him to appease her daughter .
tr	7	Then she broke away and looked Rudolph right in the eye .
tr	10	It grows larger and larger , huge like the height of a century-old tree .
tr	9	He shook his head and stared out the window as a rival line 's ship sailed out into the Atlantic .
tr	9	The child gradually recovered but his Spirit had been affected .
tr	7	" Word will go out soon and we 'll be followed .
tr	9	" I 'll have to go and buy some clothes .
tr	5	Crack , crack , crack , crack , crack , reported the rifle .
tr	8	Ok , I had my time of humiliation , now your turn . "
tr	7	" And as a signatory to that agreement , I did not see a two-thirds vote just now .
tr	10	Look we are already getting near to his house . "
tr	9	So , that was what the man asked on him on her vision .
tr	8	Bradley let her do it .
tr	8	She had a heavy bag in each hand and another even bigger one over her shoulder .
tr	8	She leaned in and whispered in Mickey 's ear .
tr	8	While she stood watching , most of the group clambered up the slippery yellow dune and threw themselves down again .
tr	5	During all this time however , Reggio maintained its Greek customs and language .
tr	8	She peered at Noah over the top of her maroon glasses , still grinning .
tr	7	He got closer to me and kissed my lips , hugging my thin body .
tr	7	And so Rafe found himself once more inside Adele 's tent .
tr	9	He needed a moment to think this through .
tr	6	Why drive all the way down here from Yorkshire ? '
tr	9	She didn 't want to be Miss Marple anymore .
tr	7	We really won 't try anything funny . "
tr	7	They kissed and then sat in silence a moment .
tr	5	In its forehead an angry third eye burns red .
tr	7	The bullets went wide , and the horse was upon me once more .
tr	10	" This is getting old , " Navi grumbles , unsure how to outwit their overpowered opponent .
tr	7	Now , he stroked her with his right hand and sensed her hair beneath his fingers .
tr	6	" First , almost all of our large cities are already ghost towns .
tr	9	Bethan came to stand next to Claire .
tr	5	But , sure enough , there it stood in all its white horse glory .
tr	8	But his teachers even learned to understand his foibles .
tr	7	The entire structure had a deserted air about it .
tr	10	Be glad we were on land .
tr	10	" I think I know her from somewhere , " Daniel said .
tr	9	However , what awaited his shift in strategy was silence and shadow .
tr	6	For the first time the other lady spoke , her voice impatient .
tr	8	The gate guards took his rifle and eyed him suspiciously , but they let him pass .
tr	8	She walked around the desk and placed a hand on her grandfather 's arm .
tr	6	And now the moon , full or not , causes your nocturnal affliction or your bizarre dreams .
tr	9	Jeff said pulling Karen outside the kitchen door .
tr	5	And , at the same exact time , it scared her senseless .
tr	11	I will bury your body so deep in the ground that no one will ever dig you up .
tr	8	A voice yelled , making me freeze .
tr	7	Finn said , raising his voice .
tr	7	Surely , we would soon learn our assailants ' identities .
tr	8	So I slip out the window , glad for the cold air .
tr	9	He rose and disappeared through a door at the end of the room .
tr	9	" Tea is ready in the drawing room , madam , " Furnace replied .
tr	11	The rolling wheat was gray , and all color was a pale shadow of what it once had been .
tr	7	Miriam shrugged and turned back to the window .
tr	8	When I move my stuff down here , it 's yours , " Abby told her .
tr	5	But the general ... apologies , the Emperor , surprised me . "
tr	5	All existence , and its power -- its pure , unstoppable , unquenchable power .
tr	9	He said he was feeling better .
tr	7	Although they followed a winding path they made good time .
tr	8	One of its wings had been injured and was hanging uselessly by its bony yellow leg .
tr	8	I paused in the act of loading firearms and magazines into the second bag .
tr	5	" This isn 't funny ! "
tr	6	All of this , just a hop , skip and a jump from Burlington .
tr	7	Lilly Ann threw her arm in the air and did a little celebration dance .
tr	8	Sofia gazed at her and gestured something , pointing to the golden vault .
tr	6	The carriage with the mechanic four reindeer lifts then hovers over the snow .
tr	7	I 'd need more like six months .
tr	10	Both of us got wounded in the first day of the battle and were in hospital together .
tr	9	" Yes , but if it doesn 't would you do me a favor ? "
tr	9	' If he 's going then so am I , ' said Reid .
tr	9	Get The Follow-Up Novella To FALLING For FREE Maya 's adventures and tribulations are just beginning !
tr	8	Let them , " he starts , not entirely sure where he is going .
tr	10	You 'll have to find accommodation for the night . "
tr	7	You stay closed for now .
tr	10	" Ok , but promise me that you will tell no one .
tr	7	" Holy crap , the world 's coming to an end .
tr	9	It was clear he wanted something .
tr	8	After a couple of hours they stopped to stretch their legs .
tr	5	The feeling he lost so very long ago .
tr	9	Taylor joined her laughter and slowly followed her at a pace more consistent with the current state of his body .
tr	7	" It is only polite to our guest . "
tr	10	" Were you flown here from Italy just for me ? "
tr	10	" I 'm going to William 's study , at least some of him is there , " Toby shouted .
tr	11	The admiral is given stiff salutes from everyone who notices him .
tr	10	Sensing his trembling heart , he shouted , " I will slay every demon and ghoul in this forest .
tr	9	Dane regained his composure first , " We have to release that tourniquet . "
tr	6	And in return he demanded Kayla as his wife .
tr	10	By this point , our conversation had grown heated , and others were beginning to pay attention .
tr	6	Chunks of concrete rained down around me from the collapsing wall .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " all of the Exiles responded .
tr	11	Cheating to lose -- to make a child smile -- that 's normal , right ?
tr	10	He smiled and looked at the other two , " funny little man he is . "
tr	9	The bear tried to pull the vine down , but it was too strong .
tr	10	William felt his knees go weak , his vision going dark .
tr	11	They vary from tribe to tribe , clan to clan and family to family . "
tr	8	The kid exclaims , holding out his arms in an unbelieving pose .
tr	8	" You should buy better alcohol for your friends , " said William .
tr	9	" Now , they think it might be sexual .
tr	8	Something to keep us warm .
tr	7	Alejo was on the ground seemingly before the shot even roared .
tr	6	" I " ve got my own , " said Vimes , pulling out a battered packet .
tr	10	The people does not know who they were battling with .
tr	7	" We must burn it , " Harald said .
tr	9	" You kids need to go home , " Sylvia said .
tr	11	Tori slowly backed off until she got to the edge of the cliff .
tr	5	" Shut up , Hennessy , " Riordan said .
tr	9	" The drug warlord , unable to find Stuart , decided that he would visit Stefano .
tr	8	He ignored Anna 's scowl and nonchalantly blew out a couple of smoke rings .
tr	6	" I mean , you can 't stay in the ... here .
tr	7	Reaching into his pocket , he placed the coin on the counter .
tr	9	The Bastian Hunter nodded and leaned heavily against the wall , sweat and blood streaming down his pale face .
tr	9	The children quickly scatter throughout the town , discussing the deal and staking their claim on particular chores .
tr	5	In the corner were a small waterfall and a tea service .
tr	6	" Charles , dear , " she said , " tell me about your cousin Daisy .
tr	10	Claw sighed and replied , " I might have misplaced the book . "
tr	10	It was this conundrum we didn 't have an answer for .
tr	8	His tired grip lets go for the last time , and it is the final push toward her uncontrollable tears .
tr	8	The man looked at the ' X ' a bit confused .
tr	11	" I wonder if I 'll ever remember what happened . "
tr	8	Adele slowly got to her knees and crawled out from beneath the outcrop .
tr	8	" You know how to cook ? "
tr	8	Logan and I shrugged , and Jacob rapped the side of the carriage , signaling our chauffeur .
tr	6	' Unfortunately , violence likes you , ' said Reid doggedly .
tr	10	So Rupert wants me to work with him and become a luke .
tr	6	Laying its ears back , the animal took off after the stallion .
tr	8	My best frame of reference will only be groups moving to and fro .
tr	10	He looked at Amy and smiled before returning to the stage .
tr	9	Watching his daughter over on the settee , he could see raw emotions running over the youthful face .
tr	8	Cade smiled in spite of himself .
tr	6	" Fuck , this is bad ... this is very bad . "
tr	7	After a time , Jenny swam over to the ladder and climbed up on the dock .
tr	5	" Who is it ? "
tr	8	Agent 5D also qualified as a marksman during his service in the British Army cadets .
tr	8	I had never been inside a church before , but now was not the time for a tour .
tr	10	Connor antagonized the crowd to cheer louder for Billy .
tr	11	I think we can still win that without you , and put you in both .
tr	11	" What do you think I 've been doing this whole time ? "
tr	5	" No , but then she isn 't the worst one here . "
tr	8	The voice seemed familiar ... Ben looked around and didn 't see anyone .
tr	7	" Yes , to be perfectly frank , I did .
tr	5	" A big red and white car . "
tr	7	" What sort of skill ? "
tr	6	' Well , no , not too soon , but definitely within the next century or so . '
tr	8	When he turned his head on the pillow , the lady in the white uniform appeared again .
tr	9	" You are the ally the Dog People have needed .
tr	9	Seated in the many raised seats are many invited officers and crew .
tr	9	A button would have some kind of rim or space to move in . "
tr	7	In the middle of our third game , Frankie jerked straight and cocked his head .
tr	8	Chase turned to her and said , " Your soup was poisoned . "
tr	9	" First , as you now know , you choose a destination -- or time -- which you have done .
tr	8	The three men picked up the pace , practically jogging down the stairs , coming out just beside the library .
tr	9	" But why did you have to go fishing so early ? "
tr	5	In one glance he saw a lovely , sunburned face and beautiful hair .
tr	9	Over the rest of the flight , Beppe explained to Nicola the events that preceded their meeting that afternoon .
tr	9	Still , the truth would have to be faced .
tr	5	' Yes , but I didn 't , ' said the woman .
tr	5	" No , I can 't , but your promise should . "
tr	9	He turned as Beth approached spilling words like a gill after heavy rainfall .
tr	9	Her guards would know what that meant , and they would come running .
tr	7	" Sometimes I forget how weird this all is . "
tr	7	It was the diamond crest of the Faith .
tr	7	It is only the power of the crystal that you see .
tr	8	But as they stepped towards her , Barbara 's smile broke , her chin quivered and tears tumbled .
tr	9	He made no response and chose to be silent .
tr	6	After a moment , Amara arched an eyebrow , and said , " Privately ? "
tr	10	" I was kidnapped when I got into a taxi at the airport . "
tr	6	Caf Amara , vestiges of another dimension .
tr	6	' My apologies , my fair lady , ' he said with a bow .
tr	7	He was leading the sheep by a rope .
tr	10	The events of the night had been crowded into a comparatively short space of time .
tr	7	Then he noticed her expression , stood and came over to her .
tr	7	' We mustn 't let them leave ! '
tr	8	Humpty smiled at Ghost and said , " Got ta love those supporting arms ! "
tr	6	" Okay , so he hires ... " " Land Surveyors Incorporated . "
tr	8	Her love for the land and its people was evident when she showed him the estate .
tr	10	And he did want to bite .
tr	10	Then a night time of screaming , as Sky 's daytime fears transformed into night-time terrors .
tr	5	" My being alone was so very important ? "
tr	10	' Lucas was just showing me how to use a gun . '
tr	8	Ted clamped down on Joe 's face and locked his jaw .
tr	9	" The Empress asked me to respond to your demands personally . "
tr	11	We will insure that you are safe during the tournament . "
tr	9	Why had he thought the child would return ?
tr	9	" You gon na go after him ? '
tr	10	Every shadow seemed to be watching them , hunters in the night .
tr	8	Melody began climbing after him .
tr	10	We 've already got squatters and other people making their way into the park and we have no control over them .
tr	9	They said that they 'd be here .
tr	10	We could only guess what Chase must be feeling .
tr	7	She immediately stopped the game and forcibly dragged her children from the playground .
tr	8	Jimmy hugged the leg as tight as he could , ducking his head .
tr	9	When I was done with the kitchen , I went into the dining room .
tr	9	Who was he to waltz into my kitchen at this time in the morning ?
tr	9	And all that I 'm asking you Damian is to not destroy our friendship . "
tr	8	I paid 15 euros to the driver and I was heading to the booking office .
tr	6	Fried ripe tomatoes , fried green tomatoes , fried eggplant , fried okra , fried squash , fried anything and everything .
tr	10	Dagger accelerates , intent on performing the " Cutting Edge " maneuver .
tr	10	Sylvia wondered if was because she never smiled .
tr	10	He looked out ; it seemed a distance that covered forever .
tr	10	The road finally began drifting downwards through the curtain of fog .
tr	9	Can 't think of any right at the moment . "
tr	7	Let 's discuss it . "
tr	6	Compared to them , the harsh stare of the white haired stranger was almost welcome .
tr	6	" I have no idea , " she yelled back from the living room .
tr	9	Make sure you do too .
tr	10	I don 't want to think about it anymore .
tr	8	Starting yesterday morning , it began rising a full degree an hour .
tr	11	This vehicle looked as though it had been modernized just for this one load .
tr	6	From the blue eyes , to the dark hair , to the skin that turned bronze beneath the sun .
tr	11	Matthew asked , even as he did as Bax had instructed .
tr	7	He scuffs the dusty ground with his sandal and speaks to me in a worried stutter .
tr	9	There was what was legal , and then there was what was necessary .
tr	10	His tables were turned over and wrecked , chairs splintered , cupboards torn from the walls littering the floor .
tr	10	They moved north , as best they could tell , veering ever so slightly to their right .
tr	6	They saw the console layout and actually signed each one . "
tr	7	Logan and Jacob looked as bad as I did .
tr	7	You were born forty years later , in fifteen sixty , in Prague .
tr	8	The fire of fighting still burned brightly in his soul .
tr	9	Henri even stooped to pet his kitten one last time before the sergeant dragged him away by the arm .
tr	9	Although I did have a bit more wine today than I would normally . "
tr	11	Guidance to pick what they would be .
tr	9	For the first time Jonesy and VIN realized why there was so much equipment .
tr	8	" Guards , " he nods knowingly as if he only just now remembered them .
tr	5	" Yes , dear boy , it is , " said Felix .
tr	7	After a moment of hesitation , Neil continued the climb .
tr	9	Since they had tails , it had probably been just a matter of time before the name came up .
tr	5	The night before the sixth-grade Valentine party , her mother shot her father .
tr	8	They had discovered this entrance the first week of the summer .
tr	10	Callum turned to see his employer , Lance , and looked down at the sandwich in his hand , nodding .
tr	10	It is dangerous to see the future ; I found that out the hard way .
tr	9	I need you to keep your wits about you . "
tr	6	The Angel took the ring , the pearl opened and the little crowned Princess appeared .
tr	7	' I will not -- ' ' Lucas is right , ' Victor interrupted sharply .
tr	9	" I 'm going into grade five and Lex is going into grade eight , " offered Ricky .
tr	7	What would happen would happen .
tr	7	" Do not ignore me you young fool , I 'm warning you ! "
tr	8	was the answer she received .
tr	9	I feel foul even as I steel myself with the old words .
tr	7	' That 's very altruistic and admirable , but still kinda dumb , ' he eventually muttered .
tr	8	I just about lost my breath when he said that .
tr	9	The coldness was in her mind , telling her she owed them nothing , owed Church her promise .
tr	9	They paused , both letting the statement sink in .
tr	8	The young braves like Loot and Fire Cub , he sent to one end of the field .
tr	10	Likely they had been waiting for the army to move out .
tr	5	" Run , my sly young fox , run ! "
tr	9	Bron nodded and ran into the mist , his figure disappearing almost instantly .
tr	10	Our discussion on this same topic had led to the duel with Otto Fuchs and our flight across the continent .
tr	6	With his free hand , he dabbed his fingers in the bloody patch on my arm .
tr	9	What remained of the desiccated skin on their skulls appeared to have been tattooed .
tr	9	" What could be the significance of 1755 ? "
tr	9	I had wondered briefly that morning which side he belonged to .
tr	9	No not rocks , stones , all about the same size and color .
tr	7	" Good luck and stay safe , " I said , and after a quick hug , she left .
tr	7	The orchestra was indeed launching into another tune .
tr	6	" Bye Tori , " Daniel said and ran to the tent .
tr	5	" Oh , you two and your impetuous curiosity ! "
tr	9	Stand for what is right .
tr	10	For my whole blasted life , I lived in the Shaded Oaks and watched others cater to my whims .
tr	11	" In that case , please accept these flowers as an apology for making you blush ! "
tr	9	Though he turned it only slightly , Chris was surprised to see the huge rudder move .
tr	7	I don 't have it and father certainly won 't help me out .
tr	10	They moved Red Talon to the summer shed , a roof supported on posts , with no sides .
tr	8	McCutcheon frowned at his NCO for a few seconds before his features showed a sudden understanding .
tr	8	There were gray , boring fishing ships hauling in silver slimy money .
tr	8	Peasants were struck down in the streets and government officials were robbed .
tr	9	Jim and Herb were running the ship ; Vella along with his vision of empire was unceremoniously dumped over the side .
tr	7	He smiled and leveled an index finger at himself .
tr	8	Who cared what Jason thought ?
tr	10	Kaylie then lumbered over and asked what was going on .
tr	6	" I 'm pretty scared right now , Sir Marcus , " she said .
tr	7	The line is counted only properly in the north .
tr	10	And I wouldn 't say this is entirely against his will . "
tr	11	It took even longer this time for her to know if she liked the sensation .
tr	10	" You will become a good psychologist " I joked , thankful that she was laughing .
tr	7	I 'll write them a letter .
tr	6	They threw hay at each other and squealed without a care .
tr	11	" Do you want to follow me ? "
tr	9	I 've been waiting , staying alive , for you . "
tr	9	Try to talk to you .
tr	6	" Where are the pools and the mirrors ? "
tr	6	' You and me , ' she suggested , her eyes cool and steady .
tr	7	No one was looking around , and the hue and cry certainly hadn 't been raised .
tr	11	Black Scorpion lit other torches that were mounted to the walls .
tr	7	As the jukebox faded Raphael made for his drums and started the intro tape .
tr	8	Perhaps , if she left the room now and did her other tasks , someone else would get the blame .
tr	10	She rode over to visit with Fiona at least once a week and often more .
tr	9	No need to worry about that .
tr	7	They all saw the same great stain on the desert and slid to a stop beside their friend .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry ; what did you just ask ? "
tr	10	I know I said I would .
tr	10	He clamped a hand across the fresh bullet wound on his thigh and kept running .
tr	7	" Hold that torch over here , will you ? "
tr	8	" I have critical information for you , " she reveals , focusing on Zelda .
tr	6	Nor did I , or anyone else , wish a Scarborough on the High Throne .
tr	11	" Do you think this is real ? "
tr	9	No smoke from the chimney and it was certainly cold enough to warrant a fire .
tr	8	Then his mind caved in under the unearthly horror and stress and he fainted clean away .
tr	8	He was the one always telling her she should get out more .
tr	10	In addition to the walks and chats , we took advantage of other benefits of our hideaway , namely the fencing .
tr	7	The shapeshifter 's heart was torn free .
tr	7	At the door I lit the tampon wick of my first petrol bomb .
tr	8	Henrik touched Gunnar 's head with the flat of his spearhead .
tr	8	" You should get a kick out of this one , " he smiles , lifting his eyebrows with excitement .
tr	7	It was her voice , it was her words , but it wasn 't her intent .
tr	6	Almost a week with these guys and nothing but arguments .
tr	8	She indicated each in turn and then looked down at Sky .
tr	7	" Don 't worry Tony , I 'm calling from a call box . "
tr	9	Now I got ta go back out there .
tr	10	Turning my chair around to face our cottage 's door , my breath caught in my startled throat as well .
tr	10	' But it 's not complimenting the wonderful physique God gave you . '
tr	6	Now Lilly Ann was getting excited .
tr	7	Within a week a scandal broke concerning a right wing politician and new cabinet member .
tr	7	" Reset beach motif with sand , ocean , trees , one beach umbrella , and one beach lounge chair . "
tr	6	That 's my dad , Kay ! "
tr	9	Do you believe him ? "
tr	8	I doubt it , Claire thought privately , but merely said , " I 'll try . "
tr	7	" If they 're even there , " he repeated .
tr	7	" You don 't look too concerned , " Andy said to Stephens .
tr	7	He normally carried the magnum in a shoulder holster , his last backup firearm .
tr	11	Sarah appreciated his question but knew there was more to it .
tr	6	He admitted after a few minutes .
tr	8	She killed two people almost effortlessly and she might be coming here . "
tr	8	I pounce onto another branch then clutch one above and swing myself easily around and up onto my feet .
tr	11	He had procrastinated , as he had for three years previously , for as long as was possible .
tr	11	Her fingers curled tightly around the neck , metal strings biting into her flesh .
tr	6	" Here she is , the pretty , pretty princess , " said Mrs. Dark , clapping her hands together .
tr	6	Her limbs were lithe and perfect , the lines of her body slender yet generously curved .
tr	10	Grabbing the duvet she covered herself but exposed Danny who promptly yanked it back .
tr	9	He would never share with them his return , his newfound love , being a father .
tr	5	' Well done , ' murmured the man dismantling the drum .
tr	9	He could see surprise on the faces of his visitors .
tr	10	Red Talon said , " Loot and Fire Cub , let 's go to the ball field . "
tr	11	That 's why he 's so much easier to have a conversation with .
tr	8	She chuckled and pushed him onto the pillow , but he resisted her touch and sat up again .
tr	6	Our family is fine , I know it .
tr	7	" Because I am a Tejano , the enemy soldiers are still letting me through the lines . "
tr	8	Regardless of their criminal activity or moral bent , your mom believes in the sanctity of life . "
tr	10	' Would you mind lending a corner of your bed ? '
tr	11	Before we could ask more about Otto Fuchs ' dealings with the Faith , the man continued .
tr	6	" Um , no , I 'm not a Legacy , " Scarlett lied .
tr	9	Do I smell alcohol ? "
tr	11	" But I am afraid you can 't come with me .
tr	8	That appeared to satisfy John .
tr	11	They had seen sights that weren 't on any map .
tr	6	" Lotta cars out there , " Gabe whispers behind me .
tr	10	Mom and Dad do it too whenever I ask a serious question .
tr	9	" It 's just a bundle of , uh , hockey sticks , " Gabe says .
tr	6	Come on -- I want coffee and mangos and breadfruit fritters . "
tr	8	That 's how they discovered the murder .
tr	10	He was a technologist and needed to remain as such . "
tr	7	In addition , Branden would be there too , and Branden was already angry with him .
tr	7	You must be Damian Edward Jones , right ? "
tr	7	Gabe hangs up and tosses the phone back at me .
tr	7	" Of course , " she nods , following him apprehensively .
tr	7	Up another set of stairs , although hardly like the grand , gilded , marbled ones I cherished all my life .
tr	10	It must be good to be royalty .
tr	5	All three computer monitors are alight .
tr	11	" I 'm just confounded as to where to begin . "
tr	7	" What the devil are you doing on that thing ? "
tr	6	" They ... just wouldn 't do that . "
tr	9	It was another minute before Reid and I removed the second immortal from the wreckage of the collapsed ceiling .
tr	6	" Tommy ah , I don 't know his last name .
tr	9	They felt almost at peace but it was now time to move on .
tr	9	The only thing that lent any credence to his story was his eyes .
tr	11	James asked as they stretched on the gym floor , preparing for combat training .
tr	9	If they 're out there , they 're going to be some tough dudes .
tr	6	" Go ahead , " she said , " it 's your house , after all . "
tr	8	The thing he wanted most , couldn 't be found in any store .
tr	7	" Of course , I taught English to college students here in Kyiv . "
tr	10	A man sat at her father 's desk , leafing through some of the bills .
tr	8	" I am so sorry ... I ... " I start to agitated .
tr	10	Several passing monks cried in alarm at the sight before rushing forward to help .
tr	10	Tell them whatever they want to hear .
tr	10	I wasn 't going to eat any cookies , just take a peek inside .
tr	10	Ted is the only person living in his world of desolation .
tr	10	Help wake the others , and we 'll meet in the library of the common room . "
tr	7	' You lost a lot of blood . '
tr	10	What man wants to go mad .
tr	6	But Mom wasn 't here , was she ?
tr	9	Laying prostate , I took a second to look about .
tr	9	Gwendolyn , her eyes wide , looks away trying desperately not to laugh .
tr	8	He would never meet the eyes of one of the Children .
tr	7	" Still messing with the fence , " he said .
tr	5	" Oh , hallo , Dean , " he said , unhappily .
tr	11	' So what , you 're saying you 're gon na fight all of them ? '
tr	10	He opened his eyes and realized what had woken him .
tr	11	We don 't want our Spam to get ruined , " Ted said .
tr	8	Everything was going just it should .
tr	6	" Well , Enrico , show me the way . "
tr	7	" Oh , what time does the bus pick you up Lex ? "
tr	9	Even as he recoiled from the mistake he wished that he had made it .
tr	10	This feels so hollow , like we 're talking about someone else .
tr	8	And thus by passing from one cave to another the sisters and the Elder passed underneath the mountain .
tr	11	On a wide ivory seat on a jade dais sat a woman and a man who differed subtly from the others .
tr	9	They were glad when I 'd finished , I think .
tr	11	I have to admit he 's quick .
tr	7	School , however , didn 't bring any relief to his mental torture .
tr	10	I felt I was grasping at straws .
tr	9	" At least one still in the fight , the other three aren 't turning to face us , though . "
tr	7	Anyway , are we ready for this ? "
tr	11	He tries not to look at Lisa 's lifeless body on the deck .
tr	9	Connor 's voice heightened as the noise from the shower steadily increased .
tr	5	A cheap pair of fake Army surplus , canvas , camouflage , all that crap .
tr	10	Nat , how many sonar survey companies are registered in that county ? "
tr	9	Gunnar said , wearing a moustache of foam .
tr	8	That is , before her parents were up . "
tr	9	She wanted to ask when ?
tr	8	She played in spring and fall leagues and year-round anywhere else she could .
tr	11	He felt grounded , connected to a galactic love relationship between his Star and his Planet .
tr	7	Eva 's violence had made quite an impression on the group .
tr	8	She drained the dregs of her tea and straightened her knife and fork .
tr	8	called out Boris as he walked away .
tr	7	No word of complaint had passed her lips , yet still he was uneasy .
tr	9	I could only see him for short intervals in the last few days .
tr	6	Seeing Elaina and Cade , he spared them the barest nod .
tr	7	' How did you end up on the run ? '
tr	6	George looked relaxed but still tired .
tr	9	Daniel explained and Noah nodded his head in recognition of the place .
tr	9	Anyway , he wasn 't really sure how to respond , so he thought it best to remain neutral .
tr	10	" But you said you didn 't believe in ... ?
tr	10	I slaved to get into poly and grafted saving for my guitar .
tr	11	She stopped abruptly as he spun around to face her .
tr	11	I turned and began looking full into the eyes of beauty .
tr	6	" Mr. Reed ... sir ... " " Hey , that 's you ! "
tr	9	It burned with the fury of a thousand furnaces inside , a stark contrast to Mal .
tr	9	I 'm going crazy in here , " Bump said .
tr	8	Would it make the shuttle totally disappear to radar ?
tr	10	Given Ainsworth 's hunger , Ward thought the man would enjoy the Steamed Cloud 's portions as well .
tr	7	Tuck was also not starting , and his anger at this was not hidden very well .
tr	8	" Okay , Merri Li was sent to Second Clan and taught the ways of the Vampire .
tr	8	I found cocaine in her bathroom plus all the paraphernalia ... syringe etc. .
tr	11	Sarah said and held up her iPhone with an application called " Magnolia Website . "
tr	6	A strong fever and cough weakened and sickened me , as well as many in the castle .
tr	5	" No , humility and twenty year olds are not natural partners . "
tr	11	Liv could have cared less about finishing the mission .
tr	8	She slowly turned her head to one side and made out a still form next to her .
tr	8	He raised his mouth in a half smile , and his green eyes regained some of their sparkle .
tr	11	There was a dished out place in the creek bank -- a natural place to make a stand .
tr	6	As I expected , the news at eight was more informative .
tr	7	53 Chapter 8 : Learning The Art ( Part II ) 57 Chapter 9 : Annoying And Nosey .
tr	9	There was no end in sight for the attention that this insignificant little note was getting .
tr	6	Lined up in a row were Demeter , Athena , Dionysus , Apollo , Artemis , Hermes , Ares and Aphrodite .
tr	5	I am so sorry . "
tr	9	Just as Tiago pushed his way through the caf door , sending little chimes dinging .
tr	10	Kevin halted Keno as soon as he saw the two goons drop from the branches .
tr	8	And my friend the former President won 't even know about it , nor will the good citizens of this country .
tr	7	" Nothing yet , only typical chatter on cell phones , and things have gotten much quieter in the past hour .
tr	9	The newest member of their outfit was born to lead men .
tr	5	But I am not brave .
tr	9	I know you can do it .
tr	11	He looked a bit ticked when he turned back to the table .
tr	7	A subgroup of cattle , grazing far to their right , suddenly broke into a bawling stampede .
tr	9	That had sounded like a line out of Terminator .
tr	9	" But you had never left the capital city yourself until a very short while ago .
tr	5	" Not surprising , my name is John Stanton . "
tr	11	If he wasn 't so hungry he could imagine himself taking a nap on one of these soft creatures .
tr	11	She seemed very excited by them , which made no sense to him .
tr	9	I 'm happy aren 't I ?
tr	11	I will be in the mess getting things ready for this mornings meeting .
tr	11	The dragon was but a fine , helpless young girl when he had met it .
tr	6	We buried her , and Tammy went wild .
tr	10	Claire thought about getting lost in London .
tr	10	The pie you watched me eat ?
tr	6	" No puedo , " Miss Garcia said with a tired sigh .
tr	8	The word burst from his mouth like a gunshot .
tr	7	Looming above us was an antiquated home .
tr	9	Her dad can actually tell a joke without using any English .
tr	7	" Okay , we 've got new orders , " Flaherty said .
tr	10	It was a peculiar word , but it was certainly derived from the old language of the Order .
tr	9	One that can reach the enemy 's home world and damn the impact on our economy .
tr	9	The blue eyes set in the lined face seemed to be weighing and measuring his entire life .
tr	9	He still pretended as if he didn 't hear me .
tr	6	The two tunnels made their way underneath the city in opposite directions .
tr	8	You 're better than he is .
tr	9	But before an opponent could be announced it seemed someone had raised an objection .
tr	8	In times of fear and doubt , the trinket has always seen him through to safety .
tr	10	Then she reached out with her hand to touch it .
tr	7	" We must pray for this poor boy , too .
tr	6	But with few exceptions , they 'd all been mortal .
tr	7	" Bring it to the bench , " ordered the judge .
tr	8	Stephens said as he wiped his face .
tr	6	" Oh look , Sky : A Penny Arcade , why don 't we go there ? "
tr	9	" It was the only way to secure his cooperation . "
tr	7	Alita picked up the jug , turned around and came at me .
tr	11	" I 'll not have all my bread stolen by the likes of you ! "
tr	10	" They was dumped on the train back where we rounds the coast , weren 't they .
tr	7	Dad raised his eyebrows and peered at me .
tr	10	Bewildered and frustrated , Elaina shoved everything she could into her satchel and hurried after them .
tr	7	I drew my own sword then and leveled it at the hapless man .
tr	11	It can turn out that the youngest can outsmart the oldest , " Mrs. Jones explained .
tr	8	Reid was strangely silent on the way back to the SUV .
tr	10	Anyhow , the haze was only smoke from illumination torches oozing through ventilation gaps under the slates .
tr	8	My stomach grumbled , reminding me of the needful .
tr	9	She could smell the decayed flesh of an entire rattlesnake and she nearly gagged .
tr	9	I 'm pretty sure Taco and Pornstar are gone .
tr	7	Sydney crouched down and stretched her hand across the imprint .
tr	6	Down below , at the bridge , the deputy on guard duty looked around .
tr	8	" A lot of consoles need to be moved .
tr	8	Once we commit to a significant response , it needs to bear fruit . "
tr	9	The wave of snow rolled into him , knocking him backward and dragging him down the mountain .
tr	9	" He wants to speak with you . "
tr	10	" You can 't keep on wandering through this forest . "
tr	9	He tried to swing his sword again , but his arm didn 't work properly anymore .
tr	8	She 's been straining against the cuffs . "
tr	7	' Of course , there 's a lot more to it than that . '
tr	7	It gradually swelled his ego , more and more each day , slowly befriending its captive .
tr	6	But his soul craved peace and tranquility , like a starving man craved food .
tr	5	The unwelcome visitor held out one white , soft palm .
tr	5	The following morning , after a sleepless night , I went falcon again .
tr	11	I turned to find Tino waiting for me .
tr	11	Oh God I wish I was still asleep .
tr	10	Fresh eggs meant a decent meal even if there was nothing in the rabbit traps today .
tr	9	But that was close to the front , there could be fighting there even now .
tr	10	" We have to go to the seaport and from there to take the ship . "
tr	11	Monsters tended to be found where people go .
tr	6	It is a long way , perhaps a league across .
tr	7	" Aside from the visual cues , the endless console messages , I could sense it somehow .
tr	11	And what a tall , handsome man he had become , despite the effects of his obvious fatigue .
tr	8	he 's come around at last , " said Jimmy .
tr	7	Moving into position now . "
tr	10	Hank guessed Stephen Austin must have recruited them .
tr	5	" No , not even though you 're here , my dear . "
tr	10	They waited for him to take their swords , their oaths .
tr	9	Warrior settles her body onto the ground to relax .
tr	9	But , lathering shampoo under the shower 's soothing touch she felt uncharacteristically vital .
tr	10	Without knowing why stepped forward .
tr	10	You are responsible for everything they do or fail to do .
tr	10	CHAPTER TWENTY Sarah dug her heels hard into Dan 's side and the horse bolted from a walk into a gallop .
tr	8	" Do I call or just drive up to Worcester and surprise him ?
tr	10	They had tickets for the upper two bunks but they were very keen to have the lower ones .
tr	7	" Do what you want .
tr	6	" I thank you , " she conveys with a slight bow .
tr	7	Then he reconnected the third craft to the space station and sighed with relief .
tr	6	Blue Eyes stared at them with an unblinking stare .
tr	6	" Well ... we had a little fight . "
tr	5	Almost imperceptibly , over long , agonizing minutes , the noise lessened .
tr	10	Andy kicked and struggled for all he was worth .
tr	6	She 'll be back . "
tr	11	Did you get things settled ? "
tr	9	" We 've seen no movement , no car in the driveway .
tr	8	Dust lingered in the air for weeks after .
tr	7	His clear blue eyes were smart and didn 't miss anything .
tr	6	Come on , let 's go follow them . "
tr	5	" This is our evening entertainment . "
tr	9	Dad started cleaning up the chess game for me .
tr	9	Catching him off-guard , he discarded his hostages and materialised his blade to parry my blow .
tr	10	" That was one of the nicest and yet the weirdest Christmas Dinners of my life , " she said .
tr	7	Ben left the compartment and stood by the carriage window in the corridor .
tr	9	" The war with the WTR has ended , and a peace that I pray will last is secured .
tr	8	" I 've got Zombie Hordes in there right now .
tr	11	That 's going to be very helpful to us .
tr	9	Right now , we are just administering over the counter analgesic pain medication to reduce his fever .
tr	8	A young woman came over to take our order .
tr	6	" My motives are my own , " he replies with an angry grimace beneath his cowl .
tr	10	After a moment or two he decided to place it in his favorite book , The Hobbit !
tr	9	" They must want me to come in , really , really bad . "
tr	11	" Do you want to say something ? "
tr	8	I know you 're there .
tr	9	" We have to tell Colonel Taylor , " said Henry .
tr	10	He will never understand what she 's been through .
tr	6	In fact , much to his irritation , the whole operation looked wholly professionally run .
tr	6	Malcolm rubbed his thumbs under my eyes .
tr	11	No one spoke much as each had made preparations to depart .
tr	10	CHAPTER NINE The Darkling Wood was silent , yet Brand could feel in his bones that it was not empty .
tr	9	They are now on a space ship with their old friends checking out its latest military technology .
tr	6	And no doubt Akers , the Mississippi Congressman , was behind it .
tr	7	Our conversation , although reserved , flowed around the table .
tr	9	Timmons didn 't answer and she visualized him on the other side of the door thinking .
tr	7	It was then a disused airfield and the runways were blocked , but she skilfully put down on a taxi track .
tr	7	So far , Sebastian didn 't have any long-term girlfriend and his relationships were not deep .
tr	7	Why are you not asleep like everyone else ? "
tr	6	At lunch Tori met up with Daniel behind the school , on the sports field .
tr	7	After a casual stretch of his arms he stood up and walked after Lena .
tr	8	" Sure , if we 're lucky .
tr	9	' We 're here to see John Saunders , ' Amy told the receptionist .
tr	8	" Your path of destruction ends to - , " he pauses with an irritated grunt .
tr	6	Power flooded through her in a torrent , freezing and burning into her bones .
tr	8	Can I store this somewhere around here until we get back ?
tr	9	What I want to know is what that white thing was and what hit the rifle . "
tr	9	" We 've got to help him .
tr	8	She dug out the little stone bird of hers and murmured to it in a the old language .
tr	7	" But if one team is attacked , shouldn 't we send out a signal to the other team ?
tr	7	' I can walk , you know , ' the wounded man protested feebly halfway up the stone steps .
tr	9	Inside , however , he was filled with a sudden mix of conflicting emotions .
tr	9	The blonde girl 's unblinking eyes never drift from Rift as he continues through the area .
tr	8	" I 've only got two bolts left and just one arrowhead . "
tr	7	I took his hand , he said a few words under his breath and we disappeared from his little home .
tr	7	" Come on , " he said , getting up .
tr	10	It had been like seeing a ghost from his childhood .
tr	10	They 'd gone approximately 150 meters when a tremendous explosion shook the ground and halted the column again .
tr	5	" And in your eyes , I 'm a monster . "
tr	9	" The letter makes no mention of a travelling companion for Lady Adele . "
tr	8	I am pretty far from the Base and it would be a long journey back .
tr	6	But then Mum 's sister got sick , so we stayed behind . "
tr	9	William found the bottle in the top cupboard above his stove and returned with the bottle and glasses .
tr	9	One tried to touch her and he balled his fists .
tr	11	Captain Loc had lost five of the twelve men he started with and they weren 't even on the ground yet .
tr	7	Amanda left the motorway and followed the signs for the M20 South .
tr	7	He pressed a shaking , sweating palm over her mouth and stared deeply into her teary eyes .
tr	6	Everything was bright and clean and shining , the colors all soft and muted , beautifully luminescent .
tr	9	" Name 's Lance Bryson , by the way , " the contractor said as he looked up from the screen .
tr	11	On hearing the demo Amy refused to believe it lacked finesse .
tr	8	He made a joke about skyscrapers of the 13th century . "
tr	10	I have to stop loving you .
tr	10	She was stunned every time she saw him .
tr	8	Adele was silent , unsure how to answer .
tr	8	" Or I will never speak to him again , and he will never see his new legs , ever ! "
tr	7	She looked at Jorge and said , " So , bartender , may I have that drink now ? "
tr	10	The driver recognised him having seen Top of the Pops just hours earlier .
tr	11	I was breathing fast , concentrating so hard that the nausea was returning .
tr	9	Firemen stormed the side lawn and rushed into the gym with gas masks and hoses at the ready .
tr	7	" If you pee down the bluff you 'll scent the entire rock face with an unfamiliar scent .
tr	8	" There is little to tell . "
tr	9	Thorne disappeared from view as the helicopter rose towards the sky .
tr	6	" And that , by the way , brings up another problem , " Ham said .
tr	10	He liked the way the heat radiated off of her side against his .
tr	10	Thank you so much for reading my work !
tr	6	In the next moment , pain seared his back , just a few inches below his heart .
tr	11	" I can deliver the electronic to bio organism cloning system for an additional sum , equal to the first . "
tr	8	He came to a clearing , and suddenly he knew where he was .
tr	9	I have to get going .
tr	5	For some strange reason I felt no fear , only anger .
tr	10	He had to set the pain of the past aside .
tr	10	I 'm sure I 'm misjudging you .
tr	10	However , my nicely trimmed beard was neatly depicted in the newspapers .
tr	5	" To the brave , there is no difference . "
tr	9	She asked me to check on Devon .
tr	10	I 'm sorry ; I don 't mean to be ungrateful .
tr	10	I knew he wanted to live .
tr	8	He turned facing the scarecrow and pointed the gun in that direction .
tr	11	said Ryan over the C-5 's radio as his aircraft was on finals to land .
tr	9	" That 's the only thing you think about , the game .
tr	10	don 't you even say hello ? "
tr	8	The man with his hand on her raised his fist and held it to her face .
tr	7	He was a short , overweight Italian man in his late fifties , with a receding hair line .
tr	7	Am I not cautious ? "
tr	8	Claudio rushed over to the scene of the commotion .
tr	11	We need to get you cleaned up .
tr	7	Ayla smiled , poured him a beer and leaned over the bar .
tr	8	No , the hand hadn 't been dealt yet , much less played .
tr	6	They fought their way across the packed floor towards us .
tr	7	" The weather was mild , " he continued , " and we just walked and walked and walked .
tr	10	I think she 's having nightmares ... " He paused uncomfortably .
tr	8	John screamed , his hands clenched in fists of fury and frustration .
tr	6	He lacked both country charm and city slick sophistication , " I giggle .
tr	10	" Do you know what that was ? "
tr	10	I had no idea you would be here ! "
tr	8	Vivien sat in the car , not looking at her .
tr	7	" Yes , that silver medallion , invariably presented as a diamond shape , is their crest .
tr	9	The night was dark as they headed through low cloud for the first 20,000 feet .
tr	10	Earth was now the size of a dime , a small blue planet in space .
tr	9	I presume you 'll delete that recording .
tr	7	Do you understand me ? "
tr	7	The Moon Spirit was a more gentle spirit than the Sun Spirit .
tr	8	" I am in search of an answer .
tr	9	As he looked at her , his chest began to ache , and once again he faltered .
tr	5	For a brief moment , Eris was a child again .
tr	7	The satellite phones were provided to key sources within the JP .
tr	6	Jeff followed Graves into a small cabin off the main crew quarters .
tr	11	John was suffering behind everyone else for he could not go as fast as the others .
tr	7	Ben felt completely at home in Sofia and had even learned Bulgarian .
tr	9	Riki nudged him again , but Neil felt too pleased to mind .
tr	7	Fish took a deep breath and pasted a wide smile on his face .
tr	7	She will stay with me . "
tr	10	My father ended the program , but there was no way to undo the damage .
tr	6	He squeezed the necklace and commanded , " Return ! "
tr	8	Chase was a fine , young prince and besides , he might not be expecting of her return anymore .
tr	10	Her stomach constricted again and she squeezed her eyes shut against the discomfort .
tr	6	Same beaches , same ocean , same celebs Daniel : Want a postcard from SF ?
tr	6	Finding not even a faint heartbeat , he threw his head back and roared his rage and grief .
tr	10	Roberto panicked for the first time in his life , the storm forgotten , as he was fixated on her .
tr	11	She could not stand the smell of the house since he had been brought there .
tr	11	But after looking up again , he could tell the captain appreciated the effort anyway as the two waved goodbye .
tr	9	" Indeed my Prince , " the Seeker repeated , but made no motion to do anything .
tr	8	I walked past the macho man and noted his name : Cliff Peyton .
tr	10	She knew she wouldn 't go to Sebastian tonight .
tr	11	He was caught taking additional rations of rum and so I dismissed him .
tr	7	I was in high school and over the years I built the bike up .
tr	10	Terry gave a signal to his men who quickly bound the guard .
tr	10	When I was mortal I served under a great leader and led many into battles wining many wars .
tr	6	" It 's all right , " he answered grudgingly .
tr	9	" Margaret has fixed up the suite for you at the back of the house .
tr	8	It hovers with outstretched leathery appearing wings ; it 's tail twisting about menacingly .
tr	8	Daniel asked as Tori breathed heavily .
tr	10	And she had not taken advantage of his fright and the weakness resulting from it .
tr	7	It moved slightly in his grip , and then with a soft chunk , spun all the way around .
tr	6	Behind them , the assembled Elite Guard went about their duties with grim eyes .
tr	11	I believe we have 12 months maximum to put together a credible opposition .
tr	7	Stupid person who installed barbed wire on the slopes . "
tr	9	It was cracked open , and Alejo pushed the deadbolt into place after they slipped inside .
tr	5	" And this is ... " " My boyfriend , Dylan Amos . "
tr	7	Saladin lives near Detroit with his wife and twin children .
tr	8	" I 'm just not in the mood , " Tori said and sat on the kitchen chair .
tr	11	Danny said not wanting to hear more pointless philosophy .
tr	7	" Once , in your youth , you spoke words of love .
tr	8	What was she supposed to say ?
tr	5	" Well it works , " Toby said triumphantly .
tr	11	Was a blonde boy , with long hair until the shoulders , dressed in white .
tr	10	I supposed he had to be .
tr	11	There was literally nothing within view that appeared normal to them except the human and a cup on the table .
tr	11	She just had to stop thinking about him .
tr	10	There was a rustle as nettles crept up between the stones .
tr	11	They said the blast was heard a dozen blocks away .
tr	9	Who was the one who threw out the cigarette ? "
tr	9	Stay here but you 're not getting paid for this ! "
tr	8	-- Cade could see the depth of it in her eyes .
tr	8	" Strange , " Zelda murmurs , thinking for a moment .
tr	6	They all arrived at the same time .
tr	11	Gave him the same rations as anyone else an ' the run of the ship .
tr	7	When a zombie smells fresh meat , it can become astonishingly quick and agile .
tr	7	he cried , sitting up .
tr	9	Simon pushed his legs with all his energy throwing Steve over his head and over the bench .
tr	10	It 's my uncle that owns the casinos , I just manage them .
tr	11	He saw the open lock , into which all the water was rushing in a wild and chaotic display .
tr	9	" Look at me , look what they did to me . "
tr	9	The next morning when I found her I was angry .
tr	8	John pushed and bundled his two sons over a short garden wall and pressed them down flat .
tr	6	He laughed , a deep belly laugh .
tr	10	The events that had occurred in the past few days flooded back to him .
tr	10	They taught their kids to make choices for themselves .
tr	7	I leaned to one side and pulled out my Beretta 92 semi-automatic .
tr	8	" In 2010 , when he began writing , the well seemed dry .
tr	7	" Okay then , " he squeezed her hand , " go , and be careful . "
tr	5	Gabe , Black , Naked Guy , Mel , Henry Thomas , and Sean Ferro .
tr	11	All were ravaged in some way before they had come to this garden .
tr	8	------- The village was big , much bigger than he had expected .
tr	7	" Well yes , we , I mean me , I 'm from United States , from Seattle .
tr	7	64 Chapter 10 : Reflections Of The Past 69 Chapter 11 : The Journey To Belmont Village .
tr	9	If you give me the GPS without any more fuss , I 'll kill you quick .
tr	10	" Good afternoon , Miss Cantwell , " Theodosia said , hurrying forward and stretching out one hand in greeting .
tr	5	' When will that be ? '
tr	9	Preferably close to the part of town he 's traveling in , " Rick started dispensing orders .
tr	8	As he ran , he looked down at the palm of his hand .
tr	8	They waited until his footsteps faded away .
tr	10	Who wants some s 'm ores ? "
tr	6	" She 's not fat , " said the New Toad smoothly , " she 's a Toad .
tr	6	Having promised , he stumbled forthwith from the chapel into the foreboding night .
tr	10	But Edwin wouldn 't have called either of them pretty .
tr	8	Two hours later following fluid and a little more sleep the plane made its final descent .
tr	8	She got to her feet and led him through the house to Mike 's office .
tr	10	None of them possessed the energy to waste in extra walking to the next bridge .
tr	8	All the money I have now is there in my wallet . "
tr	7	The next day at lunch break , Mrs. Jones returned the bags to Tori , Daniel , Stacy and Sarah .
tr	6	" Oh , gods , " Izzy whispered as a terrible roaring sound reached her ears .
tr	10	He could hear Margaret clattering about in the kitchen and he knew David was in the study working .
tr	7	Gabe is still in his torn jeans and wrinkled shirt .
tr	10	I will brief the First Minister when the changes are well under way .
tr	5	We Will Return At Sunset Tomorrow , ' said the golem .
tr	9	They 're pretending to be them !
tr	10	Where were Victoria , and the rest of the team , for that matter , while Toby was out wandering around ?
tr	9	Betty is the youngest and the apple of Dad 's eye . "
tr	9	Phillip 's a strong man , but there 's a limit to anyone 's nerves . "
tr	10	She had also noticed that they did not call her Señora .
tr	9	He pulled into the lot in front of the airport and glanced around .
tr	11	In fact , looking back on that morning , the two seemed almost relieved to be rid of it .
tr	9	" I understand what you are saying , but I am not sure where we are headed .
tr	9	Make them fear the silence and the dark .
tr	8	" The last thing we need is more critters to feed . "
tr	6	And then , I 'd be ... a spy like me .
tr	8	Something that he had recognised .
tr	11	He could make out something that he had only seen in his dreams , long ago .
tr	7	The upper levels are safe , comfortable , secure -- or as secure as anyone can be on Omega Station .
tr	10	The surface is uninhabitable for who knows how long .
tr	6	Hell , five minutes into the shooting , the Feds swooped in and took over the investigation . "
tr	11	We 'll tell them that we saw Mr. Jackson bringing it back .
tr	8	She knew it was the truth .
tr	8	" ' Tis best , Finan , you are still weak and need your rest . "
tr	11	I was never involved in provisioning there seemed to be a whole industry connected to it .
tr	6	The walls were mirrors , the ceilings were mirrors , the chandeliers were mirrors , and even the flowerpots were mirrors .
tr	10	With no time to lose , Link spurs his horse forward , sprinting for the entrance of the colossal prison .
tr	11	He 'd sensed it when he 'd first met with her .
tr	5	" Of course , " she answered .
tr	11	" I said I would trust you , no matter what . "
tr	11	" Doesn 't help that your place is like a tin can , cooking us to death . "
tr	6	The girl from last night , brown hair , designer clothes , pretty , and glowing .
tr	6	A big , red , neon " A " ; one Sprite and one Doctor Pepper bottle ; a dumpster .
tr	8	She greeted him , voice even and smooth .
tr	6	Pansies lined the walkway up to the front door .
tr	10	He 'd tangled up my heartstrings , made me care .
tr	7	If Hangar Eight was the meat department , Hangar Nine was the produce department .
tr	11	He apparently couldn 't get himself to unfold the other piece of paper .
tr	7	He seemed at once stressed and nonplussed .
tr	6	Then coughed and tried another grin .
tr	10	Looking up he could see the two bodies lying against the large dark tree , then movement .
tr	10	Her desire to set things right by far outweighed her desire for comfort .
tr	6	After a long twenty seconds , Garrett opened the front door and let us inside .
tr	10	You did what you came here to do .
tr	5	In the bright spring sunlight , his dark hair shone and his eyes glittered .
tr	11	This is only the third time God showed me something in a dream . "
tr	10	He must have been more tired than he thought .
tr	5	" These are pajamas ! "
tr	8	He had straight brown hair , now going to grey , and brown eyes , just like she did .
tr	7	David came into the kitchen and dropped a heavy hammer onto the dining table .
tr	6	" I missed you yesterday , " Sydney suddenly said in my head .
tr	11	Silence echoed the room as Sofia entered , pushing the door open .
tr	5	" Why , what is wrong ? "
tr	9	There is no Maya left to be evil .
tr	10	I have something to take care of , " Tori said and Stacy left .
tr	8	' Katherine 's spoken to John , ' Amy said taking the edge off the mood .
tr	10	She stopped suddenly , only vaguely aware that she had arrived at the harbour .
tr	11	It is now clear to me that the goal was to abduct the representative . "
tr	6	A moment later the vampires were gone ; the attack was over ; all three persons were lost .
tr	9	With each thud of the knocker , I glanced about , waiting for enemies to pounce .
tr	9	Edie May came by every now and then to check on his condition .
tr	9	Stumbling often the man peered at them through his fingers spread across the upside-down straw hat .
tr	8	A sick feeling formed in the pit of my stomach .
tr	8	Sofia took a glanced on them and turned away after a sec or two .
tr	8	Melody 's eyes lit up , but there was no other reaction on her face .
tr	10	When Scott got to the end of the jam he looked down to see the little girl beside him .
tr	11	I run , kicking up muddy water , letting my legs propel me to their full speed .
tr	11	She remember how she had bargained the necklace with the dragon , Kali .
tr	6	Merit Properties , my father 's real estate development company , managed high-rises and apartment complexes throughout the city .
tr	8	Seven chose to press his luck .
tr	5	" The rest consider us a ' failed experiment ' . "
tr	8	It would be his first visit to Barney 's in weeks .
tr	5	Connie piped up , " Two . "
tr	9	' And then we 'll drink until we 're giddy ! '
tr	7	said Nathan in a tired voice .
tr	11	I had to bump into the kids before finding Robert .
tr	7	" No , son , just a man who has walked the path and understands much more . "
tr	10	Ricky grabbed another one and they dueled as if they were having a sword fight .
tr	8	" Hi Lilly love , " Lilly Ann greeted the little girl , " where is your mummy ? "
tr	8	For an hour Ryan explained the workings of the new engines neither man had ever seen before .
tr	8	" How nice of your creature to bring my prey to me .
tr	6	" Yeah , " Geary said , nodding , " and Mr. Cuddles is a jealous sort .
tr	9	as it 's eaten alive .
tr	7	The old , wise wizard with a lengthy white beard , Old Wizard Claw .
tr	5	" ' Call Me , ' " said a young man 's voice .
tr	8	" I 'll think of something and dispose of his services .
tr	9	It was so unexpected to get a gift .
tr	7	But I never found out why .
tr	7	" He wouldn 't , " she whispered to herself and then looked up at me .
tr	9	" But I don 't think anything major got cut .
tr	9	Drew caught the inflection in the look and started to feel his temper rise .
tr	7	" You know the truth , now do right by it . "
tr	9	' Trying to find a decent Hotel , I left him cruising the streets in a taxi . '
tr	6	This one needs a uniform and a cell . "
tr	8	His entire , enormous body shook as he said the words .
tr	6	" Good evening Mrs. Jones , " everybody greeted her from the table .
tr	6	David ran his fingers through his hair in exasperation .
tr	11	He wouldn 't do anything that might hurt the profits .
tr	9	Zeal may have been stubborn , but she certainly wasn 't stupid , she kept her mouth shut .
tr	10	If he knew anything at all about their corporate bylaws -- and he did -- he knew that decision was irrevocable .
tr	9	Part of his final project for this school year was to write an essay on diversity .
tr	8	Sewage was a problem , but they were working on that .
tr	11	" My Mom used to say it gave me wisdom . "
tr	9	I flashed my special Spy Games pass and bypassed the line for the elevator on the ground .
tr	7	Frank followed the advice and made his way aft to the window .
tr	10	Frank supposed he would have been too .
tr	6	Chris closed his eyes and let out a long breath .
tr	6	Look , ' snake arms ' just went between those two big buildings at the end .
tr	11	The quick thought ran through John 's mind as he began stepping towards it .
tr	5	This maneuver worked , his father 's anger subsided a little .
tr	8	It 's better to keep our guard up until we know all the facts . "
tr	6	Her thin lips and tightly pointed chin were crystal clear in his mind .
tr	5	' Well this fellow ain 't , ' Johnnie said .
tr	11	Karen is probably in full panic attack mode right about now , inhaler cemented to her mouth .
tr	5	" Yes , I would , " answered Finan unmoved .
tr	6	" This was Diana 's room ? "
tr	11	" I have decided to cook dinner for you tonight " , replied Simon also in Italian .
tr	7	Scott and I are old farts , but we know a thing or two .
tr	6	" What 's our next lesson , boss ? "
tr	5	The Little Spirit 's contribution so far numbered three .
tr	5	" So what 's the verdict ? "
tr	8	The butler grumbled in French first , then said , " And what about the girl ? "
tr	9	To know what to expect .
tr	5	Forty-eight " Oh , but I would . "
tr	8	" We need to move now . "
tr	7	Hell , maybe grandpa was in on it too .
tr	7	Probably , about the same amount on the other side , " Matt replied in an equally hushed tone .
tr	9	I wheeled around looking for Karla .
tr	8	" You might have at least asked me ! "
tr	9	What solid , logical reason did he have to expect their help ?
tr	7	Then I ducked into an open machine to change .
tr	10	You would do well to keep him under a watchful eye .
tr	9	The kid proclaims , crossing his arms and glancing at Link .
tr	8	' I just wanted to say hello . '
tr	7	As Pete stepped forward , Mark shot out a quick jabbing punch .
tr	9	His defensive subconscious had eventually caused him to drag his eyes away .
tr	10	If the people want to see executions , they will see it .
tr	10	As Simon approached a corner , he suddenly noticed that he had arrived at a dead end .
tr	7	His voice was a bit garbled , so he cleared his throat and asked again .
tr	8	These devils have been chasing us for weeks .
tr	11	I figured she wouldn 't answer any of my questions .
tr	9	After closing the lid , Andy put one of Tim 's marker pens in his pocket and made for the door .
tr	10	It is a long walk from where you have come . "
tr	8	Clear of the fence he fell to the safety of the ground below .
tr	11	I just knew that I had to get it back .
tr	7	" We can take him down just like any other .
tr	9	Then their friends decided to show up and ruin everything .
tr	10	Scratch nodded as he prepared to charge .
tr	9	" Yes , Colonel Walker , that was the silver lining to this particular cloud I suppose .
tr	11	The heat had made him start to sweat .
tr	9	You will have to crawl and hold head high as you go . "
tr	10	A beam of blue light extends out toward the advancing ship , impacting it full on .
tr	7	After a few uncomfortable minutes of silence Lord Rand flicked his mount with his leather bridle .
tr	9	I 'm trying to get ready here ! "
tr	5	In one place a day and gone the next .
tr	10	" But he was trying to protect me , " said Bethany with a heavy voice .
tr	11	She would think it awfully common to be writing a book . "
tr	7	" Go ahead , I couldn 't read it right now anyway , " she said , swaying groggily .
tr	10	And she wants me to take her in to dinner !
tr	7	To the other men he called , " We 'll meet in town ! "
tr	8	After a long walk , they stopped in an old , almost devastated cabin near the hilltop .
tr	11	I told you I was an officer in the United States Navy , I meant it .
tr	6	Finan blanched at the thought .
tr	6	By the time my family filled me in , it was too late .
tr	9	Even if you do not deserve my help , and because I love you , I will help you .
tr	9	The news reporter was receiving a note from an off-screen hand and continuing in all her mauve , low-cut glory .
tr	6	Maddox ... on a bed ... wanting her ... Her knees weakened , and her belly quivered .
tr	7	Jen tapped on the window , " Wind down the window ... .
tr	10	I heard he 's gone mad .
tr	8	Both of these traitors had gone into Austria , and it didn 't bode well .
tr	6	I will find my orphan girl .
tr	10	Something had woken them and when Roberto looked out , he could see a shadow passing under the door .
tr	9	One of Victor 's bodyguards stepped out of the shadow of the bridge and stared upwards .
tr	9	A very long time seemed to pass , and he fell into a kind of doze .
tr	8	She was transfixed by the thin , burnt corpse .
tr	7	" I 'm fully aware of the situation , thank you . "
tr	8	She said , clearly as she could manage .
tr	6	I raised my head cautiously above the concrete parapet .
tr	9	He looked around him with piercing grey eyes , missing nothing " Where are you going ? "
tr	8	The smell of burning rubber filled the air as the car shot forward .
tr	7	' Can 't tell you that , ' Raphael said with a cheeky grin .
tr	8	Jacob motioned for us all to keep our places .
tr	6	He 's moving - he 's moving ... well , you better come and see .
tr	10	And I 've been sent to woo you .
tr	11	They quickly determined that the organized nature of Camp Beaver was due to one man , Doctor James Bryant .
tr	10	You may return to your land with no shame brought upon yourselves , if that be your desire . "
tr	10	Hawk raised an eyebrow at that , but let the comment go without question .
tr	10	I don 't think she will last much longer .
tr	5	' It was the grey No. 2 poison , too . '
tr	11	There is much to do this day and a long way to go . "
tr	7	Finally , I couldn 't take it anymore , and my eyes wandered over to him .
tr	8	The minister pursed his lips and didn 't respond for a long time .
tr	8	He spoke to her and then both started forwards towards my group .
tr	9	Is that what you do for fun ?
tr	8	" Yes , " said Reggie , " that is true .
tr	7	He was interrupted by the door to the interrogation room opening .
tr	10	I told Sam and Joyce to stay alert and cautioned them not to allow anyone on board .
tr	7	" His time is at an end captain , " Warrior assures him .
tr	10	It was unlikely that any further surprises would come from that direction .
tr	11	I knew he could have knocked it off easily , but he did not .
tr	6	" What is this pirate doing here ? "
tr	6	On the road , in the cab , Abby sniffed her nose and wiped her tears .
tr	11	Some are sad smiles , and some are thoughtful like the one perching on his lips now .
tr	7	If Ishmael were here , she 'd be dead already .
tr	10	But his mother was so proud he just kept that to himself .
tr	9	With a tired groan , the driver shifted into gear and pulled back into the never-ending flow of traffic .
tr	6	" The other half would be the thruster units ? "
tr	10	The .40 caliber rounds were meant for stopping people and struck with vicious impact .
tr	8	If you are uncertain , you may end your travels with us and feel no shame .
tr	5	After another interminable crawl , she reached a large grate .
tr	6	" Yeah , I missed you too , " she said , her voice tight .
tr	10	" We aren 't going to make it , " said Nelson .
tr	10	We 've been going all day and have forgotten to eat lunch . "
tr	10	" Do you deny that you are an assassin ? "
tr	10	A yellow haze moved over the sun , in front of an ominous pack of dark clouds .
tr	10	I have to stop Freak doing this !
tr	11	" Are you sure you want to know ? "
tr	10	It does seem to have washed away again .
tr	9	He held her paper as if it could soil his fingers .
tr	11	I do think you 're unusual .
tr	11	You 've been here the whole time and have no idea what is going on out there . "
tr	7	When he wasn 't studying , he made a small amount of cash playing at concerts and parties .
tr	5	" Did , uh , America or Russia fire first ? "
tr	11	To whom am I speaking , please . "
tr	7	There wasn 't anything -- they 'd made up their minds .
tr	7	I shift , but Gabe is already reaching forward .
tr	10	This place felt uncomfortable , like creatures watched me from beyond and I was grateful to leave .
tr	5	And dukes , like that Scots one , what always wears his kilt .
tr	10	After carefully replacing the bandage he wrapped Clancy in his cloak and laid him down near the fire to sleep .
tr	6	The girl looked intently at the four strangers .
tr	7	The fear and rage coursed through my limbs , spreading and gaining speed .
tr	10	Is there anywhere else in the lab where they might have stored the virus or the vaccine ? '
tr	11	I 'll pretend I 'm sick on Friday .
tr	8	" You tried to steal my horses .
tr	7	Alex asked , interrupting their exchange .
tr	8	The taller of the two was dressed in a suit and tie and wore a long overcoat .
tr	6	I made another desperate lung with my free hand .
tr	11	" You are a heartless devise like Hiroshima was .
tr	8	As Captain Colors disembarked , Colonel Masque was there to greet him .
tr	10	An innate resistance fought Amy 's own ideas of self-image and what beauty meant .
tr	7	The tasks before him were not new , but familiarity was not the same as comfort .
tr	8	Rick aimed his light down the increasingly dark tunnel , motioned everyone to follow , and journeyed onward .
tr	10	One day when he opened his eyes and let go of the Talisman , he found the girl watching him .
tr	11	He was as lucky as any mouse had a right to be .
tr	11	I am still unsure of everything that has happened . "
tr	9	Cade explained , " When I heard a scream I came as quickly as I could .
tr	7	" Look at those devils , " Simon continued .
tr	7	The children began to harbour secrets from their parents , the previous openness and sincerity in their relationship began to disappear .
tr	7	I drove down to the harbour and walked out along the quayside .
tr	6	" Fire away metal dude , " Sykes replies with a laugh .
tr	5	~ ~ ~ Chapter 31 Somebody hit me .
tr	10	He growled in fury , but there was not much he could do .
tr	8	In his haste , he sent elegant women sprawling to the ground .
tr	6	Some even nodded a cautious ' Good evening ' , and Toby returned the greeting .
tr	11	I think by evening we 'll be pretty close . "
tr	7	As he did , his gaze went temporarily past his timepiece and focused on the unsettled water on the floor .
tr	7	The darkness gave way to light and the tunnel disgorged them into the sun .
tr	9	But first , Josie wanted to stop by the mall .
tr	11	They were all psychologically screened and specially selected for their penchant for following rules and not deviating from established policies .
tr	11	Gravity begins to pull him off of the ceiling as Link rockets upward with sword in hand .
tr	6	Just wherever I was , like the couch , recliner , kitchen counters , laundry room , and even the bathroom .
tr	6	Adele cast a quick glance at Rafe .
tr	8	Come in all of you . "
tr	9	Zero recalled the tactical capability known about the Greyhounds and quickly applied the data to his strategy .
tr	10	Let me know when u leave .
tr	6	She waited and waited , minutes passed by and there was no change .
tr	8	As the last person walked through the doorway , the stone slid back into place with a perfect seal once again .
tr	11	" And I see some that I have no clue what they are !
tr	11	Lead those who would stand beside you .
tr	9	He pushed the button controlling the driver 's side window , sealing out the heat and restoring his climate-controlled bubble .
tr	9	If this is William 's lab , maybe I can find him ... I have the mesh network connections guide .
tr	6	" Dude , " Jack said , " That looks almost like fun .
tr	9	" Just as soon as you have him ready . "
tr	7	His hands fidgeted at his sides , and his eyes remained unblinking on Mercedes .
tr	6	Jake in turn , responded with his remarks about " outsiders and agitators . "
tr	7	I made a makeshift lean-to out in the woods and spent my days drunk as a daisy . "
tr	8	Half of her uniform was missing , and the rest was darkened by dried blood .
tr	8	The lights came on ; the population went about their business , and life continued in its normal , organised way .
tr	9	Sandra would be willing to try .
tr	9	The animal bawled and leaped , but even as it started running , the second arrow struck .
tr	11	" She asked if it was Mojo 's duty to loiter .
tr	10	I know your mum thinks the world of you .
tr	7	Before turning around , he caught Sarah 's eye , and she smiled .
tr	9	His pale green eyes reflected the weak rays of the early morning sun , glazed , vacant , and bleak .
tr	7	" Come on , finish your sandwich , and we 'll check our lines . "
tr	11	They had to fight to be trained .
tr	11	I already feel like I 'm getting ' too old , too fast . "
tr	10	" I didn 't know you knew so much about cooking .
tr	10	" And are they all used in the same manner as you ? "
tr	10	Lacroix and the Austrian officers were still staring at them incredulously when we walked out of the building .
tr	7	With only a second 's hesitation , the Prince swung the blade upward and ended the man 's life .
tr	7	Covering his nose and mouth , he peers into the body bag and gasps , " My God . "
tr	11	Positioned to halt any advance toward the switch , the iron-clad guards remain dormant while Rift considers his options .
tr	10	The movie certainly qualified as " Public Insult to Islam " -- a punishable crime in his homeland .
tr	9	If one would fall there was no solid object for any of them to grab .
tr	9	Using his other hand to shield the flame , he brought it in contact with the master fuse .
tr	5	A second later , it spit the grenade back out .
tr	9	Although the edge wasn 't incredibly sharp , it worked well enough to saw away the rope binding my arms .
tr	7	Claire gazed up at the sky , blinking away the tears dragged out by the wind .
tr	7	" Let 's turn 006 over to them now .
tr	6	" Your nose is straight again , " Jain said with a smile .
tr	11	" There 's a reason I brought this lazy bastard along today , " he said with a grin .
tr	10	Bones that were sixty-five million years old , or maybe sixty-six ?
tr	11	He wasn 't as surprised as we assumed he would be .
tr	7	" You may begin now , " she said .
tr	8	Wounded Eagle and Giant Owl went up and down the river , placing the sentries at strategic locations .
tr	7	" No , " John 's father answered briefly and sternly stared at Bradley and Megan .
tr	8	It took a moment for her to get her breath back .
tr	6	-- He asked himself and at only after a while , he continued .
tr	7	John settled into a chair next to his mother and examined his breakfast plate .
tr	9	His every instance of attack or defense seemingly conceived only an instant before it is carried out .
tr	10	" We 've got to get out of here ! "
tr	9	Two clicks told him the message had been received .
tr	8	You must be good and say hello to her . "
tr	6	The second floor of the house had a kitchen , a dining room , a living room , and an office .
tr	7	" You 're on your way to Devil 's Kitchen , sure as eggs . "
tr	7	Leaning on his elbows , he lifted his body towards mine .
tr	8	' Your granddaughter 's infringing on my rights , ' Reid explained blandly .
tr	11	Mark reached up and tore the darts free with his left hand while he held Jimmy with his right .
tr	6	Memories of the night before flashed past my eyes once more .
tr	10	They were both enjoying their own thoughts as they processed the day 's events .
tr	9	His big old belly protruded out and if he swung at the right time he could take someone out with it .
tr	8	First through the door Danny said , ' Hi mate , saw the van outside . '
tr	9	He moved left just as he heard Ricky flush .
tr	10	" How long are we going to be at the front ? "
tr	6	" My name is Dagger , " he states , angrily .
tr	10	" Is it going to take a long time ? "
tr	8	They 've really captured the look of the fifties in here . "
tr	11	" Are you sure you have to go ?
tr	6	I 'm Lonnie and this is Ricky . "
tr	11	she gasped , struggling to get her breath in the cold .
tr	10	she said looking at Katherine still dripping wet .
tr	9	I just want to get him to my car . "
tr	10	He felt a great rush of air pass across his face and the dust swirled at his feet .
tr	7	" What on earth happened to you ? "
tr	10	He grunted his disapproval as we reached the back of the yard .
tr	7	Williams was a fine scientist , but he became an administrator with the central genetic bank in Maryland .
tr	6	Dresden looks down at Maya , his smile warm and genuine .
tr	9	They both dropped their books and they bent down to pick them up .
tr	8	I notice posters flapping against trees .
tr	8	Should take about an hour and then we can switch over to main power . "
tr	10	To my surprise I found a nice full bag of rare stones along with the cash .
tr	7	Neither White Eagle nor His saintly father Fat Kingfisher ever asked about this incident or inquired about his well-being .
tr	10	Anything to hook my attention away from the hunger and this growing panic that the night will never end .
tr	5	" Just another day in paradise , eh Jake ? "
tr	6	And Hawk punctuated this last comment by slapping Hank soundly on the back .
tr	11	By now his appearance had changed and he couldn 't be recognized from the photos on file .
tr	10	" Yeah I suppose you 've got a point , " Tim replied .
tr	6	We are at the motel .
tr	6	" So what are you suggesting ? "
tr	11	Eventually , she gave it up and returned to being politely unmanageable and suicidal , like before .
tr	6	" But they got the pendant off ... " " Yes , they did , " she conceded softly .
tr	10	It became my job to go with him .
tr	9	His comb slipped from his hand , and he pulled up short and bent down to pick it up .
tr	6	Mr. Mathews and his new team will fly the C-5 . "
tr	6	The other four newly qualified mages were already there , and they called him over .
tr	8	Whenever they smell or see us in the bush they avoid us and will not mix with us . "
tr	9	Chase tried to reach it back but she fell so quickly .
tr	9	Lisa narrows her eyes as she makes a few last minute adjustments to the array .
tr	11	Immediately he saw that they weren 't to be lucky .
tr	11	That 's not to say she looked young .
tr	11	First , I am going to play with you , " he said , grabbing her breasts .
tr	9	He winked as he locked eyes with a beautiful brunette with dazzling blue-green eyes .
tr	8	Holding out a black garment , she said , " Come here and get dressed . "
tr	6	" Yes , but they most definitely won 't both be Alphas .
tr	11	But you don 't like it when need help for my quest .
tr	8	Without her purple robe the woman seemed less like a princess than some repellent beast of prey .
tr	10	Outside , the morning begins to drift toward afternoon , and the mysterious man has long since vanished .
tr	8	But this is all moot until we actually move again .
tr	8	The grief seemed to be gone .
tr	7	" It was a pleasure , " he said as she left .
tr	8	" She murdered my sister , and she will pay with her life .
tr	6	The young page smiled cheekily and bowed .
tr	10	I stood firm and faced them , retracting the spear 's blade , turning it into a harmless looking staff .
tr	10	He 'd had to brave the same scornful torrent as her .
tr	7	Alejo started with surprise and a moment of silence rang over the tent .
tr	11	The two came to the wooden stairway that went down the cliff leading to the boathouse entrance .
tr	11	It 's better than watching them sit .
tr	9	Smoke billowed from broken windows , twisting and curling up into the night .
tr	11	I never had to bow to greet someone .
tr	10	As if he was talking about something dark and unclean , something that would never enter polite conversation .
tr	9	I winced while a paramedic cleaned the cuts on my face .
tr	7	she snarled at him , her face barely inches from his .
tr	7	Lots pointed and giggled and even some of the younger ones turned away in fear .
tr	10	The two of them sat there gazing into the fire now burning down .
tr	6	A moment later , an image of a tall , lean man floated into her head .
tr	9	" I only take what I am carrying right now . "
tr	5	" So all your old equipment made it , too . "
tr	8	So much trouble over three feet of silk !
tr	6	" I have no idea , " he said .
tr	6	In her hand , Kaia held a letter , postmarked only two days previous , from the Globe Government Center .
tr	7	Three of them conjured massive fireballs , one prepared an ice orb , while the remaining two loaded arrows .
tr	5	With every passing day the crisis afflicting Hyrule grows infinitely more complicated .
tr	10	Claire gave a belated grin and was rewarded with a row of shiny teeth .
tr	5	" I just provide the ideas , remember ? "
tr	6	Before Will and Jem , a great curving staircase swept upward , toward the shadowy first floor .
tr	8	Davin seemed satisfied by that , and the conversation turned to a less dangerous topic .
tr	8	" Just put that helmet away and we 'll get out of here .
tr	7	After he and Lilith were asleep , I took my own gear and that folder and ran .
tr	5	Fifteen , certainly no older than sixteen .
tr	10	Miriam explained about the princess in the tower made of ice and the wicked uncle .
tr	9	She stood up from the garden bench humming the melody of an old holiday tune .
tr	8	I highly doubted that was true .
tr	8	The captain stared back at him with a gleam in his eye .
tr	11	" Say Cheese , Sky : let me take a photo for your Mummy . "
tr	9	The boy stuttered with fear as he tried to confess .
tr	7	I caught sight of dark hair .
tr	5	And Master Tristan , Logan , Sebastian , Hayden , Darcy , Conrad ? "
tr	10	I crouch on the roof , letting the rising sun wake my skin .
tr	10	" Okay , " Missy said , " I think I 've got them straight . "
tr	5	" You 're an apostate ? "
tr	6	love it , " she thought .
tr	11	" I guess three will have to do . "
tr	8	The first Snake was followed by a second Snake and then a third .
tr	11	" Do you think he believed you ? "
tr	7	When all were present , the room was sealed .
tr	9	Something she hadn 't done since she was very young .
tr	10	Black Otter asked , " Did anyone get to sleep that night ? "
tr	7	After the explanation and the introductions were over , both boxers headed back to their corners and waited for the bell .
tr	10	And such actions in their turn naturally produce their own rewards -- that is the law of life .
tr	7	Chris rolled his eyes , but couldn 't help smiling .
tr	9	The thump within was his rhythm as he collected himself and relaxed .
tr	10	How am I going to sleep like this ?
tr	5	' Shortly after your birth , Cecil passed away .
tr	11	The gun goes off , then he screams an ' runs off clutching one hand .
tr	7	Bursting from her chambers , she quickly moves down the long hallway of the castles east wing .
tr	10	" Correct , Mr. Noble , and that 's why I 'm paying you so little .
tr	6	The small man 's eyes gleamed , " Toss them over . "
tr	9	He simply looked up at the sky for a moment and then stood up .
tr	6	' It is , ' said a voice from the doorway .
tr	10	I 'd like to know why .
tr	9	A horrible roar courses through Jason 's mind and his eyes white out as he drifts through the universe .
tr	7	You have a wonderful family surrounding you .
tr	9	Technically , I was the more innocent of the two of us .
tr	10	She has her guards , but what if he brings friends , like last time ? "
tr	8	" She has been as good as gold lately . "
tr	8	Henry is boxed up and tucked away in two pages .
tr	7	He dumped the rest of his cold coffee into the sink .
tr	6	" There are three bedrooms , an office , a dining room , living room , and the kitchen .
tr	7	In need of a diversion , alcohol now seemed a reasonable option given the circumstances .
tr	9	He said steadily , rising from his chair and hobbling swiftly into his room .
tr	11	He was even more shocked to see Reggie Phillips with him .
tr	7	" Well , really , just about you being American and all . "
tr	11	VIN watched as it found a bigger rock , this time the size of a marble .
tr	11	" I don 't understand what 's wrong with you .
tr	9	" Bring him back here , we can keep him in the cellar in the Lodge House . "
tr	7	The Pastor took a small victory bow , and the others attacked their wheels with greater spirit .
tr	8	I always received lots of telephone calls , and postcards from the different places the ship visited .
tr	11	" I want to see if you can help . "
tr	7	The glass sweats heavy in the heat .
tr	7	He was the master imposter and inhuman monster behind the plot .
tr	9	Jimmy pressed on the brake and brought his truck to a smooth stop on the edge of the wreckage .
tr	8	" No , you little shit ; you 're definitely up to something .
tr	10	No , let me tell it ... Of course he 's going to say that ... .
tr	6	Come back to Bolivia someday ?
tr	10	I ignored him as I felt the energy build .
tr	5	" Yes , because books and movies always get things right . "
tr	10	When we come back , hide under those tarps over there if you want to live .
tr	10	Eduardo was coming up front to sing something , however , and she knew he would need the guitar .
tr	8	One of the stable boys stood there , pile of grubby clothes in his hands .
tr	5	" Please , Mrs. Conger -- " " Call me Bessie .
tr	10	We don 't want to get back in the dark . "
tr	7	" Those counters , avoiding those feints , no amount of study , research , or investigation can achieve that .
tr	11	I warned , thinking she wanted something else .
tr	6	Despite your high and mighty morals , you still LOSE ! "
tr	6	The proceedings of the next few hours looked very familiar to Lilly Ann .
tr	10	Dad stopped talking for a second and I didn 't dare say anything else .
tr	11	" I only created time , that you might take advantage of an opportunity .
tr	8	" We fought in defense of our lives from an ambush by these same devils .
tr	9	He said a quick prayer for success and then glided around the edge of the house onto the patio .
tr	8	Are we being bombed ? "
tr	7	We all wait now with such burden and sorrow , but the dawn is coming still .
tr	7	The Angel invited the boys into the starship and they flew off .
tr	7	" A celebration of the male spirit , " Willie was reading Taylor 's question off his face .
tr	5	Massive shark teeth , large dark round eyes , and a top hat , maybe a small cane .
tr	9	" I 'll remember you said that . "
tr	11	That man would suspect his own shadow of stabbing him in the back .
tr	5	" You , re damn right I am , " said Billie .
tr	7	Not long after the rain began , an armada of strange looking craft approached the east side of the Rump .
tr	11	" You did everything you could have done , Kobi .
tr	8	Pulling a kitchen chair out from under the table she made him sit down .
tr	9	He was not a man to trifle with .
tr	5	" Very high security ! "
tr	8	He moved to face Neela .
tr	7	No living thing , man or creature is sure where it rests . "
tr	7	" I see both canoes over there .
tr	6	In a few moments , beats of the latest Bollywood song filled the house .
tr	5	" Your mother is , um , the Dragon Queen ? "
tr	9	" Yes , quite , considering you 're the spy , " I said .
tr	8	" Your audacity has cost you your life and once dead I will end this abomination once in for all .
tr	9	Think she can talk ? "
tr	9	By following a wake of bodies , we can put together a crude trail .
tr	11	All the guards and defenses in place had failed to prevent that pesky prototype from escaping .
tr	8	Finally , one of the guards above them spoke .
tr	9	" By setting the record straight ; Melissa cheated by using me . "
tr	7	If I turn this old man away ... My throat is dry and cracked .
tr	9	" I cannot believe you are here .
tr	9	Blood oozed from a cut on his face and the shallow wound on his shoulder .
tr	7	Father compared them to the chief 's own wives , over weight and huge . "
tr	11	He sensed that would be too much for Zoe .
tr	9	After the ceremony , they began to butcher the bear with knives and hatchets .
tr	10	By now the whole castle had crumbled leaving nothing but a crater .
tr	9	" The problem is if you get too ... close . "
tr	8	" Are you doing it to me ? "
tr	8	Cobb laughed aloud after reading the last line .
tr	7	" Here you go , ladies , " said the waitress , putting our tuna fish sandwich on the table .
tr	9	Just keep in mind , the government no longer serves its citizens but has been bought by big business .
tr	9	My eyes widened as I took in the room .
tr	7	They hurled slanderous comments about the king , his family , and the entire French government .
tr	11	How she 'd dreamed of facing him .
tr	11	Breathless screams are choked back down as Rift is squeezed into his dark coffin .
tr	11	He fumbled and was unable to put the gun to safe .
tr	11	He headed for the spot he remembered waking up in the burnt wreckage .
tr	9	There would be scouts ahead and behind the armies but should be few if any between them .
tr	8	In addition , you 'll simply ask questions and send the answers back to me .
tr	7	" She didn 't even recognize us , " Christy observed .
tr	7	The men had taken brass fittings and spikes and fasteners .
tr	6	A hundred feet away , Felix Thorne stared at me from the second Bell helicopter .
tr	6	Then casting aside the weapon , she fled on along the corridor .
tr	10	Even now she is lost in ebb and flow of the Cosmos , contained with a limited pocket reality .
tr	8	My hands are pulsing with heat , and I ball them into fists .
tr	11	Everything else was there as far as he could see at a first glance .
tr	10	" You don 't need to stop it , general .
tr	7	All agreed and they began the task at hand .
tr	5	" Oh my God , Michael , I love that kid so much . "
tr	10	" Do you want to see ? "
tr	8	But that was not a problem for John at all , because now he could fly !
tr	10	It all depends on the dose and the amount of time that you are exposed to the ray .
tr	11	His knuckles struck the axe handle with terrific speed , snapping it in half .
tr	9	She was out of yeast but David seemed to prefer the simple flour biscuits anyway .
tr	9	I hate you , " declared Lex as he got up and walked toward the game console .
tr	6	' Yes he is and his wife Marie is something special too .
tr	7	" Adele ... " He stretched out a hand towards her .
tr	10	Having to take a boat ride across seemed to make it an even more exotic destination .
tr	7	It sent chills down the teens ' backs .
tr	10	Mostly all that caught her eye were scuffs , scrapes and scratches to his exterior .
tr	5	" Anywhere you wish , just not here . "
tr	10	Already within striking distance once again , Rift doesn 't know how to begin the fight .
tr	7	I glimpsed movement as the driver descended .
tr	11	She wanted to go in surfing as well .
tr	6	" Of course not , " I said , all confident and stuff , too .
tr	8	" Mr. President , the total budget will be thirty-four Trillion , including assembly . "
tr	9	If Neela were concerned , she reasoned , they should race away to tell people .
tr	9	There had been snow on the ground then and she had seen Kevin 's tracks .
tr	8	" Jonesy , meet VIN , short for Victor Isaac Noble . "
tr	11	No one wanted to pause and contemplate that maybe real estate prices were bordering on the insane .
tr	10	The thing about dogs is the more you chase them , the more they run away .
tr	9	I 'm sure this is different . "
tr	10	What help could there be in sharing the bitter thoughts in their minds ?
tr	10	Roberto gave the next command the moment they stepped up onto the upper deck .
tr	11	We need to spread out -- the tracking spell grows weaker the farther we are from each other .
tr	9	the driver asked , as he slid behind the wheel .
tr	10	You can learn a poem by heart when we come back , and that should do it for today . "
tr	7	" So , what gives , eh ? "
tr	5	On the other hand , the situation gave me a great dramatic moment .
tr	7	The anger and fear faded and morphed into something new and different .
tr	7	Our endurance was pushed to the limit .
tr	8	Plunging the key into the lock , Rift pulls the heavy door open as the key vanishes .
tr	9	The Faith would kill anyone harboring us without a qualm . "
tr	9	Rick yelled through the door as he banged on it .
tr	6	After a moment 's silence , Americus nodded toward the bed room .
tr	9	One thing Sofia had noticed was his hands were soft and pretty .
tr	8	Just wanted to sleep on it . "
tr	10	I threw myself into a dark alley , knocking crates and abandoned rubble to the ground in my flight .
tr	7	Next time I fly long-haul , I 'm booking early and getting a window seat .
tr	10	Frank nodded as a square of light appeared on Chuck 's chest .
tr	8	How can chaining a person like a dog not leave some awful mark on them ?
tr	8	He wore " business casual " attire as directed by his temp agency .
tr	11	The next part of the play was Ryan trying to contact them for several minutes .
tr	8	True spirits , tell me this is not a dream !
tr	7	All shifts came to a halt , and Ryan ordered a fantastic Christmas dinner prepared .
tr	6	" We are there , it is no more than an hour . "
tr	8	Glancing up , Chris saw even the state police captain looked confused now .
tr	7	The next few moments were a blur of activity .
tr	10	Let him think what he wants .
tr	7	The army of iron knuckles will lay around them , most of them thrashed to pieces .
tr	5	At the gate , the guardhouse is empty .
tr	9	There was nothing we could do .
tr	7	Go outside , she ordered herself , gritting her teeth .
tr	9	The sun rose and splashed the lower valley with long , brilliant streaks of light .
tr	7	I leaned against the kitchen counter and rubbed my eyes .
tr	9	The magnificent bird would fly off to one of the giant trees .
tr	8	" Spend a lot of time at the gym , do you ? "
tr	7	" You hid these pieces of armor in all these temples , right ? "
tr	6	After a moment , the beast out in the darkness howled - a sound partially of pain and partially of frustration .
tr	8	The sexton contemplated simply letting the curtain drop and walking away , never to return .
tr	7	' On my heels , ' ordered Charlie , already striding up the stairs three at a time .
tr	10	They had kind of grown on her already and felt important to her .
tr	6	Because maybe God was behind this .
tr	6	Got your damn horse statue thingy , ain 't I , ' replied Thad , handing it over .
tr	7	A devotion to service is not a job , it 's a life .
tr	6	" I 'm so sorry , " he choked .
tr	9	Hilda started to think on it .
tr	9	I thought automatically that she was with Laurence .
tr	6	Roberto turned and saw her standing there .
tr	7	Please , " she cries , coursing him to finally descend back into the village .
tr	9	Black Scorpion could see him through the slits in his eyes .
tr	9	' They made it to one of the hideaways , ' the bodyguard announced bluntly .
tr	7	' Well , you haven 't made the wanted lists yet , ' he said after a while .
tr	7	" Find something you like ? "
tr	7	He was so close to her .
tr	10	Lisa realizes she is sitting up , completely naked , damp and shivering .
tr	7	Noah unexpectedly burst into laugher and ran his fingers through his hair .
tr	9	But I mention our wealth to frame my story .
tr	7	( After all , a manhunt for a murderer was underway , and a brother policeman was missing . )
tr	7	" A ' Dervish Dressed In Blue , ' eh ?
tr	8	" Here and there , " Seven replied , looking down at his sister .
tr	7	" I 'd be angry , " he said , " but I just don 't care anymore . "
tr	9	She said , " No I meant what rank ? "
tr	11	He reaches down his right leg and finds a large piece of glass embedded in his thigh .
tr	5	" Well , she better not succeed , " I say .
tr	7	In a moment she asked quietly , " You followed me ? "
tr	10	Tomorrow we can start work to get him stateside . "
tr	9	The Doctor 's Note isn 't going to hold out much longer .
tr	5	After a while he turned sharply .
tr	7	Could memorize whole books in an afternoon . "
tr	8	He explained to those unfamiliar with the tradition of the restaurant .
tr	6	" Yes , of course , " sighed Alfred .
tr	10	It will be quite rough I 'm afraid . "
tr	7	" Then I walked out into the glass porch , and I saw smoke wafting into the air .
tr	8	Daylight faded in to night , and the braves kept their watch .
tr	8	And they soon found the guilty object on the opposite side of the room .
tr	7	Tim woke at just after eight am and found Andy still asleep , slumped over the desk .
tr	6	Seconds later , I reached the next landing and opened the fire door .
tr	9	" I thought they 'd be okay .
tr	10	How was Trevor going to spread it during his meeting ?
tr	7	The sheer power pinned him to the ground , and the wooden shards rained about like flung daggers .
tr	7	Logan and Mercedes strode towards us , arm in arm .
tr	6	His finger paused for a second .
tr	10	Saga said , realizing that Jin was gone .
tr	11	- Do you want to rest now ?
tr	9	I felt my heart thud against my ribs .
tr	6	" Hey , Connie , " he finally said , " you do something to your teeth ? "
tr	9	he did answer that , saying they were around somewhere .
tr	11	Sam will get what is coming to him .
tr	5	But after a few seconds , the cat heard huge feet padding away .
tr	9	I suggest we save that conversation for another day . "
tr	10	He also has access to information due to his very close ties with both the SAS and the Parachute Regiment .
tr	10	I 'm sorry , I wasn 't aware it was national piss off Essa day today .
tr	10	' I 'm surprised you lost to Felix Thorne .
tr	8	An announcement tone chimes over every speaker and channel on the ship .
tr	10	These are not the circumstances I would have hoped .
tr	9	We 'll have to be careful . "
tr	8	Well , maybe not straight up propaganda , but there weren 't too many truths about the military .
tr	10	She reminded him coyly , tapping him on the nose with the flower .
tr	11	" That is why we 've decided to act .
tr	7	The meager amount of interaction only drives his thoughts back to the Princess , and his obligations .
tr	7	~ ~ ~ Chapter 5 Going home .
tr	10	" Yes , he is the son of one of the founders of the Olympus programme and my friend . "
tr	11	Graham Johns and Frank Walter 's agreed that they were powerless to intervene .
tr	9	Roberto almost had a heart attack when he saw her at first .
tr	9	She didn 't intend to come in .
tr	10	We hope you are having a blessed day .
tr	7	I stared at the blue eyes so alike to mine .
tr	5	Like his gory paintings , the man was a fearsome devil .
tr	10	You need to release your anger so you we can work together harmoniously . "
tr	8	As soon as this hits the light , the FBI would be all over it .
tr	10	I think Cook gave us potted shrimps and Scotch eggs , as well as sausage and cress sandwiches . "
tr	8	I stood there and watched her tortured , didn 't I ?
tr	10	I remained silent while I pulled into the heavy traffic : I could feel his gaze on my face .
tr	7	" I 'll be fine , " said Edwin , turning to the door again .
tr	9	The Minister had given me hope , and for that , I was eternally thankful .
tr	7	" Oh , cut it out , Stalin ! "
tr	6	Without warning the Red Warrior Ants rushed forward in a shocking wave .
tr	7	Armed with a duster , she began with Miriam 's new room .
tr	10	She run with a dagger dripping with the Hunter 's blood .
tr	11	What are you going to do about it , Sev ? "
tr	7	I grasped it and led her onto the floor .
tr	6	" How could you , why would you do this ? "
tr	9	I figured Doug had sent her . "
tr	7	What I can do , however , is give you all a lift to the top . "
tr	11	Reggie couldn 't get a feel for the number of people there , but it seemed to be rather large .
tr	6	My Knights Aeris swept this entire bowl and found no one present , holders or otherwise .
tr	11	If she had the courage to hurt you , she will also hurt him in the end .
tr	10	Fascinated beyond measure , Wilbur took mentally picture after picture of the intricate construction of this light and sturdy design .
tr	9	" I have heard that ' Shadow ' was killed " .
tr	6	" Yes I am always in his train . "
tr	10	" Do you really want to know ? "
tr	5	" Yeah , well , it isn 't this cold back home . "
tr	7	I can 't remember another time like this . "
tr	11	I don 't know much about it but I 'm sure there will be guide books .
tr	10	She was sending a message : she would get to the purpose of her visit when it pleased her .
tr	11	Supposed to be the best duck gunning on the whole Eastern Flyway .
tr	6	" In your dreams , " Tori said and slowly backed off .
tr	11	" I hope they get that bastard soon .
tr	10	Muscles bunched in his jaws , and he made a cutting gesture with the edge of his hand .
tr	9	First I will set him free , then there will be a lifetime for that .
tr	7	It came from Phillip 's room ahead .
tr	7	Having struck his note accurately the natural rhyme scheme served the flow of words line by line .
tr	6	" Captain Gao , " Zhu began , beaming with pleasure .
tr	7	I am the President of the university , after all . "
tr	11	Vulcan continued to attack denting Auron 's armor .
tr	10	I don 't want to go to bed .
tr	8	Then you can go back to the truck and watch from there . "
tr	8	This panel covered the entrance to a pit that his father had dug .
tr	7	The technician stepped out of the water and walked over to the table .
tr	8	You need me and part of me needs to help .
tr	7	" We will find it , today , " Kaylie confidently promised .
tr	8	She must have gone mad .
tr	6	The central room of the shelter broke out into cheers and crying .
tr	7	he said , and then a flood of French spewed from his mouth .
tr	9	Everything in the neighborhood seemed to be in order .
tr	10	She didn 't mind cold weather -- it was being cold that she hated .
tr	9	He paused in the entranceway for a few moments , and looked around .
tr	7	Despite the sedatives , Masque posted his personal troops , The Red Death , on the prisoners as a precaution .
tr	5	" What the ... " " Better watch out .
tr	8	" It 's okay , " Mark said , reaching into his pocket .
tr	11	Billy meanwhile approached the front desk to speak with one of the workers .
tr	8	The place was closed and the towels were piled up in neat fluffy heaps .
tr	11	" That was the most fun I 've had in a long time .
tr	11	That 's another lesson you have to learn , Almira .
tr	6	With quick , economic motions , he undid the buckle , slid down the zipper , and shed the material .
tr	11	As they went into the house Tim tried hard to make sense of the conversation .
tr	10	As was to be expected , it was too big .
tr	6	" It was Sarah 's idea , by the way .
tr	5	But with these continuous pills , the whole system is slightly less stable .
tr	9	They are what we are in our innermost core .
tr	11	Paul felt lucky to get a small table for two .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " the author admitted , " But it sounds good .
tr	9	Even though she 'd directed the question at Anna , all the girls shook their heads no .
tr	6	" The chart says Lena Williams , " Nurse Edwards replied .
tr	9	I closed my eyes as tight as I could and held my breath .
tr	10	I didn 't really know it would do that .
tr	10	Short , but lithe , she moved gracefully across the lawn , her black tresses flowing in the small breeze .
tr	10	She searched for something comforting to say .
tr	9	He was going to kill you .
tr	6	When he did , a broad grin broke out on his plain , honest face .
tr	8	Just before she got to zero , Melody dove behind a parked car .
tr	6	In their migration , big clouds of them landed on a few old trees near the big house .
tr	6	" You mean piss and shit , the words pee and crap are for children and wenches ! "
tr	6	Who 's with me ? "
tr	10	" There are extra things in the trunk there carved with starfish .
tr	9	I had meant to say " hello . "
tr	9	In search of information about the unknown , this trip represents the seeds of history we 've sown .
tr	7	" The Guard shall enter first , " said Harald .
tr	5	With a faint , forced smile she stroked his cheek softly .
tr	7	As I walk away , I turn around and give Ella a wave good bye .
tr	7	" What sensor is the closest to you ? "
tr	11	Byron wasn 't sure how to respond to that , so he just changed the subject .
tr	7	' When you see Sarah , can you tell her I saw a house of her street with a broken window .
tr	9	" You need to calm down Andre ... I could take you out right now . "
tr	8	" I was born in Canada , you know .
tr	7	The two big ones are Kanto , the Tokyo area and Kansai , the Osaka area , " Mark explained authoritatively .
tr	9	There is one other thing you should know .
tr	8	In fact only a handful of directors knew of your father , and only two of them knew who he was .
tr	9	I want you to roll up the enemy 's right while Alpha holds them in place . "
tr	11	He admired her agility as she simply jumped to the ground , landing on her feet .
tr	7	She lay on her right side , her hands lashed together behind her back .
tr	11	" fact is I haven 't done it since Judy died . "
tr	11	Bet you can 't catch ' em all , " Trae said , with a challenging smirk .
tr	6	" Get ' er up , " he barked harshly .
tr	5	Lo and behold , my heartbeat and my whole body stood still .
tr	6	' Gentlemen , ' I murmured with a brief nod .
tr	9	They were going to kill her .
tr	11	She had never imagined such good news would come of this meeting .
tr	7	Brushing the dust from the silver diamond , he held out a hand .
tr	6	" We shall camp here tonight . "
tr	8	The crystal is once again in need and I am the chosen one of my lineage .
tr	9	Learn how to learn fast .
tr	6	She looked again at the small windows .
tr	7	' It 's been a busy day , ' he said coldly .
tr	8	They all turned to him with looks of confusion and horror .
tr	10	Do I make myself clear , sir ? "
tr	10	Who 's going to replace them ?
tr	8	" Are you ... Are you singing Arlo Guthrie ? "
tr	6	Pierre asked with a grin .
tr	8	" What 's that supposed to mean ? "
tr	8	It almost looks like they have ... " " Tails ? "
tr	6	" Betsy ... " " Your wife Margo not joining you Chancellor ? "
tr	11	The gunman quickly got back into the car , which sped off into the night .
tr	8	His aura is taut , ticking up and down like an animal on the prowl .
tr	5	Again I reversed and knocked over the second stack .
tr	5	" I have a surprise . "
tr	7	" You keep calling us Creators .
tr	7	' Before you consider your next move , Lieutenant I have over forty armed men behind me .
tr	9	" Eight years , " Nurse Edwards replied , her voice sadly exposing what her mask disguised .
tr	10	Well , I can 't just lie here with those doings underneath me she reasoned and got out of bed .
tr	11	They found the house they were looking for and Archie knocked on the door .
tr	11	Report specifically mentions their attacker punched through a wooden axe handle like it was paper . "
tr	8	The Minister took a deep breath then began his tale .
tr	5	After this moment , after this breath , everything would change .
tr	9	" Please , there is no need to fret , " Crane said .
tr	9	" I think we passed that already , " replied VIN .
tr	9	Every little princess should dream of being a ballerina if they want to .
tr	10	" It 's why you need to succeed . "
tr	8	It 's starting to crack ! "
tr	8	If there is anything you need just ask one of the store providers through the usual channels .
tr	5	Dave with dark hair . "
tr	6	" It comes with the job . "
tr	9	" And I want to see the world , " he finished lamely .
tr	6	" Remember , Robbie , this is a very small community here .
tr	6	His eyebrows and flattop grew back into place .
tr	6	He squares his shoulders as the door to the roof bursts open .
tr	7	Since morning had come , they searched the surrounding forest for any survivors .
tr	9	" That may be but Clancy knows much more about you than you may realize . "
tr	7	God Himself called me to my actions , and the foolish thoughts of a wicked king are beneath my worth .
tr	8	Snow Job slowed his movement as he approached the sentry .
tr	7	She put her fists on her hips and looked at him .
tr	8	God , I hope that doesn 't happen .
tr	7	When the Falcon noticed Roberto he stopped the smacks .
tr	7	The constable then shouted back over his shoulder , presumably to Sergeant Bartholomew : " It 's the inspector ! "
tr	7	" Alejo winced but kept going " ?
tr	7	" You 're ... " " Very old , yes . "
tr	5	" Gabe , come on .
tr	9	For everyone who loves you .
tr	8	he asked innocently , but Elaina was very aware of his leaning in towards her .
tr	10	She looked down to her knees , thinking what to say .
tr	5	The End ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Nightmare Nightmares .
tr	9	He would not have missed the birth of his daughter for anything in the world .
tr	9	" Laddie , ye been so kind that I hate ta even ask .
tr	5	Large motifs in pink , purple , yellow , black and green . '
tr	6	You almost broke my finger , " one of the other receivers said .
tr	10	There 's a small road that 'll lead you there .
tr	10	Greg uses his equipment to scan the building and detects two people .
tr	6	But I hadn 't known before .
tr	7	So the next day before my shift started , I went to the airport and found an instructor and an airplane .
tr	5	Finally , for the first time all night , I was free .
tr	7	Fate has brought us back together , though , and this time I can help you . "
tr	9	they heard Leah ask in confusion .
tr	7	There was her own amulet , but something in her shied away from that idea .
tr	6	" Kaylie , you 'll be my backup .
tr	6	" This is nuts , " Julia said , certain Maggie would agree .
tr	5	" Oh , well , very good job then .
tr	7	A tart smeared into Jolie 's hair .
tr	5	... in other news , longtime resident Susie McGee is still missing . "
tr	8	Dick Mason sat in his study deep in thought .
tr	8	The Turks were nearly frightened to death and immediately leaped from the boat into the water .
tr	9	Again , and again his mind was brought back to reality by the continuous beeping of monitors .
tr	11	The hatchet had three cutting edges and a handle that separated in four directions .
tr	8	But what choice do we have ? "
tr	8	The only thing he needs right now is sleep .
tr	7	Mana cut off Simon 's response , and said , " Isn 't it obvious ?
tr	8	Fortunately , the stray shot hit nothing vital , piercing the muscle at an angle .
tr	5	Only it isn 't Ryan .
tr	10	The feeling the summer was coming to an end was growing within each of them .
tr	10	" I can 't believe we are discussing this .
tr	9	Shouldn 't have told him anything , but now that he knows ... " They 've never attacked me . "
tr	7	" Then let 's wait until morning , " Brand said , " and we 'll decide then . "
tr	5	Taylor promptly walked straight in .
tr	7	" Welcome all of you .
tr	5	" All hands clear the dock and evacuate ! "
tr	5	" Oh , yes indeed , Captain , the size alone shows that . "
tr	6	Nobody in the living room , nobody in the bedroom , nobody in the closet , nobody in the bathroom .
tr	11	" Aren 't you afraid that you might be wasting your time with me ? "
tr	8	Riki nodded , and darted off to her brothers ' rooms .
tr	6	When the attack came it was sudden and loud .
tr	8	He was rushed to the Falcon 's place immediately .
tr	8	" We must not have seen it in the darkness . "
tr	11	I looked at them unsure of what to say .
tr	6	The old guy was fairly well preserved , but no more alive than a mounted deer head .
tr	6	And yes , okay , so maybe I read romance novels , but I also read the Wall Street Journal .
tr	7	Chapter 5 Molly Late January and the weather in North Florida had finally grown colder .
tr	8	' I suppose , but you 're super beautiful ; Calvin couldn 't possibly fancy anyone else . '
tr	8	If you 're in the house , don 't come out here !
tr	10	The man standing looked familiar to him , and he searched his mind to make the connection .
tr	11	He was not afraid of admitting how he felt .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	9	Perhaps that is why it was chosen , I can only guess .
tr	8	There was a loaded pause before Kim shrieked down the phone .
tr	5	" That , my friend , is the forgotten trail .
tr	11	He would have to pass this piece of information on to the others .
tr	6	" I 'm so happy , " she whispered in my ear .
tr	7	On the landing above , Costas and Lacroix had already ploughed through several Hunters .
tr	11	We really don 't know what or who we 're dealing with . "
tr	11	I 'm OK with you staying here for a few days and seeing how things go .
tr	5	Plastic in reds , blues , greens , yellows , pinks , and tans .
tr	7	Rachel must be in class right now .
tr	11	No one was gon na keep me locked away .
tr	11	It says the bomb is located in a warehouse , downtown . "
tr	6	She did not meet the arrogant stare .
tr	9	called out Simon as he saw Steve 10 metres below him .
tr	7	" Bye mom , I 'll miss you , " Tori said and hugged her mother .
tr	9	Ruth who -- whatever else she might be -- was her only sister .
tr	8	" He and Jon have some connection -- -- maybe some business connection , I 'm not really that sure . "
tr	5	And because once , countless aeons ago , I knew them . "
tr	9	" Hey , " Zelda starts , perplexed by the wanderer 's actions .
tr	8	" Delicious , " she murmured around a mouthful of food .
tr	9	And then to wait in silence untill Alex arrives to kill me , I deserved it .
tr	6	She labeled the first page Books , skipped a page , then labeled the next one Music .
tr	9	need to meet on watson .
tr	8	The bodyguard nodded and rubbed the back of his head with a wince .
tr	6	According to Randolph , the Ham World crew went way back in the distribution business .
tr	9	He let go and plucked the phone from Goodspeed 's hand .
tr	7	Finally , the collapsed villain regained his feet , the goatee still blotted crimson along its lengthy point .
tr	7	Her blue eyes had dilated , and she nodded her head slowly in reply .
tr	10	Byron finished his warm-up and moved toward one end of the courtyard , weapon held ready .
tr	8	I have to look my best .
tr	9	Before getting into the car , Nicola dropped his keys as an excuse to bend down and check the chassis .
tr	10	Nobody believed the boy although everyone remembered hearing an explosion .
tr	10	He noticed that some of the hallways were not openings but reflected images created by the huge mirrors .
tr	8	His voice going deeper like the creases across his forehead .
tr	9	I need to get going .
tr	8	Chase turned to face him .
tr	6	' Oh , sorry , nothing , a bird caught my eye , ' Henrietta lied badly .
tr	5	" Unit one and two , assume standard pacification formation . "
tr	10	We could do this in one pass , but we lose the precision as we slice deep into the muscle .
tr	10	" I hoped you would say that , " he said .
tr	11	He tried to imagine the chaos at home and how his in-laws might be faring .
tr	10	She turned to lead them to the exit , but Sky remained as if stuck in quicksand .
tr	9	Sam said , " Got a good point , I still can 't believe they did that . "
tr	10	She trailed off as she saw the Prince shaking his head .
tr	8	He appealed to the researcher in me - seek first to understand .
tr	7	Morrie took the pot off the fire and set it into the cold , hard dirt .
tr	6	" And you really do need some new clothes . "
tr	9	" Just feeling out where he fits in is all . "
tr	11	Massive shards of metal continued to rain down on the entire south end of the city .
tr	9	As Rick came out of his bedroom , he noticed Anna sprawled face down , sideways across her bed .
tr	7	Ellen would tell me I 'm nothing but a big dumbass .
tr	6	There , he soon falls into his bad old ways with the local underworld .
tr	11	You need to do as the others are doing .
tr	8	Her sister Viv , now fifty five , took off when she was twenty or so .
tr	5	' There 's not a Little Spirit slot ? '
tr	11	Zelda insists , noting that Link is back on his feet .
tr	8	The thing might have been white some decades ago .
tr	6	Too soon the Healey turned up the laneway to the old manor .
tr	8	Lanta made her thanks without looking up .
tr	5	There was a cop tonight .
tr	11	" I told you once before , talk like that could get us both killed .
tr	11	He was sound asleep on the ground in front of the chest .
tr	8	Reid and I started to dig wordlessly .
tr	5	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , nine thousand , seven hundred , and fifty-eight matches . "
tr	7	The man seemed almost bored by them , as if reciting the facts by rote .
tr	5	No second-guessing , no paranoia , just glitz , glamour , upscale apartments , and certainty .
tr	5	For the moment , she answered her own question out loud .
tr	9	Tate laughed easily , then fumbled in her pack for a moment , bringing out a salt packet .
tr	6	" Tony , Douglas , " then she paused and said , " Douglas , Tony . "
tr	10	After he 'd been removed from the room , Masque sat down and called upstairs to Destro 's office .
tr	7	" What do you mean , Mr. Clancy ?
tr	7	The fifth was obviously the oldest of the bunch .
tr	10	It was the silence above that alerted her .
tr	9	On the inside page was a photo of some loot laid out on his coffee table .
tr	9	He stepped back coolly , parrying the strokes and watching for his chance to thrust home .
tr	10	" Mother , you sound as if you were in the last century ! "
tr	6	" Sorry , but you didn 't send the elevator back .
tr	6	She slowly opened it , unfolded the paper , took a deep breath , and began reading .
tr	9	" And I thought our day could not improve , " muttered Eda , sliding from Charger 's back .
tr	8	As vivid as anything he had ever seen , Connor could see his mother 's smile .
tr	6	" Me and Danny , of course ... um , Cooper and a couple other guys from the hockey team .
tr	5	" And with some mysteries , you already know the answers . "
tr	6	Under them , on a yellow board , large black bold letters read : " STD ISD FAX . "
tr	6	He reached up and touched his chest and felt the Talisman hanging there .
tr	10	Brazen 's little sister was dead , caught in the crossfire of rival gang activity two blocks from home .
tr	10	Heston gulped what was left in his glass .
tr	9	Maybe he needed glasses ; he had been squinting a lot at the blackboard last year .
tr	7	He moved to a wardrobe and selected an expensive looking hunting outfit .
tr	11	No , he wasn 't going to share that with the cop .
tr	9	Dirt steamed and hissed , sloughing off the molten rock in waterfalls .
tr	9	" Hold on , we don 't even know what the job is yet . "
tr	10	" Now we 've had our little geography lesson can we carry on ? "
tr	5	" Good question , " Mark said .
tr	9	I didn 't know such a thing was possible . "
tr	6	" Thank God , give me a pistol , " he said , and threw off the sling .
tr	9	The service ended as it always did , with some brief announcements .
tr	10	Bethany was stunned and didn 't at first understand what had happened .
tr	7	" If I remember correctly , there are only four of five lodges up there on the rim .
tr	6	It 's never too late , I promise you . "
tr	7	I tilted my eyes back and saw the deer with the scar digging around my knapsack .
tr	10	They offered to return if needed .
tr	11	It was hard to be prepared for an unknown threat .
tr	9	" You 'd kill us in our sleep if you could , " the girl said .
tr	5	" Where are your gloves ? "
tr	8	" First , the moratorium on the use of fuel remains in effect .
tr	9	Abbey turned to look at Adam .
tr	7	The captain is wounded , look ! "
tr	7	The man was tall , taller than most , perhaps almost a head taller than himself .
tr	8	The bereft mother cow stood off alone , bellowing in helpless loss .
tr	9	" Is the room upstairs being rented out to anyone ? "
tr	9	With no plan of action , he humbled himself and embarrassed he retreated off the platform .
tr	7	Here is a recording of the event . "
tr	10	Frank had started down the hall but paused to think for a moment .
tr	10	I think I was standing on solid ground .
tr	6	Lines vine up and down my skin and wind around my wrist in black ink , like a tattoo .
tr	8	I think the bulbous bow helps though .
tr	10	He knew there was more to this .
tr	9	Something strange -- something impossible -- was happening , and he stood transfixed .
tr	7	You know ; Frank spoke of you all the time ; you were his hero .
tr	8	Neil gasped for air , but Riki only allowed him a few seconds ' rest .
tr	10	And in that moment I had no idea where the hell I was walking , but I enjoyed it .
tr	7	" But you won 't be getting an army . "
tr	11	You know that to lay a hand on Adele is to challenge me .
tr	5	In the right hand he held a symbolic war hatchet .
tr	6	Speak , she-wolf ; or can you only bark and bite ? "
tr	10	Each gunner hurried to place firing data on his sight unit and then ' level ' the weapon for firing .
tr	5	After many a long and weary hour , the heroes grew very hungry .
tr	9	' Must 've been meant to be . '
tr	6	" What do you think , Pierre ? "
tr	11	I will contact you only when I have absolutely critical information for you .
tr	7	" They will put her into the cage !
tr	9	Bron 's hand clamped down onto his for a moment before he gestured back to the cave .
tr	8	Obviously the detonation of spawn inside the launcher bay would have a devastating effect on Warrior .
tr	9	His hairless rump pressed its neck to the ground so the triangular head with its flickering tongue remained exposed .
tr	10	The twinkle in her eyes told him she had seen Dan Jansen 's reactions too .
tr	10	Or drop a note by my side stating a time and place to meet .
tr	6	" These last few days before the end , brothers , we must be strong !
tr	5	Then , on the fourth page , the mundane broke off quite suddenly .
tr	8	The man had mistreated Eva and hounded us since the Faith 's coup .
tr	11	You need to get as low to the ground as you can .
tr	9	He couldn 't focus , and he wasn 't ready to grieve .
tr	10	If she does , I guarantee you 'll pay for that . "
tr	9	So , take care of each other , you two .
tr	9	I stood and centred myself , feeling the rhythm within , the pulse of my mind .
tr	8	Before he could stop himself , Furnace bowed .
tr	8	They produce the best ratio of meat to feed and are the best meat rabbits .
tr	7	I don 't like ' oh ho 's ' , especially in the dark .
tr	7	" Okay , cool , then can you give me a hand here ? "
tr	9	' Tell me you 're not thinking of -- ' he started to say warily .
tr	7	He 'll know , one way or the other . "
tr	8	She terminated the call before he could respond .
tr	7	He remained deathly weary , however , and the healing of his wounds made him hungry and thirsty .
tr	8	His Mother would never have come to ... .
tr	7	" Don 't worry Unit Zero , " Honeywell told the door to the prototype 's secure storage facility .
tr	8	said Anderson in annoyance as he felt the time melting away .
tr	10	Time dragged and any movement seemed to be happening in slow motion .
tr	8	That 's all we know . "
tr	9	The curse itself was a pirate curse , so it was only in effect just so long as we were pirates .
tr	8	" No , about wanting to kill the dog . "
tr	6	And as for her mother , well , she was still her mother after all .
tr	10	Sarah 's hand froze as she was wrapping the biscuits and stared at the dogs .
tr	10	You will continue to do nothing for today .
tr	11	He was going to say more , but he was interrupted by a tone inside the truck 's cab .
tr	9	2 -- My own breath running the circuit of my lungs 1 -- The song , haunting in the background .
tr	11	I am the Prince of Ravens , the Lord of the Seventh Principality , and I DEMAND YOUR RESPECT ! "
tr	6	Can something like Wall really happen ?
tr	5	" Quick , the east gate , there is no enemy soldiers there yet .
tr	10	" We don 't need to be doing this right now .
tr	6	" I killed my stepfather , " said Stuart , his voice deep and rough and vibrant .
tr	8	I started to laugh , and she ran away outside .
tr	10	The referee tossed the ball in the air and the game started .
tr	9	He paused significantly , letting the boy 's incredulous eyes dart to his niece .
tr	6	" Matthew , look , " Stephanie pointed out behind the running man .
tr	9	Lying before him within the Vault of Echoes were the littered corpses of several young dragons .
tr	6	By the time they reached Nelson , they had a company strength unit .
tr	5	" Well , well , Rupert , what was his reply ? "
tr	8	Closing his eyes , he raised his head to the sky and let the cold rain work its magic .
tr	9	I admit that I didn 't quite think that one through . "
tr	10	" Will you stop doing that ? "
tr	5	Well , because of her unnatural looks , all men approached her like beasts .
tr	9	He drank down the cool refreshing fluid in mighty gulps , following it with a satisfied belch .
tr	5	" Oh my God , Anne , this movie is so bad .
tr	9	He collected the tray and led us down the hall to an exquisitely decorated drawing room with tall vaulted ceilings .
tr	9	" There is no harm in asking , " he replied .
tr	5	and so on , through vegetables , soap , candles , fish .
tr	6	" You once were a good woman , but now -- " " She once was a common whore ! "
tr	5	" Hey , sir , " the young man said .
tr	7	All three of them were at some point either grazed by bullets or hit in the chest .
tr	9	If he could reach the mountain , he could start to investigate that tunnel .
tr	7	" I got there in 1952 and stayed for a few years .
tr	8	He stutters something about the stars , and I look up .
tr	7	" No one 's messing with us . "
tr	5	Byron laughed , a warm sound , leaving nothing back .
tr	6	The scents of hay , horses , manure , leather , oil , grain caught at her heart .
tr	7	" You never tell me anything about her . "
tr	6	" Sure , me and my grandmother went fishing all the time , " Manfred said truthfully .
tr	9	" I 'm glad you 're back .
tr	10	That 's one of the few remaining chain stores in the country , Wally World .
tr	11	Rand 's pale blue eyes moved to take in the two mounted men to either side of him .
tr	8	The Angel glanced at the boys and burst into peals of laughter .
tr	7	Only after another hard slash did the bloody head fly off the neck and roll onto the ground .
tr	6	I 'd recognize that voice anywhere .
tr	9	" What you think I will do there .
tr	11	Now don 't you go getting your grandmother into trouble by spilling the beans . "
tr	10	" I 've got to leave for work .
tr	5	Around the fire , the black figures , the chimps , went wild .
tr	9	" I didn 't know you were coming ! "
tr	9	Of course , we 'd lost a close friend in the fight -- Joseph Klein .
tr	7	" We have protocols for everything . "
tr	11	My family had abandoned me by death or desertion ; I 'd been left to face the world alone .
tr	7	I remember a maelstrom of activity .
tr	8	" I had noticed , and I am glad of it . "
tr	8	she said with as much enthusiasm as she could fake .
tr	9	They counted three small barges carrying men and equipment and a dozen smaller support craft .
tr	8	Standing , waiting for a taxi to thunder past , she caught movement out the corner of her eye .
tr	9	They watched David take Gavin 's gun and leave .
tr	7	' Put your weapons down or I 'll shoot her ! '
tr	10	The men looked at me as I opened the door and walked into the steamy heat inside .
tr	9	" I 'll pump , " he volunteered as they rolled to a stop .
tr	7	If I do not return , you will have other , less humane , visitors . "
tr	9	" I know , but we have no one else to turn to .
tr	9	When Elaina put one hand on the ladder , Cade caught her arm .
tr	11	Danny slowed as Amy tightened her hold and tried speeding up .
tr	9	" Let me make this perfectly clear ; we are exploring a cave tonight .
tr	7	" What 're looking at ? "
tr	8	The man held his hands up and stepped over to Finn 's body , now quiet .
tr	7	The leader , surprised by the aggressive action , looked past Simon into Stefano eyes .
tr	7	In situations like this , the darkness could be his best friend but it could also be his worst enemy .
tr	6	I slipped inside after him .
tr	10	By his calculations , we had to be close to a fort .
tr	7	He was ready for a rematch .
tr	10	" Back home , that 's exactly what I attempted to do .
tr	6	I look up at her .
tr	8	" What wouldn 't I give to visit them ! "
tr	8	So how many zeroes in a billion ? "
tr	7	She mostly tuned out their chatter , but some of it had obviously gone in .
tr	11	When she looked down again her smile was broad , on the verge of breaking into laughter .
tr	8	Merkel nodded over to the line of dead men by the Osprey .
tr	8	" Trae , what 's the matter ? "
tr	9	" They did try it , and they have gotten away with it , Your Majesty .
tr	7	With that , he aimed and neatly drilled a Hag through the eye socket with one pistol .
tr	6	Anyway , she can 't climb this crag . "
tr	6	And then with an astonishing pull from Norman , we flew out of his house .
tr	11	" What do you mean by ' speak to me again ' ? "
tr	6	Two massive doors , one glass the other pine , made up the front entry .
tr	8	He moved steadily around , absorbing information like a human sponge .
tr	6	' Oh , this isn 't him , ' said the professor cheerfully , seeing Moist 's expression .
tr	11	" You 'll have to work on your gags , Edwin . "
tr	9	" Right , " he frowned , " so what is all of this good for ?
tr	8	We should ... go ... " She trailed off and pink spots bloomed on her cheeks .
tr	8	You could run a photography competition , for a start : people love showing off . "
tr	9	" How far down have we come and how far do we need to go ? "
tr	7	Simpson shook his head as well as the major 's hand .
tr	11	She hadn 't wanted to risk waking him .
tr	8	Driftwood required no chopping and was free of sap , if one picked properly .
tr	9	The attention of the conference was drawn to the heightened commotion in the village .
tr	11	I wished I 'd gotten to vote .
tr	10	Our mother was the only one who could ever control her .
tr	6	faded with time ... ... .
tr	6	I shouldn 't talk , you know , but it 's pitiful , really .
tr	11	" Gon na check on the sheep in the far pasture . "
tr	11	" You 're going to eat all of that ? "
tr	10	But he wasn 't comfortable sharing the church-going habits of his congregation with an outsider .
tr	5	" Good morning , sir , " she said .
tr	11	She saw the poor Lost Souls turned to dust for they cannot die .
tr	8	As Hailey worked her way through them she could feel the corridors slanting upward .
tr	7	Violetta did not possess strong armed forces , but the then Queen of Violetta , Viola , was a strategist .
tr	7	His brow remained furrowed , but he tossed the rock into a trunk .
tr	10	It would only lead to our own deaths and the end of the quest . "
tr	6	His own joke brought a brief , faint grin to his lips .
tr	6	" You just need time , " she said with a terrifying kindness in her voice .
tr	7	The Prince let it drop , but the subject still felt unresolved .
tr	10	Shaking his head , Cade grabbed her around the waist and picked her up to spin her around in the air .
tr	11	Edwin followed , holding his breath as they rounded a bend in the passage .
tr	7	That had been a very , very heavy day .
tr	8	" It 's still too hot to enter , " he had said , shaking his head .
tr	11	Large sections have already fallen , forcing Rift to carefully maneuver forward .
tr	7	With one swoop , he grabbed a hunk of cake from the ground .
tr	8	With dangerously low clouds hanging over the waters , by sunset Roberto knew they had trouble .
tr	10	He neither heard nor saw anyone else , but he decided not to admit that to the Prince .
tr	11	" Oh yeah , you would agree with her , Dad , " Alex protested .
tr	11	Such a blessing to be loved by my love ! "
tr	5	" First the candy and flowers , then the apology letters , then the ravenous demon hordes .
tr	8	Kaylie slumped down on the toilet seat , sniffling , crossing her arms over her chest .
tr	9	She slept just inside the entrance until her children came back from their hunt .
tr	9	He flipped the phone open with his thumb and pressed the power button .
tr	6	" No not really , " she replied , " Gema and Wendy avoided me like the plague .
tr	11	The best that can happen is someone will ignite a new spark and hopefully it will grow into a fire . "
tr	8	" Was that an admission of guilt ? "
tr	6	A ladder in one corner led up through an open hatch , probably to a bedroom or loft .
tr	10	" Do you want to go ? "
tr	9	Tell Jonas I got away .
tr	6	' Yeah , we hear you , ' I replied into the mouthpiece .
tr	9	Chet looked down into the darkness between the logs and could see a slight flutter of white .
tr	11	The harder the women tried to be quiet the louder they became .
tr	10	I 've made most of the local publications throughout the Northeast and even some of the larger ones .
tr	6	" Wait , " I asked , " Should I take my memories back ?
tr	11	My hand trembled as I tried to urge the horse on .
tr	8	Then she pushed all thought of the troublesome pair from her mind and surrendered to the waves .
tr	11	Their main task was to ensure that the elderly and young children were fed .
tr	9	Just like that , straight out , what 's the use to dance around it , right ?
tr	5	A ' Christmas miracle , ' the doctors called it .
tr	8	" I know exactly what you mean , Viv .
tr	7	He noticed the men surrounding her .
tr	11	Maybe if I wore a tie to work it would help . "
tr	8	" What the Yosemite Sam is going on here ? "
tr	5	" Hello , Mac , " said Toby .
tr	8	Around the sink and on a shelf was the normal stuff associated with a woman 's washroom .
tr	9	" Nothing worth talking about anyway . "
tr	6	" It wasn 't suicide , " the darker image of Ashwin finally announced .
tr	11	I knew Shade played her part , I wouldn 't have survived this long if she wasn 't here .
tr	11	" Did you ken it was him ?
tr	10	He did not like Simon being there and was happy to voice this opinion .
tr	10	Ted had known that this would happen , but he had already achieved his goal .
tr	8	The two brothers watched the images for several more minutes before Scott stifled a yawn .
tr	7	' Touché , ' Roman said in a slightly strained voice .
tr	9	This book is the third in the series and is available in paperback and digital format .
tr	10	I need to get to the capital today by train , and the government can 't accept this . "
tr	11	This life was going to be hardest on her , he decided .
tr	7	We sat transfixed listening to the only human voice beside our own we had heard in months .
tr	7	First they did twenty deep knee bends , then twenty knee squats and twenty push-ups .
tr	10	The Vespa managed to get a grip on the dirt and sped up the slope .
tr	10	I thought that he really was listening to me .
tr	8	Phillip got out , unlocked the gate and we drove five more minutes until George stopped .
tr	10	He hoped the pilot was doing better than him .
tr	9	" Sure , " she said easily , smiling at them briefly and turning back to her water ripple game .
tr	9	The wind was now rushing into the hole with great force .
tr	5	" Sure , you have the enhanced senses . "
tr	5	The leather seats were freezing .
tr	6	He shook out his locks and began his morning routine .
tr	6	" Well , he asks all the right questions and he obviously knows his business .
tr	11	He spoke brusquely in the strange language used to summon the creatures .
tr	9	But he came when you were asleep and only stayed the night .
tr	10	Banner of black hanged upon the wall with a portrayed of skull .
tr	10	Not wanting to discuss herself further the subject turned to Amy and self-image .
tr	8	I have to go and see my wife whilst I have the chance .
tr	10	Make sure you come to mine .
tr	11	Do you know where he is ? "
tr	6	The late afternoon was perfect , the wind cool , and the salty air refreshing .
tr	10	He wondered with this style of cooking why Mr. Clancy was not as big as a house .
tr	7	If so , boy , you 've a cruel , disappointing life ahead . "
tr	11	Do you know what it means ? "
tr	8	Was this a coincidence , or did his father know about the note , the tests ?
tr	6	" Sure , no problem , Uncle Jeff , " Ricky didn 't really see the big deal .
tr	10	As he started cracking the eggs in the skillet , Jessica came down the stairs .
tr	6	In the huge ballroom , the guests crowded into small groups , chattering and laughing .
tr	10	" Could be a traverse , mounted inside the vessel , " suggested one of his analysts .
tr	9	That 's not going to help anything .
tr	8	" Do you want cookies ? "
tr	6	" And , forgive me , you are 30 years old exactly ?
tr	6	The video stops and a pale Chase Jordan comes back on the screen .
tr	6	And she had just lost a loved one .
tr	7	With a final , suspended fourth chord Mark sang the last of the lyrics .
tr	10	She 'd done enough to kill them all already .
tr	9	The first grenade flashed past the hood of the Skoda and detonated on the road behind us .
tr	10	The volume of fire intensified to the north and Loc wondered how much longer they could stay in the fight .
tr	8	Mateo followed along behind him , helping a wounded Marcus hobble into the room .
tr	9	VIN and Suzi had several days to unload the other shuttle .
tr	5	I want a police search and full media coverage . '
tr	8	It 's only fair that I return the favor .
tr	8	I 'm hopeless as it is . "
tr	5	And dear God , he is a man now , so large and strong .
tr	6	No great tragedies or traumas or adventures , but even an ordinary life doesn 't feel very ordinary .
tr	6	His head was aching and he felt so weak .
tr	10	Brendan handed David the sandwich and David smiled at him in a perfect mime of typical American eager politeness .
tr	8	The Prince straightened up , his back letting out several loud cracks , and stretched .
tr	9	" It 's nice to meet you . "
tr	8	I was talking to myself , " Valerie explains with frustration .
tr	10	Stop a sec , he 's kneeling down to give the kid something ... oh , how sweet ! "
tr	6	" When are you coming , then ? "
tr	9	I am going to take away all your weaknesses . "
tr	7	" The hell we will ! "
tr	8	People could be equal in this little kingdom .
tr	8	How could a gift woman from an obscure fishing tribe know anything of Teachers ?
tr	8	During the next few hours , we closed on the pair of unknown blips plodding along in the darkness .
tr	10	He grinned to take some of the sting from his words .
tr	8	He began stomping around the Gordo 's .
tr	8	We 're down five seconds and I can 't even beat this guy by one second ! "
tr	5	" My name is Gizmo , Gil , or Gilbert .
tr	5	Hunger finally sated , he took a deep , calming breath .
tr	7	He 'll have a few growing pains , but I suspect not significantly more than a normal child .
tr	6	Yet , the green in those eyes smiled at me .
tr	9	It appeared shriveled and dehydrated , but it hadn 't decomposed at all .
tr	8	Dr. Morgan signaled to the private to bring up the next patient .
tr	11	I 'm sticking out like a sore thumb and Rafferty is still driving around looking for somewhere to park .
tr	6	Spies could be normal people .
tr	10	It felt as though an iron fist had punched through his chest .
tr	7	I smelled the tangy waters of the Seine .
tr	8	Ornate rugs and paintings lined the floors and walls , and the tower was a den of opulence .
tr	9	I didn 't ask him to buy it .
tr	5	" Okay , " Evan 's voice is barely a whisper .
tr	5	Alejo clenched his teeth , hard .
tr	7	He leaned forward and threw another log onto the flames .
tr	6	For a moment I am back in my apartment .
tr	5	Brave and strong was this delicate little flower .
tr	8	Without looking , Mike walked straight , perpendicularly across the pavement and on to the road .
tr	6	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	6	With that , he made off up the Aisle 4 , past the patent medicines and toilet paper .
tr	8	' On three , ' he mouthed , signalling with his fingers .
tr	10	Mike wouldn 't have gotten himself into this type of situation .
tr	11	Mai calls , her hand materializing just long enough to swing the boy onto the platform .
tr	9	Left to fend for themselves .
tr	9	A misty dust from the gravel was still settling amid the moonlight as I finally glimpsed them .
tr	8	For my sake , if nothing else .
tr	9	Shock and fear gripped her heart the moment she plunged into the dark angry depths .
tr	5	The other volunteers lingered below , all nervous and anxious .
tr	11	Only one problem -- they were quickly running out of ammo as the endless horde of men advanced onward .
tr	8	To back out , I would lose all credibility , and all of my writings would become drivel .
tr	8	" We also found two thousand yellow tablets in with those hooky cigarettes , " he told me .
tr	5	" Yes , her wrist , remember , it was badly sprained . "
tr	11	Adele took the opportunity to go to Charger 's head .
tr	6	" Body just got called in .
tr	8	He stayed off in the distance about twenty paces .
tr	7	They are like parasites , take , take , take , that is all a human knows .
tr	8	That 's when I had my fun .
tr	8	" Only about that boy of mine . "
tr	11	" Admittedly , it has taken us longer than it should have , " Destro said .
tr	7	Amy now has him pretty well sedated as well as giving him antivirals and anti-inflammatory meds .
tr	7	She said , " I think so , sir . "
tr	10	He took her hand to shake it and immediately felt not the hand of a student at Cambridge but something else .
tr	8	Bite , kick , scream , the cat was back on the floor quicker than even he had anticipated .
tr	9	The burly Irishman hoisted himself into the back of the wooden wagon and raised his arms to the gathering crowd .
tr	8	They took some photos of him with Coach Simpson , and some photos of him posing with a soccer ball .
tr	8	I found this sincere display of emotion incredibly ... disturbing .
tr	11	She felt him lean against the rail next to her , and shivered .
tr	6	At the sound , Joe grabbed his rifle and spun around .
tr	11	He didn 't believe for a second it was monsters .
tr	9	The people around started to loom at our table .
tr	11	" Only , I don 't have any money to shop for clothes . "
tr	7	" That might be really hurts , " Claw whispered , knitting his white brows .
tr	10	" That we can do to help , don 't you mean , Neil ? "
tr	6	He held his right hand aloft and made a circling motion .
tr	11	' We have some mutual friends who live in the Rhône region , ' said Anna .
tr	9	What he needed to know .
tr	7	Anybody could have wandered in .
tr	8	When they were inside and the door closed , Roberto stood with his back to her , closing his eyes .
tr	6	The time came , and she offered her love back !
tr	9	Her thoughts had never gone beyond the destruction of their foes .
tr	11	I thought you said vampires didn 't die . "
tr	8	Cade watched her curiously and climbed up beside her when she patted the wall .
tr	7	You 'll be treated well .
tr	6	In several porcelain dishes sat fried chicken , creamed corn , mashed potatoes and biscuits the size of my hand .
tr	8	Jason laughs , " What 's the count now , Princess ? "
tr	10	Gary ... park the car , leave Connie there and join us at the back of the building .
tr	8	Did you charm the Dog Chief into giving you Shara ? "
tr	10	Recognizing them immediately , Ganondorf sighs heavily , regretting not simply staying in bed .
tr	8	" We 'll talk later , " she repeated insistently , leading him into the house .
tr	11	I 've got to get out of here , she thought in a daze .
tr	5	" Baby clothes , your old ones , yours and your sister 's .
tr	9	" Of course , have I led you the wrong way yet ? "
tr	5	Me , Gregory , Groom , Burke , Kowalski , Addison , and Perez .
tr	6	Elf eyes above a sharp nose and triangle mouth .
tr	7	Without turning around , he answered carefully , " I don 't think so .
tr	10	he asked Stephens , as he staggered into the kitchen half asleep .
tr	7	Shoving the splitters beneath the back seat , Cael locked the jeep and jogged over to the Porsche .
tr	8	The minutes ticked slowly by , as the Prince awaited his fate .
tr	6	He complied with a silly grin .
tr	8	" We won 't be alone for long , " she said .
tr	7	It started as a low clicking sound , barely audible .
tr	10	" Bob , thanks for coming on short notice . "
tr	8	" Good morning , " Miss Cantwell said , coming into the room .
tr	7	The Falcon was also impressed with him .
tr	10	He held on tightly and enjoyed her soft body against him , his hands brushing the soft skin .
tr	8	He leaned back in the chair , a satisfied smile spreading across his features .
tr	7	Just follow me for now , " she said .
tr	10	" And it 's a surprise that you don 't go in clubs , if you are a good dancer . "
tr	5	" Alright , then , " I clapped my hands together triumphantly .
tr	9	" I 'll help you bury them , " said Joshua resolutely .
tr	7	Wooden reminders of the country 's past -- architectural influences from Holland -- blended with more modern buildings .
tr	8	The catapult ropes snap in rapid succession , and the next wave of destruction is airborne in the distance .
tr	8	From that day forward there was a bond between that sailor , now her father , and herself .
tr	10	" Sorry , " Scott said and glanced at his watch and realized they were almost thirty minutes late .
tr	7	" But ... " " Don 't be rude , come along and say hi . "
tr	5	" Sly bastard , " was Robbie 's only response .
tr	9	The air was filled with the smell of sweat and cooking fires .
tr	7	Her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back onto the table .
tr	9	It was far faster than it looked , and it considered people game , just like everything else .
tr	8	" Our answer will be the same in twenty four hours ! "
tr	6	Without another word , we all departed for the separate carriages .
tr	9	I think he 's in danger . "
tr	10	" No she won 't , because I 've already told her , " Tim 's mother cut in .
tr	11	I was going to have to offer .
tr	8	He would have fled with his knowledge .
tr	10	Her wounds were still healing , her life just getting back into a normal routine .
tr	7	He jumped toward those wrestling to his left and landed hard .
tr	11	I just wanted you to have somewhere to relax , that 's all .
tr	8	With every added passing person upon the streets his chance of being noticed went up exponentially .
tr	7	" We 'll take it slow . "
tr	7	Adele turned to him , her eyes sympathetic .
tr	6	Sometimes he 's almost rational , and then , for no reason , he goes off again .
tr	7	He dashed upstairs and pulled his old travel bag from the master closet .
tr	9	" How much would you like to start with ? "
tr	7	Judging by the coronet , it could only be Harald .
tr	8	" I can 't just let him run away .
tr	5	The two women eyed each other soberly .
tr	6	She climbed the ladder first and unlocked the trapdoor .
tr	8	" So what was he doing with Viv ? "
tr	8	" We shouldn 't have come , but what is done is done .
tr	11	Edie May knew the tone of voice she had just heard from Lilly Ann .
tr	7	Kneeling down and brushing the sand aside reveals a white mask .
tr	5	" Aye , it was a fine battle ... . "
tr	9	He was taller than Simon and , contrary to earlier impressions , had the physique of a World Wrestling champion .
tr	10	Geography should be hard to get to .
tr	11	Drew didn 't quite know what to say and cast an anguished eye at Angelique .
tr	7	He nodded and squared his slender shoulders , and we went into the strange building .
tr	10	But how were we going to save this Jim and this little guy ?
tr	7	If he 's here , the Empire is not far behind ! "
tr	6	" Linc , " Avril said , " that would be so cool . "
tr	9	" I think that would be safe enough .
tr	8	They simply studied each other 's face because it looked familiar .
tr	10	I 'm envisioning this training being a very intensive six weeks . "
tr	10	" I 'm not about to use the cell phones here -- could be tracked afterwards .
tr	6	" You aren 't little , Rook , " the man said , his tone defensive .
tr	10	" Take care of things for me a while , will you Benjamin ? "
tr	11	You want us , you have to do what you are told . "
tr	6	Chapter Five The old-growth fir and cedar forest edges up against the ocean under a dark sky .
tr	7	" And away we go , " Maya states screaming the last word .
tr	10	If there was any doubt in my mind left , he demolished it completely with that kiss .
tr	5	" OK , uncle Ibrahim , see you soon . "
tr	10	As always he could not seem to come to any definite decision .
tr	9	That which others saw of him was that which he was .
tr	6	Crowded trees blocked out the ambient light from the sky .
tr	9	Fletcher had the gravest injury , he motioned to the two privates to carry him to the operating table .
tr	6	The prince gently drew out a stick and pulled the wrapper off .
tr	11	Hi Kim , lovely to hear from you .
tr	6	A man , alone , but he was a settler or a trapper , friend or foe ?
tr	7	Unlike the ears of the Hopping Grass Eater , some of these creatures had curled or straight horns .
tr	5	" Good luck , " he whispered .
tr	7	Shown to our rooms by Sebastian , the valet , we sank into massive armchairs by a small fireplace .
tr	10	Nancy looked at me with sympathetic eyes that said , " Oh , you poor thing . "
tr	7	Sadly , the Honey Bees had no chance of survival in the contest .
tr	11	Then she got the children ready to go to the field .
tr	7	" She was killing my cattle , " he said in weak defense .
tr	10	" I 'm not sure Alex would appreciate that .
tr	8	She gulped half the water bottle , then signed into Facebook while Alejo drank the rest .
tr	6	And now , especially as of today , the chipping away of the original eight androids until only the three remained .
tr	10	I feel called to go to Paris .
tr	9	When he told about the Faith 's pursuit , though , Joseph 's face grew longer and longer .
tr	8	" Don 't be silly , we can 't just leave you here , can we girls ? "
tr	8	I wanted to thank you . '
tr	8	The year following his reported death in Jakarta , Dr. Jacob Crawford was a busy man .
tr	6	A little out of breath , Aimee said , " Start talking . "
tr	8	We saw museums and famous landmarks , and all the while the scum had Phillip as their prisoner .
tr	7	She glanced up at them , with their glowing , tanned , skin and happy smiles , and felt ancient .
tr	7	My left axe wobbled and popped out of its feeble placement .
tr	10	" Mom , I want for you to tell me something very honestly .
tr	8	" Take it , it 's far less value than my father 's pride . "
tr	11	A pert thirty year old complete with freckles , turned up nose and auburn hair cut in a page boy .
tr	11	" I thought the storm ended when we beat the Spell Wizard . "
tr	7	screamed Vivian as she jumped into the Space Monster 's arms , giving and receiving a warm hug .
tr	6	Toby and Victoria will be here soon . "
tr	9	" Yeah , under the circumstances , I think you displayed remarkable restraint , " Ted replied .
tr	6	She looked past him to the busy harbour .
tr	5	Over the next several hours , the distance closed .
tr	9	Practically skipping through the disgusting chamber of carnage , the duo have reached yet another room in no time .
tr	6	" Pleasure , " Laurence said with a grain , frowning .
tr	6	" Oh , gawd , " the shrunken head said , and a gagging sound followed .
tr	7	Then , he reached down with his good hand and pulled the mask away .
tr	9	" She 's probably going over receipts with your great-grandfather .
tr	8	I paced in front of the quilt .
tr	8	Think of it as being undercover . "
tr	9	Bullets flowed out of his gun like water from a hose and unleashed a wave of destruction .
tr	9	" You 'll have to stand back .
tr	5	His shabby pale green suit out of place against the midnight black car .
tr	5	" Yeah right , " Gabe mutters .
tr	9	I stood and turned to the device in front of me and screamed at the top of my lungs .
tr	7	Rick silenced her with a scowl , " Don 't be rude . "
tr	7	Faro has paid for his sins .
tr	6	Twelve hours later , Castile and I board a private jet on the JFK tarmac .
tr	7	Errol moved his lips again , his voice muffled , but his words could not be deciphered .
tr	9	Please let it have indoor plumbing , Sarah thought as she climbed out of the car .
tr	9	But the limp and scar was new , which created some doubt .
tr	11	I tried not to show I was disappointed .
tr	11	Am I walking the path of those who displease the Almighty ?
tr	9	We 're planning to leave Rome today .
tr	8	Maria smiled at Mark as she brushed her hair .
tr	9	Nathan fell to the ground and looked up at the sky with wisps of tear gas floating overhead .
tr	8	This ebook is Volume 5 and contains the 31 instalments from May .
tr	9	She came with me from U.S.A ; she drove me insane with her boyfriend . "
tr	11	You 're just lucky I thought of this place when I did . "
tr	11	You can 't be encumbered if we run into trouble .
tr	9	She smiled at him and he returned the smile just before one man captured his attention .
tr	9	' Victor -- ' he started to say .
tr	10	It is time to finish this , " Jason states with an evil grin .
tr	7	Any enemy troops within that radius had been brutally cut down .
tr	7	Lucky for you , I 'm an honest man . "
tr	5	The other officer says , " Don 't do it , Dude .
tr	6	In fact , no different , really . "
tr	6	I made an onion and leek light chowder with oyster and clam . "
tr	8	I can 't not check on him , she thought .
tr	11	" I didn 't think you had any more surprises for me .
tr	6	" Oh , alright , " Camden complained with a groan .
tr	7	It would drive me crazy .
tr	8	Bolts of electricity entered my body , zaps of pain shot through my limbs .
tr	9	He paid for his purchases and left the drug store with a weighty bag of sugary delights .
tr	9	Rand 's hand and a good part of the sleeve of his tunic , was soaked with blood .
tr	10	Will kept trying to counter her words .
tr	6	Far , far , far below him , a flash of lightning lit up a swirling black mist .
tr	7	The pungent smell of sagebrush filled her nose , and she included it in her anger .
tr	9	The stranger rose slowly , lowering the front end of the weapon .
tr	7	He glanced under his arm toward the guards he could see in his peripheral vision .
tr	5	So , the iodine is still there , fresh and stored .
tr	10	He decided not to mention anything about the morning 's incident .
tr	9	There was little I could say .
tr	6	The place was so quiet , the slight creak of the door sounded to me like a cannon .
tr	11	' I cannot see how you can recruit more resources with Slattery around .
tr	9	Johnny turned to leave in frustration .
tr	9	Nirvana turned and hurried off to carry out his orders .
tr	8	" So we can stop building those damn drop capsules ? "
tr	10	It was obvious that Farmer and Spade were very helpful to each other .
tr	7	I will speak to her . "
tr	11	Nearing the bus stop they stood to leave ; Katherine spotted her mum waiting .
tr	7	Alejo pressed his lips together , staring straight ahead .
tr	9	That 's why the battery in this radio is charged up .
tr	5	" It 's a cake walk !
tr	10	" What I 'm trying to say is , you never received a fairy as a child .
tr	8	said one , a burly man with a thick beard .
tr	8	He dropped his head between his legs to hide his emotions .
tr	10	" You sure this is where she is ? "
tr	5	Even those remaining , however , were badly cracked and damaged .
tr	10	I cannot continue to lead in my current condition .
tr	11	I 'll show you everyone who is on the planet right now .
tr	6	" Its okay , " said Soul awkwardly , taking her hand back .
tr	6	" What do you want , Rand ? "
tr	9	George was doing the driving with Jennie sitting up front .
tr	8	It was red , white , and blue and bore the silhouette of a naked woman with tremendous breasts .
tr	11	She collapsed into it , pulling her feet up to sit cross-legged , and buried her face into her hands .
tr	11	Chaos ensued as people rushed to assist her .
tr	5	And so it was , piled high all around them .
tr	8	" I wrote that letter we talked about .
tr	7	" Elk are here in abundance ; so are White Wolves .
tr	7	Bar Friedrich , there was a general shaking of heads .
tr	5	" Ted , I just need a few more days . "
tr	10	The name ' JP ' didn 't work because parts of the new territories were outside this geographical area .
tr	7	Directly beneath Rift , the sand is a dark red in an obscure shape .
tr	6	And before you ask , no I will not tell you ! "
tr	8	From a distance they look like a string of pearls .
tr	5	" Myra , our oldest daughter , is twenty and one last spring .
tr	8	Of course , my friends and I were powerless to resist .
tr	9	What if I can 't get rid of him ?
tr	10	" We will divide into two groups , half with me and the other half with Mr Brown .
tr	10	" It 's hard to see you like that .
tr	7	The captain brought his sword to a halt just inches away from the king 's neck .
tr	9	She has to come with us . "
tr	8	I answered in stuttering confusion .
tr	8	" Are you working for Jolie ? "
tr	8	McCutcheon drifted back up into the hole , nodding to Mike .
tr	6	Dinner and biscuits are out of the oven .
tr	9	In the dark hall Alita waited for her eyes to adjust under a doorframe .
tr	6	' Um , thank you , Miss Level , ' said the girl , bowing .
tr	9	It sent shivers through his bones , but he did not know what it was .
tr	7	Its tongue rolled out further and it whimpered in delight .
tr	9	Corporal Hunger was yelling for him to move , but Flaherty 's ears were still ringing from the blast .
tr	7	The bulbs are out , pulsing hot .
tr	8	" Why are you being so mysterious with your answers , Trudy ? "
tr	9	He wondered again about this strange compulsion to spend time at the wreck .
tr	10	" My dad has been looking for something like this his entire life .
tr	8	Bobby said , " Oh yeah .
tr	7	Alexius paled a little at the implication , but Collin 's reaction was the most revealing .
tr	8	" After this , the events will be shown selectively like on the internet .
tr	6	" This is no ordinary boy , " the old man says .
tr	9	With the help of Sophia 's girlfriend he found out her telephone number and began to ring her ceaselessly .
tr	11	She shrugged and ducked under a trail of ivy that hung into the path .
tr	10	That 'll give you some time to be all serious . "
tr	6	LITTLE MIRACLES ALL OVER THE PLACE , WITH MANY A MERRY HO , HO , HO .
tr	5	" A friend , Talon , " the man said .
tr	10	Josie squeezed the trigger on her stun gun , causing electricity to arc between the contact points .
tr	9	At its center rests a large lever begging to be pulled .
tr	6	The dark swirls and spikes of her tattoo still stood out dark against her skin .
tr	9	I won 't always be here to protect you .
tr	8	They had penetrated into a large compartment and the atmosphere was now venting into open space .
tr	10	Joe turned in the direction Ted had gone and sprinted after him .
tr	6	" We told you , " Hagan shouted , " we ended up here by mistake ! "
tr	9	" So , how did you manage to keep the prices so low ? "
tr	7	Chapter 15 The Arrest logging back through the wet mud didn 't improve Neil 's mood .
tr	8	As Miriam followed Mana up the stairs , she noticed that her governess ' body was shaking .
tr	5	" Some brothels and bars , farms , a trade ring , a smuggling business ?
tr	10	She had to stop doubting them .
tr	5	The surging , throbbing pulses of invisible power emanating from the open door pounded his senses .
tr	5	In the 3rd century , a small but impressive theater was constructed .
tr	9	Machine gun fire started raking the tough armor of the Ogres .
tr	7	And so , like a market outside a Roman fort , over time all of these appeared .
tr	8	He crushed the larynx , cutting off the wolf 's air supply .
tr	9	Ran around the back of a truck , threw the hat down then , wham , I 'm back here . "
tr	8	" Mike , we 're just coworkers with a shared interest in building gadgets . "
tr	6	Tommy fell on his butt , mouth open in shock .
tr	10	Claudio had a glass of his own , though he never liked the taste of the stuff .
tr	11	He double checked the scheduled date and saw it was on Sunday , September third , the day before Labor Day .
tr	5	' You 're a first class shot . '
tr	11	It was as if she had been waiting for him .
tr	8	During a break Danny said , ' I hope the door count 's high enough . '
tr	8	It was somewhat of a comfort to feel her small , wizened claw .
tr	9	" I 've heard many young boys blind themselves or their friends , " said Jacob .
tr	6	' ETA five minutes , ' warned the pilot .
tr	8	" Her present bedroom will be perfect for Simon . "
tr	6	Its glowing tip wrote fiery hieroglyphs in the night .
tr	8	" I 'm very well , thank you , " Miriam answered .
tr	11	At a steady gallop , Ganondorf charges out of the structure with Midna draped across the saddle .
tr	9	Well , what 's better than a witch if you can 't find a boogeyman ?
tr	5	" Yeah , the last one was too easy . "
tr	10	Citizen input was considered an invaluable cross-check on the accuracy of the data and the reliability of the hardware .
tr	7	" Haven 't seen him around . "
tr	9	You get to lay around and do nothing . "
tr	5	" And she 's not my sister , either . "
tr	7	" This here feller 's a stud , and our little lady here is giving him the come-on .
tr	9	Only one thousand nine hundred seventy nine steps and maybe he could get out of here .
tr	5	On the other arm mount was a large circular saw blade .
tr	9	I walked all over the house and the yard calling for everyone by name , but no one answered .
tr	7	Scanning the display with little interest , one mask does stand out from the rest .
tr	6	This was his life and his family .
tr	11	" How much do you think we can lift with that hoist ? "
tr	10	When completed , Beppe come out wearing a fitted suit whilst Simon decided to wear t-shirt and shorts .
tr	11	I slipped out of my clothes and stuffed them into a bag to be incinerated .
tr	7	" Ground to Sierra Bravo I , we have you safe and sound .
tr	7	Poison was the most reprehensible weapon in existence , according to the Traditions .
tr	8	Staring up at him from my seat , it was clear that he was tall .
tr	7	" Where 's another set of gear ?
tr	7	" Not much , " he said , " but I hope you like it . "
tr	10	Danny 's face fell as the lads went next door and slumped into lounge chairs .
tr	10	He paused , and she knew he was planning his next words .
tr	10	" And what do you think could stop them ? "
tr	6	Lucas wrote down the name and closed his notebook .
tr	8	" But how can we overcome this evil , I mean this laziness ? "
tr	6	" Texas , " the boy repeated wistfully , " What a strange name . "
tr	9	They made their plans quickly and were soon ready to leave .
tr	10	" Name a place that no man wants to go ! "
tr	9	Moving into earshot , the sound of rushing water and cranking wood is overcome with heightened voices .
tr	8	he asked Where to start ?
tr	10	Sarah looked at the motley group of men and women standing in the forecourt of her holiday cottage .
tr	10	" We need to find out more about Industrial Products . "
tr	8	" Yes , I know , my dear , would you have attempted it if they had ? "
tr	6	Beneath the clouds , closer to the ground , dark twisters of burning ash rose in the wind .
tr	8	And found my saber waiting at his neck .
tr	6	Snapped and cracked panels laid in odd positions all over the destroyed room .
tr	8	The girl had a book on her lap and a pencil on one hand .
tr	10	" Yes , we have to cross here if we can . "
tr	6	" No you 're not , " said Tasha , shaking her head .
tr	7	He lifts up his shirt and slowly inserts the needle into his hip .
tr	10	He walked slowly back to the large chair made of strange wood and sat down .
tr	6	Guess where your wedding ring came from ? "
tr	5	" Nice glasses , Mr. Friday , " Versace Man piped up cheerfully .
tr	6	Courtney Cole 40 With My Last Breath , Book Three " My soul is sick , " he concluded .
tr	8	Seconds after I delivered the killing blow , something struck my left leg .
tr	5	Her most startling feature was her eyes .
tr	11	He hadn 't battled this far just to give up on everything .
tr	8	Strange clothes -- and weapons that kill at a distance as surely as a knife in the throat . "
tr	9	Headmistress 'll have our hides if she sees such a thing . "
tr	11	They talked more , pleased to discover a mutual interest in history , especially the American Revolution .
tr	5	Head up , shoulders square , chest forward , big smile , pretty hands .
tr	8	She sets the watering container next to her foot and leans against the mailbox .
tr	8	It is all over the news and there is live feed .
tr	7	If conditions are , right maybe , take the chopper and have a look around .
tr	7	" Go on , " called the Pastor , " You 're doing fine . "
tr	9	He said laughing , making me do the same .
tr	10	I think you need to rest .
tr	8	" May I join you ? "
tr	9	He said , having nodded to Denise .
tr	10	he shouted one more time , meeting the captain 's stare before turning again .
tr	6	" You know , with the frozen tower ? "
tr	8	He found the door to the shuttle , got in , and pulled Lynn in behind him .
tr	8	How long it had stood here , not even its degenerate inhabitants knew . "
tr	10	How could he explain that he wasn 't just talking about the Elements ?
tr	5	" Well , we 're not , " Hagan replied .
tr	6	" Right , so - " " No , baby doll , " he cut her off firmly .
tr	8	" I said it was a dream . "
tr	7	It had faded -- he was no longer a young man -- but it was still plain .
tr	10	I know that probably doesn 't mean much , but ... " Gabe kneads the visor of his cap .
tr	9	Are they coming after us ? "
tr	11	Drake ducked under the doorway , which led straight into the living area .
tr	7	On Warrior 's CIC , many are picking themselves off the deck once again .
tr	11	" It 's not bad , really , but I 'm not sure you can all make it .
tr	10	" And don 't you try to pull the wool over my eyes !
tr	10	And you 're probably both very hungry , how worried we were ! "
tr	5	" I hope not , " Brand said .
tr	7	Ashes to ashes and dust to dust , as the humans say , " Ariel said with a snarling glee .
tr	10	" If Nathaniel fails I vote we charge the stables , " growled Rupert .
tr	7	Dan 's hair was long , thick , and unruly , but his vision was sharp , focused , and clear .
tr	5	A little muck and mud and you cringe and cry , knowing not a bed of filth .
tr	8	An imposing antique Louis XVI desk occupied the space in front of the main window .
tr	8	They 're bound to talk . '
tr	11	Let us know when the stew 's ready . "
tr	10	I offer my life in exchange for that of my vessels . "
tr	11	The scene was obviously recorded after the meeting had come back from a break .
tr	6	In 1696 , Avery vanished , at least from all record books .
tr	8	He would have forgiven you , Alejandro . "
tr	7	John sat up in bed and rubbed the sleep from his eyes .
tr	11	He said he liked me broken in .
tr	8	" We really don 't have time for this .
tr	9	" Hey , smart-ass - I don 't recall - " " Let it go , Proof , " Misfit interrupted .
tr	9	Wes shook his head as he stared at his screen .
tr	11	In the meanwhile the messenger sent here was to kill you .
tr	7	Destro reached the man 's side and got down on one knee .
tr	7	In Crawley 's features he saw spent fury , and something else , something unreadable , maybe something insane .
tr	7	Finally , when the evening bell announced the dinner , she was once again aware of her surroundings .
tr	11	Won 't want to forget a minute of your stay . "
tr	5	" Of all the people alive today , I probably knew your father best . "
tr	9	But I 'm very glad to be home . "
tr	7	She gave him another angelic smile and tipped his chin up with one cool fingertip .
tr	11	" No , I mean what do we do now ? "
tr	6	I have my theories , but I don 't really know . "
tr	9	He 's going to be all right .
tr	6	A lot of us owe you our lives , quite literally sometimes . "
tr	10	" I will not have our family be associated with them . "
tr	11	To be caught lying about it was suicide .
tr	10	It made her want to scream .
tr	7	' You don 't act like Hunters . '
tr	8	Many of the angels even developed incredible abilities just like Dr. Cook predicated , including flight .
tr	6	The last known location of the Black Fossil was in Central Europe sometime .
tr	10	" Oh , I guess I should have said cartridge . "
tr	8	You would have been squashed , though . "
tr	6	She had a heavy accent - Greek , I thought - and she also had a hasty temper .
tr	9	Beyond the dock , a local merchant swept off the elevated wooden walkway in front of his General Store .
tr	10	" Try it and you 'll end up like Oskar .
tr	8	Her lip shook , and she visibly forced herself not to cry .
tr	8	Neil 's head spun at the thought of food .
tr	10	I 'd seen an opening , and we were going to seize it .
tr	6	The other man huffed along for a few moments before replying .
tr	7	Mr. Jackson had been a stable boy and Mrs. Jackson had been a maid .
tr	8	" Come on fellas , just cough up and let 's get out of here , " ordered Mark .
tr	7	Suspended in the air by powerful red glowing gravity tethers is a huge metal dragon .
tr	9	Who 'd said that recently ?
tr	10	He said , " Hope that 's a good thing ? "
tr	7	" You can put your arms down , lieutenant , " said Captain Green in a low voice .
tr	9	Glad to know he didn 't have an imagination either .
tr	11	He sat staring into the flames for a long while after he had finished building the fire up .
tr	9	Someone was seeking her with that unnatural gust of Air .
tr	9	I felt weird having actually cussed .
tr	6	After a moment , he asks , " So you got my messages ? "
tr	8	There is a letter code identifying each one , so the first is A and the last is Z .
tr	6	' If this single does well enough she 'll look good . '
tr	10	Chuck was about to stand , but Hank waved for him to stay seated .
tr	5	Past the hills , past Scranton , past the state line .
tr	5	After that , Jin 's day was a typical one .
tr	7	It 's worth more than our entire farm ! "
tr	6	' Wow , very clever , and very direct , ' thought Dan , smiling and learning .
tr	6	But the bright point of heat came closer still and then split and multiplied .
tr	10	It landed like a rock thrown thru the window , seemingly out of nowhere .
tr	11	The pumice knot is a growth found on sides of oak trees , caused by insect infestation .
tr	8	I passed by the room earlier and Arthur was sitting with Teddy .
tr	6	" I tell ya , I couldn 't find ' im . "
tr	10	" If I wanted to see it again , how could I view it ? "
tr	7	And what is that appalling smell - ' ' Du n no , ' said Spike .
tr	7	' There were hundreds of them . '
tr	11	screamed the ninja who ran past , on fire , trailing smoke and ash .
tr	9	" I think that at Lars , well his illness it is about gone . "
tr	9	" I am aware of your mode of transportation .
tr	5	" Aria , the great , the famous , the WHORE !
tr	10	" It sounds like you 're well on your way , " said Alfred , patting him on the arm .
tr	10	They knew deep down that it couldn 't have been anything else .
tr	6	" Looks like a valiant knight had left his guard down eh ? "
tr	7	I haven 't seen him since . "
tr	11	* * * * * Running a farm in the winds of the Loire leaves little time for worry .
tr	9	And in order to restore your family 's energy you will need to work very hard .
tr	9	She leaned up a little , easing the pressure on Bethany 's chest and neck .
tr	9	I want you to do something for me . "
tr	5	" A ventriloquist , " repeated Edwin , more slowly this time .
tr	10	They fixed their clubs and bows so they would not be in their way .
tr	8	" Because there 's a big prison ringed with oil wells pumping out his discovery this very minute . "
tr	8	The controller is the size of a fingernail and already been implanted in my lower neck .
tr	7	She squealed in surprise and caught the weapon , then looked sheepish at her clear inexperience with such an item .
tr	9	They 'd suspect something if I was dismissed .
tr	6	" Why do you do it ? "
tr	9	You 're the most amazing girl I 've ever met . "
tr	5	You understand ... Good , good .
tr	11	You don 't think we found the king that day without help , did you ?
tr	8	Besides , there are hardly any hostels near my sister 's house . "
tr	8	* * * Around 4am Danny woke ; the beer had migrated to his bladder .
tr	11	This was the first time I consciously felt being Polish .
tr	7	" Officers and crew , the Chancellor of Beltane , " Jason declares .
tr	7	Rick sat down with Abby and Jessica bracketing him .
tr	10	That was the only upside he could think of .
tr	8	His tanned form was roped with muscles and his shoulder length hair was a shining crown atop his head .
tr	10	The Palace was magnificent with its dazzling lights and exotic work of art .
tr	9	Kurt didn 't know , but decided it couldn 't hurt .
tr	10	The man plans to murder you today and impersonate you himself somehow .
tr	10	A leather loop hanging from each projection was there so a warrior could hang on and trot alongside .
tr	9	When Andy stepped through the doorway , he noticed something was partially blocking it .
tr	8	Ted pointed along the full length of the aircraft 's fuselage .
tr	5	' Sorry , that was a stupid question .
tr	7	Not taking his eyes off Peyton , my dad grabbed him by the arm .
tr	6	A few old skeletons and some piles of poisons and lots of traps , boss .
tr	11	" This is not a safe place to be wandering about anymore , David .
tr	7	He shot back , regaining his momentum .
tr	5	" Maybe next time , brother , " he said .
tr	10	The pilots were looking at Ryan as if he had totally lost it .
tr	7	Rand returned to Bron 's side .
tr	6	A farmer with a bright blue cap reversed on his head .
tr	10	Anything to dull the misery of working in this wretched rain-soaked country .
tr	8	" I am not putting a patch on my jeans .
tr	8	He had never knelt before a woman , let alone told anyone the story of his scar .
tr	8	Keira had put her name in almost immediately and her chances were very good .
tr	10	He was glad he 'd done it .
tr	9	" It was meant to kill me . "
tr	11	Asked Julie , who was watching from afar .
tr	9	His first move was so fast I barely blocked his blow .
tr	5	Then , at last , he saw a faint , distant light .
tr	7	He 's a man completely concerned with domination , control , and single-minded annihilation .
tr	10	" Will we have to fight ? "
tr	5	" Ready , " he said .
tr	8	" Well , all right then but let 's go there in invisible mode . "
tr	7	I eased open the umbrella and charged into the room with a war cry .
tr	8	He picked up the frame and slid the picture out , searching for a date .
tr	9	' The only reason we know its location is because Dimitri provided us with the exact geographic coordinates . '
tr	6	The sheer anger and snarl on his face froze the man in place .
tr	7	" Your friends seem a right craic , how long have you been travelling together ? "
tr	6	Okay , working with him might not be that bad .
tr	10	Satisfied he had control of the HS , he directed the unit to the front parking lot through the facility map .
tr	8	A glass wall rose behind and to our left , separating the inner lab from yet another chamber .
tr	10	It is when we celebrate the renewal of all things .
tr	10	" Probably not , but I 'll bet that serviceable boats pretty rare on the coast .
tr	10	I know you 're in there , girl !
tr	8	Soft backpressure on the elevator control put distance between the wheels and the ground .
tr	6	But , more importantly , why hadn 't Probe or the High Council or My Master told me about it ?
tr	10	She turned to look at him , and the Prince found himself drawn into her green eyes .
tr	11	We can use the Russian station to live in and at the same time preclude possible reentry damage .
tr	5	For the first time today , Savannah silently cursed the sunshine and warmth .
tr	10	We need seven cubes up there to make our space station self-sufficient .
tr	10	He landed nearly twenty feet away , dazed , at the foot of a pile of rocks .
tr	6	" Come here , Sky , give Auntie Claire a cuddle . "
tr	7	As Dr. Warner prepared paddles , Dr. Stadler scanned the young patient 's belly with ultrasound .
tr	7	" Ring at once , Virgil , do you hear ?
tr	6	Even back in the golden time , dragons vied for power against the different races .
tr	7	I looked over to Sheena , she had also ended her call .
tr	7	" I 'm Fiona , Mike 's big sister . "
tr	7	She turned towards him , put her face down on his chest and hugged him with her skinny arms .
tr	8	Her parents were fully occupied with Ruth , and Robert had gone back to Geneva .
tr	10	You could never guess who is here with me right now .
tr	8	I couldn 't handle losing my only friend .
tr	7	Not the panicked , frightened warbling from the warriors we had killed , but firm commands given by experienced soldiers .
tr	11	And he didn 't know that they were hidden in different places !
tr	7	It was the blood of a woman that he hated .
tr	9	The other Snake was a muted dusty color with scales of diamond patterns .
tr	8	I knew I loved him .
tr	10	There were two doors , fifty , fifty chance he thought and took the one on the left .
tr	11	We saw Versailles and have been caught up with the Fuchs ' brothers and the Faith ever since .
tr	7	Stepping out of the lavatories , I had another stroke of luck .
tr	6	She swung off the bed so quickly her hair flew around her shoulders .
tr	9	There were only few people who were dining .
tr	7	" If Peyton is our man , will we go to your dad or the French authorities ?
tr	11	Richard pointed to another poster ; another band they 'd not heard .
tr	9	" I didn 't want you to know , " Tori said .
tr	11	Michel saw there was one phrase written on the corroded surface .
tr	10	She turned to him mechanically , the tiniest of smiles gracing her lips .
tr	7	He shook his head and counted all the torches along the walls .
tr	8	He would spend the rest of the morning digging the trench for it .
tr	10	" Well , how long do you need ? "
tr	7	The big guy said , " Reckon anybody 's home ? "
tr	9	We cannot waste too much of today 's light .
tr	10	At the alarm , our first task was to spirit the king away to the secure room here .
tr	9	She grabbed the baby and ran toward the village , calling for help .
tr	11	I began to wish I hadn 't come .
tr	7	Logan protested but followed in my wake .
tr	8	" And you said there were cooks and waitresses ? "
tr	7	If she 's not here soon , I 'm calling her coach . "
tr	9	She saw her house and swing chair before it disappeared behind them .
tr	11	" A couple of things , Sir , " McCutcheon drifted down to float in front of the fleet commander .
tr	7	He said , " Don 't rightly know sir . "
tr	9	The greater part of those who survived had become infertile .
tr	10	The Prince assumed these were the colors of the Vale infantry .
tr	9	" Ha , " chuckled Avery , " I won 't fall for that !
tr	8	It had made him feel important and clever .
tr	10	I said , " Not me honey I married you strictly for your mind . "
tr	10	I turned my head slightly , keeping my face clear of the fumes filling the car .
tr	10	He was taking advantage of the nice weather , soaking up some sun , while he worked .
tr	7	If I were Alejo I would fight these guys ?
tr	6	She leaned forward , her expression stern and her eyes wide and fiery .
tr	8	Even though at times he 'd freak me out , I still loved my brother Eden .
tr	7	Tomas Godard leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes briefly .
tr	8	Donovan rubbed her arm lightly where he held her .
tr	6	Get your butt out here with your sleeping bag .
tr	5	More like a sickly sapling than a towering oak .
tr	11	I guess I was trying to brag .
tr	7	The tractor stopped and the tree fell on Mr. Turner .
tr	9	It took us many months to work through that little curveball . "
tr	7	His groin burned from kicks and he lost two teeth .
tr	10	I wonder what 's going on there ?
tr	10	Captain Matthews came in just then and Dane nodded to him .
tr	7	I sounded way more 007 than I felt .
tr	7	Straightening our clothes as best as possible , we strode through the car and exited onto the platform .
tr	8	Soon rewards started popping up , big ones .
tr	9	Reid and I left him standing forlornly by the table and followed the three men out of the room .
tr	5	In the colony all the birds were very busy .
tr	8	When Pierre barked the new orders on the upper deck the pirates were stunned .
tr	11	the older pirate raised his glass trying to incite the crowd around him .
tr	11	" What exactly do you think you are doing on my sofa ? "
tr	7	He spent a few years in an Indian Hindu ashram , and now lives in South India .
tr	10	" Don 't come near me , you sick , twisted monsters ! "
tr	7	Both Ben and William were visible in the display .
tr	7	The green of the trees blurred against the blue sky and the slight breeze moved my granny dress against my legs .
tr	7	Many of the numerous masts were missing , but a few torn sails still hung in the still sea .
tr	10	Halliday went from looking perturbed to perplexed .
tr	6	" No way , " he mumbles under his breath .
tr	7	To accentuate the point , Brian pointed to the diner 's door , his hand still visibly shaking .
tr	8	Taylor pulled the ring out of his pocket , still hiding it from Lilly Ann .
tr	10	And to think that they had just doubted him !
tr	8	" But the costs of building such a fleet would be ruinous . "
tr	6	" Yes you are , " he quickly retorts with a solemn nod .
tr	7	Everything was either a threat or not ; survival at all costs was its only concern .
tr	8	" Make your decision ; declare us victor or see this man 's life forfeit !
tr	5	Despite his bulging muscles and impressive fighting skills , Luc wasn 't stupid .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , David , " she said .
tr	7	' You know , ' Edward said , ' riches are first created in the mind . '
tr	10	You seem to know a lot about them . "
tr	11	" Some big money to be made in Japan , then , " chimed in Jon .
tr	8	The thing I swore I never would consider .
tr	9	She had to be always prepared .
tr	7	" Our friends over at Fort Meade picked up an intercept between two CIA agents .
tr	7	At the far end , the carved wooden doors to the ballroom stood open , as they usually did .
tr	5	" No you couldn 't , or no you wouldn 't ? "
tr	8	" They 're all there , " David said , getting up and picking up his blanket .
tr	8	" If it 's wearing a skull mask , kill it .
tr	8	" Yes it is , but I 'll leave it on charge overnight .
tr	10	Remember what they did to Clark 's brother ?
tr	8	But people seemed to love it .
tr	8	After a close brush with death , the human mind often turns itself to the preservation of the species .
tr	8	This tunnel leads to one of them .
tr	9	And with that he gave the " priest " a friendly slap on the back .
tr	6	" Get out , " he yelled into the phone .
tr	11	" Do you know where we 're going ? "
tr	10	Two days later , he found himself leaning against a pillar inside of the great cathedral .
tr	7	I mean really looked at me .
tr	9	He shut the door and ran around to the front of the vehicle .
tr	7	" You 're going with Billy Grey ? "
tr	9	We 're not ready to share this information yet .
tr	7	' Still feeling fragile from last night and maybe a touch of motion sickness . '
tr	7	But the shapeshifter was accustomed to pain .
tr	8	He 'd had no outside human contact in over a year either .
tr	5	" James - " " I know , " he mumbled .
tr	7	To top it off , he just looks so damn calm and cool .
tr	9	It felt good to be outside .
tr	7	So what could I do for you ?
tr	9	His gesture at the creek was an unnecessary underlining of the reason for stopping .
tr	9	" The shadow is falling over me , Brand ... there isn 't hope for me . "
tr	5	" Coach Hixon prevented this one the same day the attacker confronted Emma .
tr	5	Startled , the Arab leader , Ali , looked around .
tr	5	No , he realized , her reactions were too genuine .
tr	11	Do you know where he is ? "
tr	6	Well , it was better than nothing .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	11	" You mean you want us to kill him ? "
tr	8	Mom , I will especially be waiting for your good cooking . "
tr	7	The big man paused and a grimace passed over his face .
tr	10	Let 's discuss how this breakthrough came about .
tr	5	Their limbs were bloodied and sore , scratched and torn .
tr	8	The two crewmembers will live aboard in her cockpit and her second supply compartment .
tr	10	The garden , for that was where he was , gave the effect of color , shade and great beauty .
tr	10	Ben pointed out as he looked outward into the forest .
tr	6	Then , ever so lightly , he drew a circle around it with his index finger .
tr	10	What do want to eat tonight ?
tr	9	Cards fluttered only to settle on the wooden floorboards .
tr	11	The main gist seemed to be glory and praise to Allah , and at the end she heard something about Satan .
tr	9	I took Connie 's nightgown in my bloody hands put it to my face .
tr	6	He pointed again to the forest floor .
tr	5	" Sir , is that even legal ? "
tr	11	He wondered a little at his master , at the eager pace at which he was pursuing his present course .
tr	10	" Prophecies don 't throw lances , but I admit I was thinking the same thing .
tr	11	I held the door and said goodbye , ignoring the increased pulse thrumming through my veins .
tr	11	Rafe moved his hand so that it rested against the hilt of his sword .
tr	9	nobody in without checking with the house first . "
tr	8	" I have considered the offer for your second deliverable .
tr	10	Brick paused while he tried to think .
tr	10	Many of their programs had been cast adrift in the aftermath of the attack .
tr	6	Spoiled , rich , a symbol of the old Monarchy , a Kendrick ... a vegetarian .
tr	11	I wanted to apologize for not asking more questions , for not insisting she tell me about her life .
tr	10	Taylor DNA became a trademark throughout the Western hemisphere for superior breeding stock of all kinds of farm animals and vegetables .
tr	11	Eventually a consultation was convened composed of representatives from the colonies .
tr	6	Your cell phone was there as well , but the battery 's dead . "
tr	11	History had taught Mark that staying with Jon would be anything but serene or restful .
tr	10	The onslaught becomes endless , every instant the boy isn 't attacking becoming Mai 's window of opportunity .
tr	9	Eventually I let myself drift off to sleep .
tr	5	" Yeah , " a fourth voice , the other woman , chimed in .
tr	7	As Ethan approached the large squat building , the guards stood aside and opened the door for him .
tr	10	The men were allowed to continue in confused disarray .
tr	8	" Pleased to meet you !
tr	8	His leap from the roof took him about as far as Ted 's had last year .
tr	9	Just a hair shy of six feet tall , she nearly looked Rick in the eyes now .
tr	7	There was a noise behind us .
tr	10	Byron palmed the chit , and slipped it into a pocket , not saying a word .
tr	9	" Then it 's been nice knowing you . "
tr	9	He tugged at the strand of my hair , nudging me to answer .
tr	8	Joseph tapped one finger lightly against the side of his nose .
tr	6	I stay at his shoulder .
tr	11	Brody was about to agree when Sadie interrupted .
tr	11	Toby was belly laughing now , causing the sensors in his accelerometer suit to spike .
tr	9	" Would you climb into one of those things ? "
tr	8	Their orange bodies make quick laps around the bowl with thoughtless determination .
tr	7	Nod your head if you understand . "
tr	6	The leather , laces , and the smell of shoes and dirt and grass .
tr	8	" Well this is no time for daydreaming , let 's go ! "
tr	9	Rafe heaved a large sigh and cautiously made his way toward the huge animal that Finan was astride .
tr	10	There was little room and the horses had to traverse its length in single file .
tr	10	" That 's why we had so many men in the crowd today . "
tr	6	Further south , along Signal Mountain , Dr. Phineas Morgan stood on his wooden deck .
tr	10	I thought she ought to know .
tr	7	They were going at a good speed .
tr	8	He stepped closer to her , letting his shirt drop to the ground .
tr	8	Recent building activity had enlarged the enemy complex by four hundred percent .
tr	8	A behemoth of a man named Macro stepped out .
tr	10	It was unlike anything I have ever seen . "
tr	8	A group of balding men walked in wearing trench coats .
tr	10	Towards nightfall we descended down the other side of the pass .
tr	8	" That is due to you , Neil .
tr	10	Turning her head to determine the distance , the first of Mai 's features are revealed to the boy .
tr	10	Women and children started to run from the palisade and into the woods .
tr	8	A face peering over the parapet of the glass and brick structure .
tr	10	Before this school semester had begun , his counselor had gone on and on about the importance of diversity .
tr	8	They hadn 't seen anybody now for nearly three weeks .
tr	8	It was your distinct addition in the first place , " " Curses ! "
tr	9	Course , he knew the storm wasn 't helping anything .
tr	6	I build this house and went here and there every now and then .
tr	7	" Our first flight into lower orbit will be soon after our first flight test .
tr	5	You , Rhys , Galen , Frost , and who ? "
tr	8	It was good to see .
tr	7	An artist who sells black canvases . "
tr	9	Lord Rafe will not demand their safe return of you surely in a situation such as this ? "
tr	10	Her brother was safe and she kissed him all over the face as renewed tears rolled from her eyes .
tr	9	The hunter clung to the vine as the treetops shook with the bear 's pull .
tr	10	Yer never said when ye 'd be back eh . '
tr	9	It 's dangerous , isn 't it ? "
tr	8	The dragon ornament at the head of the bow even contained large kerosene lamps for the added effect of fire-breathing .
tr	9	I want to talk to Gail .
tr	8	This was despite many assurances from Sampson .
tr	8	" Now we 're ready , " he posed comically , holding the oversized knife out like a sword .
tr	8	" I could take you down to the sea every afternoon , if you like . "
tr	6	Apparently it 's very old , originated in the fifth or sixth century .
tr	8	He hooked the drawstring on the blue microfiber pouch in his pocket , pulling it out and letting it dangle enticingly .
tr	9	They 'd all subsequently signed to major labels for marketing and distribution .
tr	7	They changed their course from dead south to due east several miles from the border .
tr	9	We 're going to save Hyrule . "
tr	8	The last time he 'd awakened ... was it really the last time ?
tr	8	" The new staff will board from Dock One , " Valeria states , changing the subject .
tr	8	Soon he had everything ready except the fire .
tr	9	Ted glanced up from organizing some foodstuffs for their journey .
tr	11	Alejo slid into a chair across the table from Tabor , where an empty place setting seemed to be waiting .
tr	5	Lots of pink among the girls .
tr	10	" Oh yeah , Vampires are much more valued than we are .
tr	11	Is this the way they used to do it ?
tr	10	The first to arrive was David and his girlfriend Pauline , they 'd been staying at the Green Dragon in Hereford .
tr	6	Moments later , another head appeared beside the dog 's .
tr	6	His burning touches on my arm and the gentle whisper of his lips on my skin .
tr	7	" I would like that , " and closed her eyes for a second .
tr	10	Without thinking , I said the first thing that popped into my head .
tr	11	I can see why my mum gave it to you like she did .
tr	11	The party had separated after they had killed a buck and a wild hog .
tr	8	You can feel the stuff all around you but it doesn 't stop you from falling .
tr	11	I 'm sure she 'll fit in fine . "
tr	7	Furthermore , and most frustrating , Miss Cantwell had called her ' the little girl ' .
tr	6	Kay has two goals , " Christy cheerfully announced .
tr	8	" Just watch out for my brother 's crow , " she warned .
tr	8	After sitting and thinking for several minutes he turned the Land Rover around and headed back towards Hereford .
tr	8	He dismounted , ran over to the frozen woman , and slammed the bit of his axe into her skull .
tr	8	" We always have choices , Dr. Harland , and you have had many choices throughout our negotiations thus far .
tr	9	My imagination had landed me in several sticky situations in the past .
tr	7	Her hair was gathered back in a single braid down her back .
tr	8	He already has his staff working on a training plan . "
tr	6	The environment is the shadow , the individual is the body ; and the shadow always follows the body .
tr	11	Probably he wanted to tell me about his illness , not knowing that I already knew about it .
tr	7	David yawned and sat up beside his wife .
tr	11	What she had done to displease him they could only guess .
tr	10	I felt like saying ' bully for you ' .
tr	8	That was the love she sought .
tr	10	Claire observed his profile as his eyes never ceased watching Sky .
tr	6	Like her husband and children , she wore the same sexless leather pants , boots and shirt .
tr	6	" Should be , " said Andy fishing through his bag .
tr	5	" Like the children that they will always be . "
tr	8	Victor said to Reid presently .
tr	9	He started up the path toward the Spruce trees but stopped when he neared the top .
tr	8	She heard screams , watched a man 's severed fingers arc through the air .
tr	9	He wouldn 't be late for this , would he ?
tr	9	Not with those cold eyes couched in such a quiet , intense face .
tr	7	Riki looked at him and cackled loudly .
tr	9	Lots of bikers come in to get new ink down the tattoo parlor .
tr	11	Worth the effort of trying to help . '
tr	10	When people started showing up at the camp , he began to walk over each day and treat their medical issues .
tr	6	But like always , Jimmy reluctantly followed Josie 's lead .
tr	7	And the only other person in the building was Bay , probably snoring his empty head off already .
tr	6	Probably the largest factor in this Alliance home -- at least for her -- was the carriage house out back .
tr	8	" Stand aside or die , " I said to it as I drew my blade .
tr	6	' The goose was good , ' said the Duck Man , picking his teeth .
tr	11	She shouts , grabbing hold of the boy 's glowing palm and whisking him over the wall of debris .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	10	They couldn 't see very far ahead because the road would either dip or turn .
tr	9	High and mighty , she looked down at me as if I am beneath her .
tr	6	" Mercy , " he groaned ; and then , " Lord , why not me ? "
tr	8	He reached out and put a comforting hand on Adam 's shoulder .
tr	9	The witch made spheres of water that dragged Sofia inside .
tr	8	The men with him stopped , tense as coiled springs .
tr	11	Shaking away the irrelevant thought Claire looked around for somewhere to sit down .
tr	6	She smiled at the thought .
tr	8	The wind was less harsh than before but , it still was knocking them over .
tr	5	The Council , really , had no powers at all .
tr	6	" Keep it down , " Gabe says .
tr	10	It was Raven , coming to join the fight .
tr	9	Now , she only hoped it was worse than the fables .
tr	9	" Sure , it 's impossible to describe the way .
tr	5	One priest , barely a man ; one orphan , merely a girl .
tr	7	Anyway , the guy couldn 't live forever , could he ?
tr	8	He left flaming handprints on everything he touched .
tr	7	Speaking of ... hey , look ! "
tr	6	In the noisy room , no one heard , and I just barely swallowed a gasp .
tr	7	" Two pots of boiling water , distilled or grain alcohol , soap , and clean dressings , " David replied .
tr	11	He set off determined to find out Bolt 's secret .
tr	9	" You have to wear a hard hat , John .
tr	9	Somehow the man slipped through the night and crossed , as His Majesty 's spies reported , into Austria .
tr	8	Maybe we can go learn together . "
tr	7	But cool won 't help you against Bigfoot .
tr	8	Fifty feet ahead and to the left , an elderly gentleman was locking the door of his Volvo estate .
tr	9	" Only one set of tire tracks and a scattering of footprints just outside the cave entrance .
tr	10	As he clung to the back of the pot he heard the rough laughter of two men .
tr	7	" Will that help ? "
tr	11	Do you want to see ? "
tr	9	Miriam choked into her napkin and was reprimanded by Theodosia , but Neil didn 't let up the attack .
tr	9	My voice is shrill enough to check his steps .
tr	9	More things to add to the already confusing puzzle in her mind and heart .
tr	9	This spring there would not be much hunting and fishing for Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle .
tr	9	I suspect they and the drivers are from the other side of the border .
tr	9	He just shrugged after Sarah commented positively on his spiral .
tr	6	Are those my shoes ? "
tr	6	" Of course we do , " the young girl said impatiently .
tr	9	The second door swings open and the gush of water increases before leveling off .
tr	8	Jimmy bounded over to the group with a giant smile on his face .
tr	8	Then , very carefully taking the bandages in his hands pulled them apart where the blood had dried .
tr	10	" What I don 't understand is how you could turn on me like that !
tr	8	They moved on and saw more of the same .
tr	10	" Besides , Germany is supposed to be beautiful , " Jacob added .
tr	7	I stirred at the news , rustling Jacob and Logan as well .
tr	7	The boys are in a boarding school , so it hasn 't been a big deal .
tr	10	Each had a large letter painted in silver above the frame .
tr	7	She looked away from Mac and communicated with the other three people in the room .
tr	7	He fell backwards with a dull thud .
tr	8	He placed his hand on the lid , his curiosity raging .
tr	10	We 're very lucky to have seen it .
tr	9	" My cover story , " he said to himself as he left a few crumbs around the bread drawer .
tr	6	" Gabe , I 'm sorry , " I say .
tr	7	He fought against the men holding his arms .
tr	8	" Once the bombardment lets up , we 'll roll through them and clear the site . "
tr	10	The origin was unknown but , they found out where the ghostly sound came from soon enough .
tr	9	" Thank you for seeing us , sir , " Amanda responded for the both of them .
tr	9	The Oasis Shaykh , God shelter his soul , taught -- " " Keep your heretical interpretations to yourself ! "
tr	11	We 'll keep you informed as this story unfolds .
tr	11	There are over a dozen gorges to see here at Katherine 's Gorge .
tr	11	" I 'm just messing with you a bit is all . "
tr	6	" You do okay , " Jason says with a smile .
tr	8	He was impressed with my style though and patted me on the back .
tr	8	" I suppose no men do ; not Harald and not you . "
tr	10	Most everybody on the Rump came to this church , regardless of what religion they might be .
tr	6	" Nothing , only much to lose . "
tr	9	If I tried , I could find a connection between chocolate peanut butter ice cream and Spy Games .
tr	6	Now in shorts , a casual t-shirt , and deck shoes , he walked to the cappuccino machine in his office .
tr	7	He passed Robbie a small package .
tr	5	Gabe 's eyes get big .
tr	10	The girl at the other end of the chain on his wrist was now ignoring them both , or pretending to .
tr	6	" Got it , " he murmurs to himself .
tr	9	That would give him the time he needed .
tr	8	" You will see my appreciation at sunrise , " he concludes , entering the throne room without them .
tr	11	" Once you 're done shoveling all the snow off the course , we 'll begin . "
tr	11	Andy stared out the window thinking about how to research the Talisman .
tr	10	The garden faded , withering and yellowing without constant support from its creator .
tr	9	The vacuum of light is too much for Midna to resist , while the dark portal immediately lays claim to Zelda .
tr	8	That 's where my plan went wrong .
tr	8	Sykes jes wanted to run him through .
tr	10	I was painfully aware that people all around me might have seen my face .
tr	9	However , we shouldn 't waste such useful information to simply lure him away .
tr	9	" I don 't care what your name is , " Sarah said .
tr	8	Bring it up here and we will use it for cover . "
tr	11	The only way was to make a dash for the forest , and hope .
tr	8	Together they hiked along the hillside in silence , reaching the truck in record time .
tr	6	I nodded like the dutiful daughter .
tr	10	" Well , that 's what they 're calling it now , " said Harold .
tr	7	Anna looked at me with a puzzled frown and slowly rose from her seat .
tr	6	" A single mitten is enough , " Ziggy explained , " but wearing everything clarifies the signal . "
tr	9	But cheap hostels didn 't ask for copies of your ID .
tr	6	" That was me , " I add .
tr	7	For some reason , even after six months , this was still the chore most demanding of her spirit .
tr	10	Shaking off feelings she couldn 't process , Claire said quietly " My sister has a brain tumour .
tr	7	All the way across the Great Sea , and a clumsy old woman wastes it making a mess . "
tr	6	The murmur of many voices encircled them , loud but indistinct .
tr	8	A couple of feet above , half a dozen shocked passengers gaped open-mouthed through the windows while I pulled away .
tr	6	Eventually the tears ceased and life once more penetrated the tight group .
tr	10	Buy a Pontiac you 're going get a Chevrolet engine , don 't like it , tough .
tr	6	Rafe paused , momentarily knocked off balance .
tr	9	" So you 're saying that it 's ... " " It 's the military . "
tr	8	" You are very special to me as well , Lisa Everett , " Red replies .
tr	9	You are one to talk .
tr	10	They came here to be with her and her new family .
tr	6	" Something like that , " Mark said .
tr	11	" Here , help me , " he said as they pushed it into the corner of the room .
tr	9	Then he stepped into a pair of shoes , and walked toward the exit .
tr	9	He turned around , looked into Donato 's eyes , and asked , " Where did he go missing ?
tr	7	" Report in to where ? "
tr	7	" Oh , " Adele removed her hand flustered .
tr	10	Was this Katarina Fox 's doing or what ?
tr	7	I was , am , glad for his company .
tr	8	He looked the manager in the eye before laying down the law .
tr	9	He sat leaning on the door and watched two more droplets race down to the bottom of the window .
tr	6	The howl of a wolf rose slowly over the valley .
tr	9	With a dry mouth , Claire watched the driver climb down and walk over to the car .
tr	10	" Finan ... Finan ... " Adele tested the name , rolling it around her mouth with a frown of concentration .
tr	5	" Gun shows are regulated . "
tr	9	He looked at the glow of the radio clock on the bedside table ... almost four in the morning .
tr	7	Only the bartender glanced up from his Us magazine and smiled .
tr	10	It 's my back that 's killing me . "
tr	8	Anyway , it looked like the deliberations were almost over .
tr	7	The races all swore fealty to the King , and in the end , it cost them all dearly .
tr	6	Chapter 8 We wait in silence .
tr	6	I turned and faced him .
tr	7	' She watched me fight Thorne . '
tr	11	Josie slid over , next to Jimmy , who was driving .
tr	10	Why wasn 't he being forthcoming ?
tr	10	" Amber knew to run if anything happened .
tr	6	Red and his partner both shoulder their rifles , take aim and growl menacingly .
tr	10	There was a harsh cracking noise as the little girl 's head fell off and rolled onto the floor .
tr	6	Always searching for new hunts .
tr	9	Therefore he decided to make a stand at the hub section .
tr	7	Raine looked grave for a moment , and then gave me his big , open smile .
tr	9	Nicola was satisfied with the final setup of his apartments and tunnels .
tr	6	The crowbar in my backpack jabbed into my spine .
tr	9	The people will rally to find us . "
tr	9	I do all of this mainly for my own benefit . "
tr	10	But for now let 's get to the space ship , " the Angel informed them .
tr	6	" I know , " the metallic mutt admitted in a similar hushed tone .
tr	7	A breeze rippled playfully on the water 's surface .
tr	11	Do you want to trade ? "
tr	8	She pushed several strands of black hair out of her face as she did so .
tr	5	" What is your name ? "
tr	11	He had to try to stay sober .
tr	6	The kiss was light and languid ; we felt each other , we absorbed each other , we learned each other .
tr	8	We 'll get locked up for sure . "
tr	7	I am finished with this life .
tr	9	They could have stopped at Santiago or continued to the Mediterranean Sea . "
tr	8	" Did you know that he drowns baby kittens ? "
tr	11	He would contact his Mother and he would return , triumphant , having passed the test and proved himself worthy .
tr	6	Sidney shot a glance at her brother .
tr	6	His dark metallic human-like torso glints dully from the bright ceiling lights .
tr	5	The embodiment of the beauty , mystery and pathos of our little Ireland .
tr	11	My adrenaline lasted minutes after they were already sprawled out on the ground bleeding or dead .
tr	5	" Is this heaven ? "
tr	5	" Just the television news and the London Times , " Drummond said .
tr	5	At this point , higher brain functions are significantly diminished .
tr	7	" Yes , except it is even more insidious than that foul poison . "
tr	7	Of course they would whisper , and I could never catch much .
tr	9	In the weeks since our coup , Jacob had dropped hint after hint about our actions in the tower .
tr	6	" Paul , I was just ... " But Brent was cut-off a second time .
tr	9	If we let you go , that causes some major problems for us .
tr	8	That 's what 's important . "
tr	9	" Whatever Allah has for me might even be good . "
tr	8	An ' fer that , an ' only that , I do apologize . "
tr	10	I ached for him as he cleared his throat and pressed onward .
tr	7	" I wouldn 't expect you to , " responded Drake .
tr	9	The Prince , nerves considerably on edge after his imprisonment , responded so viciously he was nearly snarling .
tr	7	" Why are you saying this , Damian ? "
tr	6	The Weeping Madonna The smell of herbs and leather followed Steve on the way to the market .
tr	9	" So you 're not gon na fight back ? "
tr	9	Do you want one ? "
tr	9	He snapped them open after an instant .
tr	8	giggled the Angel and all three of them burst into peals of laughter .
tr	9	In our business we have to be tough but more importantly we have to be consistent .
tr	8	Get hence before I slay you ! "
tr	5	" For the record , I never used the term low-rent . "
tr	5	His name was Abraham . "
tr	11	Her desperate eyes told Bax all he needed to know .
tr	10	Allow me to attempt to explain .
tr	9	He responded by lifting my chin with his finger .
tr	7	Darkness outside the underpass grew thicker by the moment and here , under the road above , was becoming nearly impenetrable .
tr	6	" The woman held an empty ceramic flask , its contents long since dried and evaporated into aether .
tr	11	That was seven times better than he had ever dared to dream .
tr	8	It was a picturesque combination of trees , rolling hills and fertile farmland .
tr	8	" I want to go home . "
tr	6	I opened the knapsack and emptied out my only remaining apple .
tr	9	" Done Theo , " Valiant said , effortlessly picking Miriam up and putting her in a chair .
tr	6	In the kitchen a cluster of small pine tables waited patiently for the next meal time .
tr	10	Why does that pack look like its still got something in it ? "
tr	8	Rapidly locking onto the unfortunate duo , the creatures begin to encircle them .
tr	7	With my new sight , the cuts showed so much more detail , and my skin had rugged little squiggle lines .
tr	9	You know how I feel about them . "
tr	8	" He 's a product of the Empire , " she said .
tr	7	They just exhibit severely progressed expression of innate human potential . "
tr	11	Even when trying to hide in doorways , his stomach would stick out and give us away .
tr	7	One word from a drunken pupil and the Faith would descend on us like vultures .
tr	8	Law of Attraction brings us whatever we direct our attention to .
tr	10	" I don 't remember ever seeing this kind of material before . "
tr	9	" I think so , " Miriam replied , taking another long slurp of tea .
tr	10	The pirate followed the man into an adjoining chamber , already beginning to limp slightly .
tr	10	So am I right to assume we don 't know where we are going ? "
tr	8	like I said a traditionalist .
tr	8	Sami felt his feet slap across the hot , soiled square in slow motion .
tr	8	They 'll have given up by now . "
tr	5	" Four , they aren 't the only ones , out . "
tr	8	It is something about her appearance he dislikes .
tr	9	Riki was disappointed with his matter-of-fact acceptance of her story .
tr	10	He growled , yanking at the laces of her dress .
tr	10	" They must have put the rest of our company twenty clicks south with the rest of 12 MEF .
tr	6	" Right , you lot , " she said , her voice firm and carrying .
tr	7	I flushed self-consciously and glanced out of the window .
tr	8	If the guys from my team would come here , no one has got our ID .
tr	6	Each breath sounded like a freight train in my ears .
tr	6	I was in Malaya and Borneo .
tr	9	There 's been no activity here , not even the hint of a whispered breath .
tr	6	" He 's already here , Dave , Terry picked him up this evening .
tr	11	He could feel panic rising from the pit of his stomach .
tr	5	" Well , in some cases , the pregnancies were purely accidental .
tr	8	A small piano wedged in the corner had music for the theme song from Harry Potter on the top .
tr	11	Taken completely off guard , Rift finds himself unable to react in time .
tr	6	Then like a helicopter , the jet fighter lowered itself down onto the deck .
tr	10	' In fact , as Head of Counter Terrorism , I don 't even need their approval to arrest you . '
tr	6	And for that matter , the great stone cathedrals of Europe also faced their front doors to the east .
tr	7	" Yeah , I know what you mean . "
tr	9	Should that not have been your priority , as leader of our people ?
tr	9	I am curious to try this place .
tr	6	But why should he even do that ?
tr	8	maybe we can get a couple of part timers for the heavier work during the day , any questions , no ?
tr	10	" I 'm pretty sure these 'll fit you .
tr	10	All I had to do was click on it .
tr	11	The task of taking back the ring from the powers of darkness seemed impossible .
tr	7	Atticus 's rope couldn 't hold on any longer and gave way .
tr	11	Ellen moved to stand in front of him .
tr	11	From where I sat I could see her feet were raw once again and I turned my back .
tr	10	She asked to be left alone and spent the rest of the day closed up in her office .
tr	7	Anna opened the canister and carefully removed a slim vial from it .
tr	8	What 's going on there ? "
tr	8	It was Chase looking down at her with his blue eyes , concerned .
tr	7	I walked up to Mr. Show Off -- the ring leader .
tr	10	She had tried to question her captors but they hadn 't even opened their mouths .
tr	6	I stumbled through the streets for home .
tr	7	Back to Table of Contents Chapter Nine February 2 , Morning Angelique woke up the next morning and stretched .
tr	8	" When would be convenient for you ? "
tr	8	In all the rush I truly hadn 't been underwater that long , and my breath continued strong .
tr	11	Why was he asking questions , which he could easily answer himself ?
tr	10	Even though the cup was empty he continued to put the straw in his mouth .
tr	7	Immediately , Gray strode over to Frankie and removed his gag and blindfold .
tr	8	His words carried more force this time and the enemy 's tone showed the first cracks of defeat .
tr	5	" Unauthorized Vessel , this is Terran Defense Ship Fearless .
tr	6	By the time their bodies struck the forest floor , we were already running .
tr	7	Once you have finished , we must be off .
tr	10	How much time does it take to put all these people in position ?
tr	6	She turned back to the bunker .
tr	7	" That wouldn 't be fair , would it ? "
tr	7	The house is large , but they won 't expect you .
tr	6	" Our violence was a wrestler 's brawl -- all shoving and grappling .
tr	11	They managed to escape without anyone seeing them .
tr	9	He got what he came for , but this defeat will not rest easy on his mind .
tr	11	We will start our story back when you were studying at the institute . "
tr	7	Fun and joy , all the rest is just a means to that end . "
tr	9	Tell us what 's going on . "
tr	9	He turned and walked out the door giving a long look to the dead body at Harold 's side .
tr	7	Noah was frozen in place .
tr	11	I believed ghosts were for Halloween and campfire stories , " she said quietly .
tr	10	His keen eyes noted intricate knots tied at the end of each .
tr	5	" The same way we originally planned .
tr	11	" Nor do you wish to become one .
tr	6	The fully grown tapir is a fearsome creature , despite its peculiar appearance .
tr	5	In fact , you , my intriguing Della , are absolutely electrifying . "
tr	11	I was no longer able to talk because of the fright and of the unstoppable crying .
tr	6	His small clip-on mike amplified his voice perfectly , as always , in the vast crowded church .
tr	11	I was surprised to see him carrying his pet Lily .
tr	5	" Yeah , that it is , " he replied solemnly .
tr	8	I collapsed to the ground and crept forward , painful inch by painful inch .
tr	10	Josie slid in next to Mark - much to Jimmy 's dismay .
tr	10	" Let 's go across the beach towards the dock .
tr	9	" You should have stayed where you were .
tr	11	Ted dismissed the notion as though it was the most preposterous thing he 'd ever heard .
tr	10	We have no real idea even which one of us they were after for sure .
tr	9	With a bit of luck they will look after you and be a great source of information .
tr	5	A few years ago I had visions .
tr	11	That 's all I need to know . "
tr	10	Now , things had come full circle , no further than when he had left .
tr	5	' Miyamoto Musashi was an excellent swords master . '
tr	5	Great goodness , would it always be thus ?
tr	7	" As a loan , " the Master Banker said , " I can do more rewarding things with my resources .
tr	7	My eyes flicked over to Malcolm 's .
tr	7	She raised a hand palm out towards her husband and mouthed faintly , " Wait . "
tr	7	Jolie stopped blabbing , his words dried up .
tr	7	I shot him a look , but he didn 't stop .
tr	10	Nobody knew me and I was the only one fully dressed .
tr	11	It 's what we 're supposed to do . "
tr	9	It began to light up and beep .
tr	6	" Just take me to the computer , please . "
tr	8	" Don 't be afraid , just jump and we 'll have great fun ! "
tr	9	Leaning against the kitchen counter she threw two plastic ties into his lap .
tr	5	During the brief , disorienting instant , Jonas 's hand had never paused .
tr	10	" It looks like we have plenty in common . "
tr	11	All heads immediately turned to examine his , one they had seen constantly over these past few days .
tr	10	The manager had already gone back to looking at the video .
tr	5	" That 's real good . "
tr	5	For now though , bone marrow will suffice .
tr	9	A student with the build of a linebacker stood and smiled at Tarleton .
tr	8	But the longer he stood there , it started to seem familiar .
tr	6	" Very well ; is that all ? "
tr	5	" Yes well , you 're welcome .
tr	11	Come one come all see the defeat of the marvelous Kingston !
tr	6	Hi there Robbie , at last a friendly face .
tr	8	Even now when everything was clear she remained closed and secretive .
tr	8	" So , will I answer to Signor Beppe or to you ? "
tr	11	" Let 's hope this isn 't their last visit . "
tr	8	The boy threatens to strike a young girl .
tr	6	" An interesting feat if the organism remains stable .
tr	11	I needed to know she was okay .
tr	9	She held her hands in front of her eyes and turned her back to Taylor .
tr	8	" Give me a few minutes and I 'll get back to you . "
tr	8	I never understood why you and Stuart quit our business partnership .
tr	6	We only have a week , remember ? "
tr	6	My shoulders , my shoulder blades , my upper arms , the curve of my elbow , my ribs .
tr	11	Do you know where it is ? "
tr	7	" Those weren 't the old people , they had guns , I saw ' em , " Mike replied .
tr	8	When Sarah and Chris arrived at the pen , the two leaned on the fence and stared across at them .
tr	10	" Young man , your biggest worry is that he will approach you without any warning .
tr	7	Aries acknowledged quickly , " Good !
tr	10	Rags only partly covered her gaunt frame , revealing half-naked limbs strangely unnatural in appearance .
tr	8	" Hi , I 'm Bob Simpson and this is Steve , Melissa , and Johnny . "
tr	6	One way or the other , this conflict would be over .
tr	5	Those are old-fashioned riding pants .
tr	7	The official Extravaganza sign-up was taped to the front counter .
tr	8	We are coming round , I need to get her down quickly ! "
tr	7	Alejo exhaled and leaned his head back into the seat .
tr	9	Above him , the other man had dismounted , his sword waiting for the slightest opportunity .
tr	6	No , Johnny , we didn 't , it ' d never come up before . "
tr	10	He killed the engine , but remained in the driver 's seat , lost in thought .
tr	8	" I can 't show you or we 'll both be in the dungeon .
tr	11	She realised the nurse was waiting for an answer , and gave a weak nod .
tr	7	Its street value on earth was more than the peoples ' average weekly salary .
tr	9	" I 've never met finer hosts ; have you , Valiant ? "
tr	9	" Okay , then why do we still feel pleasure at times ? "
tr	8	It didn 't work out too well for us the last time . "
tr	8	As he walked to his grand cabin Roberto was deep in thought .
tr	8	She hid it in her pocket and let go her hair from her ponytail .
tr	7	" Let 's see the stables . "
tr	8	" That 's what I meant , " Mana replied .
tr	7	" Longer than anyone can remember , " Tom replied casually .
tr	10	Of course , I don 't know yet that we have a bomb here .
tr	11	I guess you could say they work rather well .
tr	10	They were both hurt , but neither knew how bad the injuries were for the other party .
tr	8	" We have to try at least . "
tr	9	The second sneeze felt even more liberating and made her feel lightheaded .
tr	10	We 'll be starting intensive classes when we get back .
tr	10	A brilliant orange fireball enveloped the lead tank and the surrounding infantry were flattened by the blast .
tr	11	" Did you ever think she was misinformed ?
tr	6	" How do we cook ' em ? "
tr	9	Or easy to work out .
tr	10	It was too early to show up at school .
tr	11	She laughed and said , ' Don 't worry you 're in safe hands .
tr	10	Anderson set his jaw and leaned across the table towards the man , " We 're telling you now .
tr	10	At least this is what the Angel had explained to the cousins .
tr	7	After a long , shocked silence the hall began to clear .
tr	9	I felt the wave of the avalanche dissipate and I looked up to investigate my predicament .
tr	9	Alfred will be in the best hands possible when Ben gets there .
tr	5	I 'm not just some major anymore . "
tr	11	Seth still marveled at the fact he 'd come alone .
tr	5	A hundred and three people now called the Scorpion canyon ranger station home .
tr	9	Best to start on a full stomach , don 't you think ? "
tr	5	" Why can 't we win ? "
tr	8	Apparently the Baroness was abducted and Laird Destro has pursued her into this complex .
tr	11	Suddenly both girls froze as they heard a rustling in the underbrush twenty or thirty feet below them .
tr	5	The boy whistled , " that is a tall order . "
tr	5	" No , but your olfactory glands , like everything else , are more sensitive .
tr	10	I can 't promise to return her to you .
tr	11	She moved to where he lay and sat next to him .
tr	8	Even when everything around him appeared calm , his priorities could change in a heartbeat .
tr	6	" Remember , " the Master Banker cautioned , " we 're bankers here , not dreamers . "
tr	9	Sarah asked as they sat down in a circle .
tr	10	To the sides bright lights shone from what looked like umbrellas .
tr	8	" We have to get back , Kay .
tr	6	" It 's Travis Jackson , " she said , " and he 's not alone . "
tr	6	Courtney Cole 28 With My Last Breath , Book Three " That is the problem , " I muttered .
tr	11	" I am always at the service of such great beauties as you two .
tr	5	Then , like lightning , his muzzle flashed and lit up the surrounding tree line .
tr	9	As soon as the cousins got on to the raft it became invisible .
tr	9	None of his cadre would know the full plan until the moment of implementation .
tr	8	I slipped coming down the fire escape and twisted my ankle a little .
tr	6	He wore jeans , a black t-shirt , and blue sneakers with orange laces .
tr	11	He 's been stirring up quite a storm in a number of major companies .
tr	9	My brother is earl of this keep , so let us through at once . "
tr	9	For the first time in a half-dozen of these meetings , Overlord looks at me with something like real respect .
tr	8	He moved to approach him .
tr	8	" Of course it 's Vivian , who else would it be ? "
tr	9	I don 't want the crew to hear . "
tr	8	When she crested the final hill on the homeward drive to the cottage , she sucked in a hard breath .
tr	10	Conway wondered if the mountain men of the 1800s might not have been similar .
tr	7	Her parents were never home in the evening either .
tr	7	Back to Table of Contents Chapter Eighteen February 4 , Morning Angelique woke early the next morning and lay there thinking .
tr	10	" Are you going to burn me ? "
tr	7	They still had a seven-hour hike ahead of them , up the forested granite .
tr	6	The mouse hovered over the file .
tr	10	Who gives clues after they kidnap somebody , " James said .
tr	6	Amira rode a little ways ahead , and of course her horse was obedient and graceful .
tr	9	Soon WTR dead and wounded were being left behind , first as individuals , then in droves .
tr	10	Maybe he thought shooting a woman was more sporting .
tr	8	" Or ready to fight , " Young offered .
tr	11	" The ocean cannot be sailed in the winter -- at least , not with the ships we currently have .
tr	9	The struggle with the power to create and destroy isn 't like the power to manipulate .
tr	10	Alejo was sitting on a rock , talking to a short guy with wire rim glasses and a little brown goatee .
tr	8	Jonesy had lectured them on his " sun theory " and now Maggie was putting his plan into action .
tr	8	" Am I prisoner of war ? "
tr	9	When Col dismounted , she was impressed by how slow he was .
tr	11	She played out all the scenarios she could think of to ask for the piece of fruit .
tr	7	The Pashtun guards leapt out of the car , weapons gripped tightly in their rough hands .
tr	7	Ted went down into the basement and checked off another day on the calendar .
tr	9	The bell then rang and the kids all started to get up .
tr	9	Rift asks , captivated by the Goddess ' beauty .
tr	10	" Let 's take it easy going back .
tr	6	" On that front at least , " he declared firmly .
tr	9	His energy spikes , and I sit up straight , edge my hands under my thighs .
tr	8	" I love her to much to leave her here . "
tr	11	When she caught a woman or a man between her and a door or the altar , that one died instantly .
tr	9	She had one last wish , that the three of them be reunited again .
tr	5	" Odd times , m ' lord , " Amira replied .
tr	10	" I got this twitch when an alien touched my arm .
tr	8	Roberto fumed , clenching his fists and stepping forward .
tr	9	How did he know that the scent was fresh ?
tr	10	Simon wanted to say something but all he could sum up were tears .
tr	10	If not for the severity of the situation Scott would have laughed .
tr	7	I don 't behave like that anymore .
tr	10	Why are you pushing shopping carts full of stuff home from Wal-Mart ? "
tr	11	He knew what was about to happen .
tr	10	Destro paused a moment to let that sink in before continuing .
tr	7	Secrets hidden in the scars or because of the scars .
tr	7	" You were so carefree and wrapped up with your lectures and college life . "
tr	5	Medicine , food , cartridges , sleeping bags , and two tents were repacked .
tr	9	I brought it downstairs to her .
tr	8	" Logan , you magnificent bastard , " Towers exclaimed , not caring about protocol .
tr	8	Josh 's voice came , muffled , through the tangle of hair .
tr	9	" Shouldn 't be too much of an issue , depends on the timing really .
tr	8	We 've got radiation on concert guy , " Gabe says .
tr	8	You didn 't know who I was . "
tr	8	" You should , no one 's reported either man missing " replied Vivian .
tr	6	asked Jinks , a dirty bandage around his right forearm .
tr	6	Jason races through the medical bay doors and down a long corridor toward the CIC .
tr	8	Rain like a waterfall , an ' hail the size of fists .
tr	8	By noon she 'd acquired a vocabulary of several nouns and verbs .
tr	7	He can do it nice and quiet like . "
tr	7	The prince shook his curls and got up from the ottoman .
tr	11	Steve snapped as he hit the brakes , bringing the truck to a skidding halt .
tr	7	She cocked her elbows on her hips , staring at me .
tr	5	Not normal plums , of course , but acidic , rotten ones .
tr	11	Sidney had learned that their mother , Duke 's mate , had been killed and the pups were motherless .
tr	8	That evening , while everyone was at dinner , Mrs. Jones went to Anubis House .
tr	11	" Do I have to learn a long poem ? "
tr	9	Another wave crashed into the row of windows ten metres in front of them .
tr	9	" If you want none of the credit , suit yourself .
tr	5	Spartan , Sally and Keith were almost off the racecourse .
tr	10	This time Claire didn 't feel the urge to shake off her niece .
tr	9	Pierre and Nora were smitten with each other , walking along the beach just talking about everything , holding hands .
tr	8	The food here was good and tasty , and was a favorite with many locals and military personnel alike .
tr	11	What was that suppose to mean ?
tr	6	" Leave Jerusalem , " someone shouted even now in Hebrew here in the synagogue courtyard .
tr	8	" That 's why it 's paved .
tr	7	That 's what they do .
tr	8	The president was tired and he was short on polite conversation at the moment .
tr	9	All the bathers looked at each other with deep concern that Abby had flipped her lid completely .
tr	7	" Oh , stow it , would you ? "
tr	8	Wolf Eyes lay there listening for a few minutes .
tr	9	His legs pumped , like running up a long staircase , until he was at the top .
tr	11	" I thought you came from near the West Indies , " Neil said , frowning .
tr	6	" No montages in real life .
tr	11	Donovan had wasted no time in clearing away the dead animal carcasses and bringing some order to the devastation .
tr	9	Now there was only one customer in front of her .
tr	6	" If this happened , his reconstruction into human form did not complete . "
tr	10	Sarah screamed and grabbed for David as he sank , with a groan , to his knees .
tr	7	They probably belonged to the National Park Service or ... somebody .
tr	8	Even with that new-fangled thing that allows you to see the other person . "
tr	11	The girl shifted restlessly , kicking at the sheet wrapped around her legs .
tr	11	The foremost attribute or instinct shared by all living things seems to be the will to survive and propagate .
tr	7	Finan looked at his lord , genuinely surprised .
tr	10	Claire , I thought it would always be just me and Mummy .
tr	11	Raphael 's opinion blew from cold to hot again once more as musically things leapt together .
tr	8	Tidings turned for the worse almost immediately after the funeral .
tr	6	The elder boy , on the right , had short , dark hair , and dark brown eyes .
tr	6	" It is no matter , " the augur said .
tr	11	I need to find out if he 's alright .
tr	6	" The great Republic of Syria , " the bearded man replied , stone faced .
tr	10	A horizontal line appeared on its side , as if the thing would open like an elongated clamshell .
tr	8	Chris still wasn 't sure what it all meant , but fortunately , Cobb wasn 't done yet .
tr	8	Captain Drake took all the risks here , not you , " Dresden assures her .
tr	9	The unfortunate outcome of that event led to the demise of more than eighty people .
tr	9	No , her client as my headlights showed the driver had long hair and a slim build .
tr	6	The newly loyal members of her pack , including her subdued brother , rose and followed at a respectful distance .
tr	7	" It won 't ruin either thing : plenty of women have babies every day .
tr	10	For that , we probably need to at least wait until after lunch .
tr	7	A likeness of the old woman 's face was embroidered on it in the middle .
tr	7	" NET has several businesses , but holds the science research group as its prize possession .
tr	11	Lina did what she felt was right .
tr	7	That was his job ... . .
tr	5	Every year since the 2008 Financial Crisis , the government collected less tax revenue .
tr	9	It was a huge room , two hundred feet square and twenty feet wide .
tr	6	" So instead of the warm Bahamas current we get here , there 's only cold water out there . "
tr	9	I dropped it to brace for the crash .
tr	6	" I 'm not the speed demon , " he said , chuckling , and hung up .
tr	10	In every passing tree , drops of dew were falling towards the ground , creating a false sense of rain .
tr	8	Andy noticed two security cameras in the main part of the hall .
tr	11	She didn 't seem surprised to see them , Simon reflected .
tr	10	I notice Derrick already has the knife in his hand .
tr	6	27 FRIENDS DON 'T LET FRIENDS JUMP That same morning , Spencer and Melissa stood on the Rosewood Day Commons .
tr	9	You could have pulled us all from this lie , but you were too weak !
tr	11	I have to complement you on staying alive .
tr	7	It 's a simple route from here .
tr	6	But with or without a woman , Hemp has his lab , and it really is his world .
tr	7	The looming thunder clouds boomed and cracked with the same ferocity as my scream , answering the deep , natural call .
tr	10	They said we could talk with you . "
tr	5	" No , not sex , drugs and rock and roll .
tr	7	" Please give William a message for me . "
tr	10	" I 'd like to see you try . "
tr	6	She turned to the crime unit .
tr	8	Ducking low , Chris crawled up there to join him , lying down next to the man .
tr	11	I know , my friend is in danger , " Brand said , baffled that these wolves were communicating .
tr	6	An unexpected wave of relief washed over me at his words .
tr	11	Taylor nodded to a small backpack that leaned against the wall next to the door .
tr	8	When the tempo of the noise increased so dramatically , warriors from the larger attack party ran toward the activity .
tr	7	I paused and glanced over my shoulder at the immortals .
tr	5	Through sickness , through health , through happy times , through sad times .
tr	5	" Maybe , after all this time , she 'd rather stay . "
tr	9	Both have failed miserably and caused great suffering and loss of life .
tr	9	he asked joining in her laughter , " sounds good to me .
tr	8	Even through the winter and the wet spring , the wood was dry and well suited for burning .
tr	8	Missy willed herself to breathe quietly .
tr	11	Eleanor decided she would have to lie .
tr	7	You stay outta my way .
tr	10	I would like you and your men to deal with them . "
tr	10	' Could I have a splash of whisky in mine ? '
tr	6	Your name , your birth date , where you lived ... it was all decided already .
tr	6	" No problem , " said Harold , " but be careful , " he added as an afterthought .
tr	10	As he watched , the stars began to slide past him , and the boat appeared to pick up speed .
tr	7	He was sure of it .
tr	10	" You 'll feel better after you sleep a bit . "
tr	7	Publicly humiliated , roughed up and unrepresented , he just couldn 't process his situation coherently .
tr	10	He knew he was running out of time .
tr	7	The hum of voices became more distinct as he neared .
tr	9	I wonder where it 'll get us . "
tr	7	Thunder returned a minute later with the rope and secured the Irishman 's hands behind his back .
tr	11	Stephens opened the door and walked in motioning Andy to follow .
tr	7	Nothing to worry about . "
tr	11	I refused to ask what it was about .
tr	11	She suddenly remember when they sneak out to visit the castle .
tr	11	No use in risking her career or her reputation on something like this .
tr	6	He sported a broad mustache and a divot below his lower lip .
tr	7	He shudders in pain and lays stunned , red crackling all around him .
tr	8	I guess she did fine .
tr	11	For a moment Adele was distracted by the thought that Finan was such an old friend of Rafe 's .
tr	11	" I think that Neil should be in on the secret . "
tr	11	She ignored him as she followed the line of men , and the guard walked close behind her and Simon .
tr	7	The energy of knowledge can be stored , shared and shaped , but it must always be focused .
tr	9	He is the first to survive past one year .
tr	9	" I swear , you let a man into your bed and he thinks he owns your whole place . "
tr	6	-- He said , in a calm voice , sad and quiet .
tr	8	" Pleasure to sheltered you in my humble house , " he said with a wide grin .
tr	7	It can get you killed . "
tr	9	" He might be angry for a day , but he will love you . "
tr	7	Gabe never lets go of my eyes .
tr	7	" Take her along with you , Oh No . "
tr	6	She was young , early twenties , just a girl really , somewhat pretty .
tr	11	I don 't remember the last time we had an uninterrupted conversation . "
tr	9	" I 'm sure you have many questions , Toby .
tr	6	" And now I give you , " Nick announces , " our grand lady , Marie Mallon ! "
tr	7	He then herded her toward the tribunal hall , speaking softly .
tr	7	I sat on the bed and closed my eyes , letting my mind drift .
tr	8	He pulled the coin necklace out from under his flying suit .
tr	10	Eventually , they agreed to help fight against the hated Germans .
tr	6	I walked up the gangway saluted and came aboard .
tr	7	Of course , a slight breeze started at that instant , making the cage sway .
tr	7	The boys went out the drive and walked around the block to the Nova River .
tr	7	Our eyes lock through the mirror , until his slide away .
tr	5	" And in my bed , as there was only the one . "
tr	11	" Why don 't you tell us what is going on here . "
tr	6	He rubbed the red marks on his wrists from the ties .
tr	7	When she came back together Mac couldn 't help but take a few steps toward her .
tr	9	What had really captured Ted 's attention was what the zombie was doing .
tr	11	His business concluded , Link turns to leave when the salesman offers a proposal .
tr	11	Cassie knew there had to be more .
tr	9	They had to keep moving .
tr	5	" I know a way out . "
tr	9	You learned to shoot with practice .
tr	6	Anything could set her off .
tr	9	" But can 't we just see if she 's OK ? "
tr	9	" Increasing power by three percent ... computer shows Mach 19.6 ... decreasing power by 1 percent . "
tr	11	I would like to go with you to the station and see Mrs. Jones .
tr	10	He didn 't want to be defeatist , but realism was in his blood .
tr	9	Harry , you take the M16 too , you can 't hit anything beyond a couple of hundred yards anyway .
tr	6	Suddenly , once again a blur , he darted out the door and was gone .
tr	11	I will inform you the next time we get word of a sighting . "
tr	9	' We got ta keep going . '
tr	10	They were a dying race when our ancestors broke through the forest and came into the plain .
tr	6	With a sigh , Spike stopped and called back up the lane .
tr	10	" We 're going to call it , Saul .
tr	8	With him was Sergeant Gomez , a stocky guy with a round face , a thin mustache and shiny jet-black hair .
tr	8	" I 'm somewhat limited in my options , " he said .
tr	11	I have to pick up something for school , " Tori asked .
tr	7	Their hands were suspiciously thrust into their waistcoats .
tr	5	" Mr Mitchell , sir , your presence is actually not a complete surprise .
tr	9	At his side , an impressive saber bounced , and a wickedly pointed bayonet waited on top of his shouldered musket .
tr	7	Josie gripped Jimmy 's hand tighter .
tr	5	She certainly had the same fears and concerns .
tr	6	Under the Faith 's rule , an authoritarian king would simply have you drawn and quartered .
tr	7	Miriam shouted , stepping forward as well .
tr	7	The daft idiot missed with both barrels though , and they chased him back to his house . '
tr	8	" No , my parents pay a mortgage on it , " he replied .
tr	7	Lonnie and Ricky must have taken a different tunnel .
tr	7	Mike smiled and nodded ; the crystals were only there for occasional use .
tr	11	So it is in your own interest to learn to fly fast . "
tr	10	" I arrived by flinging myself through the cloister 's door .
tr	7	Several excited nods later , they were darting about the room .
tr	9	Is there any way this can have a happy ending ?
tr	11	I think he may have worked for Victoria .
tr	5	Robbie McElroy is my manager there .
tr	9	' When we found the two of you , Reid was almost dead .
tr	10	He was a mile into the lonely forest when unease set in .
tr	10	The shrill voice tore through the air as I entered the boundaries of the village .
tr	10	" I have to be a part of this . "
tr	7	The smell of fresh pasta , bread and tomato sauce rushed through my body and down into my empty stomach .
tr	10	As the last pistol cracks ceased , Logan swept around me , dodging into the room with another yell .
tr	5	The moment the elevator doors shut , Alec 's presence overwhelmed the enclosed space .
tr	10	she replied , trying to look innocent .
tr	7	Phillip 's presiding at the hanging .
tr	5	" Despite their apparent friction , they ate together once a week on Fridays .
tr	6	Blood smeared the scaly , flabby lips and dripped from the huge mouth .
tr	8	" Please ... you must listen to my wife .
tr	5	Only the most important clients , employees and a few personal friends have this number .
tr	11	Taylor smiled at Wilbur who hadn 't moved or said anything .
tr	8	Don 't push me or I 'll go to reception and move to a dorm .
tr	7	Crouching down behind the stone balusters , with every nerve tingling , Valerian glared down at the stealthy figure .
tr	7	" Ready to go ? "
tr	6	She shouted at his back .
tr	7	Noah 's face was just inches from hers .
tr	9	Mark sipped his drink , staring straight ahead , past Jimmy , seemingly at nothing .
tr	8	Yes , there had been problems , but by and large , the available forces had reacted with discipline and professionalism .
tr	8	Tartar was one of Nora 's garden other injured inhabitants .
tr	11	The string of text in the detail section indicated there was more information about the call available .
tr	9	" She thinks you 're stalking her .
tr	5	A few moan , others wail , some scream , blood freezing , nerve shattering , ear piercing screams .
tr	5	The door wheezed closed , the bus belched and started down the street .
tr	11	We will have to transfer our cargo into space as soon as possible .
tr	6	" Hi , " I said quickly , almost too breathlessly for my own taste .
tr	7	The fire trucks come , shoo the people away . "
tr	8	Toby stretched the cuff of his new suit sleeve , " Then we have to hurry .
tr	10	Stop making this difficult for me .
tr	9	He searched her face a long moment , then smiled broadly .
tr	10	A confident grin forms on the face of the Duchess of Calliope .
tr	8	At a major truck stop , Jonesy purchased the most expensive radar detection system that existed .
tr	7	Next he examined the bodies of the fallen women , retrieving their weapons .
tr	7	" It 's late , John , " Sarah said .
tr	7	He punched Rob on the arm .
tr	10	We walked back to the boat in silence digesting what Allan had said .
tr	8	Two explosions so loud that I cover my ears .
tr	10	The whole world seemed to be frozen in this one perfect moment .
tr	7	With Sam and I leading the way , we cautiously walked ashore weapons at the ready .
tr	5	" Both of them . "
tr	5	" Clear , " Dr. Warner called out .
tr	10	We are a private company permitted by the state and the federal government to do business .
tr	7	Cole looks at his hand , gets a paper towel out of the car , and wipes the blood off .
tr	7	They heard the truck door slam and in ducked Uncle Jeff through the kitchen door .
tr	9	It has been a nightmare since the fall , a terrible dream .
tr	11	They had to get out of here and fast or they were all dead .
tr	8	The catwalk across from him presented a similar scene as several members of the enemy crew asphyxiated .
tr	8	Sophia asked the Captain : " Has this ever happened before ? "
tr	7	" I have something for you . "
tr	8	" How 'd he get stuck in there anyway ? "
tr	7	We 've seen it before . "
tr	11	' Excuse me I need to see Sam ze manager .
tr	9	I 'm going to check his weapons and everything else . "
tr	11	I 've got everything I need in my suitcase .
tr	8	She sighed softly then shook her head .
tr	9	I don 't fancy her , although she was beautiful .
tr	5	Serena shivers as her full name echoes across the cavern .
tr	10	I followed his gaze , which settled on a small air vent .
tr	6	With her heart still hurting , she did a search for a phone number for Kent B. Brighten .
tr	9	Not really parts of the same puzzle at all , but four separate puzzles interlocked at one point .
tr	7	Warrior has already uploaded a preliminary map , so I will take point and you watch my back .
tr	10	The dogs were enjoying the morning chasing each other round and round in the gathering sunlight .
tr	11	You must let the gods know what is happening !
tr	11	" Riki -- " " And thank you for the clothes as well , " Neil continued desperately .
tr	8	Mark looked up when it was over .
tr	7	She put a pan of water on the hot stove .
tr	5	-- END -- The Dead Planet Series Exodus Book 1 Drew Avera Copyright © 2014 by Drew Avera .
tr	11	He countered my moves strike for strike , almost anticipating where my blade would fall next .
tr	10	" Decided to talk to me now , have you ? "
tr	11	Nathan wondered if there would ever be an end to these nerve-racking encounters .
tr	11	" It 's why we need to change things around here .
tr	11	Harry rested his hand on the gun case , a gesture which subconsciously comforted him .
tr	10	I wasn 't aware Dan was bringing Lily .
tr	10	It 's time to get going . "
tr	5	" Oh my god , you 're such a nerd ! "
tr	6	Bron looked across to the cave .
tr	10	There were shuffling sounds nearby and Victoria felt a breeze -- something had crossed in front of her .
tr	11	" He told me horrible things he would do to me . "
tr	10	We had nothing to do with this .
tr	8	That 's what makes me trustworthy .
tr	6	On the other side was a framed portrait of a handsome middle-aged woman .
tr	9	Sofia was certain that Chase would not catch her anyway .
tr	9	He made no effort to hide his disappointment , but nodded agreeably enough .
tr	9	I don 't know what to say .
tr	5	Let 's go eat . "
tr	10	If we hadn 't come along and killed most of those bastards , they 'd never have gotten out . "
tr	8	Even if we all died in the attempt , killing Fuchs was the highest priority .
tr	7	Now go and get me some clothes . "
tr	9	And then , where I shot the guy with a tranquilizer dart .
tr	5	" In fact , " the coin dealer went on .
tr	11	Just keep doing what you 're doing and we 'll be fine . '
tr	8	Josh rapped his knuckles on Claire 's helmet and beamed at her .
tr	10	" I would never have guessed that was a woman ! "
tr	9	If ever you have need of help , I am yours to command . "
tr	9	Immediately I flung the gear stick into reverse .
tr	9	Natalie and Sophia turned their glasses to invisible mode so that they definitely wouldn 't be noticed .
tr	7	Rand stared at her blankly , not understanding her anger .
tr	6	" Red lips , three shades shy of the seventh harmonic , with a deep beauty .
tr	8	It 's got hot food an ' warm beds , not ta mention them pretty ladies .
tr	6	Somebody 'll come along sooner or later . "
tr	8	" Whore , " the stranger rasps slowly , his voice gurgling with contempt .
tr	8	" Seal bulkheads and brace for impact , " he announced calmly over the intercom .
tr	9	He could not believe what had just happened .
tr	7	" I could have done that . "
tr	6	He seemed pleased and Tommy relaxed .
tr	7	Eda slithered toward them and latched onto Adele firmly .
tr	8	She was pretty with thick long light brown hair and intelligent hazel eyes .
tr	10	I think you may be in luck .
tr	8	I think -- " " Don 't think , boy , " Hilda said .
tr	8	Yes , I think that is the best answer .
tr	10	They ate from the stores of food they had taken , and fell asleep .
tr	11	She smiled , and he smiled back , happy to see her awake .
tr	7	A surprised smile from the older child rewarded her suggestion and she returned it gladly .
tr	8	The box was full of silverware , jewelry , wedding rings , gilded picture frames , and other valuables .
tr	8	Two questions can be answered at one time . "
tr	6	" Sure , you stay right there , " Lilly Ann laughed back at him .
tr	11	If someone wants to go out with me ?
tr	11	His memory might stop at 1962 , but what he did remember from before then was too much for these kids .
tr	9	Jason looks at his crushed weapon with both disbelief and deep burning rage .
tr	9	" That 's an illusion and a half if ever I saw one , " said Natalie .
tr	10	The flat slab must have weighed tons ; she wondered how they 'd ever gotten it up there .
tr	11	It is , therefore , for you to decide the promise of this particular tale .
tr	7	A group of perhaps a dozen young warriors huddled there , jostling , giggling .
tr	8	" Yeah you guys , we shouldn 't even be talking about her .
tr	9	" Don 't have to ask me twice , Pops . "
tr	10	" I 'm sure he 'll come around .
tr	9	Malcolm asked as he followed her to the door .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	" I realize that , but we have no choice .
tr	7	" I 'm sorry , " the Prince said , voice full of emotion .
tr	10	she said , while she was cleaning her nose with a napkin .
tr	7	I accuse , pulling out black stretch pants .
tr	7	It was making his stomach growl more but his eyes grew heavy .
tr	11	He slept the entire afternoon , so he didn 't have time to talk to Riki before dinner .
tr	11	I have to , because my enemies are many .
tr	8	" That which you have chosen is the sword of the Western Sea Kingdom .
tr	11	We crossed the floor to the command center set up in a corner of the vast space .
tr	7	Jen frowned but got up , closed the door and sat down in the window seat .
tr	10	The girl straightened up and also eyed the Prince , with a bold , frank audacity that was simply infuriating .
tr	8	One of the men spoke , and he forgot all about the smoke .
tr	9	Tell Quebec we are coming .
tr	7	I think about the question , and then I stop thinking .
tr	6	A threat she had obviously made good on .
tr	9	" You said you wanted this , " Stacy said .
tr	10	A glint highlighted by the lights above ; a shiny little sparkle off a device in Minister Drake 's ear .
tr	8	" And we don 't have a real good history in public . "
tr	9	' Hello Miss Antoinette , nice to see you again , good trip , did you get the Da Vinci ?
tr	6	" So ... " I look at him curious .
tr	6	Why would he do that ?
tr	5	Silvery blonde long hair , slightly darker eyelashes and eyebrows , pale flawless skin .
tr	11	he mocked , lights like the gleam of the sun on blue water dancing in his reckless eyes .
tr	5	" Yes , Captain , " Roberto answered .
tr	9	It is the perfect way to get caught .
tr	10	She hung the shirt on the branch and its sleeves swayed in the breeze .
tr	11	He 'd broken our truce and tried to attack me from behind .
tr	11	" These ladies seem to think that you 're quite a catch . "
tr	9	" I 'm trying , " I shouted back as I pulled myself back onto the bench .
tr	6	We only left Prague a few hours ago . '
tr	11	He was sure this would be his final look upon his homeland .
tr	10	Then , before Simon had the chance to reply , the nurse left .
tr	5	' About an hour ago , just before you saw us .
tr	11	There 's also a bit of a turn up for the book ... ... . .
tr	11	Sorry sugar lips , you will have to use your secondary dock after we leave . "
tr	8	After waiting a moment with baited breath , Avery heard that same , unmistakable trill played by the Harbinger Fiddle .
tr	10	It was set on several hundred wooded acres outside of Paducah and surrounded by layers of fences and ditches .
tr	9	The silence after the man fell to the floor was deafening .
tr	10	Connor walked out to the fighting pitch with the roar of the crowd behind him .
tr	9	How about some cinnamon coffee and iced cakes when we get home ? "
tr	11	Hi Josh , lovely to hear from you .
tr	9	Those two idiots had definitely deserved the thrashing they got .
tr	9	With his arms he pushed himself into a comfortable sitting position and sat resting for a few moments breathing heavily .
tr	11	She had just finished her final year and was returning to clear out her belongings from her Munich apartment .
tr	5	' Good lad , good lad , ' said Charlie .
tr	9	" What is this you say Clancy ?
tr	7	One was not terribly serious -- one shot for each combatant .
tr	7	Working side by side , Dr. Morgan monitored his assistant 's work .
tr	8	" Who are you trying to fool ? "
tr	7	" Not much -- sounds thin to me , " I said , returning his grin .
tr	9	They had reached the far corner of the property now , and Rupert led them into a small grape arbor .
tr	10	They were able to laugh , joke , argue or just do nothing .
tr	7	As soon as organs popped or bones snapped , they swelled back together .
tr	7	" Maybe we attract it , " I said , and she looked up at me .
tr	10	" I heard my catapult hurl his burned body back up through the chimney and onto the lawn .
tr	7	Sorry , what 's going on there ? "
tr	8	That is why the witch 's magic is so powerful .
tr	11	The bells rang as she struggled to free herself .
tr	9	Do you have our coordinates ? "
tr	10	Aren 't you worried I 'll throw another train on your head ? "
tr	9	" I didn 't realize I looked so young ! "
tr	9	" I would pretend that didn 't happen . "
tr	11	Call it 50 to be safe .
tr	8	He wants to hire us . '
tr	9	We 're dead if these guys know their business .
tr	9	He could see the whole broad , gravel expanse of the bank 's roof .
tr	10	No telling what 's going to happen .
tr	10	I felt a hitch , because Laurence took my arm and turned me to him .
tr	6	Sebastian was subtle , too , but his touch was self-confident and secure .
tr	7	He stands there for a while and then closes the door .
tr	6	He caught my wrist inches from his belly .
tr	8	She was beautiful , face upturned , lips parted .
tr	7	" He may be right , sister-in-law , " he said .
tr	7	The room was enormous , with two walk-in closets and a king-sized bed .
tr	8	They help us , although they never entirely trust us . "
tr	7	She could see her two colleagues nodding and so she drove on .
tr	10	He wants to marry fate and sleep with glory .
tr	6	' A horse , a weapon ... A long sword and a spear I think .
tr	6	When I emerged , the scent of freshly brewed synthetic coffee filled my nostrils , strong and intense .
tr	9	Tori ran to the girls and told them about what they saw .
tr	11	He hung up without giving Ivan time to respond .
tr	7	In answer to Sarah , he turned and shrugged again .
tr	8	My loyalty and love belonged to Cisco , but I was still married to Faro .
tr	8	" Soon as he comes out , " Hilda whispered , " I 'll cut off his head . "
tr	10	He clearly didn 't know how much to tell me .
tr	9	Why did I want to save this man ?
tr	7	She turned then and bustled away through the home .
tr	8	He unwrapped one of the biscuits and bit into it .
tr	7	They walked back into the cave , hushed .
tr	8	" I mean -- I 'm a guest in your house . "
tr	7	Mr Brown walked quietly up to the old man and spoke gently into his ear .
tr	6	I lied like a pro .
tr	9	" We want to find out a few things before the Judgment tonight . "
tr	7	When he reached the cockpit , he found two very different things under the helmets in the pilots ' seats .
tr	10	You don 't want us to crash into the cliff , do you ? "
tr	11	" They are lots of people born on October 10th , " Daniel said .
tr	9	Calvin wondered as the time on his thankfully waterproof Casio resumed crawling .
tr	10	No one had ever thought to do this to the shapeshifter before .
tr	10	They could not help but miss Wolf Eyes when they went on this hunt .
tr	10	I watch in the rearview mirror as he flips open his briefcase and tucks his glasses into the side pocket .
tr	6	He was still laughing but Missy was embarrassed .
tr	7	A bright streak of orange flowers and dies in Gabe 's aura .
tr	9	We came to look for you afterwards . '
tr	5	~ * ~ Frank looked out the window .
tr	9	he decided to change his approach and asked .
tr	7	" What on earth is going on here ? "
tr	7	Alejo 's temple throbbed and he felt himself grimacing .
tr	7	He told her some stories or talked about his lectures and problems with the study material .
tr	10	" You 've got a child to think of . "
tr	8	We 're more in the public eye , more accountable , anyway back to the case in point .
tr	5	" Not Matty , not MJ , you got that Ben ? "
tr	8	The telly went out about two hours ago with the rest of the power . "
tr	5	Tell me , in this situation , how would you react ? "
tr	6	There 's The Village , The City , The Pole , and The Desert .
tr	6	' How touching , ' a smooth , vibrant voice rang out from the doorway .
tr	6	" But , Mana , " Miriam asked , " what does it all mean ?
tr	8	He added fifteen pounds to his large frame each decade after turning 40 .
tr	9	You must be from beyond the great forest , whence our ancestors came .
tr	11	As Josie climbed from her tent , she realized this was a stranger - not one of the guys .
tr	7	The squad spread out around our group , and we marched down the long corridor .
tr	7	Every word , though it chills me now ta even think of it .
tr	7	You mean at ten , Gabriel raised an eyebrow at the departing guard .
tr	11	But the Captain 's security assistant was able to warn the appropriate authorities in time .
tr	9	Suddenly , all three moved their hands to cover their privates and looked down in embarrassment .
tr	9	" What sorts of experts for example ? "
tr	10	It gave him a twist of pleasure to see her so aloof and cautious .
tr	7	George took the shell casing and looked at it carefully .
tr	8	" It 's not like you to ask . "
tr	11	Give us a hand to look for it , please , " I said .
tr	11	Rand took the sword from him , raising the blade so that it was parallel to his body .
tr	10	The horses screamed in terror as solid earth billowed under them , snapping legs .
tr	6	With that , the rest of cloaked figures all removed their hoods to gaze upon the eye .
tr	10	What had possessed her to do that ?
tr	6	Nobody from down there , including the law , is telling me anything .
tr	6	Nathaniel is actually wearing a black cape .
tr	9	Chase appeared at her side , faintly clothe in sparkling specks of claret dust .
tr	6	" Take them to the tavern . "
tr	5	' MIND TELLING US WHAT THE REALITY IS LW ROUND HERE ? '
tr	8	Wheeling myself about , I examined it once more , and my hand felt the fissure in one bar .
tr	6	" Okay then , " she got a giant white puff from her box .
tr	11	A straw pot reposed on one side of the room , filled with long peacock feathers .
tr	8	A Watchman couldn 't deny the command of one of the Children .
tr	9	Their faces twitching with irritation in near unison , the pair quickly chase after him .
tr	11	Pausing a moment , he glanced toward the ship and saw Chris had remained on board .
tr	7	With the last pull of the saw , the lower leg completely detached from the upper leg .
tr	8	" Is there anyone deathly loyal to the royal brothers ?
tr	10	Kernel , which do you prefer ? "
tr	7	Looks like the best thing to do is have some dinner and get some sleep . "
tr	8	It would be a fine day for a walk .
tr	8	" Because without fear Humans would 've lasted only a few generations . "
tr	7	' What do you do for a living ? '
tr	11	" I don 't think he did , " Drew answered slowly .
tr	6	He finally found a knife in the debris .
tr	7	She yearned for him suddenly , but she stayed away , and her blood quickly grew cold again .
tr	9	Perhaps that 's what it was ... ... some sort of leverage , some sort of exchange .
tr	6	They walked down the stairs and cautiously opened the door and peeked out .
tr	11	Whether Sevastopol , Pyongyang , or Tehran was hit with ten kilotons instead of thirty was pretty much moot .
tr	7	A few moments later , they were on the highway , heading south .
tr	6	That attraction you 're feeling ?
tr	11	My head felt like it was starting to swell .
tr	8	Why were you on my ship in the first place ? "
tr	5	Why , I have no idea . "
tr	6	With a little laugh , Georgia added , " It 's not a bad thing , Maddy . "
tr	11	" In what way did permanently disfiguring several dozen hippies constitute social justice ? "
tr	9	~ The sound of motors faded as the boats moved further from shore .
tr	7	Shipping , either riverine or maritime , is a keystone for growth and development . "
tr	6	Where was ' Feed the Children ' during this time ? "
tr	8	Harold saw the serious look on Jim 's face and asked no more questions .
tr	7	She says , " I was ... " At the same time , he says , " Radiant . "
tr	6	Slowly he clawed his way out of the deep sleep .
tr	8	He tossed the handle aside and grabbed the edges of the door , forcing it open .
tr	8	" I am the Prince of Ravens -- I order you to stop ! "
tr	9	It felt like escaping from jail .
tr	9	Drew asked , puzzled by Dane 's demeanor .
tr	10	Then who would be here to protect him ? "
tr	6	He did not deserve her .
tr	9	" We can keep doing this if you like , Captain , " Gwendolyn states loudly .
tr	9	Being so close to the outside door , it was a convenient place for Ted to store his loot .
tr	8	He stopped , turning his head toward Josie .
tr	7	The world seemed unreal to her at the moment and it wasn 't from the whiskey .
tr	7	A golden chain around his neck held a massive diamond at his breast , the famed Badge .
tr	8	He did his best to sound grudging .
tr	9	There 's some way to do this .
tr	10	As he started to climb the ridge , the motor sounds stopped .
tr	9	He 's much better at this than me . "
tr	7	You were five feet from him .
tr	11	Just hold them off for a while , and I 'll try to get you some help . "
tr	10	A painful blush spread across her face as the memory of Alejo kissing her in the tent played across her mind .
tr	8	Some women stood or sat behind them next to the wall .
tr	8	" He was on your father 's ship when we captured it .
tr	6	" Kay scored another goal , her third .
tr	9	A loud explosion of the gunpowder compressed in the bullet casing rang out .
tr	10	The top part where she had broken off the rounded head was flaky and warm .
tr	10	I was hoping something would hit .
tr	5	" Well , for brother and sister we were close . "
tr	7	" Bollocks , " he chuckles , stretching the word out .
tr	10	I hope he understands what I mean .
tr	11	However , when Beppe tried to use the door handle , to their delight , the door opened .
tr	9	It ends now but what would happen next , she was not still decided yet .
tr	7	But we found new practice and new techniques with Simon and his students .
tr	7	It was all just thick , almost impenetrable , jungle .
tr	7	The day was getting late , and Amy still hadn 't shown her face .
tr	7	Nothing could remove Fuchs ' stain .
tr	6	" I have my own guide , " said Vimes , and then added : " But thank you . "
tr	6	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	5	" Well , you 're not wrong very often . "
tr	8	Connor gathered up some clothes and money for himself and followed Andre off the yacht .
tr	11	He shook his head , still not sure what to make of the news .
tr	6	The vampires and werewolves , on the other hand , have chosen their path voluntarily .
tr	7	One of them caught the shouting man directly in the crotch , and Chris was delighted .
tr	9	The last President is still a friend of mine , and believes this space race is a great competition .
tr	9	" I think you 're right -- the sound of the waves is in the direction .
tr	6	Silent now , at peace , her face serene , the keys build a stairway and she takes each step forward .
tr	7	' These men are not from the State Police , ' I said loudly .
tr	5	Only Salazar and his staff .
tr	11	I prayed to not meet with Damian on my way to the hotel 's entrance .
tr	6	the Bastian noble snarled , almost spitting in his fury .
tr	6	" We 're really grateful , " said the boy , and shook the Rev 's hand with enthusiasm .
tr	10	Monique could see she was only halfway there .
tr	10	It would take them a while to find a place to land .
tr	6	Ever since we met , she always cared .
tr	6	They took the high road along the fence tops through the many yards .
tr	9	It was a pathetic defence , but she didn 't seem to notice .
tr	6	he asked with a smile breaking over his whole face .
tr	6	" This ain 't no kiddie game , so let 's make a wager . "
tr	9	What a wonderful Gift of Healing you have . "
tr	6	Cathy pressed the accelerator and the speedometer crept up to a hundred kilometres an hour , a hundred and ten .
tr	6	As Grey explained , ' Mr Aubrey , earlier today we found Thomas Long 's body at the motorway services . '
tr	7	He worked his way through the crowd , doesn 't anyone here work for a living ?
tr	11	The people are scared , and I don 't know what to tell them .
tr	7	Let me fly her in .
tr	6	Checking his pocket his fingers found the paper with their phone number .
tr	7	Come ; get off this piece of filth .
tr	7	" I 'll cover you and catch up ! "
tr	6	With three nuclear aircraft carriers and their supporting warships , a clear path to Perth was established .
tr	10	Facing me were one thousand warriors and they were ready for battle .
tr	10	" You are very fond of my son , are you not , my dear ? "
tr	6	With the two Javelin strikes , the enemy infantry near the targets had suffered heavily .
tr	5	" Eleven years ago , before all this , Jason and I knew each other . "
tr	6	" After I 've got all my papers back in order . "
tr	6	Hers was simple , but elegant , and obviously female .
tr	11	The sergeant looked up , " They buried whatever is here deep , Major . "
tr	8	snarled the angry man in front of him .
tr	8	" They 're not even really tied , " John said pulling his hands out of the bind .
tr	6	One look from the captain put a stop to all that .
tr	11	I was not sure what I was expecting to see .
tr	11	Setting the bomb off would draw in the local authorities and remove the danger of killing anyone nearby .
tr	11	" Right boys , let 's take what we can carry then smash the joint up . "
tr	8	Now , however , up on top of that school bus , he was unarmed and totally unequipped for survival .
tr	6	" So , what finally brings you back to Firenze ? "
tr	10	The ceremony was started with fasting and dancing around the sacred fire space .
tr	11	He hoped he had not made some sort of mistake .
tr	6	Gently , gently , she ran her hands over him , down and around his belly .
tr	7	Apparently , the room in which she sat stank , and so did she .
tr	6	The smile on his face reflected his heart .
tr	7	Me instead I couldn 't rest , so I went outside in the courtyard and I discovered a nice bench .
tr	5	" Come on , Da , " Gavin said .
tr	11	" How on Earth did it eat so much in the short period I was gone ? "
tr	10	Chapter 11 : The Blue Chest Wars Noah never imagined it would be so hard .
tr	9	Nothing 's changed , she thought ; not for me .
tr	5	" Oh , my God , it 's a signed first edition ! "
tr	11	But he just couldn 't drop off no matter how he tossed and turned on his bunk .
tr	10	The Elder looked momentarily surprised , but then nodded as if he should have expected this .
tr	8	Perhaps that is why they sound different . "
tr	6	" Exactly , " Powers cocked an eyebrow at the Brit .
tr	11	" I imagine we could find a change of clothes . "
tr	7	There is plenty of food .
tr	6	A tall , thin man with black hair , piercing blue eyes , and long , pale fingers .
tr	8	There wasn 't much else to say .
tr	8	Despite his reservations , his only option was to trust his brother .
tr	9	Some sense of morbid curiosity , however , made him look up at the Cadillac .
tr	8	A moment later , the double doors at the end of the gallery swung open .
tr	8	Claire nuzzled into the soft blonde hair and let it hide her tears .
tr	7	She looked down at the elfin face and saw a wobbling bottom lip .
tr	5	" Of course she was .
tr	8	Her vision swirled as her blood pressure reached dangerous levels .
tr	7	The senior NCO took a knee next to his commander .
tr	10	He stood still and alert like a deer looked into the woods .
tr	6	" Oh , Sweetie , this was the Middle Ages , no one was innocent . "
tr	7	Chase took a deep breath and shove away its hands but his friend put it back again .
tr	11	He wore moccasins that fit close to his legs all the way up his shins .
tr	11	Think you can manage from there ? "
tr	9	" Is everyone staying at the Lodge , Dickie ? "
tr	9	The path had a tiny gate there to separate the house from the woods and fields beyond .
tr	7	The rusty metal cells suffer from thorough disrepair , but serve their purpose just the same .
tr	11	" You have guts to do that , don 't you ? "
tr	8	Should make the thing light up the night sky , is all . "
tr	10	Brand had a feeling that line wasn 't really in the oath .
tr	6	" Surprisingly , my feet don 't hurt , " he told Josie .
tr	8	Now I , being a wise and cosmopolitan kind of guy ... REALLY ?
tr	7	The stale smell of an abandoned house would greet me but I 'd push through .
tr	11	Mai asks , eager to put the ranch behind them .
tr	9	They curled and smashed into one another causing extreme water explosions all over the place .
tr	8	To me that is beyond being coincidental .
tr	9	I don 't think I heard you correctly . "
tr	10	He knew it had to be .
tr	11	The first task was to discover how they all pulled together .
tr	8	" Never travel with dirty undies , " he said to himself as he got dressed .
tr	5	" Five minutes , zero seconds , " said the male computer voice .
tr	7	There it was again , the giggling and skipping and screaming through the hallways .
tr	5	The succulent , sweet smells were deceiving .
tr	8	I hope you 're right . '
tr	9	" Get a younger cadet to do it , " James protested .
tr	6	Despite her beauty , it was not a completely pleasant expression .
tr	11	Mac stuck his hand in the pool to see what would happen .
tr	8	Stone chips erupted from the wall and cut the skin on my exposed face and hands .
tr	8	Just near the entrance to the tunnel , one of them actually fell into the slimy water .
tr	7	She made a plate for her daughter and brought it to her room , then woke her .
tr	7	As soon as the thought entered his mind , the plane , the pilot and the storm were gone .
tr	7	She shook her head and refocused her eyes on the Prince .
tr	10	They seemed very happy to reunite , and there was a lot of camaraderie among the three .
tr	10	He mentally calibrated the wind although at this range it was less of an issue .
tr	10	He took her away from their father , kissed her soundly on the mouth , and she giggled .
tr	9	At least , he had every appearance of being Martin .
tr	7	He tramped along through the woods , and I lost him after a bit .
tr	10	I 've notified Colonel Masque and he 's got his people preparing for them . "
tr	9	He shifted in his seat , and she felt her face grow warm .
tr	7	He died 21 minutes , 32 seconds after this recording ended . "
tr	6	" Aye , not at my hand nor my command . "
tr	10	She opened her mouth to scream , feeling herself falling off the cliff , and was jolted awake .
tr	9	The combined smell of sulfur , from the black powder and eau de abattoir was gut wrenching .
tr	9	Gan felt his shoulders tighten in defensive reflex .
tr	7	" We have that as well , " said Towers in surprise .
tr	6	The man was fit , Colin realised , but Colin was also fit , swift and tall .
tr	9	But everything that appeared on the screen seemed so real to them that their amazement knew no bounds .
tr	8	Perhaps skill in cards is directly related to what game you play , because the man simply fleeced us .
tr	10	Well , it doesn 't technically fall into any county for government , nor does it have inhabitants to protect it .
tr	8	" I just need to eat , " said Miss Julie .
tr	6	The blank page of the " New Post " dragged at her like a cliff edge .
tr	11	Atticus knew exactly where to find me but soon realized I 'd stuck him with our luggage .
tr	11	" Right now , " the man said , though no one else seemed to be around .
tr	8	Not if I ever wanted any kind of social life again .
tr	10	I wished ya have told me about Trig .
tr	8	At his side , holding the other side of the paper , walked a woman .
tr	6	" Probably a bit of a mess , " Sam agreed .
tr	8	I expected a backwater primitive community if anything at all and here we are living like the kings .
tr	10	" But I might 've forgotten to boost up the fire . "
tr	6	A blow of hot condensed air , a back curving above the surface , the dorsal fin ... " A humpback !
tr	8	Placing his fingers on the chain link , Chris shook it a few times and felt it barely move .
tr	6	" Bax , please , please , please , please , please !
tr	9	Tim 's mother got out of the car to meet them " Hi guys , how was school ? "
tr	6	" So , you and the owner are , uh ... " " We 're something . "
tr	6	She responded instantly , her hands pulling his t-shirt up , palms sliding over his chest .
tr	9	There in the shade under the wall of the canal lay a huge snake .
tr	10	Navi calls , trying her hand at grabbing his attention .
tr	8	he hissed in a stage loud whisper , gesturing pointedly at Lacroix .
tr	6	" End of discussion Maya . "
tr	11	His lips quivered and he drew a deep breath which came out sobbing .
tr	7	" Just a little of your time . "
tr	8	In it , she did find a Chinese AKS rifle with the stock folded .
tr	9	" Oh , very funny -- if you are six years old , " he said .
tr	9	He suddenly felt like he had hit the lottery .
tr	6	After that we went into the drawing room . "
tr	8	He saw men running in every direction .
tr	5	Gourmet kitchen , rustic dining table , a huge sectional couch and a large TV .
tr	8	We look at each other , defenses dented but holding .
tr	10	It was so stripped as to be almost unrecognizable .
tr	5	Her flawless prose flows -- sometimes beautiful , sometimes disturbing -- but always memorable .
tr	11	He had to learn to channel his anger .
tr	7	Wouldn 't know one end from the other . "
tr	7	There will be no more fighting .
tr	6	Right in front of me . "
tr	8	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle loosed all the canoes and gave them a push out into the river .
tr	8	After reading that sentence in the letter , Miriam suddenly saw him as a different person .
tr	7	She was clearly having fun now .
tr	7	I had bigger concerns than poofy pastry chefs .
tr	9	She probably got hold of your beacon somehow and rigged it .
tr	10	" Michael , can you tell me what I 've just said ! "
tr	10	Let me add the same rules apply to you ladies as well .
tr	8	Sidney stopped at the foot of the steps with all four animals beside her .
tr	6	Sarah returned his smile and pulled her hand away .
tr	8	I asked peering down at him .
tr	7	The train , we were informed , would be in the capital by midmorning .
tr	6	" Oh , give the poor lad some space , " Captain Savage said in an irritated tone .
tr	7	" I checked in with my CO , " he told her .
tr	6	In the right hands , they would make someone a fortune .
tr	9	" We 'll be back in an hour or two , " said Jeff rubbing her shoulder and smiling .
tr	9	" They tell me you can 't electrocute your employees . "
tr	9	Put it on the list of proscribed cults , and arrest those responsible .
tr	8	They were the same rank , though in vastly different units .
tr	9	The distinct sound of an ocarina floats through the air among the sparse insects and drifting leaves .
tr	7	" Won 't those motor boats catch up with them ? "
tr	6	They were wet and warm , too wet , too warm , and only growing more so .
tr	7	Before she could react he barked out , " Take her to the upper deck . "
tr	5	Adele conceded , her voice still perplexed .
tr	10	Tonight , my story is one of looking at your story .
tr	8	People who lost their way .
tr	5	Nancy nodded , but her whole body drooped .
tr	10	" Oh , the guys who kick the ball into the net ? "
tr	8	Then , we were back in the halls of the palace .
tr	8	" It was , " he starts , cutting himself off with a sigh .
tr	8	I saw no reason to respond .
tr	7	Another two hours passed without any word and then another doctor approached us with a sour look on his face .
tr	7	Once Thane saw the results , he infected himself and his two other children .
tr	6	" Ah yes , but she doesn 't know that .
tr	8	Mrs. Williams , the cook , put down her cup of tea and sighed .
tr	6	Don 't worry , " he assured them .
tr	10	She states trying to reassure him .
tr	9	It had cost them several turns of light and more than a few miles .
tr	8	Brogan saw his words taking effect and continued smoothly .
tr	9	The Brother cut off his train of thought by shutting the trunk with a snap .
tr	9	She was never very good at being meek , but this was certainly a time to try .
tr	10	She 'd opened her eyes again , but he didn 't think she heard him .
tr	9	If they were the last humans , could the men fulfill the ancient function of protector of the hearth ?
tr	8	They were on the lower shoulder of the slope when Falconer signaled a stop .
tr	7	" How ... you ... from ... " I started to fumble , seeing her triumph smile .
tr	6	" You 're still bleeding , " Sydney said .
tr	9	She could hear Ruth breathing softly behind her .
tr	11	Truth bless her , she 's recovering better than I ever would have expected .
tr	8	There was a strap across her shoulder and a large bag under her arm .
tr	7	" Well in the witch community , at least this witch community , he 's got fans , " said Michael .
tr	11	I lie down and go right to sleep in Derrick 's arms .
tr	10	I needed to sleep to forget .
tr	10	As desperately alone and abandoned as that news made him feel , a part of him hoped it was true .
tr	9	" Come , Adele ; if you did not love him you would not feel so wretched . "
tr	8	" Hey , we don 't back down from a challenge anymore , " she points out , sensing his reservations .
tr	8	He 's as ready as he 'll ever be .
tr	10	" If nothing interesting grabs their attention , they seem to stay put pretty much .
tr	8	He dropped immediately to the ground as the knife penetrated his brain , killing him instantly .
tr	9	If you wear normal trousers over your new legs , nobody will even know that you have metal legs . "
tr	11	I had to know if he was okay .
tr	10	" I don 't want to talk about this anymore , " Neil stated .
tr	6	" By the gods , I am really dead this time , " he muttered .
tr	10	It shouldn 't be any trouble to retrieve it . "
tr	10	He wondered if warmth would ever again come to this dreary world .
tr	7	The ceremonial blade I held reverberated with the blow .
tr	6	Anyway , I , uh , I got you a shirt .
tr	9	She was afraid to look again .
tr	11	He scrambled to move more rocks from the fire into the pool of water .
tr	6	" Ah , they are kittens really , they put their lives on the line for us . "
tr	7	Your room is 212 and the other key you can give to your brother .
tr	11	She turned around as she heard him run up from behind .
tr	5	' No , he does not , ' the professor replied calmly .
tr	10	The steps had rope coming down along each side , but where was the elevator ?
tr	9	- And how did you meet Julian ?
tr	11	I watched with a keen eye as he set up everything on the floor of my living room .
tr	11	" Do you think it went there ? "
tr	5	" Valhalla , Reaper One ... mission is a go , over . "
tr	6	" Plus , they are the Wilds , " Riesling admitted .
tr	5	Sure enough , a missed call , three text messages and a voice mail .
tr	11	She screwed up her eyes trying to ignore the feeling , then shook her head and opened them again .
tr	9	Do you really believe that ? "
tr	6	Saturday 17th December 1983 Calvin kept his promise and phoned Katherine every night .
tr	5	He answered , his voice one part stern , and another part annoyed .
tr	11	The floor creaked outside the bathroom and I closed my eyes , wishing I could disappear .
tr	8	I heard nothing , and there are no tracks on stone . "
tr	8	She frowned and lay still on the side she thought to be safe .
tr	11	She was thankful she 'd spoken to Hector in Canada .
tr	7	Titus came out just then carrying a studded leather tunic .
tr	7	You can 't drive like that . "
tr	10	" Think that 's it , Captain , " the voice said .
tr	7	Wounded horses screamed and men moaned in pain .
tr	11	Then she watched as the group wriggled inside , one at a time .
tr	5	But , this one felt heavy , terrifying , not inspiring .
tr	10	She was now getting the thought that he does not like her existence .
tr	7	The world has gone mad .
tr	6	Still , she took some comfort in the brief reprieve from her torment .
tr	9	She laughed and said she 'd see .
tr	10	The military had people trained for that sort of heavy duty response .
tr	9	It accelerated sharply and collided with the rear bumper of the Transporter .
tr	11	They chose to go with us to get Tio .
tr	10	They were on a tall hill covered with thick trees overlooking the Cumberland River .
tr	6	Katie , by contrast , had generic beige carpeting , a galley kitchen , a bedroom , office and a bathroom .
tr	8	Other than the motion sensors , his would be the only recording of this event .
tr	10	" Why don 't I find that hard to believe ?
tr	7	" It 's not a matter for young girls . "
tr	6	' No one knows the answer to that question .
tr	8	She called on the souls of her forbears to enter her body .
tr	10	" People do tend to talk .
tr	9	It wasn 't until she looked below his waist that the picture changed .
tr	10	It looked like the sort of thing a villain would drive .
tr	9	Once she was moving , she allowed herself to think the impossible : maybe he was still alive .
tr	7	He was sure of that .
tr	8	Joshua 's recon platoon was given the task of screening for the entire JP force to the south .
tr	10	They walked past the cornfields and gardens still being tended by women and children .
tr	6	" Uhm , " he said and looked at Chet .
tr	8	Maggie asked , looking over at Penny .
tr	5	But Ryan had such a strong heart .
tr	7	" It 's settled then , " I said rising .
tr	9	Because I forget what my father looked like .
tr	5	" Oh yeah , so fucking cool dude , " Hicks says happily .
tr	11	Helen was starting to feel sick to her stomach .
tr	11	" But , " here Reggie looked confused , " may I ask why ?
tr	6	Even still , the familiar smells and nostalgia of her childhood home helped her sleep .
tr	9	Faded white letters stamped on the side of the ship read , The S.S. Misery .
tr	11	Scott grinned , then got out , talking into his microphone , " Is anyone inside ? "
tr	10	What makes a person who they are , is what they learn . "
tr	6	" But Mary , we went over all this during the Constitution debates .
tr	7	A wizened priest in a simple habit looked out , spectacles dripping down his nose .
tr	11	We had better push on and try to cover ourselves in the night . "
tr	9	There had been fires as houses , and even some of the docks were partially burned with only charred pilings remaining .
tr	9	They could see even though it was dark .
tr	10	When dawn broke , the birds started singing , as was always the case on spring mornings .
tr	9	Those candies you spoke of once ? "
tr	11	The mist began to roll away as they passed the lake .
tr	6	" First , a calming drink before your enthusiasm becomes contagious . "
tr	7	Humpty keyed up , " One bunker destroyed , two remaining !
tr	7	The report echoed through the carriage , and the acrid stench of gunpowder settled around us .
tr	7	" I hear it 's worse further east , " a woman replied .
tr	10	They busied themselves with the routine of setting up camp .
tr	9	Bethan didn 't seem to hear her .
tr	8	Sitting in the living room she looked around startled by what she saw .
tr	6	" Not one bit " replied Trudy and for some reason I believed her .
tr	7	An hour or so later , Jamison returned with a few men with wagons and the offload of the cargo began .
tr	6	" Look , he and I were only a little close back in middle school .
tr	6	" Well ... we had a little fight . "
tr	10	" Take your time -- twenty minutes , " I told her as she left .
tr	10	They 're already shaped like a drumstick and you know they couldn 't outrun you .
tr	8	" Before you do that let 's chat , " Jason suggests sternly .
tr	9	Our conversation was halted for a minute as another guard leapt at Jacob .
tr	11	It is all too obvious Ganondorf sought the sealed realm of his internment for this very purpose .
tr	7	' Wait , ' I said , touching his arm .
tr	8	" Because I am from the future , " said Andy .
tr	8	" The business has only been running for a few months . "
tr	11	If they weren 't able to take and hold the site , the Highlanders might be facing a slaughter underground .
tr	7	All my life I 'd pushed myself to extremes ... ... . .
tr	11	Why was it they kept getting attached ?
tr	9	Where was he supposed to be delivered ? "
tr	7	" Stop right there , " the man with the suitcase , " what the fuck is going on ?
tr	7	The night is dark , but my eyes cut right through it .
tr	6	It was his kid 's birthday .
tr	5	Next thing you know , you ' l actual y consider me a friend . "
tr	10	Anyone coming this way would be headed to see him .
tr	7	I 'm still burning to death , by the way .
tr	10	There you are , " Cobb said , coming out the door looking agitated .
tr	5	Ah , his voice ; low , deep and rich , like a polished instrument .
tr	9	Turning it over , he saw a magnesium strip with a wire clamped to each end .
tr	10	What was she supposed to do in a fight ?
tr	8	Parnell turned from the screen to face Bender .
tr	8	He worked his mouth , then blurted " How do I sound ? "
tr	10	As long as they think every ones on the ship they 're less likely to be on guard .
tr	9	" In spring they were white with blossom , and when the petals fell it looked like falling snow . "
tr	8	Reid linked his fingers together into a foothold underneath the panel .
tr	10	Manuel hadn 't even been able to put up a fight .
tr	11	One day of being able to breathe again .
tr	8	He 'd always fought best with a single-sided long blade , but most of these looked like the typical double-edged broadsword .
tr	8	Bar the clothes , Felix Thorne was exactly as I remembered him .
tr	6	Gabe doesn 't know his favorite color .
tr	6	" Well , you 're a woman ; these things come naturally . "
tr	8	Twenty meters short of the stairwell , the big door in the center of the building rumbled open .
tr	6	" What is she doing here ? "
tr	7	Jacob grinned while Eva spoke .
tr	9	It was not the mountains that the nations trusted , but the people .
tr	8	It gleamed dully under its sheen of gun oil .
tr	6	Put down your Bibles and Korans books and pick up your American sword and shield .
tr	6	Shadows played over the face .
tr	7	" Who would marry us ? "
tr	10	" I 'll sweep and see if I can pick up a trail . "
tr	7	He grabbed my wrists and dragged me across the floor .
tr	8	They walked back to the clubhouse and leaving the shotguns on the rack by the door went to the range desk .
tr	6	" Actually , all of them paid you a visit , every single day . "
tr	8	" I know what I 'm thinking .
tr	11	" Maybe , I always figured that he would be killed by someone else .
tr	8	They formed a line and walked by Five Toes ; each one sprinkled him with tobacco .
tr	8	Valerian shook himself like a lion shaking her mane .
tr	10	So it was likely no other Black Widows were in the passage .
tr	8	Nathan stood slowly and painfully , looking at the two guards .
tr	9	And you thought you could get away ? "
tr	7	Political machinations , bad investments , war , and other factors had led to their downfall .
tr	9	" Uh , where does it go , though ? "
tr	10	When Katherine said nothing Barbara said , ' Oh you 're exaggerating . '
tr	11	Perhaps that 's what he meant by touched ?
tr	7	Think of the way plants can just suck it up right from the sun .
tr	6	" The head bleeds a lot , " said the museum 's first aid lady .
tr	6	Reduces energy wastage , unnecessary journeys and keeps the costs down , too , " Bolt informed an impressed Alan Greene .
tr	6	" My wife and I are both from Mayfield . "
tr	11	" Unless you want to wait here and see what happens to us . "
tr	11	" Are we going to return the ring back to the real Princess ? "
tr	6	It was all just a bubble , a dome , a fake and a fraud .
tr	8	No wonder no one believes we are wine merchants ! "
tr	9	As if in answer , the detective spoke up .
tr	6	" Yes , " he called back weakly ; it wasn 't convincing .
tr	10	Someone had to get this started .
tr	6	I couldn 't help it .
tr	6	Every evening , he 'd roll out this funny little rug .
tr	9	Terribly aware of Landon 's watching eyes , she tried to focus .
tr	9	A military engineering unit had spent the last month assembling two extra levels in the space .
tr	5	" Officially , him , Rust , and two other guys own an international car sales company together . "
tr	7	For a moment , we simply paused to stare .
tr	9	What makes you say that ?
tr	11	It was a Secure Digital card , the same model he had in his digital camera .
tr	6	" Yes , DCI Prentice , but the first count is GBH , and the second is a missing person .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " Jerry looks down at the floor panicky .
tr	5	" Now , " Riley said , grim , " we wait . "
tr	10	I can 't imagine how you 're paying the rent right now . '
tr	5	Thin scarlet threads through his energy .
tr	7	" When you get back , I 'll give you another recon mission . "
tr	11	She pushed the car harder , leaving a wake of blaring horns behind them .
tr	8	The history of the country was very long , going all the way back to the ancient society .
tr	11	She blushed deeply and everyone understood that the young couple had come to an agreement long ago .
tr	11	When he was a slave that was the only name he had .
tr	5	" Because it 's a limited resource , right ? "
tr	10	Lynn fell into Mac and his face banged into the door .
tr	7	She is married , a lady of good means .
tr	9	That was the slinging part of the exercise over with .
tr	6	" Oui , see you there . "
tr	8	The basement was off limits to the other tenants .
tr	8	" Don 't stay out too long , okay , sport ?
tr	8	The FBI analyst stared at the crowd of frowning faces .
tr	8	And before you could even blink the two flopped down beside the path with a grunt .
tr	10	Some chanted and sang what sounded like prayers .
tr	10	They continued to march , but the pace slowed as they waited for orders .
tr	8	I remember a conversation with him like it was yesterday .
tr	9	You gave up a lot to save me .
tr	11	I think your leaving has made them flip some .
tr	10	Brendan came through the bushes ahead of David , a smile on his face that never reached his eyes .
tr	7	Kevin turned into the driveway and drove up to the garage .
tr	5	Well , for now , that is not my addiction or habit . "
tr	10	A large number of his men had experienced severe reflux once leaving the gravity of Earth .
tr	7	But mom 's always saying , ' See , wasn 't it better this way ? '
tr	10	He didn 't bother to move at first .
tr	10	They were also able to establish liaison with other military units .
tr	9	Michael suggested , although admittedly not in totally convincing tone .
tr	7	When I opened up the back door , I saw a couple of dingoes digging in my garbage .
tr	9	It was a pretty little mess , and she was in the middle of it .
tr	10	" I 'm trying to make it portable . "
tr	8	Beams of particle energy reach out for him , but Dagger zips and turns from them unharmed .
tr	7	" Is there another tractor we can use ? "
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , like the help we got Tuesday night ? "
tr	11	She was very beautiful , as striking as Adele was subtle .
tr	9	" I want to go up there , " she said nodding her little head towards the glass Butterfly .
tr	7	In fact , he did his deed and swiftly left ; leaving behind his presence .
tr	5	One housed a comedy club and the other their headliner attraction , Cirque de Soleil .
tr	11	We 're going to have to run .
tr	9	" Surely she can stay in the hostels with you ?
tr	7	Mason closed the computer , tucked it into his bag , and turned to a long black case beside him .
tr	8	" What do you want to drink ? "
tr	7	The vibration shot through my body like a bullet all the way up my spine .
tr	8	They not only went back to work , but they did it cheerfully .
tr	7	Ease his pain a little , don 't burden him with mine .
tr	7	" One minute you 're up , next you 're down , but then you 're up again .
tr	7	The Wench of course was unscathed , but both The Crow and the Booty were not so lucky .
tr	7	Another man spoke from behind her .
tr	7	Alex asked when she noticed .
tr	6	His eyes sprang open , and he immediately regretted it .
tr	5	But then right away I heard your voice . "
tr	8	He was always there when the need seemed greatest .
tr	5	" Ten , " said Dunk , " but only seven fingernails . "
tr	10	Allan Bright Connie asked , " What do you suppose he means ? "
tr	6	Town is quiet so far , " he texted into his comm .
tr	9	" We 'll figure it out boss , don 't worry , " said Jim .
tr	9	" Walk , " I told them , giving the pair a gentle shove in the right direction .
tr	11	That was something that made him smile .
tr	11	The energy ripples in excited hiccups around his body as he steps into the room .
tr	7	" Crap , " crying out , he picked up the phone , staring at the number .
tr	9	Without the answers that only Branden could provide , this investigation was officially put on hold .
tr	11	I was unsure I had heard her correctly .
tr	10	Being careful no predators were near , they paused to look across the blue pool .
tr	7	" What does she do in there on her own ? "
tr	6	' With a very odd-shaped beak , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes . '
tr	11	Rafe was silent for a moment , his head bent and his eyes fixed on the floor .
tr	11	" Doesn 't that violate their notion of God 's anointed king ? "
tr	9	At least in the city there might be facilities or laws or provisions for the refugees .
tr	10	I know how extortionate the prices are ; are you out of pocket ? "
tr	10	Brunei seems to agree with you , you look terrific . "
tr	5	" Not us , " he said and pointed off the road .
tr	6	Chapter 27 New York City Johnny Chang waited by the radio for a response .
tr	11	Alejo asked , suddenly feeling cold as he remembered the trip with the Khan to the Tribal Area .
tr	8	If he didn 't tell us the code , then he must have told him . "
tr	11	" Is it because you think I 'm strange ? "
tr	9	" Not quite sure yet , " he replied , " I 'll probably know better in a week or so .
tr	11	Ted paused just a little too long to contemplate this latest nugget of wisdom .
tr	10	All of a sudden a bright flash appeared in the sky , turning the horizon briefly white with its intensity .
tr	11	I don 't think this guy knows what fear is ! "
tr	7	The boot swung back once more , the man laughing still .
tr	8	" Yes , I 've heard of these rumours but never gave them much credence .
tr	7	I 'm much obliged fer yer kindness , " he said .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " Matthew said and waved .
tr	10	The bell rang to end lunch and they got up to go back to class .
tr	11	He did want to heal Fila .
tr	9	They followed the street until it reached a large square with shops on the east side .
tr	11	Phillip leaned down , patting his roan before turning to me .
tr	10	The captain pondered that a moment , before asking , " Are ya sure laddie ?
tr	8	That 's what 's important .
tr	11	" But you told me that you are no longer a Muslim , that you are a Christian . "
tr	6	The dragon looked over at the hotel over a thousand feet away .
tr	7	I walk over to her and gently wiggle her foot and say , " Hi , Ella .
tr	11	I added to help muffle the seriousness of the conversation .
tr	8	" Well , we will do our best , " said Sophia in reply to the note .
tr	7	Nearly everything was prepared : the bags were packed and the tickets bought .
tr	8	She wrote her own note and placed it , along with the one Sam had given her , in an envelope .
tr	6	' This looks expensive , ' he stated warily .
tr	7	Bunker complex with overhead cover .
tr	11	" You look like you want to say something .
tr	8	When they arrived at the Los Angeles Train Station , Tori took a cab to her house .
tr	11	Soul cried , trying to snap him out of it .
tr	7	She smiled and said , " Hello Neil .
tr	8	You mean they 're real ? "
tr	8	he said , with a look from the corner of his eye .
tr	5	" No , I - " " It 's all right .
tr	6	And as the light grew , so did his anger and his resentment .
tr	10	And neither could I control the people staring in at me , I thought tiredly .
tr	8	She must have died of starvation .
tr	6	The winter was long that year , but sometimes there were warm days .
tr	5	' No it wasn 't , ' he told the dwarf .
tr	9	Breaking through the water 's surface he sucked in huge gulps of air as more water broke over them .
tr	8	And lived to tell the tale ?
tr	8	Snapping off the frame safety of the .45 , Claus vowed he would not fail .
tr	6	I will make her real .
tr	7	He instinctively held out his blade firmly with two hands , and the rat impaled itself upon his sword edge .
tr	10	Be sure to let Anna know . "
tr	10	" Who 's gon na save him ? "
tr	9	The possibility of being kidnapped and tortured obviously added a new dimension to the projects .
tr	5	With a quick yank , he closed the blinds .
tr	7	The palace 's grounds ' crew apparently had more pressing issues to handle .
tr	7	And yes , Stalin 's parents , student revolutionaries , had actually named their infant son Stalin Lenin Gomez .
tr	10	He suddenly reacted to a noise , turning to check it out .
tr	10	Never once did she see them kiss or even touch each other , unless it happened by accident .
tr	9	" But like no painter I ever seen . "
tr	5	His eyes , throat and nose were burning .
tr	10	Tell them to knock up another five hundred and adjust the invoice .
tr	10	That must surely be enough to satisfy you ? "
tr	8	Navi finally works up the courage to ask .
tr	9	The boy didn 't know what hit him .
tr	10	" I heard we could destroy their ships , " said Mac .
tr	8	Alita became hysterical , tears running down her cheeks .
tr	5	" So what year is it ? "
tr	6	This was my most embarrassing moment , for sure .
tr	7	Roberto sat and ate his meal , tasting nothing of the delicious food .
tr	10	When he left he was sombre and just stood at the rail as he watched the land mass .
tr	10	It snarled and lashed out with both hands , catching Ted in a life-threatening bear hug .
tr	10	His fat , bloodied corpse had been nailed to a small copse of trees .
tr	11	I need to know who I owe my life to ! "
tr	6	" Return to Cezar and - " " Wait , Styx , " Viper interrupted , his expression grim .
tr	6	The cops were still outside , and no doubt so were Madeline , Emery , and Jonah .
tr	10	Well we have a way to deal with smart arses .
tr	9	I gained on the next set of tail lights and followed a Volvo estate as we carried on .
tr	9	The sister island was home to a couple of families and contained no cars , only golf carts .
tr	8	Proceeding through the progressively twisting hallway he reaches a large door with a familiar keyhole .
tr	9	The wheels were well oiled , and as a whole , they looked to be sleek and powerful vehicles .
tr	9	And Islam gives us a common cause as brothers : fight against injustice and Western Imperialism .
tr	11	People have died waiting for her to come .
tr	7	" I 'm on fire , " I say for no reason .
tr	11	" What can be kept only after it 's been given ? "
tr	8	" The emergence of just the proper number so a conflict never has an actual winner .
tr	7	" Link has saved our kingdom from his evil schemes before .
tr	9	Returning to the central room , Rift 's spine twitches when the shrieks and screams resume from below .
tr	9	Sofia cannot decide if it was a question or not .
tr	8	" Yes , I don 't like to travel . "
tr	6	" Yup , " I replied dryly through gritted teeth .
tr	9	" How can you tell me to calm down uncle ?
tr	6	Rick switched on his best poker face .
tr	6	Rafe clutched at his hair distractedly .
tr	11	The entire incident was going to be covered up and forgotten .
tr	6	Things might get very complicated otherwise . "
tr	7	" You should develop better hiding skills , " said a voice right by Mac .
tr	7	The captain turns back toward the transparent bulkhead and takes a deep breath .
tr	8	That 's all it was .
tr	9	" By the way , one of our visitors is cowering under the conference room table over there .
tr	8	Carl was laughing hard and wiping tears from his eyes .
tr	5	The softness of her skin under my fingers .
tr	10	I knew what was where .
tr	8	Getting stuck up on the mountain was not a welcome prospect , hut or no hut .
tr	10	" I 've had years to reflect on that night .
tr	10	I had Atticus do a few circles in town and then park the truck .
tr	8	I 'll bring back an army of a thousand knights .
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	6	" That 's it , " Taylor simply said , " You got yourself an airplane . "
tr	9	And instantly the glaze passed from her eyes and they were flooded with fury , comprehension and an awful fear .
tr	9	asked Simon unsure if he truly wanted an answer .
tr	5	The next morning Taylor felt almost his old self again .
tr	9	He had briefly chatted with them and on departing this bag had fallen from the cart .
tr	10	She hadn 't realized all the guys had fled the area .
tr	10	Do you believe in reincarnation ? "
tr	9	" I admit her leaving is a bit strange .
tr	10	Mi casa tu casa , " she added after a short pause with deeper meaning in her words than was obvious .
tr	11	He screamed in pain but it didn 't last long before he passed out from the gas .
tr	6	In the darkness , we took turns with the night vision glasses .
tr	9	Having expected this turn of events , the helmed man upon the staircase prepares to engage the sly assassin .
tr	8	And I want the child in me to be well . "
tr	7	He waited a moment before asking .
tr	7	Said he was familiar with the New England shore .
tr	10	One day I might work for the British government versus Russia , and the next vice versa . "
tr	7	They are born of evil , for evil alone .
tr	10	He looked at Brooks who only grew paler .
tr	10	It had started with Mike , and they wouldn 't stop until they had the data back .
tr	10	They then meandered downstream with their noses to the ground , trying to pick up another trail .
tr	8	" We will go to palace and get it .
tr	8	She attempted to stand up .
tr	6	No , Jenny , " he wailed and sprinted toward the main check point .
tr	8	There is nothing to prove .
tr	11	" If anyone could do something to save him , it 'd be her . "
tr	7	Without looking out the window , Claire wound down the glass and waited for the tirade .
tr	9	Everything has to be kept a secret .
tr	10	Do I got roaches on me ? "
tr	8	Enlightenment dawned in Rand 's eyes , and he lifted her hand to his lips .
tr	7	The security personnel on the door became anxious , the areas traffic lights , security cameras and systems ceased operating .
tr	6	" That is news , " he said .
tr	11	" You 're not supposed to have dogs in here . "
tr	5	" A man could , yes , " Daphne answered mildly .
tr	7	Pulling away , she forced the grief deep inside and shone him her brightest smile .
tr	8	Your faith and trust shelters you from seeing the truth .
tr	9	Five Aimee and I arrived outside the dirty white warehouse known as Spy Headquarters seconds to nine .
tr	10	It could become like screaming in the night .
tr	10	The world has destroyed itself and here the ragged remnants are trying to do it again .
tr	5	" No , please , " she whispered , " I. . . "
tr	7	Weight is still not a big issue and we can all land together .
tr	9	" Jiri , you lie down and keep an eye on that link in the rock .
tr	8	There were some quiet crashes in the woods , and Simon and Neil appeared at the gate .
tr	6	With a toothy grin , he sneered , " About two hours ago .
tr	9	Standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
tr	8	It all began to make sense now .
tr	9	Riki spoke in her normal voice , and Neil shushed her , thinking of the guards .
tr	8	The spent shells in the photos were 5.56 mil and had obviously been left deliberately .
tr	5	So , yes , asshole , I 'm goddam sure . "
tr	9	A thought seemed to occur to it .
tr	8	That was luck for me , thought Wolf Eyes .
tr	9	More and more seekers joined them and the asking for rhyme or reason of this gathering grew daily .
tr	6	" I wanted you , " said Damon bitterly , " But you wanted him . "
tr	11	Feeling like she was throwing gemstones down a well , she added a third for herself .
tr	7	" My time is waning and I must make haste .
tr	6	You know , the plumbing and heating and the cars and the gardens and the forest and stuff like that .
tr	10	What we have is a contract to slaughter humans , that 's all ! "
tr	6	Less than ten minutes later , both Wes and Lisa stood in the kitchen .
tr	7	' I 'm fine my darling , is Charlie listening in ?
tr	8	" Talking about books , can I go to that library down the street ?
tr	9	She warmed quickly , but a persistent shiver continued to plague her .
tr	8	Gwendolyn straightens , twirls her free blade about in her hand and then drives the black steel into Lisa 's forehead .
tr	8	I trailed in his wake like a young Lag following its mother .
tr	10	" Just thought you should know , I have completed the first treatment cycle of the survivors .
tr	10	He learned what was expected of him .
tr	5	" But not so violently . "
tr	10	" More confident about what , may I ask ? "
tr	5	" Hey , even highly trained federal agents cry , " he said .
tr	11	" I walked down for a quick swim it was so hot .
tr	10	I view Prewitt , who frowns at us .
tr	7	However , she realized , she could use the traffic to her advantage .
tr	11	Debris smashes into the water all around him as they jet toward the only faint source of light remaining .
tr	9	Alejo felt relieved it was all decided .
tr	11	The potent dose of female anatomy is enough to annihilate Rift 's concentration for the time being .
tr	7	" Maybe if you 're lucky , he 'll cut you a deal . "
tr	7	The woman fell to the ground and he kicked her aside .
tr	8	He could hear the Arab Ali yelling something and Abu yelled , " Stop shooting , the fox has escaped ! "
tr	10	" We have to figure out how long she was .
tr	7	' Inside one of our bunkers , ' said Victor .
tr	8	" When I first walked in here , I wasn 't sure who I was , or where I was . "
tr	8	Black Scorpion had five young braves to do his bidding .
tr	10	I was sitting on a kerb some thousand feet from the waters of the Potomac .
tr	7	" He has greeted the guards , they 're uncertain about something .
tr	8	Wendy is in Brunei , Bandar to be accurate .
tr	5	The older man 's voice was hurt and angry .
tr	8	Taylor drove the tractor past wide-eyed farm workers and family members close to the fallen tree where Turner was trapped .
tr	9	We 'll all go angel hunting together and sing harmonious songs in the car or maybe play the license plate game .
tr	8	The winds come out of the Barrens without anything to slow them . "
tr	8	If the parasite is in the soil , it may have penetrated through the coffins to the other bodies .
tr	9	One -- a big fellow named Bill -- would stay behind to protect the women and children .
tr	8	She was in panic near hysterical .
tr	5	" Well , well , well , " he said .
tr	11	It was the first happy day I 'd had in months . '
tr	7	If I wasn 't so scared I would have laughed and enjoyed the ride .
tr	9	Because he wanted to stay .
tr	10	She had marketing people to make sure of that .
tr	8	A young woman stands in the back of the room .
tr	9	I asked standing up into Atticus 's face .
tr	8	That is me my brother , thanks to your dishonor I am your only relative !
tr	5	Fireplace , or maybe an outdoor fire pit , but that was all .
tr	6	Across his legs lay a great piece of the column , pinning him down .
tr	8	I am not a rebel , neither am I against the status quo .
tr	8	His parents were wealthy and did not believe in God .
tr	6	Along about midnight he slid into the water and swam to the other side .
tr	7	' Lay down your weapons now , put your hands on your head and move away from your vehicles .
tr	6	Suddenly , the old zombie halted its slow march toward the house .
tr	10	Quick , I clean myself fearing my mascara will die .
tr	7	" At least I didn 't take your clothes off and tie you up . "
tr	7	He grabbed a chair from a nearby table and dragged it across the floor to ours .
tr	8	" No worries , Yank , " Brendan said , smiling back at him .
tr	7	Not as large as some more traditional warships , its small size and narrow hull allowed it greater manoeuvrability and speed .
tr	11	A translucent barrier appears , surrounding everyone involved in the incident and confining them for now .
tr	8	He sighed and balanced the mug in his lap .
tr	10	XXXXXX Thank you very much for reading this story .
tr	10	Another AK joined in , and he assumed it must be Lace .
tr	11	And then many more will come and we are too few to fight them all .
tr	9	The boss darkly muttered : " This is all the work of that scoundrel . "
tr	11	Stela came to a stop , panting as she stood next to Daniel .
tr	11	Blood dripped down my face where a jagged shard had slashed the flesh above my right eye .
tr	8	replied Simon , even though his ears were ringing and everything around him was fuzzy .
tr	7	What happened to the tram ?
tr	9	That is not something one should forgive . "
tr	6	The next morning all the braves in the village met in the counsel house .
tr	10	" The consensus is that they will come here next but nobody knows when .
tr	9	She stepped forward and Rafe pulled her to rest against him , laying his cheek briefly against her hair .
tr	11	Breaking the silence he whispered quite shakily , " Should we evacuate the island now ? "
tr	11	Since when you are in his life , he stopped acting weird or to be locked up in his room .
tr	10	Danny 's recovering from a chest cold following a hefty stint gigging and busking .
tr	9	His aim was true and the soldier who 'd moved fell without firing a shot .
tr	6	Respect is earned , not given .
tr	9	She couldn 't imagine it was different .
tr	9	There was trouble with other land owners and they had held meetings the week before .
tr	10	I was returning to Clancy 's home the day you spied me .
tr	6	" About ten minutes later a crazy scientist bursts into the room .
tr	6	" Yes , " he replied , " but the third floor is his private chamber .
tr	6	He sighs , closes the lid of his computer .
tr	9	He had not invented anything prior to his historic discovery , and nor did he invent anything after .
tr	11	I wouldn 't think about it too much if I were you , " the boy shrugs nonchalantly .
tr	7	You live down by the low hills , do you not ? "
tr	9	He noted that one of footprints actually brushed the sidewall .
tr	7	" She is only paralyzed temporarily , " he remarked conversationally .
tr	9	Do you acknowledge it ? "
tr	9	I never suspected that girl would be a witch . "
tr	10	We had to keep moving forward .
tr	5	A gifted and talented designer , without question , but I doubted his reliability .
tr	6	Only the hum of the lights could be heard .
tr	11	Although in this industry I have changed my name more times than I have changed my underwear . "
tr	7	Is that nag too old to run or what ? "
tr	11	Though encrusted with residue , its rounded shape made clear it was a coin of some sort .
tr	7	" As long as we can , I guess . "
tr	8	Warrior ... " Aria suddenly steps back holding her hands at her head .
tr	9	She didn 't respond , instead focusing on the road ahead .
tr	9	No helmets or spearheads gleamed on battlements , no trumpets sounded , no challenge rang from the towers .
tr	10	Ganondorf asks , handling the situation as amicably as he is able .
tr	8	Anguish exploded , obliterating all else .
tr	10	He would drop the handkerchief on the count of three and then each man could fire at his own will .
tr	6	" Now , now ... enough of you , both . "
tr	5	Following the next wall , after several small paces , she discovered a step down .
tr	8	The explosion reached the surface and tore a hole ten times bigger than the original crash created .
tr	5	" Is it morning already ? "
tr	9	If Nathaniel can 't handle the swim or is discovered , what will we do then ?
tr	8	They weren 't glowing , or humming , and the rock wall hadn 't altered in the least .
tr	10	If anyone tried to slip past , both navies would intercept them .
tr	8	Gwendolyn looks down at the deck , feigning shame , but her eyes smolder silently .
tr	6	When he didn 't , I glanced over at Logan .
tr	9	He would take his stuff from his parents ' house and leave .
tr	10	You don 't get to go on as many missions .
tr	5	About a year ago Eleanor and Ryan were pretty hot and heavy together .
tr	6	The engines weren 't on and the ramp wasn 't even down .
tr	6	" Will she be silent ? "
tr	10	Charlie couldn 't help wonder what he was thinking ?
tr	9	I don 't want to be famous . "
tr	8	The sound of Noah biting down threw the larger Lizard into a fury .
tr	7	It had been her fourth winter and she was quite old for a Fence Lizard .
tr	7	He couldn 't go in there .
tr	11	Within minutes , Noah had the group of kids sitting on a grassy knoll and captivated by Bible songs with actions .
tr	9	To channel all of our efforts and resources into the most difficult construction project our species has ever attempted . "
tr	8	" Where are you from , my friends ? "
tr	8	The priest looked absently into the middle distance between them for a moment .
tr	7	I 'm sure of it . "
tr	10	In seconds , he was nearly through the bone , as he began to slow .
tr	11	I caught a messenger trying to sell it off down in Stonebridge . "
tr	5	And right now , I 'm his hands .
tr	6	I waltzed up the front walk and right through the door .
tr	7	He knifed the policeman in the chest and took to his heels .
tr	5	" A meningococcal booster dose , MMR or measles , mumps and rubella .
tr	10	" Let 's go to the back garden and let them fight it out .
tr	8	He would have to leave .
tr	10	Your messenger can 't simply board a train to get there .
tr	7	As he studied the outline , he remembered the small outlying islands at the entrance to the Cook Strait .
tr	9	She begged him to let her go .
tr	7	Old Mr. Stark just chuckled and said , " Another mystery .
tr	9	They were made for fighting paranormal people .
tr	7	" Given their warning , what 're we to do ? "
tr	6	" What if they realize we are online and they surge us . "
tr	10	I would do anything she asked me .
tr	11	Now she 's in the wind and knows she 's been on camera .
tr	10	" I think I 've met you before .
tr	8	Though Raphael 's incredible arrival couldn 't displace her , he did feel her grip on his heart loosen .
tr	7	All over the world , if conditions are not similar , they 're worse .
tr	6	The fair haired youth laughed scornfully at such ineptitude .
tr	9	Wings would be nice , but there are other ways to fly .
tr	6	" That makes sense , " Jesse agreed , " and it fits the pattern . "
tr	5	" His office , on the penultimate floor , just below the board room . "
tr	8	I watched him how he drove cautious .
tr	8	Odd shapes took their place just outside the perimeter of the firelight .
tr	10	" What are you two going to do today ? "
tr	5	" Okay , " I whisper .
tr	8	" Perhaps I owe you an explanation , " he said turning towards George .
tr	6	Forty-four Three days later , Gwen stood with Judson , Nick and Elias under a large beach umbrella .
tr	11	" This is a game we used to play .
tr	7	How do they move like that ?
tr	7	After several miles the rhythm and motion of the carriage lulled Andy off to sleep .
tr	6	" And why I should you trust you ? "
tr	7	Leah cried , noticing him .
tr	7	They nodded and headed quietly down the stairs .
tr	8	With his empty scabbard and heavy shield resting upon his back once again , Link exits his house with determination .
tr	5	" And , like your offer , it 's still deficient and unnecessary .
tr	8	A fat lot of good they did him , lying in his own gore . "
tr	9	Do you not remember our talk by the hearth in Clancy 's home ?
tr	9	He just needed a few minutes alone where no one could find him .
tr	7	Over the years , Maggie forgot the Dead Chicken , and life went on as normal .
tr	7	" What was your relationship like with your husband ? "
tr	6	Up there in the window are our nieces and nephew Jen , Joan , and Bane .
tr	7	We changed out the battery , and I topped it off with gas .
tr	8	Sidney looked at the radio then grinned .
tr	8	On time , the message arrived from the drone looking down at them .
tr	8	" You wait on those benches there , and I 'll go and speak to the monks .
tr	10	I will be waiting for you at any time in my cabin . "
tr	9	Occasionally the monotonous blocks of flats would be broken up by a small playground or square .
tr	8	Lilly Ann always avoided my questions about where her parents lived .
tr	5	" No , well , kind of , I guess , " Sofia responded .
tr	9	That one was ... pretty good I 'll have to admit . "
tr	6	Thirty-two Malcolm being down here didn 't surprise me at all .
tr	9	The giant felt three teeth break free inside his mouth .
tr	8	To a normal eye , she could go for a young boy but his trained eye could recognize her .
tr	11	Do I have something in my teeth ? "
tr	10	' You 've had a shock haven 't you ? '
tr	8	Still , it seemed to hit a nerve .
tr	6	" The life-size mouse was a dream , " Archer said , his tone almost comically serious .
tr	8	Sensing his interest , the salesman swoops in to seal the deal .
tr	9	He could see she was terrified .
tr	6	" HE SAID WHERE WERE YOU BORN , " chanted the occupying hippies .
tr	8	He shook out the match , plunging the corridor into darkness .
tr	11	His oversized gauntlets were clearly designed to fire some type of projectile , as well .
tr	10	" I hope you are given more opportunity to command . "
tr	5	' Hello , ' a female voice called upstairs .
tr	6	No sense in me getting separated .
tr	8	The woman he had seen was still in the chamber .
tr	10	How he had missed these two people over the years .
tr	5	" Hello , Mrs. Jones , we all say . "
tr	8	" I tried not to give anything away but ... . "
tr	9	So , how did you do it ? "
tr	10	" Please let this not be the sign of things to come . "
tr	10	" Well , I have a hard time believing that 's him .
tr	10	We must escape with the boy and the two halves of the Talisman while we can . "
tr	7	Remember , we only need approximately ninety flights into space , forty-five from each craft .
tr	8	With shaking shoulders and loud gasping gulps , Sky cried as if the world had ended .
tr	10	Tomorrow , she will be presented over the whole kingdom as their Princess .
tr	11	My voice was louder than I meant it to be .
tr	8	Rafe saw nothing in that fact to weep over .
tr	6	" Yes that is correct , other than the size it 's exactly the same suit .
tr	8	Just get through this minute , and don 't worry about the next minute . "
tr	7	I asked Logan in the gloom .
tr	9	' And what were the two of you working on ? '
tr	6	This woman , no matter her reasons , no matter her sweetness , had aided a predatory alien .
tr	7	We 've still got a day , " said Frank , moving towards his dig .
tr	9	No , I need to keep going .
tr	8	A quick barely noticeable nod stopped him from uttering his protest .
tr	10	A feeling that I didn 't want to stop .
tr	9	Connor felt like laughing outloud , but restrained himself .
tr	10	A hundred feet along the waterway , I skidded to a stop in front of a vertical grill in the wall .
tr	7	Let 's see how it goes . "
tr	7	Perhaps it is not the world beyond the Gates , but it is ours .
tr	6	The meal was delicious , the praise generous , the conversations delightful , but everything felt fleeting .
tr	6	This small change in my motivation reflected a bigger change in my relationship with Cole .
tr	7	Joshua stared at the crumpled body outside the door and looked sick .
tr	7	Echo also wasn 't sure about his new commander .
tr	10	The steps passed under my feet quickly , winding down and around until I reached the bottom .
tr	8	" He knows she 's yer wife , mate , " Brendan insisted .
tr	9	Andy smiled politely and sat down on the couch in the living room .
tr	9	Valerie screams in horror over the ship 's speakers .
tr	6	" The right , I think , " Sean Kendrick says , but then he corrects himself .
tr	10	So , gentlemen that is why I am asking for your support .
tr	7	Midnight galloped swiftly away from White Wolf Keep and into the stony plain .
tr	9	" Did you hear that , Bax ?
tr	11	Truth , she 's convinced this will kill her , but still she cares first about her modesty .
tr	7	He began to laugh ; surprised , helpless .
tr	8	According to the clock , there was only a little over an hour until the fireworks in Moscow .
tr	6	He was not bound , but for the moment , he had no options .
tr	8	The forklift crashed into the first stack of pallets .
tr	9	I think it might be Blake 's . "
tr	7	I 've served my entire adult life , nearly forty years in uniform .
tr	11	I might get sick if I eat too close to a race . "
tr	7	When you folks drove up , the Pastor and I were getting the pump going . "
tr	10	We 've proven ourselves strong enough to crush a tiny , unprotected hamlet .
tr	8	It was always going to happen .
tr	11	" He felt her when we stumbled over her -- uh -- grave .
tr	7	Malcolm pulled me closer , his fingers loosening their grip .
tr	7	In a few hours , they would be running again .
tr	8	He rose to a crescendo , echoing impossibly among the trees .
tr	8	" Is he always like this around girls ? "
tr	8	He was completely bald and was dressed in an unusual manner .
tr	11	Are you trying to kill me ? "
tr	8	The child turned to Sofia and asked , " Am I dead , Fie ? "
tr	8	I want to run , but fear has fixed my feet .
tr	9	Why try to outpace an army ?
tr	9	He took another deep slug of courage before tossing the bottle over the side , into the snow .
tr	10	He was mad at himself for being snuck upon so easily .
tr	6	Sweat dripped down her back and she was terrified .
tr	11	She wore only one gold bracelet on each arm , a mark of office , he suspected .
tr	8	We 're late , and we 'll look like fools . "
tr	8	If I will be the one which will hurt you . "
tr	11	I practically had to beat her to do it . "
tr	6	" No , my father was a keen smoker , " said Breedlove .
tr	5	Otherwise , maybe it was just her imagination and exaggerated perception .
tr	9	" The answer to the both lies is : I didn 't want you to go !
tr	8	When she didn 't , he prompted , " Is there anything I need to know ? "
tr	8	The Son of man is Jesus Christ , and the lifting up is His death on the cross .
tr	11	James laughed as he cast a glance at the girls training on the other side of the room .
tr	11	" Because I can 't have you working for Spy Games if you can 't take it seriously .
tr	7	PART 7 : IT WAS THE NIGHT BEFORE ... MY FIST !
tr	9	There is some small disagreement between him and one of the neighbouring lords that my liege wishes at an end . "
tr	9	" What are you waiting for , Falcon , here I am ! "
tr	8	Each year we drifted farther and farther apart on our different tracks of life .
tr	11	We all knew what the response would be " No sir , " he reluctantly said .
tr	7	Cletus and Pete were dressed like rednecks .
tr	10	" Gary Cook was the poster child for good intentions gone bad .
tr	7	I wore disguises and listened in on conversations .
tr	7	" My name is Valerie Encino and I am a biosynthetic woman , " she declares proudly .
tr	5	" Good day , Sir , " a woman 's voice echoed .
tr	9	It was the sound of something metallic clanging on the pavement .
tr	6	But despite his great efforts , and his great expense , the king 's black wolf appeared again .
tr	11	" We 'll find people working out there , recovering from the war .
tr	10	I could see the small wheels of thought turn inside each tiny head .
tr	7	He slowed down to almost a walk as he approached .
tr	11	Do you know what this means ? "
tr	9	" He has a funny way of showing it . "
tr	8	They were all screaming , " he reveals , now on the verge of tears .
tr	9	He would be awake when she got back .
tr	6	From the back , she bounded over her courtyard wall , let herself in , then dashed up the stairs .
tr	9	The Holy Grail of this new economy became higher return on investment spurred on by larger bonuses .
tr	5	Nitrogen 78 percent , oxygen 12 percent , carbon dioxide 1 percent .
tr	7	Flat out would be good , but not on this road , the bends were too dangerous .
tr	9	' I have to do this , ' I whispered against her lips .
tr	8	She was certain of it because of her acquired skills from traveling .
tr	6	As a result , however , he could not soften his own fall .
tr	10	Raphael 's parents donated bags of groceries which helped .
tr	8	The boat strained at her lines as the rising wind roared down the harbour and buffeted the boat in her slip .
tr	10	' I thought you liked Christine in the end . '
tr	10	Eva will tell us where they 've lodged and who the members are .
tr	8	He stood beside the trunk of a big tree , invisible to the people not twenty feet away from him .
tr	11	Archie gathered up the laptop and they all retreated , leaving his father slumped back in his seat .
tr	5	Near the edge , a narrow footpath wound down the cliff side .
tr	9	She did not mention it to Roberto though , the shock overwhelming her .
tr	10	I closed my eyes , willing the walls to whisper his secrets .
tr	11	She backed out of the coop , glad that John had gone to the sheep pasture .
tr	6	One private jet , just for a dog , but then in a way , he was grateful .
tr	9	One by one , outer hatches open , venting the air inside his body out into space .
tr	11	No trooper ever gets to Hell Ere he 's emptied his canteen .
tr	11	It took a moment to realise the crying was coming from her sister .
tr	6	All at once the woman 's steps were right near us , pounding up the slope .
tr	7	Probably got more worked up about that than was rational .
tr	9	A flight of Ospreys passed overhead , following the road between the mine and the main enemy complex .
tr	6	She tilted her face up to her husband .
tr	9	This 50-foot berm surrounds my entire airfield inside the electrified fence I erected .
tr	10	She made to approach him then hesitated .
tr	9	He shook more hands than he could remember names .
tr	6	" So , you just had tea and a pleasant chat with a major demon ? "
tr	7	I crept over to the window and pushed it open .
tr	6	" Yes , they give each other a bad time , but they 're all very close . "
tr	9	" Did you say forty thousand wasn 't worth the trouble ? "
tr	8	The electric discharge at their touch could have lit up a room , it definitely lit up Taylor 's face .
tr	11	He saw nothing but pleading there and knew why his brother had insisted on the gloves .
tr	8	If you will go forward , come and join us .
tr	10	He saw Bump had wriggled beneath the loose sand .
tr	8	" Well , that 's partially true , but after they got demoted they would most assuredly be killed . "
tr	6	Immediately inside the stone walls of the temple was a blazing pyre .
tr	7	Lowering his voice , Rusty leaned forwards and fixed Paul with a sharp look , ' Ere mate .
tr	9	Any other man would have been screaming hisself silly .
tr	7	" What is your interest in them ? "
tr	11	Byron made for the window , and confused , they followed him to see what was happening .
tr	11	On the way down to the museum offices , I texted Aimee asking her to switch spots with me , quickly .
tr	5	For some reason , though , his father and I hit it off .
tr	8	007 could be seen over his shoulder .
tr	9	" I have no doubt of that , Calvin , " he said .
tr	9	I lifted my eyes to the skies and saw a clear view of the stars , already I missed my kin .
tr	6	" That 's easy , " said Harold with a grimace .
tr	8	" For the love of heaven , brother , shut the door , " I gasped , heaving on the floor .
tr	7	Professor Johnson sat on his usual stool reading Universe Today , the daily newspaper .
tr	8	" Doors open , systems have us in tandem ; you can empty our payload , VIN .
tr	10	We serve as a framework for the nations of the Earth to work together .
tr	7	My heart of hearts will always belong to her . "
tr	6	The light from the campfire cast sky above and around in a warm orange glow .
tr	11	Off now to investigate one of NZ 's most popular tourist attractions .
tr	7	A confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
tr	9	" I can distract him and buy you time , but you need to go -- now ! "
tr	5	" Hold out your paw , " she said , and he did .
tr	8	" About fifty to two hundred million dollars , Bill .
tr	6	" There is no crew , no ' foraging mission ' .
tr	5	Luckily for them , the business was a restaurant .
tr	8	" We play like nice little colonial subjects and then when their guard is down , we rob them blind ? "
tr	7	I sprawl on the dirty concrete and let the sun filter directly onto my skin .
tr	11	Hope that changes when we get to their place . "
tr	11	Dad told her everything , about Thane , about Dr. Cook , about the angels and his mission to kill them .
tr	6	" We are wiser and stronger now , " said the Emperor , raising a clenched fist .
tr	7	' We 'll be fine , ' I said into the mouthpiece .
tr	5	" Yes , and that is unfortunate .
tr	5	" Professor Foxton , " Horace held out his hand .
tr	9	Shining the flashlight on each of the carts he could easily see the one that Paddy had identified .
tr	8	When I got home Atticus acted as though everything was normal .
tr	9	Sofia decided to fetch water on the nearby brook .
tr	6	Adele turned her flushed face into the furs .
tr	7	Then one of Jimmy 's friends she recognised as Rodriguez , came up to her and complimented her on her hairpiece .
tr	9	They came around to the front of the cabin and knocked on the door .
tr	8	Whatever I 'm searching for , I come up empty .
tr	9	Make sure he knows me .
tr	8	They all agreed , sat down , and started passing food .
tr	10	I wasn 't dry yet , and the sensation of the wind whistling across the wetness was becoming painful .
tr	9	I have to do something ... Maybe I could overwhelm her .
tr	9	He patted Keno 's neck and felt the heat radiating off the animal 's hide .
tr	9	All was quiet for a few minutes before Joshua heard the second voice say , " Lieutenant Taylor ? "
tr	6	" Well , " Taylor started , " you have met Cody .
tr	10	" You took your staff ; I knew you 'd be fine . "
tr	7	She had short blonde hair , was middle aged and a little on the heavy side .
tr	7	No one was chasing them , so , in Bradley 's opinion , they were safe .
tr	9	I need them here in Hereford quick as you can .
tr	5	" So many , " she gleamed , " yet so few . "
tr	8	I wait for him to continue .
tr	6	" In a sense , " Terry Hill said , " it does concern a medical problem , Dr. Bennett .
tr	9	" Whoa , there , Dan , " she said as she stepped into the stall .
tr	10	I thought I got rid of him till tonight . "
tr	10	Seguin replied in the best English he could muster .
tr	7	The moose heads and deer heads hung along the log walls .
tr	7	What 's going on ? "
tr	7	" When in doubt , go ahead and make a decision . "
tr	8	Ok hotshot , I thought to myself , I can last as long as you .
tr	6	Finan felt a dull anger creep over him .
tr	9	I smiled to the waiter and he smiled back , watching me with interest .
tr	7	I crawled to my knees and stared through the open starboard door in dull incomprehension .
tr	10	There were only twenty left alive , and of these several lay groaning on the floor .
tr	11	And if it was not his duty to give them comfort then their tears grated even heavier on his nerves .
tr	8	" So , what has made you try and find me ?
tr	6	" In all , it was not a bad loss ; but any loss is a shame . "
tr	7	The flock rose as one and noisily flew off .
tr	8	Before long , he found himself thinking of Penny .
tr	10	He inclined his head as he spoke and smiled at Theodosia , and her cheeks grew pink .
tr	11	- She will come , we have to wait .
tr	6	" But its charge has run down . "
tr	10	I smiled faintly knowing that everyone was okay .
tr	8	" You are wolves , murdering wolves , " Sven said .
tr	6	Teel frowned , his entire face pulled into the expression beneath his towering toque .
tr	8	He added , " Please don 't think of her as a spy .
tr	8	Day spun to night before I saw Atticus again .
tr	6	' On his feet , but a mite wobbly yet , ' he was told .
tr	8	He continued , " Do we have the chloroform ready ? "
tr	8	A Fire was cast , and the conversation lagged as they all ate .
tr	10	I followed because I didn 't know proper protocol for alien suggestions .
tr	9	He did not doze off until the wee hours of the morning .
tr	8	Name of God , how I hate that song ! "
tr	6	I gasped for my breath .
tr	8	" Certainly , " replied Meeks , " you are in Hancock State Prison .
tr	6	" He 's not a wild animal , " I said , " he 's a rodent . "
tr	8	An unseen hand was pounding on the trapdoor , and a voice -- a beautiful voice -- followed .
tr	10	The huts were set around the base of the hill and were in turn surrounded by well kept fields .
tr	10	Just remember , we have scientists here who designed hybrid rockets decades ago .
tr	7	" Camden , your speed is strength , your blade and spell shield a proven asset at your side .
tr	8	" They said Santa Claus is awake !
tr	11	Rift asks , not considering the fact that the patriarch can hear him clearly .
tr	11	Blast I thought , perhaps another day , and vacated the cockpit and wandered over to him .
tr	6	You 're all right , Frank Light , " Jake said with another smile .
tr	8	The way things are now brings out the worst in people .
tr	9	But once he did , she would be after Elaina before the poison wore off .
tr	11	Deciding what to eat for breakfast isn 't easy this morning .
tr	9	We can 't check in until later anyway and it looks like a nice day . "
tr	5	From her ears hung large gold hoop earrings and broad gold bangles encircled her thick wrists .
tr	7	He just called it love .
tr	9	She 's part of the investigatory team concerning Harry and Peter . "
tr	10	" Are you sure that you should be doing that ? "
tr	11	Donovan held out a hand as if to restrain her .
tr	8	Time has found new deities and they 've forsaken us , " she admits , suddenly sounding quite sad .
tr	8	She wiped the window with her sleeve , smearing the glass and her shirt in the process .
tr	6	Then he was again the old Sebastian , he was the boss and explained her everything .
tr	10	Is he going to live ? "
tr	8	He gestured in the direction of the window .
tr	11	" I believe I can help with that , " Juan interjected .
tr	8	At last her sister 's form materialised out of the dark and she saw the glittering light of open eyes .
tr	10	He was able to run in short uncontrolled bursts .
tr	6	Electricity is the most tangible , but it is not the most important .
tr	9	When he reached the entrance foyer a sudden sensation gripped him ; he knew he was not alone .
tr	8	But it was nowhere to be found .
tr	6	" The term is hacker , and it 's ancient slang .
tr	10	Think it could be Doc Quack ? "
tr	7	He put his arms underneath me and scooped me off the ground .
tr	7	It was not that Rattlesnakes hunt in groups ; they don 't .
tr	7	You guys are cooking up a plan , and you 're using a decoy . "
tr	9	Why this has been so I do not know , but it is here now . "
tr	9	I didn 't ask for any of this shit ! "
tr	9	The shock of the cold water caused her to shriek uncontrollably with each bucket .
tr	6	We were attempting to -- well , control the disease , really . '
tr	8	" I got ta go , " he said .
tr	7	Isaac had not been swept away .
tr	6	Evan is her older brother .
tr	7	After getting my mist power , my other four senses all increased , although not as fast as my eyesight did .
tr	6	I mean , he spent a lifetime on this thing .
tr	9	" Wouldn 't even have to say anything ... " the clerk finished weakly .
tr	6	Carefully brushing away the topsoil , she uncovered a large door , six feet by four with a solid metal pull .
tr	9	Connor took Maria by the hand and tried to race ahead to keep pace .
tr	7	The party soon caught up with Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle at the chestnut tree .
tr	10	They struggled to put boots on and stumble out of their tents .
tr	6	The buildings were tall and strong , most of them carved with various facades and designs .
tr	7	She stood up quickly , an urgency to her , and called to me through the glass .
tr	5	† † † Ten days later another storm hit the Contra O Vento .
tr	9	But , the fact that you still both have a child 's mind-set is also another big advantage .
tr	5	After saluting Chris , he lowered himself down .
tr	5	" Better not to , maybe , " I tell her .
tr	9	Who knows how they will react ?
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " Jimmy answered .
tr	10	I 'll bet they notice , even from up there . "
tr	7	The display showed four crystals being inserted .
tr	10	She struggled to turn her head to the right and laid her cheek against the cold gravel .
tr	9	Fuchs is bound to deploy hundreds of soldiers to find us .
tr	7	While the range was apparently narrow , its impressive length took my breath away .
tr	10	She could tear down any tree we 'd climb .
tr	9	" How nice to see you .
tr	5	CHAPTER 11 Bryan Laker : August , 1977 Bryan Laker , a young Assistant Professor , was tired and depressed .
tr	8	There were some children 's toys out on the lawns .
tr	8	Out of the corner of my eyes , I saw Anna look around wildly .
tr	9	He walked for a couple of minutes and heard " Clack !
tr	6	" Don 't worry , I wouldn 't even try . "
tr	9	I gave them a brief account of the events of the last few days .
tr	8	They should not have such power over him . "
tr	7	She loved it ... . .
tr	7	I glanced at my watch and frowned .
tr	6	Oh , great , Kendall thought to himself .
tr	9	His hope of winning the war by her side now fades .
tr	6	" There 's more , " said Ben .
tr	7	' See you on the other side , ' Victor murmured from below .
tr	11	Mack called , waving for her to come aboard .
tr	6	We paused in a dark recess at the top .
tr	7	" I said sit down .
tr	7	Are you sure you 're okay ? "
tr	9	After the birds had returned to their breakfast , Ted walked back to the garage .
tr	9	His greatest value though , was probably his ability to keep everyone calm .
tr	6	Impatient and anxious , tense and ready , I wanted this night over with , the victory mine .
tr	6	The sound of waves drifted from the ocean far below .
tr	10	You won 't be able to stop them . "
tr	7	Also , they weren 't dressed in the normal camo green .
tr	9	As he stared , he could see the man 's expression changing from bewilderment to anger .
tr	7	Stefano was approximately the same age as Beppe and looked a lot like him .
tr	7	The German bowed and set his medical kit on the grass .
tr	8	Two days later an excruciating pain in his back woke up the General Bird -- De Peacock at midnight .
tr	7	I arrived by hired coach , and that 's long gone . "
tr	9	Dear Mom and Dad , I cannot even tell you how cold it is here !
tr	11	There was a door that led to the bathroom and bedroom but it was closed .
tr	10	When I looked up again I realized that the lady had just said something about a case .
tr	8	For a few seconds I could only enjoy the lady in my arms .
tr	7	Bullets whizzed past my head and shoulders as the Hunters fired .
tr	10	The cruel ways of their existence was not a part of him , or of Pierre , for that matter .
tr	10	I wish I 'd had one like you . '
tr	7	The old man was healthy as a horse .
tr	6	He snapped the axe head right off the handle with relative ease .
tr	9	Even though you secretly love me - " " Hold up there .
tr	7	Unlike the others he had his sword still in its scabbard and wore no helm .
tr	7	Stephens said repeating the words .
tr	7	He looked towards them and waved .
tr	8	That was all he needed .
tr	7	Ganondorf bellows , his body quivering with delight from the slaughter .
tr	11	Cade blinked and wondered why that hadn 't occurred to him before .
tr	7	" Alright , let 's take back the initiative here , " Llama said .
tr	11	We stepped swiftly through the gaping frames , broken glass crunching loudly beneath our feet .
tr	8	Toby connected to the video feed from 006 , seeing through 006 's eyes .
tr	6	Definitely : ' time is critical . '
tr	9	It introduces the reader to the Radiant Order World as recorded by the Witness .
tr	11	And without even waiting for me to deny him , out walked Micah .
tr	10	Archie had a large map of the world stuck on the living room wall .
tr	8	He prayed this was so .
tr	5	" Rain or shine , summer or winter , " Catcher said .
tr	8	" The rebels were now on their way here , " Snow stated , kneeling before her master .
tr	8	The People of the Waves are hard to predict .
tr	6	Sit down my dears , sit down , " said the mother .
tr	10	Reggie instantly recognized a bond with these men born out of adversity and strife and sealed in victory .
tr	11	Neither of them had spoken with anyone after the Russians had deposited them at the airport .
tr	11	He was still working his fingers , restoring circulation after standing outside on a brisk January morning .
tr	7	In front of him was the only life-sized display in the whole room .
tr	11	We need to get supplies for planting the garden . "
tr	9	They 're certainly not in the company of fugitives , as we clearly are .
tr	10	Riesling knew he had a reputation as one of the finest commanders alive .
tr	8	Reaching towards Calvin 's right hand she said , ' Maybe I 'd help direct you . '
tr	10	Sometimes the identification tags were removed when the soldier was first killed .
tr	6	" In that case bring my friend your lunchtime special , " Dreamer said coolly to the waiter .
tr	8	Panting , I reached the building , ducked inside , and was nearly impaled upon Logan 's outstretched sword .
tr	9	You will therefore need to be particularly careful . "
tr	9	" She comes to see you every morning at dawn ? "
tr	7	Rand looked down at Finan ; his eyes were closed and his breathing shallow .
tr	9	They ran down the path until Magnolia Boarding School came in view point .
tr	9	No I didn 't think of you , I never think of you ... She felt herself nod .
tr	8	But then the Empress would have been so mad at me . "
tr	7	" We must warn the King , " Mal stated , following Camden 's lead .
tr	9	I 'll be back as soon as I can .
tr	7	" Why do you even care so much about me ? "
tr	10	He knew I knew about him , and he didn 't care .
tr	7	From that day at the Hauptbahnhof , ' Anna replied breathlessly .
tr	8	Kai said in as gentlemanly a tone as he could muster .
tr	10	" We just do what we are told , regardless , " one of them states dispassionately .
tr	7	he entered her from behind her hands on his wrecked knees ... .
tr	6	After a day or so , it slackened , then stopped , and the next day the sky was brighter .
tr	8	The pod rocked slightly on its metal bed , jarring me along with it .
tr	7	Without him , their armies will crumble at our feet . "
tr	7	Your strides are far too long and don 't look right . "
tr	7	He looked off to his left through the trees and across the fifteenth fairway .
tr	7	" Now that you are awake , we will take you to the Firstborn .
tr	7	Instead , the smells of campfire smoke and sizzling meat filled the air .
tr	9	An empire would be born of it and live on .
tr	8	Three months ago , being out of phone signal for more than half an hour would have left her hyperventilating .
tr	8	" Cause he wants to come as well .
tr	6	He shook his head and looked away .
tr	8	" Bloody Huns think they own the sky ! "
tr	10	Without the project she held no backing , no support to further her research .
tr	10	Joe drained some fuel oil out of the heating system to get it running again .
tr	11	" Did you forget to mention something ?
tr	9	He angled the mirror up to see Melody 's grinning face .
tr	6	Which was a horrible track record , but in a way , it was true .
tr	11	I had to admit I was torn .
tr	10	It quickly disappeared when I thought about Aimee , possibly tied up and stuffed in a closet .
tr	9	Sooo happy to see you . "
tr	11	Times changed and budget cuts made it more difficult to destroy the world evidently .
tr	11	From the life of a pirate he longed to go back to being a farmer .
tr	8	" I was from the yard with the pool .
tr	6	There was shock and tears , and then , eventually , it was all over .
tr	8	" Nope , must have been asleep for that one .
tr	8	He motioned for him to continue .
tr	5	Are they fed any supplements ?
tr	11	" Do you still want to marry me ? "
tr	8	" Just listen to him for a moment -- it 's the truth ! "
tr	7	" I can imagine that , " Edie May nodded .
tr	11	I did deserve to be punished .
tr	6	The Commander was reading the inventory report .
tr	8	The common room was completely empty , only the antiques and old furniture .
tr	8	He lobbed the empty at the Jeep Cherokee but it sailed past and shattered in the opposite gutter .
tr	6	" I think , " said Doreen nervously , " that down is more us . "
tr	10	Take me to ... Sergeant Colmes , is it ?
tr	7	Just like I left him .
tr	6	She could be wild and passionate .
tr	5	" Auntie Claire you said another naughty word . "
tr	5	" Almost , " she added , " but not quite . "
tr	9	I didn 't want to be alone here . "
tr	8	The sun had long since slid below the horizon , and it was dark in the hall .
tr	10	I feel something different when I 'm with you .
tr	9	And contrary to their companions ' words , there were young and middle-aged women to spare .
tr	11	This wasn 't home and he was frankly surprised they had made it so far .
tr	7	As the weeks went on , elements of the Navy , Air Force , Army and Marines were reporting in .
tr	8	" What has become of it ? "
tr	9	Still , when she came onto the steps and saw him , she smiled .
tr	6	Until the Dragon -- praise his green scales -- burned them all away . "
tr	8	Our National Guard troops are spread too thin and new recruits are raw and unreliable .
tr	6	YOU MAY GO TO YOUR TREE , BUT THE STAFF COMES WITH US . '
tr	8	They passed three side tunnels before finally altering course , taking a left at a T-shaped intersection .
tr	6	One of the best , in fact , she 's a world class Enforcer . "
tr	9	We 'll have to do some research .
tr	8	His terrifying cry echoed from the rooms of the caverns above the noise of the torrent .
tr	6	Two hours later , he and Buddy left his dad 's place , both with smiles on their faces .
tr	11	Guards walked along with the vehicle , ironically protecting the man about to die .
tr	6	He pointed to a paper on the nightstand .
tr	11	He must have been afraid that he would eventually be deposed . "
tr	11	When the opportunity came to bring her back as a ransom price , he jumped at the chance .
tr	9	I was past the village of Hubbert 's Bridge .
tr	11	shouted a woman who was seated next to Eben .
tr	10	They thanked her and she followed her photographer swishing blonde hair and dark roots .
tr	10	He laughed , came over and shook hands and with a wave of his hand invited us to sit .
tr	7	' On the one hand , Little Spirit , you are a rock band writing pops songs . '
tr	11	I tried to turn to walk out .
tr	11	Did you notice that look he gave us ?
tr	6	Lastly , the way they fell asleep most nights , from the first night after the claiming .
tr	10	People who were barely hanging onto life vanished with all the rest .
tr	11	What would be if Anna would prefer Julian ?
tr	10	" Are we going to get tea ? "
tr	6	" Mistress , " he finally said , " my brethren can be very thorough . "
tr	9	I tried and jumped way over her best on my first try .
tr	11	Cade clenched his jaw against the self-loathing that washed over him .
tr	5	Thirty feet in , we reached a junction .
tr	8	Rushes of air and dismantled pieces of metal flash through his mind in rapid , confusing instants .
tr	6	" Oh shi ... shh ... shoot , " James said with disbelief and frustration evident in his voice .
tr	6	' He paid for it with his life . '
tr	11	He had ridden home , determined not to be separated another night from his family .
tr	6	They 're both still at work . "
tr	6	Gabe looks up from his laptop .
tr	5	Not a creature of barbarity , but a sentient being of kindness and care .
tr	10	I 'd prefer to have you there with me . "
tr	11	This is what it feels like to drown .
tr	6	" Too early to tell , " he said simply .
tr	8	She probably even wanted to die , thought Bethany .
tr	10	Try giving him dried frog pills ? '
tr	7	" Now you gents get some sleep , " Hawk commanded brusquely , " I 'll keep watch till morning .
tr	7	" No , " she sighs , growing serious once again .
tr	10	Taylor 's heart was about to jump into his throat .
tr	9	She 's probably the most timid and easily scared of the four of us .
tr	9	When we got back to the train , Atticus told the conductors one of the cars must 've malfunctioned and detached .
tr	11	I can 't thank you enough for saving my life . "
tr	8	Pete paused for a moment and gave the situation some hard thought , then said , " Ok . "
tr	8	Heroes don 't get vacations , " Navi points out , floating near Link 's head .
tr	9	He stated , " You with your rebellion , Landon , and you with your training . "
tr	10	" I assume I 'll see you at breakfast ? "
tr	11	He so wanted that to mean she cared .
tr	8	We have no idea where Joseph is .
tr	9	She managed to twist away from Alejo just in time , feeling the thickness of his arms brush by her cheek .
tr	7	Dropping her hands from the railings , Claire turned and continued on her way through the reserve .
tr	6	But the prospect now confronting his congealed his blood .
tr	11	" This is how this is going to work .
tr	9	Logan and Phillip are waiting for our return , and we 'll proceed from there , " I finished .
tr	5	The ceiling seemed higher , too .
tr	8	How could he not understand how important this is ?
tr	8	All the sacrifices that he has made have been for you . "
tr	11	Do you want to cancel ? "
tr	7	Chris saw a muscle in Sykes ' leg move .
tr	11	After four turns they had covered a scant three leagues so they stopped to rest .
tr	8	It took longer than before with the 100 tons of fuel aboard the shuttle .
tr	8	Never again would she wear a collar , anyone 's collar .
tr	10	Naturally this made her more determined to keep up .
tr	7	Even mortal enemies would burn each other 's bodies in victory .
tr	7	For a moment the two of them remained stationary , and then the Prince lowered his sword .
tr	8	" It 's a blast kicking butt on real rebels .
tr	7	Do you have -- " He put a finger to my lips .
tr	9	I said while still looking at Atticus .
tr	7	He looked them over quickly , saw no major injuries , and stepped out into the tunnel .
tr	9	At first she had only tried to free herself .
tr	10	Aria braces herself against the metal hull then lifts her hand to her aching cheek and winces .
tr	5	" Um ... lately , it 's ... Vermont . "
tr	10	I couldn 't believe she 'd just take off .
tr	11	It 's like nothing I 've ever seen before .
tr	9	When colonial forces arrived , they tended to do so with overwhelming technological superiority .
tr	9	She gave him a discreet nod , and then turned back to the woman behind her .
tr	10	Now he had lighting to think about .
tr	10	Who knows where dat had bin !
tr	7	She folded her arms across her chest and glared at her husband .
tr	7	Once we were all settled Simon held up a slip of paper .
tr	9	" You know everything about the sale , it was full disclosure ; I shared all news with the staff equally .
tr	8	She 's been living with them for months .
tr	8	" Is there anything you haven 't done ? "
tr	6	A wild army of thumps land hard on the forest floor , shaking the earth with their disruptive growls .
tr	6	" It 's locked , " he exclaimed in a loud whisper .
tr	9	I couldn 't quite believe what I 'd heard .
tr	9	The fate of the Empire should not be in the hands of those incompetents . "
tr	8	His next task was to sell the household furniture .
tr	9	That was all I cared about .
tr	8	Also , if we didn 't return back , neither of us would have gotten paid .
tr	10	Eda remembered a conversation in which she and Adele had fallen out badly .
tr	7	Screwing her earplugs in tighter , Claire fumbled under the covers for her phone .
tr	9	Do you have any emu burgers ? "
tr	11	They agreed to travel the back roads and live off the land as much as possible .
tr	9	" Red , it is never your fault when that happens , " Lisa replies sternly .
tr	11	" To call for a taxi to take me to the airport ? "
tr	11	" We need to close the prison and dispose of the inmates as soon as possible .
tr	10	Mentally she reworded it " Things to annoy your eldest sibling " .
tr	6	On that day , her grand work finished , she had finally joined her fellow Keepers .
tr	7	Mrs. Hearst 's lip curled with anger and she yanked her arm out of his grip .
tr	6	" It 's me , " she said unnecessarily .
tr	10	Let 's unload the groceries and the bags and Mom and I can start getting supper on the table . "
tr	11	What he liked somewhat less was the way the unknown warrior had engendered such admiration in his men .
tr	7	" Do you enjoy it ? "
tr	7	I have mixed feelings about this .
tr	10	What are you going to do with it ?
tr	8	The monks there also used to collect and preserve important manuscripts .
tr	6	" But are you not a pirate ? "
tr	11	She could 've walked out of the back door for all I know . "
tr	9	On top of that , Jonesy was telling them how the shuttle was flying .
tr	8	It had to be now .
tr	9	Wherever it had come from .
tr	5	" He loves it . "
tr	6	No , you do not enjoy that one bit .
tr	11	Somebody who wanted to kill him .
tr	7	For goodness sakes , he should just do it for free !
tr	8	The bulky guy stepped forward hesitantly and held out one arm for her bag .
tr	7	" You 're not hung over , " said Jacob .
tr	9	Its roof had been slit and canvas flogged itself into ribbons as the gale caught it .
tr	7	The secret service agent shook her head and reached for his arm .
tr	7	The old man reaches out , takes the boys chin in his hands , and holds it with unexpected strength .
tr	8	Much of their personal wealth creation was generated from uninhibited expense accounts and clever accounting processes .
tr	5	In his left hand , he held the small black box .
tr	11	I remember their longing to simply spend time near each other . "
tr	11	She must have had another car stashed up there .
tr	9	Taking far too long to contemplate his answer , the boy studies the woman 's face before offering his reply .
tr	10	Drogo , having a lively sense of self preservation and seeing that an argument was brewing , left the tent hurriedly .
tr	9	The man looked up in shock and some sort of sanity appeared to reassert itself .
tr	10	The engines had already been started by the ground crew and had settled into a rumbling idle .
tr	8	Walk me up to the entrance and wait there for me , will you ? "
tr	10	Luckily it looks as though we can transit in one day .
tr	7	Following stupid instructions didn 't bring me any closer to Mom .
tr	10	" Actually , brother mine , I have a concept to run by you .
tr	5	The extra size kind of gave the act more stage presence . "
tr	10	" You have more a sense of justice than Sigmund , " Brand said .
tr	10	I write apology letters to Ryan 's family , and this causes sweet torrents of pain to course through me .
tr	9	They heard rambling sounds and trembling of the ground .
tr	8	' You should be ; I just told you , this is ze biggest day of our lives . '
tr	7	Chapter Six Sir Henry Goldwyn pressed his fingers over his heart and massaged the tightness across his chest .
tr	6	" The older man , in the black -- " Thunder charged recklessly forward .
tr	10	Piss on that last bird , just let us out so we don 't die in here ! "
tr	11	" That 's a name I 've not heard in years . "
tr	11	This is a permanent error ... " People were trying to contend with this unexpected situation .
tr	11	She hugged her so tight Lizzie wondered if Lori could breathe .
tr	8	" Just a group of people trying to survive , you might say . "
tr	6	The door to the observation deck slides open and Aria steps in .
tr	10	He thought , that torchlight is blinding me , but I cannot miss from here .
tr	7	Adele nodded , eagerly leaning forward .
tr	8	" Does this look familiar to you , Miriam ? "
tr	10	In his mind he had blotted everyone else in the room out of existence .
tr	9	Still , her down-to-earth charms have kept him close for this long .
tr	11	He 's worried it will get around about us .
tr	9	She turned back at his words , a puzzled frown creasing her forehead .
tr	9	" Jen , put the monitor on Wi-Fi ; you got ta see this . "
tr	9	" What did you wish for , " Kat asked .
tr	6	It was their land , the most beautiful they had ever known and they were not safe .
tr	7	We drove to a place on Blanding Boulevard right next to a chicken wing restaurant .
tr	10	" I 'm guessing that 's you , blondie .
tr	10	The hero 's boots kick black dirt in his wake as he makes a run for the master sword .
tr	10	Danny tells you an Irishman is after you .
tr	7	It was no one 's fault but her own .
tr	6	" They 're all here , " he whispered .
tr	6	Sally put her shoes on , grabbed her laptop and headed out the door .
tr	11	" Want to join us for a beer , kid ? "
tr	8	With its flat side facing the sky it provided a wide and safe platform reaching half way across the water .
tr	6	The smell of damp earth and growing things was strong .
tr	5	" Very good , Mr. Crabtree , " the Captain nodded .
tr	8	You can do it , " she assures , her pitiless tone turning the Queen 's stomach .
tr	11	I 'm sure that no good will come to me from this .
tr	6	" No he didn 't but your Commander filled me in .
tr	10	It was the greatest gift he had ever received , unconditional love for a rough pirate feared by many .
tr	8	It will be safer for you with us .
tr	7	Whoever they are , Noah thought , they 're enjoying the show .
tr	6	Their choice of weapons differed slightly from the Colonel .
tr	5	Not a damn whisper , no sigh , no sound , nothing . "
tr	9	he explained very coolly , calmly , betraying his own fears only by the way his hand clutched his wounded leg .
tr	7	Got stuck in the ditch over by Blue Rock ? "
tr	5	Pleiadian daughter of the Governor General of the Karo Series of the Pleiades .
tr	11	Nathan wondered again how his two sons could be so different , and not just in appearance .
tr	5	Did Mommy and Daddy drive a car ? "
tr	9	He spoke in a rush , a wide smiling beaming across his face .
tr	8	Whatever this thing was it was already circling around Camden and was looking for blood .
tr	8	She slipped her sweater over her head and stepped out of her cords , " first things first . " .
tr	8	" Is he one of the bad guys ? "
tr	9	Life had been less confusing at the Lodge of God .
tr	5	A perfect square is not , and men are not .
tr	9	In the meantime , he had to stay alert and concealed .
tr	10	The blade sinks into the concrete as it were flesh , pinning the dancer .
tr	7	The last message was from several days ago .
tr	11	Elaina merely shook her head , moving to sit on the log again .
tr	8	You thought I would not know ? "
tr	11	" I would like to think it does .
tr	10	I 'm assuming you 'll make King your First Sergeant ? "
tr	8	That is , until mom walked in .
tr	6	A minute later , they were on the third floor catwalk .
tr	10	For more than two hours they followed Interstate 30 to bring them closer to their destination .
tr	8	No deep conversations -- unless they were about me .
tr	7	Material ripped as Malcolm 's knife cut through my right pant leg .
tr	6	" We only just barely made it , " a woman said to her in a high , nasal voice .
tr	10	We spent days practicing the language among the friendly , raucous venders along the Seine .
tr	8	" It matters not , I have the time to wait . "
tr	8	" Perfect , " I remember saying to myself .
tr	8	" Need to keep your strength up . "
tr	8	" Which is why we 're never there .
tr	8	Three concerned friends surround a hysterical young blonde lady dressed in a skimpy blood stained dress .
tr	9	" Actually , I would love to see the Duomo ! "
tr	8	Hey man , it 's not so bad , you 'll get used to it eventually . "
tr	11	I wanted to try not to think anything .
tr	9	Suddenly the situation was much clearer , they used a typical tactic of deception to fool honest men into rebels .
tr	6	At about a hundred paces he stopped , planted the standard , and addressed the Demon .
tr	7	And why didn 't you tell me about the gun ? "
tr	7	After a few minutes they were joined by the other two .
tr	7	Ochre eyes followed the trail down her neck , over her full bosom and onto her dress .
tr	8	We are in the middle of nowhere . "
tr	8	Alejo finished the last sentence of his story in a rush , and then jumped up from the bed , uncomfortable .
tr	10	Taylor 's suggestion to just take a big brush and paint the whole thing white was met with disgust .
tr	7	His eyes fluttered closed and he slumped silently to the floor .
tr	11	I haven 't met many women who can shoot , " said Jacob .
tr	5	" Yeah , something like that .
tr	10	Red faced Calvin slumped next to Katherine and groaned .
tr	7	That book was worth more than any military weapon the army ever had , or now has . "
tr	7	Finally , Blake stood , took one last sip from his coffee cup , and said " Thanks , Gail .
tr	8	As the carriage started away from the manor , Logan leaned forward .
tr	10	Malcolm sipped his sparkling cider , which I promptly whipped away from him .
tr	11	' The labs should be a couple of levels beneath us , ' said Friedrich .
tr	9	to the barely animated corpse on the other side of the street .
tr	10	He would lose nothing , for he did not want her anyway .
tr	9	" I have seen him negotiate the most difficult and delicate surrender after two days without sleep .
tr	10	He fell backwards , sprawling on the carpet of leaves .
tr	10	Zoe looked ready to jump to her feet .
tr	8	She stopped chewing for a moment .
tr	7	Ryan thanked the base commander for the heads up and the jet taxied out and left twenty minutes later .
tr	11	" I 'd say you have it figured out just fine . "
tr	7	Before his foot hit the ground , Ted had already sidestepped an equal distance .
tr	10	" These are some of the weapons stolen from Clive Barracks recently .
tr	11	" Look at that splinter you 're writing with !
tr	8	" Are you travelling with friends ? "
tr	5	This was their fifth covert insertion ... . .
tr	5	" And a woman , " Father Tomas stated the obvious .
tr	11	I 'm glad , actually ; I was worried it would take all night . "
tr	5	" Oh , dear God , Michael , what 's happened ? "
tr	9	" Sierra Bravo II , we cannot see you on radar , are you still with us ?
tr	9	Imagine what they 'd be thinking !
tr	8	" I told you , he wanted me to give you this . "
tr	7	' Dimitri and the remaining Council members arrived on the island an hour ago . '
tr	11	Now the engine in the Mini sounded like it was going to explode .
tr	11	Onyx looked at Blade who was equally puzzled .
tr	8	What a poor being , exposing its life to grave threat just for them to survive .
tr	11	" I presume you have yet to view your reflection . "
tr	9	It 's not enough to slake the hunger .
tr	7	A muffled affirmation came from Kaylie 's mouth , " Me too ! "
tr	6	A moment later , with a great clattering noise , the rest of us threw our weapons to the ground .
tr	11	Chris glanced up and saw even the state police captain looked down at him expectantly .
tr	6	-- He noticed calmly , but with a hidden thought , she did catch .
tr	6	Where in the three hells are we headed next ? "
tr	11	" Just keep me in check , " said George , " I 'm likely to flatten the fucker .
tr	11	Where did you get it -- I must tell my maid -- " " Wonderful scent , " Uwe responded .
tr	5	" She is a woman ! "
tr	9	A small hole , already present in the material , offers a space to put his thumb through .
tr	5	A slave , a servant , and a prince were we ! "
tr	6	" But how do I tell him ? "
tr	6	The ring was huge , nearly thirty feet across , the mushrooms forming a complete , unbroken circle .
tr	9	Sofia sniffed the scent that tickles her nostrils .
tr	8	Claire took a sharp breath of icy air and began coughing .
tr	9	" I hope that 's Bowmore , " said Robbie .
tr	5	" But just so you know , your brother has a life , too .
tr	7	Especially now , right now , because the hunger has me .
tr	6	Now back the way it was , " he called up to the deck .
tr	11	They couldn 't resist the temptation of going for a swim there and then .
tr	9	Aggressively Beverly suddenly grabs her security chief by the front of his uniform and twists him about viciously .
tr	9	But even if possible , would one of his siblings truly move so openly against him ?
tr	7	Even if it was found , a sign warning of snakes discouraged entry .
tr	11	" I thought you said everything has a place ? "
tr	10	I know that you are familiar with the AK rifle .
tr	8	This was really going to suck .
tr	11	Tim flipped the switch , turning the light from green to red , and faced Reggie .
tr	8	" Can you feel the walls closing in around you ? "
tr	8	She sends another spark and curses as it misses Lance completely .
tr	8	As long as I 'm alive , I have a chance .
tr	10	With my free hand I keyed in commands , knowing General Tani would be making his way up here soon .
tr	8	The panicked agents all leapt back , clawing at their holstered pistols .
tr	5	Not even the Company , and the Company knows practically everything . "
tr	6	" Use what you can ... " " I will , I promise . "
tr	11	Jason deftly swings his arm to point his pistol toward Aria and squeezes the trigger again .
tr	6	' May we come in please ? '
tr	8	asked Joshua pointing at the washing area .
tr	11	She even dares to touch his shoulder when he caught her wrist .
tr	8	See if there is more out there . "
tr	7	" Those are always good , " Bobby said partially to himself as Mike departed .
tr	7	I should probably drink something other than caffeine before my head caves in .
tr	9	What he told me was that he and his mother don 't get that well .
tr	5	" Who is it ? "
tr	7	I had only been to Vienna once before .
tr	10	" If only we could get rid of her for good , " Ben said dreamily .
tr	6	His light blue eyes filled with suspicion and surprise .
tr	9	" It seems that you still can 't fool your old master ! "
tr	10	' But when you harmonise you 're superb , ' Raphael said .
tr	9	He lived that way and didn 't question the purpose of it all ... until recently .
tr	8	" I have had a premonition of Umbra .
tr	11	People say that about accidents , time seems to almost stop .
tr	7	We walked inside , but I turned to the man .
tr	9	This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people .
tr	10	" He 's bound to like something , " Josie said .
tr	11	Simply twisting the knob and strolling right in habitually , Link only considers knocking after the door is swinging open .
tr	8	And if I would tell you , probably you would freak out and you would run away from me .
tr	10	she asked over her shoulder as Jeff treaded water staring at her .
tr	6	But over the past century and a half , the borders of this reservation have waxed and waned . "
tr	8	And he prepared his fist for a punch my hitting his other palm with it .
tr	8	5 out of 5 stars " Wonderful , engaging story " " Wonderful , engaging story by a talented writer .
tr	9	From his elevated position , Ted could clearly see the chain-link fence on the far side of the yard .
tr	9	She lifted her new dress up to her shoulders , " Can 't you see it ? "
tr	7	Dear God , had she really lost him forever ?
tr	10	The dark , dancing colors leap and dance throughout Link 's peripheral vision as the castle walls come into view .
tr	6	Paul lifted his head , " Yes , " he said , reluctantly .
tr	10	He dismissed his employee and turned his chair around to face the bookshelf behind his desk .
tr	7	Her father did not say anything ; her mother covered her face in her hands , sobbing .
tr	8	Nothing seemed to be happening .
tr	10	They already put all the private crop spraying companies out of business in California over a year ago .
tr	9	Breakfast is ready and we have not the time to wait . "
tr	9	At the speed he was running , the gravel patch might as well have been a sheet of ice .
tr	10	he realized he should have asked first .
tr	8	He 'd probably make a good XO for you .
tr	6	And there in the display cabinet shone the Princess 's ring !
tr	9	She rolled her eyes then mouthed one word to me .
tr	10	" I do want him saved .
tr	10	This gave the completed effect that the entire ship had morphed into a monster .
tr	8	Michael was two years older than Ben and had always protected his younger cousin .
tr	6	She hauled Simon to his feet with one hand .
tr	5	" What are you doing ? "
tr	11	There 's no way in hell a bear could have opened them . "
tr	8	A long chain trailed from the foot of one to the bed .
tr	10	Mac didn 't like his chances of getting off easy .
tr	7	Next time though , stay at home after dark , lady , wherever your home is .
tr	9	He saw her look at the bag again and he smiled then gave a slight nod .
tr	7	It lent them strength and haste , however , and the Raptor floated away from the bank .
tr	11	The trench was carefully sited no farther from the central trunk than the reach of the branches .
tr	8	My hands started to feel numb .
tr	8	All this power bestowed upon him , and still , he will die in such a way .
tr	7	" Would you like fries with that , Rick ? "
tr	7	Seeing the puzzled look on their faces , he added , ' You may know him as the Elder . '
tr	9	Without those manual confirmations , the system would start to shut down .
tr	7	With a wave , Claire jumped down from the bus , shouldered her rucksack , and ran .
tr	5	He gathers up the trash .
tr	11	He moaned in the chair as she tried to untie him .
tr	7	I understand it now , but as a baby , it was beyond my comprehension .
tr	6	But as the cries indicated , we were not alone .
tr	9	Taylor didn 't quite know how to respond .
tr	9	In disgust I watched as they ate it just like that .
tr	5	The entire frame formed a heavy , formidable front armor and grill .
tr	9	It 's nearly 1700 miles and should take us about eight and a half hours .
tr	10	Sofia went to follow Chase in the balcony .
tr	11	It 's got to be some kind of joke , right ? "
tr	5	ARC 4 Chapter 31 -- Paragon " Are you very sure ? "
tr	6	" Well , Frank , " said Jake , " I told her right then and there .
tr	5	You too , Riki , and close the door after you . "
tr	8	While the mate was doing that , the captain addressed the bridge .
tr	9	She immediately ducked away into the shadows and kept quiet , listening to the angry conversation .
tr	10	When they arrived back at the logging camp , the pair unloaded the supplies then Scott hurried into the kitchen .
tr	7	The remaining two hundred and twenty-two prisoners were released after a board screening .
tr	9	Dressed in shabby clothes , the telepath didn 't seem like much of a threat .
tr	10	He wished his brother was here to explain .
tr	9	All he needed was for the big man to leave him and the girl alone .
tr	10	She had to sit down for awhile .
tr	6	The Cane itself smelled strange , an acrid but subtle scent like nothing Tavi had known before .
tr	9	Sophia read and read and seemingly began to doze .
tr	7	She reduced the pipe 's flow and ladled in cold water from the jar .
tr	8	" I would have called you , but John said he already had .
tr	7	She kneeled beside him and held out the prepared eggs .
tr	8	" And given out far less , " she growled , voice clipped , fiery , and emphatic .
tr	6	Chewing his gum faster didn 't help .
tr	11	Rausch laughed , turning to look at her .
tr	11	" We need to find the source of these illegal weapons , " his father growled into the microphone .
tr	6	I quickly drop my body into an odd physical place , without warning and balance .
tr	5	" Yeah , but next time I pick the color . "
tr	8	Power falls in the face of courage .
tr	6	We planted the package and the money . "
tr	7	In seconds , the coyote had turned into a red , four-legged , winged dragon .
tr	9	Instinctively , David ran toward the old doctor , frantically searching for cover as he closed the distance .
tr	6	" The portal to the temple is in the crater .
tr	7	" In your dreams , Peter , " said Nora , and she went in for History class .
tr	7	" We need to talk . "
tr	5	Alejo 's eyes radiated hurt and horror .
tr	11	They camped wherever they found themselves when daylight ran out .
tr	7	The speaker attempted a smile , and someone among the watchers groaned audibly .
tr	9	I tried not to think about Aimee .
tr	5	Shortly after that photo , all Hell broke loose .
tr	11	She even didn 't take a towel to make her face dry .
tr	10	" You mean that 's what happened ?
tr	11	We think that is what informed her .
tr	7	" Well then , who else is there ? "
tr	6	" He has amnesia , " Campbell explained to the General on the other end .
tr	6	That 's the real world , I talk , I can chat , I play , I study , I think .
tr	8	Just knowing we 're in Kentucky is good . "
tr	10	" But first give me a moment to get the meat off the grill .
tr	11	Do you think it is connected ? '
tr	6	' Oh , and let 's not forget Rudy . '
tr	9	They 're going to kill him . "
tr	6	At first light , she often wrote to her parents .
tr	6	With a huge jerk , Neil awoke suddenly and sat up .
tr	11	" Uh , I appreciate the confidence you put in us , " Josie said .
tr	8	" However , if you disband the River Guard , swear fealty to him -- " Harald laughed darkly .
tr	5	All the good , the beautiful , the evil ... everything sentient ... all gone .
tr	10	Do you remember the last time we met ? "
tr	11	And now what the hell am I going to do .
tr	11	" I need to tell the truth , or at least some of it . "
tr	6	The man in white shot Timmy a cold stare as the three boarded a waiting horse-drawn carriage and then rolled away .
tr	7	He put it in the old cake tin again and sat down on an old stool .
tr	6	Cleaner , fresher , less feral ... Here we go ... I slowly turned the doorknob .
tr	5	" Sarah , I need my Social Studies notebook back .
tr	8	The darkness ahead grew lighter , distracting me from my grim reflections .
tr	10	" Well , I could tell you ... " " But you 'd have to kill me ? "
tr	8	but then I realized that was not a joke but real .
tr	6	Soon , too soon really , their lunch was over and Ivy 's eyes had drifted shut .
tr	9	If the people ran away , why should it have been bolted on the inside ? "
tr	11	It was a new world and Ethan planned to be king of it .
tr	8	What would Finn think of her if he knew ?
tr	10	" I 'll only have a conversation with you if you act like a human being . "
tr	5	Love , S. Christchurch , New Zealand December 17th , 1943 Dear S , Hello again !
tr	6	Moments later , the lights went off and darkness shrouded the tavern .
tr	11	She wondered if there was something wrong with her eyes .
tr	10	She said her Mom and Dad are sleeping up in the mountains to the northeast of here . "
tr	6	Aunt Syl , or Dr. Sylvia Matthews , was very tall , very tan , and very blonde .
tr	6	Off to the west , the crops stood tall and firm , ready for harvest .
tr	6	Chapter 22 VISITORS In Cole 's room , every item of furniture balanced on a single leg .
tr	6	In time we worked that out , and all in all , I was happy and content .
tr	11	Their actions had literally changed his life , plunging him prematurely into his reign as king .
tr	6	" Back in the day , the Druids studied and practice Grower Magic there . "
tr	8	Gan was glad to explain .
tr	9	Willie , a young man of maybe sixteen years of age , approached their table .
tr	11	I know it 's because you 're afraid .
tr	10	" We 'll figure that out when we get there . "
tr	6	The chain was cool , but the aged Celtic pendant had a unique feel .
tr	8	Two were to his right , with bright lights in them as well .
tr	7	Landon snorted and was deliberately ignored .
tr	11	It was like he just had to have her .
tr	6	Vengeance burning down below , But without direction it has no goal .
tr	6	" I 'm very sorry , my dear , dear , dear Neil .
tr	8	" Friends , you 've no idea how worried I was .
tr	9	They helplessly stood still as statues while the meter high dark object cut through the water .
tr	8	The zombie 's lips drew back in a snarl , exposing rotten teeth and a low growl escaped its throat .
tr	6	she asked , his knowledge seeming a little more than map reading and word of mouth .
tr	11	I guess he knew what was coming . "
tr	8	The storm of blood pouring down upon her in the middle of Hyrule field returns .
tr	11	Her joy to have him delivered back to her was tempered by the knowledge of how vulnerable they all were .
tr	9	Who said it did work ?
tr	11	Then I realize that I 'm still in his room ; that he 's still staring at me through the mirror .
tr	8	His little body lay flailed on the ground as he slowly lifted his head .
tr	9	These observations occurred in the moment before I looked again at the fallen man .
tr	7	He emptied his pocket and held the blue coins up to the fading light .
tr	9	Claire shuddered at the patronising tone in her friend 's voice .
tr	9	It took another hour to uncover the other two .
tr	8	He fought to maintain control .
tr	11	Do you know who that was ? "
tr	7	If he had any hair , it was hidden under his helmet .
tr	6	She 's got it . "
tr	10	Question is -- where , but I think it worked .
tr	10	The pain felt good and almost instantly she felt some of the edge of the day creep away .
tr	11	Maybe she didn 't know just how much this Jimmy had been in love with her .
tr	6	" Maybe it is , " Tori said and looked through the window .
tr	8	The specks grew , shading out the white , mostly brown and green .
tr	10	Jess stood there and looked at her until she disappeared around the corner .
tr	8	I must have fallen asleep .
tr	7	Where had he gotten this limb and why was he collecting firewood now ?
tr	6	Jennie looked round the tastefully decorated room .
tr	10	He decided to go to sleep .
tr	10	Once inside , her eyes had to become accustomed to the dark .
tr	8	Somewhat to his surprise he found Adele stood obediently .
tr	8	The first elevator doors pinged seconds before I reached them .
tr	10	Soon , he 'd have to switch to the whiskey .
tr	7	" But mon ami , " she was confused , " size 38 is a child 's size .
tr	9	He walked over to his office , mentally prepared himself , and then knocked .
tr	10	" I knew it was too bloody quiet , " she said .
tr	7	Alert them too late , on the other hand , and Amanda wouldn 't even reach the front gate .
tr	10	I keep thinking that just maybe Ryan isn 't dead .
tr	7	The Falcon 's second , Tiny Forehand , came and sat next to him .
tr	6	Loads of applause - then nothing .
tr	7	Without missing a step , Hawk leaned over , swept the unsuspecting critter up and popped it into his mouth .
tr	9	Sarah got to her feet and , with a brief parting smile to John , followed Gavin into the barn .
tr	8	He wanted me to be the perfect Spy Games staff .
tr	10	William feeling his blood pressure rising caught and stopped himself from nervously tapping his foot on the rug .
tr	8	It was already dark on both sides of the fence .
tr	7	" ' Tis a matter between those two men .
tr	10	Damn , those canisters are heavy ; it will take us a day to lift them out again .
tr	10	Lincoln figured we could get enough food for a week .
tr	6	I was feeling a little awkward . "
tr	7	Dad kicked the crate out of his way and approached Peyton .
tr	7	How could this happen twice in the same day ?
tr	10	I have to sit down on the bed and plunge my hot hands deep into the comforter .
tr	11	A brief hallway ends in a sizeable room , littered with pools of water and twisting paths .
tr	9	Just to stop Dexter thinking about aliens .
tr	6	Mark clasped his hands together and tucked his chin down .
tr	8	" The big one was called Callahan , the other was Cahill , " he whispered .
tr	8	However , what really took him by complete surprise , was the second set of orders .
tr	6	Dad answered his phone a little breathless .
tr	8	she pointed at a terraced apartment some two hundred yards away and took off , yelling something incomprehensible behind her shoulder .
tr	10	She collected her thoughts and began to question herself , how many lives had she lived ?
tr	6	Tom , William , Samantha , and Mark all greeted him on his return from his shopping spree .
tr	7	The eyes of the monster swelled in horror , but he acted without thought .
tr	7	The white twine connecting the various grid stakes had been cut and was in disarray .
tr	7	" We don 't have any extra money , our apologies . "
tr	7	' And Lionel Messi , always looking for an opportunity , sees the ball run loose .
tr	6	The cool fresh air poured over my face like ice cubes .
tr	6	" Are you that unhappy ? "
tr	10	We took cover in the brush until they were well within our striking distance .
tr	7	Due to their sheer depth , many of these oceans have gone unexplored .
tr	10	" I just don 't think happiness should be forced or expected .
tr	11	You would have been suspicious if I had turned up right at first .
tr	10	Alvin approached her and she started slapping him .
tr	10	And perhaps one or both of you have been sent to help the Princess ? "
tr	11	Might Sergeant Todd have been the bobby who 'd been attacked ?
tr	8	" I hear you boss , but you 're making a big mistake with this one . "
tr	7	The Sergeant Major placed the folder on the conference table and opened it .
tr	6	The three of us were in our upper years with long grey hair and battle scars on our faces and limbs .
tr	11	How can her eyes shine like that in the middle of the night ?
tr	8	If only you could leave things alone .
tr	6	Seconds later , a low beep issued from the containment door .
tr	6	A gold necklace , covered in ash and soot .
tr	9	I stayed close to Gorn and forced the paper into the palm of his hand .
tr	8	I pressed onwards , scraping my arms along the pipe .
tr	11	They have to have just had a child of their own .
tr	9	He was pleased and pressed his side against her to communicate it .
tr	9	I pulled the pin off and chucked it high into the air .
tr	5	The dragon now only had one wing .
tr	6	' This man beat your children , ' reporters or barristers would begin .
tr	10	Instead , Riesling wondered again what had happened between the Guardian and Cade .
tr	9	" To be honest , I don 't know what to think . "
tr	10	Leaving her knot of friends at the bar she approached Danny .
tr	7	Again Missy went to the window and looked out .
tr	11	She ran as fast as she could to her mom and dad 's room .
tr	7	" I only ... the men ... that they should enter from the back .
tr	11	I want her tried and put to death as soon as possible . "
tr	6	" And obviously , most of it is still buried .
tr	11	But what about all the other suits of armour in the corridor ?
tr	11	She 'd learned how to put most men down firmly without offence .
tr	10	So this was what was waiting for them !
tr	8	Jonesy you put her down in the only crater I can see . "
tr	11	It was so huge that it could be seen even in the distant .
tr	6	Talked to him after church last Sunday , though .
tr	8	I grip the table edge tighter and tighter , press my forehead into the polished surface .
tr	11	She barely noticed as someone stuffed in yet another child and lashed down the top on their cell .
tr	9	I am pleased to make your acquaintance . "
tr	11	" I do not believe I am quite up to it this morning . "
tr	5	Inside the Cathedral the Prince barely slowed down .
tr	8	" If it is this electromagnetic thing , how long until things get back to normal ? "
tr	7	It was a common room of some sort , with a high ceiling and exposed beams .
tr	10	Something caught Andy 's eye and he turned to see a rocky outcrop shoot past their right wing .
tr	9	But mostly , he needed to know more about the Lady Grace .
tr	10	he opened sleepy eyes to take her and press a kiss to her fingertips .
tr	10	As the other Officers congratulated Flaherty , Destro turned to follow Captain Nirvana from the room .
tr	9	Slowly , he ventured farther forward , scanning the space for any movement or unusual shapes .
tr	8	" Yeoman , you are a pathetic joke and you are leading our people with a lie .
tr	11	Scott nodded and displayed the clothes he had draped over his arm .
tr	11	" Did you say the name was Veal ?
tr	10	We are supposed to go into risky situations . "
tr	6	There he was , right before her , not four feet away , in real life .
tr	6	I won 't mention it again .
tr	11	Adam couldn 't even entertain the idea of going after them .
tr	5	" This ... man ... " Mack shook his head .
tr	9	The village is located within an arrow shot of the river .
tr	8	Chris smiled for only a moment before his face went serious .
tr	10	It wasn 't as if he was being watched up here .
tr	7	" Alfred will love that , " said Ben .
tr	8	Gabe says she was incredible . "
tr	9	The group walked around the outside of the sterile compartments viewing the three sections .
tr	8	They are of the same material , so they are already bound to each other .
tr	11	The captain refused to take care of them and left them behind .
tr	9	No sooner was he on his feet than he collapsed to his knees .
tr	9	He frowned at the man looking back at him .
tr	8	We visited Astor often ; the little hamlet was coming back to life .
tr	9	I left them here last night -- " " Sent down to the wash , most likely . "
tr	10	Do I have it right ? "
tr	9	Mai yells , growing more accustomed to the beast 's unorthodox attacks .
tr	6	' And then there was this silver ball , ' Spike said .
tr	10	" It 's not our intention to lock you up , " said David , " that would be too easy .
tr	11	I heard a thunderous scream echoing throughout the sky .
tr	9	Maybe they had their hands full when they left here last night ? "
tr	8	" It 's better than it was before . "
tr	6	I mean , it is and it isn 't , " Tessa was slightly flustered and pulled out another one .
tr	6	They walked right up behind Josie with big grins .
tr	11	" This comes from the group that uncovered that double agent in Afghanistan , by the way .
tr	6	He cannot do anything else right now . "
tr	9	But without someone else to share in this discovery , it was all meaningless .
tr	5	" Quartermaster , " after a few rings .
tr	7	Let 's take him to the Sunset Inn and set him in a nice bed . "
tr	10	It still rained hard that he only see a mere silhouette of the forest .
tr	9	She turned it this way and that , studying the cup and she sniffed it .
tr	5	Bryce 's dying cry was his only answer .
tr	6	" And this is my friend , Neil . "
tr	9	Telling them what to do .
tr	8	she asked without looking up .
tr	10	Eda was tired , confused , and slightly worried by Adele 's behaviour .
tr	8	It had been much easier than her first lesson , and she 'd got to her feet almost immediately .
tr	11	I never thought you were that kind of girl , Julie .
tr	10	His angry glare was gone , without Josie ever having noticed it .
tr	9	" " This group Mike was working for -- they 're planning some sort of attack in Moscow , something big .
tr	9	They stayed beside the path for a long time before venturing out onto it .
tr	6	' Hello my darling , is that you ? '
tr	10	" ' For God , the whole world is but a footstep , " ' he quoted .
tr	6	" Wow , what 's the ... " " The purpose ?
tr	6	After fifty feet or so , he released the cord and fired a silent flame .
tr	9	Chapter 12 : It 's a Wonderful World Calamity swirled in and out of black nothingness .
tr	11	They stop being able to feel things .
tr	5	And then the wrestling match was on .
tr	11	I have all the necessary maps and charts laid out in order of your proposed route .
tr	10	Byron extended his hand to help her to her feet .
tr	10	" Yes , " answered Nathan , " I just checked on him , he 's with Big Jim . "
tr	9	Careful where he put his feet ... an old habit ... he stood immobile and quiet , studying the area .
tr	7	Much of it made sense but it did not feel good at all .
tr	6	" She 's pretty though , isn 't she , Noah ? "
tr	7	" I 've been hunting here several times .
tr	10	I knew I had to shoot .
tr	8	A girl your age should be more mature than that . "
tr	9	And then ' dad ' continued : " What 's more you have greatly exceeded your authority . "
tr	7	The much sparser undergrowth at ground level made progress easier , but the fallen , rotting fronds could be slippery underfoot .
tr	9	Chapter Six The world around Andy froze , and then disappeared .
tr	6	All because Cade wanted someone else , or anyone else .
tr	11	Tears fell on her face as she watched the landmass vanished into nothingness .
tr	10	I never thought it would end like this . "
tr	6	A thick , white beard hangs down from his wrinkled face .
tr	8	" Maybe one day you will meet a man like that as well . "
tr	7	Gavin had led her horse into the store too .
tr	9	The sole survivor clutched a repulsive green sculpture of some kind of obese god .
tr	9	The crowd began to cheer Billy 's name .
tr	10	Bad news -- you 're going over to bunk with Benjamin . "
tr	5	" Just tore down a place called the ' Starved Sailor . " '
tr	10	" Yup , " Dave said , " last we saw of them they were galloping through the woods .
tr	5	Last night in my office , you mentioned her a lot .
tr	7	As they approached the gambling parlor , sounds of music and rowdy people greeted them .
tr	7	I cannot speak to this demon .
tr	8	He had to have it !
tr	8	She opened to him unabashedly , pliant under his coaching .
tr	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	9	" That is the Wise Old Man , " Sophia quietly whispered to her sister .
tr	8	a wiry man with a shock of white hair asked .
tr	7	Where once there was suspicion and infighting , now they are together helping each other . "
tr	7	" What sort of place can this be ? "
tr	11	I 'm asking , did they cheat , did they cheat ?
tr	8	Mr. North 's office was strangely on the south side of the corridor .
tr	5	From the ceiling , two large chandeliers provided excellent lighting .
tr	8	By wrapping her cloak around herself , she assured that no one saw anything .
tr	7	A mask , the color of impenetrable charcoal , hid all but her eyes .
tr	10	Are we ready to move ? "
tr	8	He was seeing through 007 's eyes .
tr	9	Abby fumed at Kaylie , " What is this ?
tr	7	We don 't expect him back for another week or so . "
tr	10	" A night 's rest in bed can do much more than any valkyrie or goddess can , " Hilda said .
tr	5	Unlike Tess 's , for some reason June 's image never says a word .
tr	7	Her eyes immediately went cold and she made her way into the living room .
tr	9	He must never know of her perilous travels , or the necessity they possess .
tr	8	Completely forgetting about his wounds he crawled up to the place where the scimitar had lain .
tr	7	Oksana , unfortunately , would be his last dalliance before the big event .
tr	9	" I assume you were addressing me ? "
tr	9	Can I leave my luggage here while I drop in on Kenichi ?
tr	6	" Sure , no , " she said .
tr	8	This isn 't what I signed up for .
tr	7	He 'll never hack through that ! "
tr	9	" And where do you think you 're going ? "
tr	6	" But your concern is noted , and I thank you . "
tr	7	I was the first one over the threshold .
tr	8	' Wan na check out the last place ? '
tr	7	When the leader 's at two hundred feet , the co-pilot asks , " Do you have visual ? "
tr	8	" Why do you have a name from Bolivia ? "
tr	9	The hair on the backs of their necks was raised and their teeth were barred .
tr	9	Col came straight to him , gripping the bare shoulder outside his vest 's shoulder strap .
tr	10	I feel like I 'm living in a bubble .
tr	8	" Poop fleas all over the city , no . "
tr	11	But he did not know what to say to her .
tr	8	I said harshly and pushed Olsson towards Reid .
tr	7	Jimmy leaned back against Josie and drank the water .
tr	8	As a matter of fact , I feel my second wind coming on , " Joe said .
tr	7	He lifted his eyes to hers again , blinking behind the trendy glasses .
tr	8	" Mr. Johnson ... " " And what 's with her staring at the guy ?
tr	10	They lead him away from those his master followed and into a more wooded part of the forest .
tr	10	And they were not going to let her go .
tr	6	I smoothed his hair away from his face .
tr	7	" Thank you , but I can eat myself , " he pouted .
tr	11	" That fellow must have climbed up here to escape her , or one like her .
tr	9	Joe was trying hard to look unsurprised .
tr	9	He had been staring off into the jungle , but now his gaze jerked sharply back to her .
tr	7	Agent Finch emerged , wearing a torn , bloody suit .
tr	9	It was like watching cows chewing cud all day long . "
tr	8	Higher spirits surrounded the fire as their hearts were lifted by the light and the conversation .
tr	11	Did his father know the girl had been the one at the house ?
tr	6	" Why don 't you just say ' Holy Cow ' and get it over with ! "
tr	8	The Mississippi jungle had swallowed the town whole , and left nothing but some bricks and rusted metal .
tr	10	Until Aimee returned , or I 'd rescued her , I 'd make sure Marie was okay .
tr	8	Upon stepping onto the observation platform the two visitors genuflect with their eyes to the floor .
tr	6	" Sir , this shows the emergency site , " Kelly explained .
tr	9	A trio of black sedans appeared in the rear view mirror seconds later .
tr	8	" Nothing 's going on with them , " Simon said .
tr	7	I was caught quite off guard . "
tr	9	I wasn 't exactly a pro at breaking the law .
tr	5	For example , how was your first kiss ? "
tr	7	To the rest of the world , they were just dust in space .
tr	7	The look in the Captain 's eyes said so much .
tr	7	With her good left eye , she stared at the bandaged , cast arm and white bandages .
tr	5	How can that be ? "
tr	7	" I know this part of the legend .
tr	9	It took some time earlier to absorb and integrate the additional data with the control systems .
tr	7	I took another drink from my warm chocolate , watching the stars .
tr	11	It was unusual for a raid to be so severe .
tr	10	But beyond doubt , they knew Lord Henrik would not look past it .
tr	7	The flute quit playing , and after the initial gasp , the people were quiet .
tr	7	' It 's exactly as it sounds . '
tr	5	" And then , for a little while , I couldn 't move . "
tr	9	He 'd have to go outside .
tr	9	Who says chivalry is dead ? "
tr	9	It is not what I would call work .
tr	6	" Faith , man , " Bobby slapped his hands down on his lap .
tr	7	" But that was a week before the Extravaganza .
tr	5	Big and golden-brown like honey .
tr	9	Who and what are you ? "
tr	9	Do we have any crackers ? "
tr	10	It 'll be hard to break them . "
tr	6	" In any case , you 've gotten your wish .
tr	9	You used nearly half of that just getting down . "
tr	5	" Yes , surprisingly enough , I am , " Ted replied .
tr	7	" Yeah , " Gabriel nodded , " With all that ?
tr	9	Realising he was missing , the two orderlies bravely went outside searching for him .
tr	6	After a brief workout each morning , my squad 's on the shooting range full-time in training .
tr	10	He was an irritating boy , but who could resist him ?
tr	7	I slid the needle under the man 's skin .
tr	7	He shrugs on a backpack , hands Gabe his computer bag and motions for the basketball .
tr	7	Quickly , I summoned my right flintlock into my arm and shot out through the wall to my right .
tr	5	' Ha , even the damn soup there is fifteen dollars ! '
tr	10	I 've seen you knuckle deep in your own nasal cavity as well .
tr	10	He chuckled as she squeezed him tightly .
tr	8	They 're like all freaked out ' Where are we going ?
tr	9	He ducked around the back of a tanker truck and found himself running towards the group standing by the Spitfire .
tr	6	To Tom 's amazement , a small globe of orange fire shot from his fingertips toward the open window .
tr	8	No peace , and certainly no hero 's welcome waiting for his deserving spirit .
tr	11	The robberies of government coaches decreased but , even so , it was difficult finding members of the Faith .
tr	7	His eyes lit up and he grinned like a child at the taste .
tr	7	Retreat and regroup at Sanctuary .
tr	10	Mac started circling the area that Jace had indicated .
tr	8	He wasn 't sure about the others , but to him it felt like lifetimes .
tr	10	Connor , I am sorry I not one to save you from Billy .
tr	8	" But you have not even begun to see ! "
tr	10	He had even managed to hunt up some seasonings from this rocky place .
tr	7	I picked up the second letter and of course it was from David .
tr	9	I hope my cornbread isn 't on fire . "
tr	6	" But anyway , speaking of special abilities , what 's yours ? "
tr	9	My body felt depleted , empty of any emotion .
tr	10	I turn around and look at the figure sitting behind the desk .
tr	11	" Why did she think he was the end of your species ? "
tr	9	As soon as he had rounded the corner , he put on a burst of speed .
tr	7	" I lost a lead technologist and close friend in that attack , " said Alfred .
tr	7	You need to listen . "
tr	5	Amber takes a step forward .
tr	5	Neither his dreams nor the inflexible sleeping surface provided him any comfort .
tr	6	For a long black coat and a glowing blue sword , silver eyes appraising and wary .
tr	11	" How do you know that the reports and images were not fabrications for propaganda ? "
tr	9	I noticed that since third grade , but you never told me how you got it ? "
tr	9	The more they forget about us the better .
tr	5	" Old , white , male and rich .
tr	7	" Might be overkill but , like I said , better safe than sorry .
tr	8	He can 't be smothered by earth .
tr	7	Still he didn 't move ... . .
tr	11	" We are creating a community , probably somewhere closer to the sea since most of the men are fishermen . "
tr	9	Narrow courtyards and labyrinthine paths intersected the extensive gardens that fronted it .
tr	8	' Time to get up . '
tr	9	" I can 't believe how long this room is , " Melody said .
tr	7	It 's just funny in a sick way .
tr	9	But I couldn 't let her to kill you .
tr	9	Kill me , and your world dies because of you , if your prophesies are true .
tr	7	When Lucas conjured the light orb , Aiden hastily threw his gloves to the ground and his hands erupted in flames .
tr	9	There was not the slightest hint of surprise in her voice .
tr	8	John tossed aside his Game Boy and pointed over his mother 's shoulder .
tr	9	He must have gotten his body back somehow , she thought .
tr	6	Protection , maybe a defensive campaign - right now I 'm not making any decisions . '
tr	5	This time is different , though .
tr	7	She dropped the match and blew on her fingers .
tr	7	Mac grabbed her by the hand , and they ran down the hall to the elevator .
tr	7	" So , it was you ... The Blood of the Hunter dwells in your veins .
tr	9	Between the three of them they were sure to spot any danger .
tr	5	Yes , this woman , this powerful general and warrior was his granddaughter .
tr	9	I feel like I should thank him .
tr	6	After a few minute Natalie 's face had turned a deep red .
tr	8	" Don 't talk like a fool , " she grunted .
tr	8	" You just shouldn 't be using them , is all . "
tr	11	" Do you think they have a security system ? "
tr	10	It seemed to be about half of its original length .
tr	10	As they got near the center of the camp , Nathan saw why .
tr	8	" Hurry with Rocky , and then come help me , okay ?
tr	10	Tucked under the same arm was another object that looked like a black board .
tr	8	Tori pushed her way through the crowd in front of the Magnolia Boarding School Message Boards .
tr	10	" It must have fallen when I almost fell down the cliff . "
tr	6	Rafe caught Adele 's hand .
tr	11	She and the ambassador continued down the hall , leaving Gao in a state of euphoric shock .
tr	10	He turned his head to look at Sam , sitting to his right .
tr	9	Three men , all of them seemingly talking at once .
tr	9	" ' Bout time for you to brush your teeth , sweetheart ? "
tr	9	" Please , don 't , " she said before Finn checked her hard in the jaw with his elbow .
tr	6	" Calliope , beneath the dome , " the boy replies .
tr	8	I take my time circling the room , running my eyes over every surface .
tr	7	You cannot fight against me .
tr	7	She smiled at Mr. Cantwell as she spoke .
tr	8	The pain was excruciating for Jimmy and the telepath .
tr	10	A narrow path formed through the brambles , branches arching gracefully over their heads .
tr	10	I 'm sorry they took you and not me . "
tr	8	A gentle breeze rippled the sleeves of his shirt and teased the hair above his ears .
tr	9	The dogs were the most dangerous hazard for people with a normal energy field .
tr	9	She knew full well that you would simply squander the money .
tr	7	He flipped the lid open and , as one , Matthew , Bax , and Cordelia tensed .
tr	6	Since then , each new raid only brought more anger and despair .
tr	5	" Yeah , but it 's a church .
tr	10	The struggle to fully open his eyes was all he could manage and nothing more .
tr	7	I don 't know how , but a majority of us captives had survived , a true wonder .
tr	11	She removed his clothing , struggling to get to the bed .
tr	10	Stephens finished his drink and turned to make himself another .
tr	10	Lynn didn 't know if she would ever see her husband again .
tr	6	Shopping list on the fridge .
tr	9	It 's another bit of national pride we maintain , " said Alexandra , patting my arm .
tr	10	You should see how huge some of those things were !
tr	11	The children watched in fascination at the strange girl who had rescued them .
tr	9	It wasn 't much to start with .
tr	7	Estimates of the gypsies numbers ranged wildly between fifty to well over a hundred .
tr	10	Without an instant to lose , Rift thrusts his hand at nothing in particular while calling for Mai 's assistance .
tr	10	It was a thing that touched deeper than senses .
tr	8	Just before noon , I pulled into the town of Troyes .
tr	10	The Prince looked down at himself , and realized he looked very much like a Common stable boy .
tr	8	Both men nodded and left , Sam closing the door behind him .
tr	10	A thick chain at his feet connected him to another prisoner , who followed the first man closely .
tr	7	" In that case , " Mana replied , " she will be a very good woman . "
tr	10	He 's a good judge of character , and I won 't be the one to argue .
tr	8	Tuning them out , Chris turned his attention back to the man on the dune .
tr	10	I said , " Just try and keep us in some sort of firing position .
tr	8	He would listen to me anyway ; nobody ever does ! "
tr	8	Only the most unspeakable torture inflicted upon the most innocent people could generate such a sound .
tr	11	" You know , I suppose to a certain extent that has been true .
tr	7	At the end of the video the crowd surprisingly broke into cheer and the announcer once again baited the crowd .
tr	11	He remembered the garden he 'd left a month ago .
tr	7	" Because it was just him , Johnny , he was still leading Second Clan without a family . "
tr	8	Windows on either side let in plenty of light .
tr	9	Over many hours , I got to enjoy the music and they played it loud over the intercoms and aircraft speakers .
tr	10	To her , he added , " We 'll talk further when you 're rested . "
tr	9	Come aboard and we will take you where you wish .
tr	8	Regardless of her sexual orientation I think she 's a bitch . "
tr	11	David , you need to ensure that Flaherty and Vivien are safe and protected . "
tr	6	One moment they were strange and foreign , the next they were disturbingly familiar .
tr	9	Considering her options for a moment , she knows she is in a hopeless situation .
tr	6	Of all the warriors Talon found , there was only one woman , a contortionist .
tr	11	I am soaked and shivering , sucking on my torn fingertips as I jump from branch to branch .
tr	7	Adele shook her head at them both , and sank to her knees before the pool .
tr	8	The king walked down the aisle , always nodding at the applause .
tr	10	John suddenly became distracted by the unique tapping of raccoon feet in the trees to their left .
tr	7	You still have 2,000 extra feet altitude , " said ground a couple of minutes later .
tr	10	" You 've got to relax every once in a while .
tr	5	' No , you 're not , ' said the raven .
tr	6	At this range , just across the street , its effect would be devastating .
tr	7	After a hasty breakfast they removed the barricade from the door , and made their way back out into the street .
tr	9	I don 't know what kind of trouble , but I have to rescue him .
tr	8	" I 'd rather suffer in the cold ... " Harald nodded and kissed her hand .
tr	5	" Jersey Village , " the albino dwarf added hastily .
tr	9	" She was disguised as one of the men .
tr	9	he snarled , anger changing him .
tr	6	After a few minutes two men entered the room , both in uniform .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " he said , his voice low , warm and serious .
tr	9	" Miriam , " she asked , " did you drink from this cup at all ? "
tr	5	A small lake rest afore the soaring bricked structure .
tr	8	" Aidan , hey , It 's me , John !
tr	10	And it was so ... so amazing to see you there .
tr	7	I got him out , and then one by one I found the other survivors . "
tr	10	Do you agree to this ? "
tr	8	I think that they are both ready .
tr	6	" The oven is good , " said one of them , " however , it faces North .
tr	6	We did it once , we can do it again ! "
tr	8	I experience his feelings for me , and they are pretty intense , at least for now .
tr	6	" Everyone 's weird , " he shrugs and gives me a warm smile .
tr	8	After what seemed an eternity , Joe finally stood up straight .
tr	10	That was all the time the man in the Cadillac needed .
tr	10	" You seem pretty sure that we 're sending you a plane . "
tr	5	" Yes sir , " an enthusiastic voice responds .
tr	6	Bullets flew by , some hitting my old car , a couple hit the back window and glass flew everywhere .
tr	7	The fire was long gone cold .
tr	9	" He used to work for me . "
tr	8	" Now , about those giraffes he 's getting .
tr	10	It was clear that he would not take ' no ' for an answer .
tr	11	" You will find that , of all things , I despise betrayal more than aught else .
tr	7	One lapped on his foot , soaking his flannel pant leg .
tr	7	And people who needed help .
tr	6	" Why did you call him an angel ? "
tr	8	Then he leaned over , pinched Lori 's cheek , and said , " Farewell , little one . "
tr	9	" Mohan , take Toby out to eat and get him anything he wants .
tr	8	" We should head into the village , " I suggested .
tr	10	Taken back by the ferocity of the man 's words , the sentry moved aside .
tr	6	She helped him the second time , then led him along the bank .
tr	6	He took three quick breaths and plotted his course up and over .
tr	11	There was nothing she could do for Devon now .
tr	9	Do you have that ? "
tr	6	" Man , " Jack said , " I need my Indian guy ! "
tr	11	" Ensign Encino , ask Warrior to dock us , whether we have permission or not .
tr	10	Now Sally seemed to be laughing at me .
tr	8	Under the cheap gold paint embossed Arabic wreathed the bowl .
tr	7	He took two steps , and then stopping for a moment ; he glanced back at Waving Willow .
tr	6	on foot ... so keep an eye on her . "
tr	9	A levy was placed on all of these items .
tr	11	But this new message had been unlike anything Ali had ever seen .
tr	7	He got out and looked around , but the place was absolutely silent .
tr	6	I say again , we 're taking heavy fire ! "
tr	8	Fuchs was removed from his office and disgraced .
tr	7	His own bones were far harder than a normal man 's .
tr	7	" If this is the case , he will almost certainly head for Death Mountain . "
tr	9	The heavy volume she held in one hand fell to the floor with a loud thud .
tr	8	The Prince , heart still beating wildly in his chest , turned right and began to run .
tr	6	" Michael , my love , " she said , " my one and only love . "
tr	8	He stretched his arms out and said : " I still have to run .
tr	6	Two soldiers walking the other direction see their fallen comrade and race to his side .
tr	11	Kali knew someone had to be dead .
tr	8	These spirals united in a cloud near the ceiling , forming a smoky arch above the altar .
tr	9	" But the citizens and the council will expect things to be the same . "
tr	11	How could I have known he 'd become so rich ?
tr	7	" Can you see me with all those tough guys , wearing a turban ?
tr	6	In addition , our success depends heavily on the upcoming Presidential election .
tr	6	Surely he would not whip a woman .
tr	10	" Remember that ship I found in the sand ? "
tr	8	She let out a smile and the young woman faintly smiled back , turning its look away .
tr	6	Or rather , where the door should have been .
tr	10	Screw what we used to be .
tr	8	She snored gently and put one hand on his arm .
tr	9	He brought them up to power and taxied the aircraft slowly to the end of the runway .
tr	6	Only way to power the fence back up and close the gate is through the manual override . "
tr	5	To Ambrose , however , the town also had a more sinister connotation .
tr	7	" He 's quite right of course .
tr	7	I gagged on my drink and spit it out on the patio .
tr	5	At first , the figure resembled yet another giant flame .
tr	7	" I don 't appreciate my staff insulting visitors , and Mr. Bishop will leave this airfield very soon . "
tr	11	" It will be just as it used to be .
tr	10	" Look , we 're happy when a patient doesn 't reject the organism .
tr	10	I sit up , fumbling with my gloves before I stop myself .
tr	5	Then , from the other room , she called , " Come . "
tr	7	She didn 't speak again , did not question him .
tr	8	But there was a panic beneath his anger now , and his massive shoulders were quivering with useless energy .
tr	7	The scar and surrounding skin were usually quite numb and the tingling pain had surprised him .
tr	11	' I want you to film and record everything that goes on from now on .
tr	7	The big black guy looked quizzically at Mac , but Mac still couldn 't hear his thoughts .
tr	7	Still , something nagged at Simon 's memory .
tr	9	I ascend past the atmosphere and glide into the darkness of space .
tr	8	" Mom , I think something 's wrong . "
tr	8	I skidded to a halt in the face of the newcomers .
tr	11	Colder than I knew how to cure .
tr	10	The frigid water burned her scalp and she realized she probably did have some cuts .
tr	8	He stopped short and was hit again from behind .
tr	10	I have led as far as I am able .
tr	6	During the entire meal , she winked and gave him meaningful looks .
tr	7	At ten , I opened my eyes and typed in " Immortality " .
tr	8	" She looks at me with that beautiful smile and says , " I know you won 't forget .
tr	8	The metal was cold and he felt the chill of naked metal against his skin .
tr	7	Mana forked up a bit of shrimp .
tr	10	" Just exactly how could I say it that wouldn 't sound thoughtless ? "
tr	11	I would expect them to follow us at a distance and attack our camp tonight .
tr	6	Worms wriggling through his eye sockets .
tr	7	What have you done for him ? "
tr	10	I didn 't exactly get time to ask them questions . '
tr	11	" See what did I tell you ? "
tr	10	I could almost hear the cogs turning in the girl 's brain .
tr	6	" I love you , " he blurted in his most refined Manchester accent .
tr	9	I sit on the edge of the bed and listen to his steps retreat down the hall .
tr	10	" The Veils know that the government are lying to us .
tr	8	" That might make things worse here , " said John .
tr	11	What an addition she would make to his harem of casters .
tr	6	I like it , but not exactly the guards ' regular style is it ? "
tr	10	Coach Simmons was a lot cooler when she arrived , " Jenkins , I 'm the coach , right ? "
tr	6	Seeing our uniforms , a smile splayed across his lips .
tr	8	The neoprene was getting rather intimate and the life jacket felt like an unwelcome hug from a frisky drunk .
tr	7	I jumped into the left seat and took over the controls .
tr	8	Leah had moved toward the other two , but he went straight for the Lord Seeker .
tr	10	Maybe she feels they 're a waste of time .
tr	11	commanded the shooter as he began to load the clip .
tr	11	She came very close to him , but didn 't move to pass through the doorway .
tr	9	He saw his press secretary 's eyebrows lift a quarter inch and the President waved a cautioning hand .
tr	6	Thing like this doesn 't happen every day . "
tr	6	All these pictures of this person I 'd been imaging .
tr	11	The scathing look she gave him deflated him .
tr	7	She had taken over two hundred photographs .
tr	10	Or my mom was a prostitute or the high school whore who got pregnant .
tr	7	I extended my saber , my arm a continuation of the honed blade .
tr	7	She needs transports for troops .
tr	6	" I 'm fine , really , " she assured them for the umpteenth time at the door .
tr	11	The three Lizards smiled at each other as they guided Hailey to touch the fence .
tr	8	The gig arrived right on time ; a young sailor came aboard and hauled in the anchor .
tr	9	It sounded so loud compared to the sound of shuffling papers that they both jumped in alarm .
tr	8	Branches , bushes and trees flew by on the amazingly stable video display .
tr	10	" And there ain 't a single person eats here who doesn 't know it already ! "
tr	10	" Are you tempted to accept ? "
tr	8	Immediately they could see the stall door open , and a shadow as Mohammed entered .
tr	7	" What 's up with the pan ? "
tr	11	The Prince was amazed at how easy the transition was , and how oblivious the others were to it .
tr	11	And then this macho man breezed through the entrance , full of swagger , wearing leather pants and sunglasses .
tr	11	Not wanting to further flame his sister 's wrath he cautiously drove out into the street and out of town .
tr	7	" The Pentagon hasn 't - " the doctor started to protest .
tr	6	" Give me a minute , " he called to the others .
tr	7	Before today was over , they 'd all be rich too .
tr	8	Would this group fall into the trap of jealousy and murder ?
tr	10	He is not so tall , but I can tell that he is a powerful person .
tr	5	" What does he want ? "
tr	6	' Yeah , ' he replied with a grimace .
tr	10	More guards appeared in our path the deeper we ventured inside the island .
tr	6	" Stop , " Stacy and Sarah yelled at the same time .
tr	10	Blackmail noted and accepted I sat back and waited .
tr	8	" We could have a set time , say ... " here Jim looked at his watch .
tr	7	The cousins took this wonderful tapestry in pictures , said their farewells and went on their way .
tr	10	" I doubt that , since you left just a few seconds ago .
tr	11	I 'm sure he 'll head for the forest next .
tr	8	We may need more than one drink , " Jacob said .
tr	8	He took one last glance at the -- Panamanian ?
tr	9	" You 'll have to pick up your mother tomorrow .
tr	10	Jason reaches down and helps Aria to stand on her feet .
tr	10	How does she manage to talk non-stop for so long ?
tr	9	She would have to report it .
tr	10	You dare to question my ... " " Silence !
tr	7	She needed more soap -- for the dishes , for their clothes , for their baths .
tr	8	" Thanks , " the Prince said , " but I 'm not very tired at the moment .
tr	7	Watching the old man with sad eyes , Rift climbs to his feet and pockets his treasured box .
tr	5	And Rome , well , that 's just crazy . "
tr	7	The spirit of the cougar was strong , and he kept ahead of us .
tr	11	He seemed to be talking more to himself than to Matthew .
tr	8	I take my time with the handcuffs , giving them long concentrated pulls .
tr	7	To do anything , we 'll need their support .
tr	10	' They 're on an island in the Mediterranean sea , somewhere between Sardinia and Sicily , ' Victor replied steadily .
tr	6	" Not enough time in the day , " Adam parroted with a mocking tone .
tr	6	Said Toby was her son from Grant . "
tr	8	What matters is what you use it for .
tr	5	Miniature pies , miniature cakes , little tiny cookies , and the like . "
tr	11	I don 't believe I have ever heard of that town .
tr	8	" This ring comes from the time of the Great Master , as does the collar .
tr	8	She walked around the tree and undid the ropes tying him down .
tr	6	" Chica , above all else , don 't let your guard down . "
tr	6	John said not a word but hugged his father fiercely .
tr	11	They had all been listening to feverish commands over their earpieces .
tr	8	Josie slowly , methodically , fired , correcting her aim , and walking her shots up the giant 's body .
tr	6	" No , the Arch Mage was blond , " a handsome woman with black curls replied .
tr	6	Their noses upturned , they resumed their dealings with no other thought towards the vermin parade .
tr	11	However , there was something she could do about it .
tr	9	" This is the way to travel , " said Rick laughing .
tr	10	Wednesday 22nd June 1983 Back from his day shift Danny sat watching Nationwide .
tr	7	Her elegant visage , marred with dirt and small bruises , remains static despite Link 's efforts .
tr	10	If my mama could see me now ... " and she chuckled , the captain grinned sheepishly .
tr	7	" I always did love that boy , " he said .
tr	5	" Trust me , in that slinky little thing , you will . "
tr	11	In the end , it was the nothingness of sleep that claimed him , the mercy of empty dreams .
tr	10	" You mean all he ever does is fish ?
tr	9	He looked at this man and then looked down at the diary in his hand .
tr	6	New waves of shame washed over her .
tr	11	He almost felt as if he had arrived at the grown up table and he liked that .
tr	7	The house had gone quiet again , the accustomed stillness settled back into the room .
tr	7	" That 's right , " I said in my most threatening tone .
tr	8	" I will be back with Pedro , I promise . "
tr	11	In horror , I looked at him to see if I had misheard .
tr	6	" Yeah ... maybe ... but anyway , it was a pretty good six months overall don 't you think ? "
tr	6	The rest of us go on a quick search too , for weapons or food .
tr	6	" High Explosive , " Ted replied , " The trip wire was a cool trick .
tr	8	We still have a whole planet filled with enemies out there somewhere . "
tr	7	He rarely traveled long distances and , when he did , he invariably remained awake for the entire duration .
tr	5	The beautiful table and the big black chairs gave the room an elegant , plush feeling .
tr	11	Mia asked herself whether they wanted to cook anything together ?
tr	9	I tried to step back , but the wall of minions blocked my way .
tr	10	Greedy , arrogant people , stepping on him for no better reason than the simple fact that they can .
tr	11	He went into Lilly Ann 's back yard to find a suitable piece of metal and a length of rope .
tr	8	Mariposa tried to look bored .
tr	10	Maybe you two should join up and start something , " Joe continued , trying to keep the peace .
tr	10	Mike dried off , put on some pyjamas then prepared his bed .
tr	10	I 'd known he was a Courtier , but not exactly what that entailed .
tr	11	Your parents were still waiting to see what happens .
tr	8	He would be gone sometimes for months .
tr	11	Sarah looked at Paul as if she 's about to puke .
tr	8	The Gordo 's employees joined in too , throwing frozen , uncooked burgers from the freezer .
tr	10	After a few deep breaths Elaina turned her back on the town to face the small crowd of villagers and Watchers .
tr	7	Joe hit the cylinder release on the revolver and ejected one single cartridge .
tr	10	We tied up ; the wharf was packed , everyone focused on the damaged bridge .
tr	9	Over his shoulder through the plastic of the barn window , she watched the snow fall .
tr	9	" Sure , why would you be walking and you with three big horses just standing around ? "
tr	9	Pleading to stay with her .
tr	7	" They 've been working hard .
tr	6	Of the many other archangels , only Michael , Raphael , and Gabriel have retained their foothold .
tr	10	Normally Amy would have followed Danny like his shadow but she left him in solitude .
tr	8	Finding his son had really been a matter of chance .
tr	9	He took measurements of the leg connections and then the rest of VIN 's body .
tr	7	Both men assessing each other as both bowed in chivalry .
tr	8	She hovers above the destroyed body of Lance at a safe distance .
tr	7	They were brothers , not by birth but in spirit .
tr	11	Sky stirred beneath the covers and Claire lowered her voice , not wanting to wake her .
tr	9	Aria smiles and draws just a bit of will to the end of her fingertips .
tr	8	" Now let 's go plan a technique to win the game . "
tr	11	Reggie expected some push-back , but everyone just nodded , with some even giving him encouraging smiles or nods .
tr	5	The queen , Ashe , Max , Cole , the Shades .
tr	10	I thought he had taken something from me .
tr	7	The rest of the Contra 's crew had already left .
tr	10	Scott watched the little girl move down the slope easily and thought she looked like a mountain goat .
tr	7	Peter lives up in Leeds but comes down here quite often .
tr	9	Terry had placed an old wooden chair in the middle of the room .
tr	8	Believe me , Joseph , the Faith has long been well-suited to such a thing .
tr	6	Like I say , he took a shine to me .
tr	8	Nathan turned and resolutely climbed up the hill to his family and the awaiting light and warmth .
tr	6	" This , " said Logan , " is a sword .
tr	10	This also makes the most practical sense given the current war with the West Tennessee Republic ( WTR ) .
tr	6	Finally , the vamp finished her food and pushed her empty plates away , then met my eyes .
tr	10	Jimmy looked around , not knowing what to do .
tr	9	Is that how he thought of me ?
tr	11	Do you want to celebrate ? "
tr	8	The creature was already dead -- working with a body held no horrors for him now .
tr	9	But this little girl is sitting here petting the coyote and he 's not objecting . "
tr	7	He got up and donned his dark pants and crisp shirt , watching Elizabeth all the while .
tr	11	" They need to load HE and fire on the ship 's bridge .
tr	11	Were you able to find that ? "
tr	8	I have already drawn up a plan of the security system at the Museum House .
tr	9	" How do you think she learned all those moves ?
tr	8	Mr. Clancy told of his lessons in the art of cooking .
tr	10	" Not for the life of me , but we need to come up with a better plan .
tr	8	" Because you 're so fucking good at that ! "
tr	10	The entire city was moving , like some enormous anthill disturbed by a child 's insistent prodding .
tr	10	- I don 't want to talk about it .
tr	9	Before she could comment , Kaylie walked over , carrying her new prized tunic like a priceless artifact .
tr	11	As soon as he reached the main gathering , he decided it was time to leave .
tr	10	He had put it on mute during the briefing and hadn 't bothered to reset it .
tr	9	Be able to help people .
tr	7	Most normal dogs , especially aggressive ones , will make and maintain eye contact with a person .
tr	9	That is why we call them and the other boys ' the missing ' . "
tr	11	They wasted no time in dumping the kayak and heading into the garden shed .
tr	7	" Are you alright ? "
tr	6	" Ohh , bad move , man , " a voice behind Jin said .
tr	10	Power and insanity was not a good combination , as he learned from the history books .
tr	8	" You brought all these people here to help us . "
tr	5	Gabe 's voice is suddenly low , raspy .
tr	11	That 's easier said than done .
tr	9	His younger daughter , Jessica , really did decode its clues with her own unique brand of curiosity .
tr	8	All right , we 'll take him to Vale , " she said .
tr	5	No handholds , no cracks or ledges , just flat , even rock .
tr	11	John started to get bored with this really long walk .
tr	8	If she was bringing it up , she obviously planned on telling him .
tr	9	" That 's what I told them , " said Jim , " but they seem serious about it .
tr	5	" Elle , get out , right now . "
tr	10	He had known them as closely as one knows brothers .
tr	9	He asks , releasing a sigh of frustration .
tr	9	" About three weeks if they 're whole ; three days if they 're not . "
tr	5	Pale skin , black clothes , no lunch , and that whole brooding thing ?
tr	9	Does Iris want her to find someone with the name Agatha ?
tr	11	I spent my whole school life trying to stay away from your vicious tongue .
tr	6	Stunned , everyone swiveled their heads toward the wall at once .
tr	8	" She 's a girl , " he continued , staring at Valiant .
tr	5	" About a year ago , we met Marley and Josh .
tr	8	The thudding noise filled every inch of space in the room around her .
tr	10	He flew at Connor spinning his nun chucks in front of his upper torso .
tr	9	" Usually , all summer long I have to deal with seasonal allergies .
tr	8	The guy looked about her age , maybe five ten , wearing khaki pants with pockets everywhere and leather sandals .
tr	10	" The ambassador from the castle , " the guard adds , trying not to sound insulting .
tr	7	Then his hand found a rough branch and he pulled his head to the surface .
tr	9	Having won the fight , the king of thieves cannot understand why his body still quakes painfully .
tr	5	" Get your ass up , Sergeant ! "
tr	8	The real crunch came when Gema got ' The Job . '
tr	8	he shouted and then tripped on some loose gravel and sprawled headlong on the cave floor .
tr	8	She took his arm and nestled next to him for a brief instant .
tr	9	What he did to that woman was ... " Voice # 2 : " Yes , memorable .
tr	11	These quiet moments alone were the hardest because inevitably they gave me time to think .
tr	8	Jessica retorted in support of her father now .
tr	5	Roman , Rick , and Chase , the bachelor brothers , " he said wryly .
tr	9	He shook his head , and with much conviction he added , " Church is boring and saints are dead . "
tr	7	Duncan closed the file and extended it toward her .
tr	10	Ricky found some branch and was thrashing the brush as he tagged along behind .
tr	6	" More than a week , sir , I should say , " he said .
tr	7	" It 's you , " Cera pointed out , " it 's always you . "
tr	8	" Should we see if there 's any information ? "
tr	7	Passing the priests ' quarters , the rooms were of shabby stone and boasted only straw beds and chamber pots .
tr	9	The general took two braves , and they went to the house of Morning Star .
tr	9	The captain walked inside a small chamber just outside the gate and began cranking the thing open .
tr	6	Chapter 3 I dropped my bags , coats and my briefcase on the foyer floor .
tr	8	" Give me one minute and then I 'll let you leave . "
tr	7	I studied the dark circles under Anna 's eyes .
tr	10	Lisa snaps her fist into the side of Aria 's face knocking her back with surprising force .
tr	5	The sound , again , and this time , I recognize it immediately .
tr	10	Tyler tried to help him get up .
tr	11	" Okay , so what am I supposed to be looking at ? "
tr	10	They continued without incident for approximately an hour before the shouts echoed from behind them .
tr	7	' He wants to meet . '
tr	6	And someone as sweet as Marie ?
tr	10	There should be no time to be wasted .
tr	9	And the Angel recalled the numerous times that the angels and Mary had helped people .
tr	6	Outside , as a human , I had starved , caught several diseases , and ended up shot .
tr	8	" I had to Skype the folks .
tr	6	A rabble of thieves , " he adds with a sad chuckle .
tr	7	" Why didn 't you lead them away and sneak back later ? "
tr	11	They had been frightened to even approach the burnt boat .
tr	9	But that is only the start of both gang boss 's problems ... * WARNING !
tr	8	He nodded his head in decision , " Voices , and not far away . "
tr	10	James continued on , evidently emboldened by the support of his peers .
tr	10	David held John to him and took the two steps to Sarah to gather her into his arms as well .
tr	6	" Hold your ears , " he warned .
tr	8	We shot them to pieces and burned their lands , but Napoleon and the rest of them tried .
tr	8	' Broadly speaking , he seemed opposed to my existence , ' I murmured .
tr	8	" Stop , T , play at half speed , forward , " Alex commanded .
tr	9	Akane not wanting to fight ?
tr	9	Gabe tries to laugh it off , but he 's quiet for a long while afterward .
tr	7	The white of eggs , oil , crushed flowers , even seeds and beetles ; they all went into her pots .
tr	9	That is what comes of sympathy !
tr	9	" I just wanted to say goodbye to her . "
tr	6	Well , now she knows , one way or the other .
tr	8	The new guard was alert when his watch first started , but after an hour his interest waned .
tr	5	Over the top a lush garden and tall trees were visible .
tr	11	The high ceiling was golden with beams the size of oak trees .
tr	9	Austin was our resident expert on the types and colors of droppings .
tr	11	Even if after I will tell you , you have the right to end what Helen started . "
tr	7	We turned through several arched doorways , climbed and descended stairs , and finally came to a sunlit greenhouse .
tr	7	" Sit down David , long time no see , how 're things up in Hereford ? "
tr	10	Harold knew what was coming next , there would be appeals to reason , and mercy , and more discussion .
tr	8	" What 's with these Kwanzaa characters , anyway ?
tr	6	Cliff Peyton had called my dad .
tr	9	The plane jiggled a little as Archie struggled between food and flying .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , and no , " Brendan answers him .
tr	6	Halfway to the next landing , the sound of gunshots rose up from the stairwell .
tr	6	" I mean , what is his problem ?
tr	11	As soon as it became clear that the aliens were not friendly , the language had shifted immediately .
tr	8	It stretched to fit her perfectly .
tr	5	" I really hate him . "
tr	8	The long halls and the muted light filtering in through the stained glass windows made me whisper .
tr	10	I found this thing still parked in the showroom of the dealership . "
tr	9	Out in the courtyard , she watched John as he put his dogs through their paces .
tr	8	They 've all been evacuated and sent to temporary compounds .
tr	9	The tension finally broke as the bridge crew cheered themselves hoarse .
tr	11	I don 't know how I 'll ever make it up to you . '
tr	11	It 's nothing I wish to discuss .
tr	9	Finish the job you started , " the girl states with vitriolic hatred .
tr	7	" Oh , give her the silly thing , Dora , do .
tr	8	Those who did not know or understand , through no fault or malice , could cause him the most harm .
tr	6	A few minutes later and all three pieces were in the spherical chamber .
tr	10	You 've got to be kidding me .
tr	8	" The crystal is not owned by us folk . "
tr	11	I ask as he comes flying at me .
tr	9	We cannot afford to get lost . "
tr	10	I chucked a charged baton at my target , following it with a knee to his face .
tr	11	Most of the people present didn 't even acknowledge it , probably assuming it was something outside .
tr	6	" For as long as the Vampire blood remains in their circulation . "
tr	10	I felt Ra and Seth come into me and reunite my essence , and then an explosion came from below .
tr	9	Adele had not raised her gaze from the contemplation of her joined hands .
tr	10	She closed her eyes , enjoying the closeness of him , her heart racing .
tr	10	I reached for my phone as she reached for hers , it seemed we both had calls .
tr	9	Only a few moments earlier , he had been giving even odds on Joe and Jake .
tr	10	We 're going in to help out Captain Llama and his people .
tr	10	" Yes , Johnny , that 's when we began eating each other .
tr	8	' You boys aren 't in some kinda trouble now , are you ? '
tr	8	However , he only responded with , " You are correct .
tr	11	Instead they cleared a path for the truck to drive through and continued with their odd tasks .
tr	7	You 've about three seconds to decide .
tr	6	Charlie recited ; his favourite TV program was CSI Miami .
tr	8	" Thank you for inviting me .
tr	6	It was long and curved with a wide , mirror-like blade , darkly stained .
tr	9	The jeweller checked Andy , more than a little concerned by his rapid slip into unconsciousness .
tr	6	" I can 't , Ethan , " she said through her tears .
tr	9	she heard him mutter under his breath .
tr	11	" She 'd been acting strangely since she returned from that last mission .
tr	7	" That werewolf bite a few years ago didn 't affect you , " Maria said calmly .
tr	8	ordered Jeff , a tank of a boy and the senior cadet on campus .
tr	8	When Joe rounded the corner , on the other hand , it was a completely different story .
tr	11	Do you know who this is ? "
tr	6	" We fought , but there were so many ... He was cut and I was taken .
tr	6	' I can build this . '
tr	9	She took Taylor 's hand in both of hers , " I am Lilly Grace , Lilly Ann 's mother . "
tr	10	When they came out of the woods , Chris walked Sarah home and said they would see each other again .
tr	8	" One of these dying today is a traitor to the High King and to his sovereign realm .
tr	6	" To ... Er ... Clean up my room , " I told her in my nicest voice .
tr	5	Maybe not even a bad one , just a " Could do better " .
tr	9	He could hear a heavy volume of small arms fire just to the north .
tr	9	" So what 's going to happen now ? "
tr	10	Know that all treachery will be dealt with swiftly . '
tr	6	She cleared her throat and mumbled , " Right now ? "
tr	8	" You don 't even know if those things work ! "
tr	7	The back of my neck tensed at the urgency in his voice , and I glanced around .
tr	9	Mrs. Jackson scowled , raising one eyebrow for a question mark .
tr	7	Ahead , wave after rolling wave painted the movable mass of the sea .
tr	9	The smooth road was a relief and it would take them back to the house and stables much faster .
tr	6	They were damp and cold , his shoes heavy and squelching with water .
tr	10	I 'm surprised there hasn 't been more .
tr	5	I am late , so very late . "
tr	7	The dogs were getting close and I was getting extremely tired , my legs were numb and my head ached terribly .
tr	8	I can lend or give you however much you need .
tr	8	From my pocket I took a roll of duct tape and ripped off a length .
tr	9	The room was soundproof and featured a small single bed , a digital alarm clock , and a selection of snacks .
tr	6	" A moment if you please , Brogan . "
tr	8	Without waiting for her response , he marched off .
tr	6	A man in an iron breastplate got up from the campfire .
tr	5	" This is Lo ? "
tr	10	What if he was lying in a foreign hospital or tied up as a hostage ?
tr	8	" We 're prepared for that , " said Avi .
tr	8	said Ben right into Michael 's ear , so that no-one could hear .
tr	6	" Besides Arabic , you speak , read and write French , Italian , Spanish , German and Chinese ? "
tr	8	He would put this around her neck with his own hands .
tr	7	The Phantom tempered its statement , " May the soldiers of the Great Shadow never perish in vain . "
tr	7	" That I am Clancy , that I am . "
tr	6	Like almost everyone , and certainly the girls , his favorite spot was among the dogwood trees .
tr	11	" And we 'll get the bitch did this to me ... and him , " he said .
tr	5	" Lieutenant John Granby , unassigned , " the dark-haired man said .
tr	7	It 's not far and it 's on the way .
tr	9	It 's going to kill you !
tr	8	I 've been casting around for a new challenge .
tr	9	' I particularly want to meet with Mr Soul .
tr	6	" Why are you telling me all this right now ? "
tr	11	Soon it was standing room only and some of the people who had just arrived yelled over the crowd to partake .
tr	10	There is no ignoring that many reports -- something is out there , whether or not it is after me yet .
tr	8	I 'll take care of it .
tr	8	It would have to do .
tr	9	Presently she got a huge front foot on the stump of the shaft and managed to tear the blade out .
tr	7	This seemed like a shallow hope , but what could we do ?
tr	5	The bear on my chest pants angrily .
tr	8	The second time , John accompanied him and they brought back a live chicken .
tr	11	" Does it mean it 's going to happen ? "
tr	9	For him each passing breath seemed painfully long as he closed the distance in a dash .
tr	11	The scope of power and repression that could be asserted by an inventive government seemed endless .
tr	8	He sat on the side of the bed .
tr	5	Deep purple bruises , black eyes , and open scarlet cuts permeate their skin .
tr	5	" Hey , there 's an open window up there . "
tr	9	There was something else he thought and then he had it .
tr	9	Signor Beppe joked as he broke down into laughter .
tr	6	Not very comfortable clothes for traveling .
tr	10	" Surely you don 't mean to leave us out here in the cold . "
tr	8	Without doubt , if anyone came after her with a collar again she would kill them in a blink .
tr	8	Slowly but steadily , I started to perceive my own consciousness .
tr	11	She returned an hour later , after her family had suffered a long while in the cold .
tr	10	Why make an easy path from the sea to the city , why eliminate the natural defenses of weather and height ?
tr	5	" A year , give or take , " Gaius mused .
tr	11	If 'n I was in their shoes , I 'd do the same , or worse . "
tr	8	" Take a coffee with you , Ms. Jennie , it 's still pretty cool out there . "
tr	9	He untied the line anchoring the yacht to port and quickly made his way to the helm .
tr	10	The vision was somber that had taken her heart .
tr	10	That gives you an advantage most other women would kill for .
tr	11	Julian didn 't know where she wanted to go .
tr	9	" There has been no sign of Raven since the Baroness was taken . "
tr	8	Zeal spotted me and opened her mouth to speak .
tr	7	" It must be a camp , " he said .
tr	9	" Please tell me that he is not a lawyer . "
tr	6	I catch his elf eyes open and bright in the rearview mirror .
tr	11	But I am willing to try , " Ricky replied all excited to be of a mysterious adventure .
tr	11	She couldn 't believe that they had all fallen asleep .
tr	7	" As I mentioned , I 've only been there once and only for a week .
tr	7	Talk to you later , Alejo . "
tr	10	Do I have to ? "
tr	8	The Daemon raised its staff , lightning crackling along its length , and brought it down .
tr	10	Walking through the front door was like returning home from a long trip away .
tr	6	' This was my mistake , ' Cora said , a shake in her voice Murray had never heard before .
tr	7	asked Nathan with growing confusion .
tr	7	Unfortunately , I caught one on my shoulder and struggled with it for a few moments .
tr	5	At the breakfast table , Melody broke the silence .
tr	9	" Is there to be another guest , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	11	" If you knew what I was thinking you would know that you need not tell me that .
tr	7	Another pint of Coke and an hour later Amy pulled him to one side .
tr	7	Atticus walked past them , his alcohol stench trailed close behind .
tr	5	" Class Ten , Nine , Eight and Sevens are extinct .
tr	6	Chapter 3 The drive to Evie 's cousin Jess ' house was quick , only fifteen minutes from our dorm .
tr	8	When he was finished , he stood back to admire his work .
tr	7	He pointed at her and then at himself , and then stormed out of the class .
tr	8	They had all gotten stretched thin with their schedules back in Jacksonville .
tr	8	" Right , " the patriarch nods , climbing to his feet .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " said Beau .
tr	9	A semi-retired furniture dealer , Barney had started out fifty years before with just one store in a burned out warehouse .
tr	11	No ... I wanted to forget , but how to do that .
tr	6	" He 's alive , " the agent announced .
tr	7	In fact , that 's one of my new rules .
tr	11	They told the others their plan to capture the canoes and get away downriver .
tr	6	My eyes blinking slowly , my breath caught , I glanced up at my friend .
tr	5	" Well ... okay . "
tr	9	Andy tried to hear more but the noise of the approaching plane drowned the men out .
tr	8	The muffled sound of the shot in the house reached the watcher up on the knoll .
tr	10	The truth is whatever I say it is .
tr	8	" No , not exactly " he replied in kind of a weird way .
tr	9	The roar coming from the rear of the vehicle was deafening .
tr	8	David and John were on their feet in an instant .
tr	8	Looks like somebody has a fire over near the settlers ' ruins . "
tr	8	But what if they are wrong ?
tr	5	" Captain Wayne , during your military career , your expertise was extraction and rescue .
tr	11	Bradley opened his backpack , doubtful whether he would find anything useful in it .
tr	9	" What 's the difference of dying now or later ?
tr	8	The Prince let out a low moan , and then nodded , unable to speak .
tr	8	It has to be Warsaw .
tr	10	How I had expected , she left leaving me again with a sorrow in my soul .
tr	5	" Because I 'm just some dumb hick , right ? "
tr	7	By sheer force of habit he recited the declaration in Arabic .
tr	10	" What gives either of you any hope that these villains won 't simply follow you there as well ?
tr	8	A few seconds later , an agent announced the back door was unlocked .
tr	7	" Come on kids , let 's go .
tr	6	The old Sami was gone , and he was a different person now .
tr	7	They 've kidnapped Archduke Phillip , and Fuchs will kill the king today .
tr	11	He stared at her so intently she forgot to be sleepy .
tr	10	His agile mind put two and two together and he realized what must have happened .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	10	He 's got to be in here .
tr	6	To the horse , Edward said , " You are one ugly mother ... " Clint interrupted him .
tr	9	How do you propose we get to Russia ? "
tr	11	You need to learn to follow orders !
tr	10	No , no , instead she just asked , " So , where do you live ? "
tr	7	After lunch , it was time for botany .
tr	5	To his surprise , the bear stopped again .
tr	11	Tracy wants you downstairs and what 's going on here ? "
tr	9	He took control of the prisoners and continued on his mission with the prisoners in tow .
tr	6	She looked a lot like every teacher at my school .
tr	8	He stared directly into Melody 's eyes with the most reassuring look he could muster .
tr	8	I will not let you harm my husband .
tr	10	Usually he was done feeding the huge birds by about five .
tr	10	Then she pushed him off the top of the fence in a move which surprised him .
tr	8	" Now , could be it was an accident ... , " I started .
tr	9	" Mommy and Daddy aren 't going to wake up are they . "
tr	11	" Well , I 'm fine thank you , how are you ? "
tr	8	A dark red , fairly new , Chevy Impala , " All we 're missing are the dogs . "
tr	8	He still lay on the ground with a horrified look in his bulging eyes .
tr	10	She knew Mason wouldn 't bother explaining .
tr	7	I find a new thread and pull it loose .
tr	11	She knew terror was written plainly across her face , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	10	Before they could even look down a large , indistinguishable shape shot up past their eyes and they fell back .
tr	10	Five weeks had been enough to teach her suspicion , hatred , and despair .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or localities is entirely coincidental .
tr	9	" I did not ... " Rand broke off turning toward her again .
tr	7	" You first , " Bax ordered Ochoa , half shoving him toward the lift as he spoke .
tr	8	That yard at the bottom of this hill is too green . "
tr	9	CHAPTER TWELVE Toby jumped onto the sofa in William 's study his new black suit , stretching .
tr	9	Now we 're going to tidy this room .
tr	9	His mustache twitched before he stroked it into obedience .
tr	11	Hardly had he finished speaking than , with a jerk of his wrist , Finan threw his dagger .
tr	5	" Technically , you did , Alfred . "
tr	9	But I had bigger things to worry about .
tr	7	The troops flew through the door and raced down the hallway .
tr	5	Over the past few days she and Roberto became good friends .
tr	6	Then , taking a long pull , I swallowed the drink without tasting .
tr	9	" I 've got to find Savana .
tr	6	Immediately , he reacted out of instinct .
tr	9	To see him in her father 's elegant suit put her self control to the test .
tr	9	Splitting up the skid he placed all the beans on shelving for future order fulfillment .
tr	9	Meanwhile , I 'll prepare his body to follow .
tr	10	It 's still listed as owned by Commercial Property Management . "
tr	6	" Well , thanks for the cookies .
tr	9	He stared at it a moment before lifting it from the drawer .
tr	6	There were absolutely no dents or scratches anywhere .
tr	9	Melody looked down at the rifle in her hands and just shook her head .
tr	10	Luckily , Tracy was sleeping in her room so they could easily steal it .
tr	7	Gabe grips the sticky wheel , puts the car into gear and wipes his tears away as he drives .
tr	9	We need landing craft as well as air cover , not to mention troops for a planetary insertion . "
tr	6	" A memory , a fiction , a dream -- doesn 't matter . "
tr	11	I think we have ruled out plague , " said Frank .
tr	7	Or , " I tied him up but I didn 't shoot him ! "
tr	7	Major Campbell hung up the phone and reached for some antacids .
tr	9	We are the expression of source energy on the leading edge .
tr	11	The fighting wore on , desperate and vicious , until one shout was heard above the general tumult .
tr	5	For Josie , it was surprisingly painful .
tr	9	A loud booming noise sounded from somewhere near the river , followed by the sound of heavy machine gun fire .
tr	6	Again and again , the same men , the same assaults , repeated in a horrible loop .
tr	11	When he had first arrived at the farm with Julie , he saw immediately the disrepair of the place .
tr	7	Elaina considered him for a long moment , then her lips twitched mischievously .
tr	10	I realised that Harris must have taken the picture .
tr	11	Was she trying to provoke you ? "
tr	11	Paul filled her in on the compromise he had worked out .
tr	8	David sat back in his chair and picked up the hatchet he was sharpening .
tr	8	There was no mockery in his tone , but Elaina blushed a deeper red .
tr	8	He growls at it , grasps it and yanks it free , spraying his blood onto the dance floor .
tr	8	' Needed to stay sharp . '
tr	10	The stairs ended in front of a metal door three floors below .
tr	8	' Situation is , I 've listened thoroughly to the demo and can hear real promise .
tr	9	Could use a rest , but I imagine you know that . "
tr	8	The steep , earthy walls of the area narrow to a small passageway at the far end .
tr	7	The church behind him , St. Michaels and All Angels , built in the eleventh century and still here .
tr	6	" The same thing all wealthy people held then ; land . "
tr	6	Russian bodyguards taking down a would-be assassin was a simple matter ; a former U.S. Army Ranger , not so much .
tr	8	John asked , focused on his chessboard .
tr	11	This is the day we have been waiting for .
tr	10	Brandy tried to be innocent as ever .
tr	11	I wondered why she really came to find me .
tr	7	The route wasn 't difficult , and things were finally going our way .
tr	7	She turned around and looked at Brand firmly in the eye .
tr	7	We stumbled on another African village , not deserted this time .
tr	9	" What are you going to do , che ? "
tr	7	For a moment , Lew just regarded him quietly , and then squeezed David 's shoulder again .
tr	6	More ammo pouches hung under his right armpit .
tr	8	" You 've found me out , I confess , " he said , then fell silent .
tr	8	" We 've already launched our missiles you stupid shits ! "
tr	6	His mouth was gentle , the kiss playful , and his tongue stroking hers felt absolutely divine .
tr	8	NET has many sensors and databases , all on their network .
tr	7	And outside there 's all these noises ... ' Doc sat up in her chair , wondering .
tr	9	" No need for Josie to be in any danger . "
tr	8	The skin here has only partially healed , so the dart must have come first . "
tr	8	Though the ship was battered and torn , her entire crew -- save one man -- were present and accounted for .
tr	7	He smiled sadly up at us , clearly in shock .
tr	8	They threw down bundles of rope and sat cross-legged opposite each other on the beach .
tr	11	Energy is equal to the mass times the speed of light squared .
tr	11	The thought of leaving the people you love was the painful one .
tr	9	" I really don 't have the legs for this job , " chuckled 007 .
tr	11	' Well , I 'm afraid I 've got more bad news . '
tr	10	I brought out a guard to help watch the site .
tr	8	When they went into the parallel passageway , they stopped behind Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle .
tr	11	I feel like I 'm in the self-help section of some bookstore .
tr	10	and Manuel realized that he didn 't know Gordon 's last name .
tr	11	" I don 't know how to take it at times .
tr	8	" No Sticky , should have everyone there by the weekend , shouldn 't be a problem at all .
tr	7	Sarah got to her feet and went slowly to the bed .
tr	9	He had to leave her behind and think clear-headed for now .
tr	10	I refused to admit I failed .
tr	6	" I 'm Miranda Sanders , " a soft , barely-there voice said .
tr	10	" Sir , the plan calls for the construction of the ships in modules that we fabricate here on the ground .
tr	7	" This could be my final hour , " he whispered dramatically .
tr	10	he answered as we walked down the self-help section of the library .
tr	6	So , anyway , you two can just stay right there .
tr	6	I grabbed a cotton ball and wiped my face , reapplied my eye liner and straightened up my mashed hairdo .
tr	7	One White Wolf dashed up to Brand and lay down on the floor , then barked .
tr	10	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
tr	9	She shied away from the bright rectangles that windows cast on the street .
tr	10	It had certainly been a full day for both of us .
tr	6	Apparently , yesterday 's food shipments and Leith 's presence today had reestablished my awesome reputation .
tr	8	" But Father , the letter states plainly that I must go .
tr	9	An energy tendril swirls about the length of the casing , finds the ignition circuit and activates it .
tr	7	He saved me from a rape then he left . "
tr	11	I don 't want to go back to sleep .
tr	7	David jerked open the door and strode out onto the porch .
tr	8	I opened a folder left on the desktop .
tr	10	God would not forgive what she had done , nor would the order .
tr	7	I had not only betrayed my true love , but I had betrayed my best friend .
tr	10	Edwin tried not to inhale too much dust as he spoke .
tr	10	They all look so cute I could eat them up .
tr	10	I expect it 'll be a few weeks , at least . "
tr	7	For them , marriage and happy endings were strictly the stuff of fairy tales .
tr	6	She led the way up a concrete path to a concrete house .
tr	8	It is not a simple rock as you might imagine . "
tr	6	" Twenty seconds , 75 degree climb , speed 495 knots , altitude 43,000 feet .
tr	7	This is Taylor , John Taylor and these are his friends Cody Hunt , Helen Spade and Tim Farmer .
tr	11	Thomas looked like he was about to snarl .
tr	7	He tossed his handful of ketchup into the wastebasket .
tr	8	As soon as Gabe is asleep , I 'm out of bed and across the room .
tr	10	Her stomach knotted tight and she thought she might be sick .
tr	10	To see what it 's like ? "
tr	7	Laughing to himself , he says , " He 's probably half-way to China by now . "
tr	7	Instead , I just stand there like a dolt , feeling adrift .
tr	9	Their steps sounded foreign to them on the cobble stone streets but they spoke of the end of their journey .
tr	9	I put my hand behind my back towards Atticus and Alita and held up three fingers .
tr	5	Musing isn 't the right word .
tr	9	This is what they already do to some extent .
tr	11	" Guys ... I think James 's in The Seven , " Tori said .
tr	9	Every organism has developed some means of protection yet none of these proved effective against an incoming meteorite or comet .
tr	7	Its eyes were black , and a single lock of mangy , black hair ran from its scalp down its back .
tr	9	Shade and I found ourselves back to back once again .
tr	5	Likewise , their command post position was their choice .
tr	6	Valerie taps her own CU and activates the ship wide speakers .
tr	6	couple of laugh lines round her eyes .
tr	11	Do you know what they said ? "
tr	7	The thought of her unchained sent a chill down his spine , but he forced himself to sneer at her .
tr	7	He passed her some ear protection and shooting glasses .
tr	10	" Might be why they haven 't come here yet .
tr	6	" Ditto on the kinetic , telepathic and energy force , plus I can mind lock . "
tr	7	I guess you get the picture . "
tr	9	If my brother still has over four weeks to live , then things aren 't quite as desperate . "
tr	5	" I do , " said George .
tr	11	Well , I 'm not the sort of man to go merrily on my way , little sorceress . "
tr	9	They rode for several minutes up to the old parking lot near the front gate .
tr	8	Instead , Drew talked about his family : his parents and younger brother and sister .
tr	8	Suddenly , this ancient lie he 's never known is given form and has a voice .
tr	6	I 've got news . "
tr	9	Sofia turned to Tristan who suddenly smiled .
tr	9	The man cleaning windows at the ice cream parlor saw Chris walk by and waved .
tr	7	" I didn 't think ... " When she frowned , he said , " Sorry .
tr	9	She tugged on the tiny hand enclosed in hers .
tr	8	Leaping through the force field and into space , he couldn 't help but hold his breath .
tr	5	" And the High Court and the other three rings are that way . "
tr	8	The Prince looked up to the Elder and said , quite simply , " Thank you . "
tr	10	He cited all manner of legal clauses and longstanding practices to make the taxes appear right .
tr	11	* * * On their last day of recording the band had sang well .
tr	8	His eyes drooped slightly , but the corners of his mouth were lifted in a smile .
tr	6	But it seemed vague and fleeting , an obscure image from a dream half remembered .
tr	9	Each was no taller than Goodspeed 's knees , but he was having a hard time of it .
tr	9	~ Lucas stood at the end of the long dock where the state police boat had dropped them off .
tr	7	" Yeah , that would be cool , " Link admitted .
tr	7	The man dropped the can and moved slowly toward the cooler .
tr	9	What he saw drove him to look at the others .
tr	9	My words came out kind of breathless , like I 'd run ten miles .
tr	10	" Our last cruiser , " Mike amended as he fished out a bag of cold coffee .
tr	10	Outside her room the upstairs hallway formed a balcony which overlooked the entryway , kitchen , and dining room .
tr	6	His hot chest , cool breath and husky scent distracted me from the terror behind us .
tr	9	She smiled encouraged at me , while I was feeling abashed .
tr	9	Again the rails moved and suddenly there were two strange , pointy hats in the Prince 's hands .
tr	5	What choice did she have ?
tr	9	The darkness seems to vibrate , and as I lay in my bed , I mentally explore my new body .
tr	8	' Ze point was , that girl , was in ze right frame of mind to be kissed .
tr	5	Did I kill you ? "
tr	8	Nevertheless there I stood , engulfed by darkness .
tr	5	Her father , Gabriel , was extremely powerful , a legendary Carpathian hunter .
tr	11	" Do you think they are dead ? "
tr	11	But there was the light of fury in his eyes as he whirled to face us .
tr	10	Jeff set to work placing the wedges .
tr	10	He gripped the edge of the ship with both hands as the rope splashed into the water and disappeared .
tr	7	' That might be ze office , ' Raphael said when the phone rang .
tr	7	A third shadow separated itself from the trees and glided over to the king .
tr	10	He also demanded access to the laboratory samples that the scientist had been working on .
tr	11	She told him that a punk singer kid had one of these , and she enjoyed the ride north .
tr	11	She opened the little stove door with an oven mitt and wedged in another couple of sticks of wood .
tr	8	Mark was next to Jon ; Mike next to Mark and Jeff next to Mike .
tr	8	He stripped a piece of cloth from his cloak and tied the wound .
tr	5	Not a big one , in fact , it 's very small .
tr	9	I keep getting them confused and obviously you do , too . "
tr	6	" We have a visitor to the camp . "
tr	6	" Humans are not commodities , " Gabe 's voice is rising .
tr	9	The security officers carried him off the floor as everyone watched in horrified shock .
tr	10	Seeing Billy standing with a few of the gunners , they waved and he smiled and waved back .
tr	11	There must be a practical reason Malcolm would need a whip down here .
tr	8	The black monks continued their approach , and the first clown reached the dais and sank into a deep bow .
tr	7	" I just translate , you historians and archeologists interpret !
tr	5	They hunted , they fished , they traded , and they drank .
tr	6	And as long as we have love ... " I stopped , my mind going blank .
tr	7	Perhaps he was looking for the sentries . "
tr	6	For Echo , the whole thing was a little unnerving .
tr	7	On the center of the hall were thrones of two , placed over a marble podium .
tr	11	Instead it found the photo frame ; Weston tilted his wife down so she would not see .
tr	10	He really shouldn 't have believed anything I said .
tr	9	You need to take it easy ! "
tr	8	This last assertion wins a chuckle from Gabe , but , more importantly , he stops asking me stupid questions .
tr	7	Satisfied , he went to the bedside stand and retrieved his mobile phone .
tr	7	We clashed and threw each other back from the stalemate .
tr	6	All but one member of the elderly council grunts and rolls their eyes .
tr	9	She held her sides and gasped for air in a vain effort to control her outburst .
tr	5	" Where the hell 's Gema ?
tr	6	They probably couldn 't see me .
tr	10	She used to be the last one awake every morning , now she 's the first .
tr	7	' All right , what am I doing wrong ? '
tr	11	I must 've fallen asleep studying that bone of yours .
tr	9	They reached the gate of the keep .
tr	9	The words slipped from his mouth before he could check them .
tr	7	Kurt thumbed off the phone and shoved it back in his pocket .
tr	7	Passing Ainsworth , Ward retrieved his cane and grasped his friend 's arm in solidarity .
tr	9	Gully wishes to see you on the bridge . "
tr	9	They were usually old friends though most had long since passed away .
tr	8	Where I come from , the men are men and ... well , sometimes the women are too ! "
tr	10	He had no idea where the kidney punch had come from .
tr	5	Not a waiting room , not a hospital room , but someplace else .
tr	8	Your brother 's medal will be presented to his widow . "
tr	5	" What the hell ? "
tr	9	He first paid some kids to intimidate me at the beach .
tr	8	We hadn 't thought that far ahead .
tr	8	" They have already had one revolution and this is the result , " the restoration expert typed in reply .
tr	10	- And did you ever help in such case ?
tr	7	" Eda , be silent , " whispered back Adele .
tr	11	It is all I have on followers .
tr	6	And , on posh nights out , a dry vodka martini , up , with an olive .
tr	10	" Pity you have only beer , " said Ryan when he saw the bottles in Jonesy 's hands .
tr	8	Rolling fields opened their arms , gathering in the sunlight .
tr	7	And then he reached out through his Talisman , and felt their lives .
tr	10	But I had no idea if it was working , especially in the growing darkness .
tr	7	He took the stairs three at a time , heedless of any possible threats .
tr	11	She understood the woman was in some sort of shock .
tr	6	His tutor had his throat slit , and around him men , women and children were still dying .
tr	7	One or two cuts from the crystal ; they looked pretty deep , but apparently they 're not too bad . '
tr	6	I choked on my saliva .
tr	8	" It all happened so fast , that it 's really just a blur .
tr	9	He noticed her eyes left his for a minute .
tr	7	Most family members grow up and see each other only a few times a year .
tr	9	That 's what the cups for it read .
tr	10	He turned around , searching for any sign of movement .
tr	6	" That 's not the point , " said Reggie .
tr	8	" They won 't stop coming , " he reveals , shaking his head in fear .
tr	6	A look of confusion crossed his face for a moment .
tr	8	The only sound was the rush of water down the channels beside the roadway , carrying snowmelt down to the sea .
tr	7	" Like you had a chance of winning ?
tr	11	" I know all I need to know .
tr	9	A quick series of gestures from his hand and he felt a seal settle over his tower .
tr	8	Adele smiled turning to Rafe .
tr	5	" No shit , Sherlock , " Joey said and grinned .
tr	11	Jason is pushed forward as the missiles strike from behind and explode .
tr	11	He led the way down a short passageway that opened into a large restaurant style kitchen .
tr	10	It 's all up to you how your life will unfold from here on . "
tr	7	He worked the slider ... ... it still operated with a satisfying click .
tr	8	A ceramic plug filled the mouth opening , and a smaller one blocked a smaller hole in the face 's eye .
tr	6	She was their long lost sister .
tr	9	" I know that he still suffers from the head pains .
tr	10	' I didn 't know you were a swordsman , ' I said steadily as I drew myself upright .
tr	11	' Wow you look the healthiest I 've ever seen you , ' Katherine said .
tr	9	Mason 's girth made it a tight fit in his chair , and he grumbled as he squeezed himself in .
tr	7	" Like ... who shot JFK ?
tr	10	The whole idea was preposterous but as he watched her it grew on him just as she grew on him .
tr	11	The Prince cleared his throat , which had a sudden lump in it .
tr	5	" Her son -- my nephew -- is Nicholas . "
tr	7	Robert 's question startled her , and she spilt coffee across the table .
tr	9	Yes brothers and sisters we fight for Gaia , " I paused for a brief moment .
tr	9	" Where did you learn to use a bow ? "
tr	6	said Friedrich , his words punctuated by painful grunts .
tr	10	She was beautiful lying there -- her slender shoulder and back visible in the morning light .
tr	10	Victoria squatted , placing her hands flat on the floor .
tr	9	What had he been thinking , if anything ?
tr	5	" No there 's not , " Daniel said .
tr	8	" Here , " Mai offers , breaking her silence at long last .
tr	10	It was so low the windows of the car vibrated and rattled in their frames .
tr	8	Caution will temper them when the fun begins .
tr	8	Nobody knows I 'm here .
tr	10	He was interrupted by a hand exploding out of his chest , under his sternum .
tr	8	" Awww , that 's awful ! "
tr	11	The Prince allowed himself a small smile ; they had no idea they were being surrounded .
tr	8	My electric bill should rise in the coming months to somewhere between one and two million dollars a month .
tr	5	Even without its wheels , a school bus is pretty tall !
tr	7	" Empress , I was so flattered you called for my service once again .
tr	7	' Even though I left the UPMC , we kept in touch .
tr	7	" Those memories have been removed , Rick . "
tr	9	he hollered as he threw a waterlogged man 's arm into the boat .
tr	9	" Well go on , " the lively maid who followed Link to the room urges happily .
tr	8	But you didn 't hear it from me , good sir ? "
tr	11	She was afraid she 'd lose control in battle .
tr	6	That 's good ... ... work with that .
tr	6	It could take a while ? "
tr	9	It was at or near the place where the bolt was coming out .
tr	9	Why are you so worried about one cup of coffee ? "
tr	8	he asked eagerly , sounding like a little boy .
tr	10	She forced herself to focus on the scene outside again .
tr	8	He said , bobbing in the waves by her feet .
tr	11	" You think I can win all five , Uncle Ricky ? "
tr	6	He shifted gears once more , accelerated and rear ended the Humvee .
tr	9	Wolf Eyes watched from his concealed spot , high in the branches of a tree .
tr	9	" The estate and mansion are to become a wild animal preserve .
tr	9	Others have big ceremonies and parties that last several days or weeks .
tr	7	she asked as she typed .
tr	11	There 's something we need to discuss . "
tr	6	That evening Anansi and his family had the most delicious Bird soup , with boiled Bird .
tr	8	Once he was out on the street , Cade had never been so relieved that she listened .
tr	11	They moved the injured into the canoes first , getting them settled and as comfortable as possible .
tr	8	" This is astounding paper stock , where did you get this ? "
tr	8	He was young , broad-shouldered , and meticulously dressed in a pale , tailored suit .
tr	7	But by Vana , and by all the gods , and the Green Dragon , she 's helped us .
tr	8	As he fiddled with his zipper , his wrist bumped against the mobile phone stashed in his breast pocket .
tr	9	Really don 't even know where to start .
tr	6	Josie rubbed Mark on the back , between the shoulder blades .
tr	9	Joyce gave Sam a dirty look and he handed her a bottle and marched off the boat with the rest .
tr	10	He was glad it would all be over soon .
tr	9	" I bet it 's good business too , " Hunt suggested .
tr	11	" Your uncle is easy to follow , as he takes things for granted and makes many assumptions .
tr	10	" Whatever would I do without you here to set me straight ? "
tr	7	The room erupted in light hearted groans and Mr. C waved it down with his hands .
tr	9	Reggie realized that he was nearly yelling and people were looking at him with shock .
tr	9	Once you feel secure there you might reach for a thought of frustration or pessimism .
tr	9	Next day I was making a routine check of the Hunter and came across the Icom SSB .
tr	5	Like a lawyer , a Prime Minister , or a TV talent show judge . "
tr	9	Helen bit her lip as she pondered the most effective search criteria .
tr	8	Claudette rushed towards me , and ever the leader , she grabbed me and pulled me out of the house .
tr	8	Warrior , with Lance following close behind , dives toward the bridge .
tr	9	I don 't want to be a DAF .
tr	7	Their captain looked down at the elegant and well-dressed Barney .
tr	6	Octavian 's voice was a resonant , mellow baritone , his expression calm , his posture confident and steady .
tr	11	I did want to touch her .
tr	5	She was always so friendly and happy .
tr	8	He spoke as if we were good friends .
tr	9	" I am glad you are pleased , Mon Petite . "
tr	10	Screams echoed from the large hut and Roberto could only guess what was going on .
tr	7	Roberto watched her from across the table .
tr	7	Gosh , I woke you up , sorry , sometimes I 'm so rude " .
tr	5	" No , I guess not , " Ted replied .
tr	8	She giggled and pictured the conversation going on downstairs .
tr	8	" One minute , 45 seconds , " Alex called , looking at her watch .
tr	9	It was Bax who spoke first .
tr	9	That 's why I 'm here , remember ? "
tr	5	" Well , hell , " Jonas said a few minutes later .
tr	10	Wanting it enough to buy it .
tr	11	Do you know where the special is ? "
tr	7	But her constant chatter put a smile on his face and by lunch he talked to her softly .
tr	10	There were ten cardboard boxes of average size followed by four large wooden crates .
tr	10	Things looked to be getting sorted .
tr	6	He approached us , and despite his haunted eyes , he was still smiling .
tr	10	She feels an odd urge to reach out to him , despite his probable evil intentions .
tr	7	Reacting swiftly , Zoe dodged the creature 's strike and sliced the foe across its neck .
tr	9	Which meant he could still be alive .
tr	11	Are you trying to poison me ? "
tr	10	He was going to take this guy 's head off .
tr	9	Tommy started climbing and reached the door , which automatically opened .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , organizations , or persons , living or deceased , is entirely coincidental .
tr	10	What it is with the need to name these areas ?
tr	8	Nonetheless , planting meant life -- he set off down the steep ridge into the valley below .
tr	7	" There is no strength and no safety but with God . "
tr	7	He yelped , and they raked his eyes for it .
tr	10	Here 's what I want you to do .
tr	9	" Please , Captain , we can help these men and I can make a better diversion than you can .
tr	10	Although what more they could give her she did not know .
tr	6	The dragon rarely left the healing bath these days , and even so he looked terrible .
tr	10	Air formed solid , spinning wheels spread out across the plain like enormous scythes .
tr	10	Who cares where she comes from and what she looks like ? "
tr	5	" Why didn 't you call ? "
tr	9	She closed her eyes tightly and shook her head .
tr	9	Because this was fast becoming less and less fun .
tr	8	Jack was in the same position , had the same concerns .
tr	8	Whatever it was , Mom didn 't want me to know .
tr	10	He started to wonder what time it was .
tr	6	" It 's Frank , " the voice in his ear replied .
tr	7	I wanted to die . "
tr	9	Waiting to love her . "
tr	11	He proves wondrously clever when incited to cause trouble . "
tr	8	and moments later heard a crunching sound as the boats met sand .
tr	11	" Jonesy and I are experts in the field of space drinking , aren 't we , partner ? "
tr	7	How could anyone have survived the explosion ?
tr	9	Five weeks of following leads had eventually brought him to Butterworth , where he found the targeted family .
tr	10	The water drained slowly through the ashes and came out the hole in the bottom of the bowl .
tr	8	They strut about with their silver diamonds like they own the country .
tr	10	Three Baskets looks to be in very good spirits .
tr	10	Up ahead , Melody could see Ted scaling the side of one of these monoliths .
tr	8	I 'm giggling like a maniac , but only in my head .
tr	6	Those words were " water , " " food , " and " help . "
tr	10	" I think you should tell them , " Rick said with a smile .
tr	6	And now , miracle of miracles , even at his height , he did not stand out so very much .
tr	7	And we need the money , now go ! "
tr	6	" I 'm Moira , and you 're welcome , Sergeant . "
tr	10	Then I 'd opened the package anyway and went through with the instructions to sign up for the Extravaganza .
tr	10	But who or where was it ?
tr	7	They both climbed into the van and Willie took the driver 's seat .
tr	7	Over that was a knee-length , gray woolen coat with wide lapels .
tr	8	The group continued down the mountain road and soon reached the outskirts of the city .
tr	7	A bullet would be quicker than this slow burn .
tr	8	He had a diner full of innocent civilians , and there were no more soldiers .
tr	6	" Then we sell it , along with everything else I get . "
tr	9	If no one crosses by sundown , come to us and we 'll make our way over in the dark . "
tr	8	" How you doing down there , buddy ? "
tr	8	But if you don 't find me below , you 'll know I have my answer .
tr	7	The expression on my face stops his rush of words .
tr	5	Pixie Girl is stupid girl .
tr	10	I will prepare something to eat for you .
tr	7	" Hello , " a woman 's voice came from across the yard , behind the boxwood .
tr	9	He was proud his voice didn 't shake .
tr	10	" They exist , but they don 't seem to come here .
tr	11	He slipped into an internal reflection , which invited quiet from Zoe .
tr	11	Apparently , I 'll even be able to read people 's thoughts . "
tr	8	We can 't scream that high , " said Logan , a cocksure grin on his face .
tr	9	Not everything ; sometimes she knew the numbers of a person 's days , but not how they ended .
tr	6	He too held a taser at the ready .
tr	8	So off they went to the side yard as they followed Mom .
tr	6	Without hesitating , Thor opened his eyes , took two steps forward , reached back and hurled the spear .
tr	8	All personnel report to combat stations .
tr	6	I clicked on the file .
tr	11	She watched him hungrily as he walked the camp , staying mostly with Donovan and Gavin .
tr	10	It was the only time he had ever seen her smile .
tr	5	" Yes , I am sure . "
tr	9	I rock on the balls of my feet feeling conspicuous among the grandeur .
tr	9	Despite the gloomy , mingled emotions that surrounded it , the day felt momentous .
tr	8	Dark fields spread out to our left , and even the light from the homes was swallowed by the expansive shadows .
tr	6	" Hi Kiara , this is Chris Cooper , " a low voice came from the other side .
tr	9	" Yes , " said Wolf Eyes , " but no more . "
tr	11	She hated trying to hold a personal conversation in a public space .
tr	10	' I don 't know what I 'm looking for . '
tr	11	It 's why he tried to call you .
tr	11	" It will take a couple of minutes to get them back up and ready to fire ! "
tr	6	Behind the counter , an obese middle-aged man was helping the other travelers .
tr	5	And yet every morning I wake , unwilling , to another unwelcome day . "
tr	9	Black Scorpion had retreated to the mouth of the cave .
tr	6	Nothing in the world mattered to her except her own will , her own desires .
tr	8	Her eyes widened , " I can 't take that !
tr	10	Do what you need to do .
tr	6	The cast of his face was also slightly inhuman , though not of unusual coloration .
tr	6	He reached over , took her soft hand , and kissed it gently .
tr	10	When a path forked off to the left into a grove of ash , they took it .
tr	10	" Do you have anything else for Mason ? "
tr	6	" Was that good ? "
tr	7	I dug my nails into his ear and grabbed a nipple through his shirt .
tr	9	" This way , " she called out as she spurred the mount through the trees .
tr	6	" Silly , " she said , " I 'm no dream . "
tr	10	She seemed to have suffered enough .
tr	11	Jeff set to work loading the weapon as Harrison stepped away .
tr	7	Then he crawled to the door , opened up the panel , and dropped out of the trailer into the mud .
tr	7	" Packing the cases and driving the nails , " the man next to him agreed .
tr	8	Picking up a couple of stones , he placed one near his blanket and the other a few feet away .
tr	8	There was no time to think .
tr	9	Life will continue on as it always has , " said Harald .
tr	8	He said to wait and eventually they will land in our trees .
tr	8	Elaina smiled , rising to her feet .
tr	8	I could feel the question in the air .
tr	8	" I demand an explanation , " he said to her with a stern look on his face .
tr	8	He never seemed to get lost .
tr	6	" Yeah , " he says and looks at his brother .
tr	6	Despite the feudal chaos and complex allegiances , the Scottish warriors looked to the Templars for inspiration .
tr	9	" It was supposed to be , " Destro confirmed , " But I sent a double in her place .
tr	6	Then I force words out , my throat still cracked .
tr	8	Today , they each wore pastel dresses , one of them fire orange and the other electric blue .
tr	11	Again , Ted peered inside to see what other treasures the safe contained .
tr	9	Allan shuffled us from one group to another stopping for a just a perfunctory introduction and handshake .
tr	8	The sun cross pendant gleamed at the base of her throat .
tr	8	Suddenly , Cade wanted to kiss her .
tr	6	" Halt " " Matthew , he has a torch , " Stephanie shouted with fright .
tr	9	" I never knew you had it in you ! "
tr	9	She definitely didn 't like what she had seen or heard .
tr	11	His defeat will determine whether your race lives in the middle world or in the underworld .
tr	9	The machine gun stuttered again : bullets ricocheted off the floor behind me , raising chips from the concrete .
tr	8	I want to help you !
tr	10	" We can use the first three to move materials but we already have trains committed to that task . "
tr	9	Mike took his eyes from the screen and turned to face the officer .
tr	8	We had her in the medical coma , but the parasite finally took over , and she stopped breathing .
tr	5	Late thirties , maybe forty , white , medium height and weight , clean and trim , no facial hair .
tr	6	I search the bedroom floor , in the bed , under the bed , inside the closet .
tr	9	Kevin came straight out into the corral from a door in the stable with one saddle , pad and bridle .
tr	8	The boys were standing by the window , totally invisible to any passer-by .
tr	5	" No , Detective Chen , it 's all right . "
tr	7	" As you wish , " Teel said succinctly , and then she tugged twice with all her might .
tr	8	" We should have just kept our mouths shut . "
tr	7	To hang for the crime ?
tr	6	Her life and theirs were at stake .
tr	5	I watch her energy too .
tr	11	How was the parasite supposed to get out of Trevor 's body into theirs ?
tr	5	" The same way I help you , but more ... permanent . "
tr	9	We 've got to hurry , or he 'll suspect .
tr	9	Tall trees stretched up high above , with branches shooting off the main body spouting leaves that created dense shrubbery above .
tr	9	As she readied for sleep Hailey grew excited thinking about having younger siblings .
tr	8	I 've got to think .
tr	10	The flutter in my chest had told me great things would happen today .
tr	5	" So , um ... " he checked her name tag , " Vicky .
tr	7	" Hop in , " he said eagerly , " make yourselves comfortable . "
tr	7	" I tell you , the Lord is healing me of my arthritis .
tr	9	I said to her , and I pushed her inside , hitting her head on the mirror , cracking it .
tr	10	I guess we should get going . "
tr	6	After a long moment , she whispered , " I 'll pick door number two . "
tr	7	Wolf Eyes let him pass .
tr	8	He was to receive his Inheritance .
tr	9	I flipped open the newspaper once more , careful to cover the front page .
tr	9	Connie asked , " GW is something bothering you ?
tr	7	I paused , pressed my fingers against it and stood back .
tr	10	' I bet she thought the same of you . '
tr	10	I really wanted for all of us to go somewhere in a beautiful village tonight in the mountains .
tr	10	But for some reason , Arthur sensed it was a sincere smile just the same .
tr	7	But I be workin ' on that too .
tr	11	I 'm going to take the dogs out for a pee Robbie why don 't you come with me . "
tr	8	The last attempt on my life by the Hunters was in nineteen ten . '
tr	9	It had been harmed before , and clearly seemed to remember the experience .
tr	7	Slowly , Terry unzipped the top , produced the shining sphere , and handed it to Spike .
tr	7	" Let 's move on .
tr	7	Fuchs ' man already has hours on you .
tr	8	" He cooked us pork over the campfire . "
tr	11	She had even learned to surf when she was 17 over the summer .
tr	6	" Oh , just take a little drive , do a little sight seeing . "
tr	11	said Mr. Joaquin who was grinning on the screen .
tr	7	As he reached his clothes , he politely said good morning in Malay .
tr	6	The cuffs were on the floor .
tr	7	I should have checked but wasn 't thinking .
tr	7	After a thoughtful moment , he began to speak .
tr	7	He was looking at me with a frown .
tr	10	" And do you have any advice for me , oh chief advisor ? "
tr	6	" Should we drive back to Limerick ? "
tr	7	She had been wrong , or maybe he had changed his mind .
tr	11	His pet project was Human Simulation research , where he was also the primary designer and developer of the systems .
tr	10	Tia asked to hear them perform the single .
tr	11	If you 're to study with me , though , you must know your number and never forget it .
tr	9	Sampson said these words with obvious distaste , while his aide made a signal to the rear .
tr	10	Some hellish quality of that throbbing glow had robbed her of her power to think and act .
tr	10	" It 's what 's keeping him alive . "
tr	9	Sofia was astounded by the twist of events .
tr	10	This pack 's led us to where outsiders have rested . "
tr	5	" Need , well , better safe than sorry .
tr	10	She glanced down , half expecting to see a rushing torrent fifty feet below .
tr	8	It lit the area immediately about us , but the light was powerless after a few feet .
tr	7	Slowly , I turned and raised my hands with the heavy text .
tr	11	The drought has sucked the grass dry , the plethora of flowers suffering the same fate .
tr	9	As her breathing begins to shallow , Link gently hums her song as he rocks her in his arms .
tr	9	Its prow cut through the waves , driven by Water and Air .
tr	8	The crowd milled around the hole , in a state of depression .
tr	5	" All right , all right , I 'm leavin ' . "
tr	6	Gabe is studying his knees intensely .
tr	6	" You honour us with your kindness . "
tr	9	He pulls his pistol and checks the magazine for the twentieth time since walking onto the CIC .
tr	6	The smell of old food , dirty laundry , and the sweat of other men .
tr	8	Clue was , ' Beside each other ' . "
tr	9	The night is dark , the Dawn is new , the stars are weak upon the sea .
tr	8	" Yes , " He said slowly when she avoided his curious gaze .
tr	6	" No , " screamed the girl in Greek , pushing her way forward .
tr	9	The coyote leapt to its feet and spun around , biting at its own side .
tr	9	She watches in awe as she falls out Warrior 's belly .
tr	7	The group continued its pace , ignoring the blatant stares and whispers .
tr	8	" He was introduced to you as Lord Rafe , I believe . "
tr	10	" You just can 't walk around naked is all , " was the best he could do .
tr	6	The main attraction of the whole building was the loading docks .
tr	6	My friend gave a stupid smile but made no comment .
tr	6	There was a hum and a whirr from within .
tr	6	The prices drop , stop loss orders kick in and a train wreck results . "
tr	8	People turned toward the only important things in life food , fuel and the means to produce both .
tr	8	Maybe we step outside and get some disease or fill our lungs with nerve gas .
tr	5	A strongly effeminate male voice states loudly yet calmly .
tr	7	Leading the way out the back door , she stepped down the two stairs onto a concrete path .
tr	6	Eric 's look made Muhammad cringe at his own bad English .
tr	7	" In that case you tempted a monk into sin , " she said , " like the devil himself . "
tr	11	I listened closely and felt relieved by what Allan had just said .
tr	9	Wanted to make him proud .
tr	8	" It isn 't easy , but you were born for it .
tr	10	" They would have had to believe her .
tr	9	" You 're the type of girl who does Spinning , right ?
tr	9	We further know the prettier the girl the more outlandish the manipulation can become .
tr	7	Ishmael was off to Peru , then home to Peshawar .
tr	6	" No , Stephens is my valet , " Archie replied .
tr	7	4 out of 5 stars " Thoroughly enjoyable read " " Thoroughly enjoyable read .
tr	8	He rested his elbows on the roof of the cab to steady his aim .
tr	9	Perhaps the elders knew the truth , but then why do they not interfere ?
tr	11	Thine allies themselves shall unleash destruction upon thy treasured rock and this will sadden thy kin greatly .
tr	7	Anna came out through the patio doors and paused by my side .
tr	7	Yet here he stood , not a wrinkle on him .
tr	8	But if you applied just the right pressure on the right places it would slide apart or something .
tr	8	" I think this is a gun ! "
tr	7	Relief entered Rand 's eyes and he took Lord Brogan 's outstretched hand eagerly .
tr	10	He passed a plate of small , crusty rolls , split and filled with cheese and herbs , to Neil .
tr	10	I let it go to voicemail .
tr	9	All nodded at Logan 's suggestion and we strolled along , our pace relaxed once more .
tr	7	They hugged each other in relief and the men joked with them , seeming unmoved .
tr	8	There is always a time for revenge , he thought , and I have waited a long time .
tr	9	Then , quieter , he hissed , " How could you do this , che ?
tr	11	" What will become of these foul creatures roaming in our lands ? "
tr	8	She looked down , her tired eyes surrounded by a dark smudge of fatigue .
tr	9	After all he had given she could not withdraw , for he had her promise too .
tr	9	" You boys have been traveling for hours and probably haven 't had a decent meal today .
tr	8	I must make something of myself .
tr	10	" But it 's for a noble cause I hear , " Mr Gallop replied .
tr	8	Those bastards in orbit will only give us six rounds of high explosive ? "
tr	9	Elaina could think of nothing to reply , and so they walked in silence .
tr	7	" And have you fought before ? "
tr	10	" It 's that they take a whole lot of killing . "
tr	11	" Actually yes , sir , and I 'm afraid it isn 't good , " said Ethan .
tr	8	They are tests of the mind , " he smiles , his otherworldly voice carrying oddly well .
tr	10	They never thought we 'd go in and find it . "
tr	8	" Well , I don 't have any plans this weekend , why not ?
tr	8	Follow me , do what I say and be quiet . "
tr	8	" The bastards crucified a drunken man along a road for all to see .
tr	5	No , boy , you did exactly the right thing . "
tr	6	Time was all screwed up here .
tr	8	Then , with one hand placed behind his back , the officer stood erect and authoritatively waved Mike through .
tr	9	I had been swatting frantically and I missed seeing the fallen branch across the trail .
tr	5	Soon after , disease , insect infestation , and mold settle in .
tr	8	" I won 't leave Bolivia until I know . "
tr	11	A shadow seemed cast over the house and the cute little cottage looked a bit forlorn and neglected .
tr	7	" You know who it is ? "
tr	10	I 'm thinking about swimming to them . "
tr	6	A single jpeg file and an email reference came up under the results .
tr	10	Herbs growing in pots on a windowsill scented the air , and a giant fern filled most of the room .
tr	6	" I get emails from the future , from my future self . "
tr	6	In this way it saved them time , much hoeing and digging .
tr	9	This technology was incredible and could easily be mistaken for magic .
tr	6	Cade handed him a few coins and shut the door .
tr	9	There was a hint of aggression in his manner .
tr	9	Connie christened it with a bottle of champagne and we celebrated with two more .
tr	5	" And he had no combat experience either . "
tr	10	He shuffled up the winding wood staircase , where Alejo assumed her slept .
tr	10	How many more times would I be running for my life in this city until I found answers ?
tr	7	' The cipher must be on the memory stick . '
tr	6	" This is because of your dad , right ? "
tr	10	She didn 't move , though the chains stretched out between them .
tr	6	" For all your foolish insolence , " said he , " your Tribe is not my foremost enemy .
tr	9	Leclerc gestured Falconer out of the way as he produced matches and a handkerchief .
tr	10	They make me want to squirm .
tr	8	That was all he wanted .
tr	9	It 's become quite obvious that Teddy is infected .
tr	6	And underneath ... " Julie lifted his hospital gown and revealed his flaccid cock .
tr	8	Layla had sparred with her teacher countless times , and she 'd never seen this .
tr	7	She waved to him and forced a smile .
tr	7	A sad story , I mean , we 're all a sad lot , those of us summon Root .
tr	9	Dahlia tried to analyze why .
tr	10	" You said that this King Belmonte killed the Royal Bloods of Etheria .
tr	6	The kami not only killed the apprentice , but it consumed her core .
tr	11	Or maybe they were so high up that she would just float into outer space .
tr	7	" Let 's get out of here , " I urged .
tr	9	The ring was like any other except that it had one very special peculiarity .
tr	8	The Soviets were never very good at tracking their weapons .
tr	8	There was silence for a long moment , and below them a human voice said , " Neil ?
tr	5	The metal ran up and around the bowl and half way around .
tr	8	And the Chinese own a large portion of your national debt , she thought , looking down at the coffee table .
tr	11	Let me call to be sure . "
tr	8	The others are European food supplies for the airfield personnel , and weigh one ton apiece .
tr	9	They made camp under an outcropping of shade trees , a one tuft on the very outskirts of the Barrier Forest .
tr	6	" When last we met , " I began , " You described the initial preparations for the trip .
tr	8	She moved over to Brand 's bed and laid a hand around his shoulder , then hugged him tight .
tr	11	Then , he remembered something he 'd seen on TV .
tr	6	Ah , she 's not all that bad . "
tr	5	" An excellent opportunity , good idea lieutenant , " Warrior states happily .
tr	9	Someone who could help me .
tr	9	" ' Hope this brings you inspiration " , signed " A " , ' I quoted quietly .
tr	9	I do not wish to have any others .
tr	8	His injured hand was bandaged and he held it out away from his body .
tr	6	' Two hours at the most , ' Anna replied .
tr	5	" Yes , anything , as long as you 're there . "
tr	6	Your bravery , your strength ... even your rage , all played a part in his choice .
tr	5	" I really outdid myself this time , eh ? "
tr	9	He turned and crept back into the dark depths of the family den .
tr	7	Well , Ruth , I was never sure before , but you definitely did something right .
tr	11	It wouldn 't be permanent would it ? "
tr	11	" Liam , " she began , reaching out to place a hand on his forearm .
tr	11	I allowed my memory to drift back , back to my childhood .
tr	11	Rand felt that he had never heard a sweeter sound than Bron returning with reinforcements .
tr	11	Is it going to be okay ? "
tr	10	Nathan smiled and looked to see the crowd part for her .
tr	10	His brain seemed to have stopped working .
tr	7	David sat down next to Sarah and gave her arm a squeeze .
tr	8	He pulled a rocking chair next to the bed while Lilly Ann explained her game invention .
tr	8	' Take the service stairs fifteen feet to your right , ' murmured the voice in my earpiece .
tr	10	Two medical staff rushed in as the ramp continued to drop .
tr	11	I hope father told him where to go ? "
tr	9	" Yea right , " said David grinning , " so what 's up ? "
tr	11	I 'll be sure to keep my clothes on either way .
tr	10	Minutes later the coffee was exuding its invigorating aroma through the camp and bacon sizzled in the pan .
tr	9	Who says golf is fair ?
tr	7	With a sudden gust of frozen air Blade and Warrior soar out and away from The Shrine , performing barrel rolls .
tr	11	She felt more eyes , knew there was something behind her .
tr	5	Nathaniel 's piercing blue eyes give me the once over .
tr	10	' I 'm trying to look at something . '
tr	10	Chapter 46 Flaherty rolled out of bed when the alarm sounded and made his way to the shower .
tr	5	After a short while , Phillips said , " So it 's true ? "
tr	9	Josie dug in one bag and pulled out a pair of black flip flops and handed them to Mark .
tr	9	My fingers gripped the handle of the katana tightly when the door swung open .
tr	8	It 's only a matter of time before things blow up . "
tr	8	" Just be thankful for now , and maybe we 'll discover everything later . "
tr	7	" There 'll be kids there , " he said in a warning tone .
tr	5	Gabe 's voice grows softer .
tr	8	We had dinner with Joyce , Sam , and a couple of the scientific party .
tr	10	" Did you explain , to the captain , what we needed to do ? "
tr	9	It made Gan think of leadership as never before .
tr	11	The way the American watched her do it pleased her .
tr	9	" I can 't translate this , how he was ? "
tr	8	" Only take a swallow and hold it in your mouth , " he snapped .
tr	9	She looked like someone from the east of our world and her bronzed skin glowed in the light .
tr	7	" We 're meeting heavy resistance , " he reported calmly .
tr	7	Taylor surfaced from his contemplation , " Oh , I 'm sorry , love .
tr	11	" No , you don 't get to sit around in a hut all day .
tr	10	" Miss , you need to come with us , " Franks said , leading Josie toward the elevator .
tr	8	And I can 't meet the Brother 's knowing eyes .
tr	7	He turned with his back to the street and waited and listened intently for the right moment .
tr	8	Meeting Ellen for lunch ? "
tr	8	Some indentations were deep , some were shallow , and all were spaced unevenly over the entire false rock face .
tr	9	The cream tiled walls of the lavatories greyed .
tr	5	" Hispanic female , 30-40 years old .
tr	9	Inside the boathouse , the retractable floor to the sea below the ship had been opened , limiting available space .
tr	10	Sarah couldn 't remember ever seeing him look so tired .
tr	8	I moved towards the wall , pulling down a forester 's outfit .
tr	9	I had to keep talking .
tr	11	Calvin couldn 't understand how they could possibly spend any more time on the songs .
tr	10	Like a race , I sprinted towards the only man I ever considered a father .
tr	6	" Rick , I 'm a better shot , " Adam reminded him .
tr	10	She can come get them when I 'm done .
tr	11	I knew I had to control this anger .
tr	9	The security services will find him and that will be an end to it . "
tr	8	" We 're all nervous enough as it is .
tr	10	It was cool with a steady breeze blowing through the rooms .
tr	11	How does a bird know when to fly away for the winter ?
tr	8	At least Josie thought it was a man .
tr	10	He 'd forgotten his mother knew about that !
tr	5	" Bloody Yorkshireman , " said Downer laughing .
tr	7	Elaina felt Darin 's hands on her shoulders , turning her over .
tr	6	In the beginning , the novelty of his situation held a certain fascination .
tr	6	Adele looked rather taken aback .
tr	10	That 's what I wanted to say . "
tr	9	" You 're the one I heard about .
tr	9	The screen showed a nondescript Vauxhall driving slowly by the gates ... several times in both directions .
tr	6	I need ... it hurts ... " she cried , frustration , pain and confusion mingled in her voice .
tr	7	On the tray lay a selection of surgical and first aid equipment .
tr	10	" Wake me when the moon is at its zenith , " he directed .
tr	6	Her body is in motion .
tr	7	" It 's surprisingly chilly down here , " said Bern , hugging his arms to his chest .
tr	6	It was the truth , and " Ladies don 't lie . "
tr	8	I dived onto his back , crushing him down onto the tiles .
tr	9	Her steely gaze was tinged with a bit of fear .
tr	11	She just followed him like a dog follows his master .
tr	6	" This is my second time here , and you , on the other hand , first timer ? "
tr	7	At the other end they found another barricade and signs of long occupation .
tr	11	He had charged us much like the one did today .
tr	7	He waved to her but didn 't smile .
tr	7	What do you have in mind ? "
tr	6	" Say Finan , are you alright ? "
tr	9	† † † The reunion between mother and daughter was heart-warming .
tr	8	Later that night Atticus walked back through the door , but there was something wrong ; Alita was still with him .
tr	8	While she programmed his new SIM card , Kurt removed the back of his phone and ejected the battery .
tr	8	" Let 's set up the tents and get a fire going .
tr	9	" Sorry , I don 't know what you 're talking about . "
tr	8	Neil drew a breath , and there was a loud sigh from Simon .
tr	7	My team and I were hunting a shapeshifter . "
tr	6	" Yes , my eldest son and two daughters survived , but my other four children and my wife perished .
tr	6	The two men climbed the concrete steps up to the large porch area .
tr	11	It was far more richly furnished than any other home she 'd seen .
tr	9	Their technological advantage was less pronounced and they were few in numbers , so the local natives drove them off .
tr	6	Dr. Morgan looked on in total fascination .
tr	7	He threw open the Porsche 's door and an instant later , he was inside .
tr	11	Jeff yelled in pain while he unsuccessfully attempted to remove the crab .
tr	9	She made him happy and he felt content with her being his wife .
tr	9	Snow was piled up along the sides of the road .
tr	5	" Come on , I won 't sink . "
tr	9	Nowhere to go but in .
tr	11	" Do you think she 's alive ? "
tr	6	So , soon after Dorothy spoke , her face became crumpled and grumpy .
tr	8	For a moment , I felt a shudder of fear before pushing that feeling back down .
tr	9	For many nights , I stood at the edge of the vision and felt a rush of warm wind .
tr	9	Before she had planted herself on the seat , Ted had the vehicle in motion again .
tr	5	Horrible scars on his neck and throat , on his arms and chest , his wrists , even his legs .
tr	7	The picture on the screen was from his work ID photo and it showed him with his new beard .
tr	9	On the other hand , trying to catch Melody again would probably just be a waste of time .
tr	11	Scott was sure the bear was only issuing a warning but it did not matter .
tr	11	She couldn 't shake the image of a roiling mushroom cloud hovering over Moscow .
tr	8	Mike was the first to speak .
tr	6	I decided on a personal approach .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes looked up from his work , interested in the conversation .
tr	6	I waved at my face .
tr	11	I flicked my saber around his guards , nicking him occasionally but failing to land another solid cut .
tr	9	John ignored him while everyone else looked on without understanding .
tr	6	By then , a terrible throbbing pain wracked her temples and she could barely concentrate .
tr	9	" Would he do this for you , do you think ? "
tr	11	A tiny black computer desk sat under a picture window that really needed washing .
tr	9	" But we 're in rush-hour traffic ; that car can 't go any faster . "
tr	9	He rough housed the two dogs as she eyed him .
tr	7	She looked at me lost and shocked .
tr	9	It has to stay on me . "
tr	8	I couldn 't possibly have killed your father ; it goes against everything that I am . "
tr	6	He had a nice , square face , wide dark eyes , and a ruby earring in his left ear .
tr	8	" Sorry mum , I forgot to have dinner last night " .
tr	11	The ship was howling now , and Chris was certain this time that she did move an inch or two .
tr	11	" I dare say he would capitulate to you immediately . "
tr	6	" Nor none of us , that 's the truth , " Donovan said with a heavy sigh .
tr	7	In remote regions a few small pockets of lawlessness still existed here and there , but there weren 't many .
tr	10	All our work until today would be undone if we let up now .
tr	9	" You are the final remnant of a disease , reaver , " Garo growls , becoming one with the darkness .
tr	6	Nor could he avoid saliva , tears and running nose flooding into her striped nylon blouse .
tr	7	So we set off again , climbing upwards and onwards , towards the gnomes and our own deaths .
tr	8	He was getting an even worse feeling about this .
tr	11	Rift notes that many of the plants seem hazardous to the touch as he approaches the large entrance .
tr	7	The big horse shifted his weight but otherwise stood quietly for her .
tr	7	" A lot of the chaps don 't like him for that .
tr	11	Do you know where my room is ? "
tr	7	Walking down to the water , Chris then began strolling west along the shore .
tr	9	The wounded dragon slipped free from his blade as the two fell together back towards the earth .
tr	9	He didn 't know why , but something told him not to test his father .
tr	5	For now , let 's celebrate . "
tr	8	" We must stress the importance of secrecy .
tr	11	Make sure it doesn 't happen to you .
tr	8	" Yes , " Miriam said , looking at him directly .
tr	9	He was still licking the sweet sap , unaware of his peril .
tr	6	It hits the body and stops .
tr	10	He was unsure of what he was doing .
tr	5	Then his hand flashes , sure and quick , and the world grows black .
tr	5	" Then home we go , " said Sneed .
tr	8	" So , light the torches I 'm guessing ? "
tr	9	I mean , I knew you were strong but ... " " It 's the Werewolf blood .
tr	5	" No , my makeup ran and my nose melted . "
tr	6	As he watched , the man with the burning eyes turned and offered the woman his hand .
tr	6	He 's not only an old friend , he was a successful businessman and he 's very well connected . "
tr	7	He dragged me off the Jag , pushed me inside the car , and climbed into the passenger seat .
tr	10	Lucas and Iris continued running as Hagan slowed down .
tr	9	" Switch to scrambler please Major , " asked the voice .
tr	11	I had to move the cast iron cattle prod back into the fire .
tr	9	Connie came up with one that worked .
tr	10	" We were just trying to save lives , " the old man muttered .
tr	7	My disappointment was real , not an act , as I said , " I 'm also a perfect alarm clock .
tr	11	All I had to do was pucker up , and we 'd be smooching like French lovers .
tr	6	In many settlements , apparently , the Swedes controlled the town , its immediate environs , and the local trade .
tr	11	The bile rose in her throat before sinking down to churn up her stomach .
tr	7	" Tonight I would like beef ravioli in a white cream sauce .
tr	5	A few seconds later he gave Andy the thumbs up .
tr	8	Simon was confident in his proven acrobatic and gymnastic skills and therefore had no concerns with balance .
tr	6	In the German states , in Austria , and throughout France , anger was brewing .
tr	10	All of the faces the Prince could see bore a steely reserve and a fierce light of defiance .
tr	8	David 's soldiers would take out all the support troops and those tending the camp .
tr	10	But I guess we 'll be working together soon . "
tr	7	He covered the food with his hands and waited for an answer .
tr	6	he asked with a drug-induced smile .
tr	7	Johnny and Blackie followed at a trot , bobbing their untrained riders up and down .
tr	10	" What the ... " cursed Taylor into the panicked screams of his travel mates .
tr	8	They lived on friendly terms and the daughters ' husbands had more or less the same values as the family .
tr	8	I was half a cycle old at the time and missed him desperately .
tr	8	" Help me search for the lighter .
tr	7	The creature emits a short whine , then scoots back even farther , and lays down on his belly .
tr	8	And you didn 't make me do anything .
tr	10	I guess I have to follow .
tr	10	Making no effort to conceal or reveal him , the tired old priest simply stares at the troublemakers dumbly .
tr	10	They put their glasses on to see what the real situation was .
tr	5	This to a little girl with a wonderful , large easy-to-read name tag .
tr	8	Through dimensions , " he continues , his robe faintly billowing in the wind .
tr	7	A knife thrown from behind will do the work .
tr	6	Stolz responds , " Marci , just relax and have a seat .
tr	10	Some were wounded and barely able to walk ; some on makeshift litters pulled by others .
tr	10	Do they have tea there ? "
tr	11	In fact , she thought , he acted as if he 'd been waiting for her .
tr	10	Our mother has been trying to keep the land ever since .
tr	11	And she had to do something worth writing about on the blog .
tr	10	Ryan and Kathy Pringle were in the Galaxy 's cockpit to view the launch .
tr	5	" How do you feel ? "
tr	6	But for Mack Finn , it had just come together .
tr	10	That might be responsible for preserving it .
tr	7	This End 's Part I James Todd Cochrane was born in California in 1969 .
tr	11	The boys sat down behind a long table equipped with a huge array of buttons .
tr	8	Nobody tomorrow , of course , since it 's Sunday , but Monday and Tuesday are full .
tr	6	Blackjack waves his meaty hand and the view screen slides back up into the ceiling .
tr	6	They were highly skilled , elite men and women with special psychic gifts the rest of the world knew nothing about .
tr	11	All she could come up with was , " Why did you have to kill us ? "
tr	6	" Fine , " she said , not moving .
tr	9	He looked away , back to the closeness of the mountain passes , his eyes searching the skies .
tr	7	Jacob was finishing off a pear and smiled up at me through a full mouth .
tr	10	" Something big is about to go down in Moscow .
tr	8	It has a red light above the dial , it 's all in Russian . "
tr	8	" No one can stand up to me and my armies !
tr	7	" It had to be .
tr	5	In a sense , a swamp dragon is a living rocket .
tr	8	All we have are jeeps and staff cars , unless you want a truck ? "
tr	10	I can 't remember ever having a directional sense of smell before . "
tr	9	Matthew turned to see his fear confirmed .
tr	8	He kept on harassing Niko .
tr	7	Staggering past us , he went to the shed and pulled the door open , disappearing inside .
tr	8	He 's a nice lad ; open and enthusiastic , if a little eager to emulate his brother . "
tr	11	" There 's a Caesar in all of us , boy , and we must render unto him what is his .
tr	7	They were so much more predictable than people .
tr	8	Carter , watching the ground as she walked , ran into Jones .
tr	9	Voice # 1 : " I need to verify these orders . "
tr	8	At that moment , Chris felt a hand take hold of and squeeze his knee .
tr	10	That is where Seraphim , the founder of this church , was buried .
tr	10	Chapter Fourteen ~ Three days after they arrived , Chris called Sarah and invited her to come with him .
tr	7	" Thank you , Leader , " I said , " but many of our number died today .
tr	9	Wounded Eagle 's mother had told them that help was near .
tr	9	The chances of Alejo surviving this next encounter with the Khan were slim .
tr	10	Wasn 't the plan always for Davin to assume the throne as heir ? "
tr	6	Taylor smiled and nodded his head .
tr	10	" Anyone who survived what we saw would be finished with war and fighting forever .
tr	7	She 's my wife I and owe it to her .
tr	6	It did not add up .
tr	9	You 're e telling me that I 'm the second one ? "
tr	8	The water was moving around , by the doctor 's feet .
tr	8	That got the rest of them moving .
tr	10	And we do need to talk .
tr	11	They were trying to explain something in gestures mainly .
tr	9	A powerful punch bounces off the knight 's head , but does nothing to slow it down .
tr	11	We will need to travel slower with Clancy 's condition .
tr	9	" Are any of those not claimed ? "
tr	10	It doesn 't take a genius to put the pieces together . "
tr	6	In the stories , he wrote , a man and a woman spend the night together .
tr	9	How did you get to be a Captain anyway ?
tr	5	What 's her name . "
tr	11	Had he read his comic books , he would 've realized that this kind of backfire was practically inevitable . "
tr	9	His legs were terribly sore from riding , and his back ached horribly .
tr	10	Iris throw an irksome look over Sofia as she guide the horses down into the stream .
tr	7	You have been too much trouble for the master .
tr	8	He said I was beautiful .
tr	10	Even during the first week of our recovery at the fort she kept her distance .
tr	5	" Here we are , it was right there all the time ! "
tr	8	There is screaming in the background and a terrible hissing sound .
tr	6	The leaves of this incredible new tree were as blue as every other growing thing .
tr	9	I bet she 'd still marry you .
tr	10	" You do know that we are pirates as well ? "
tr	11	Those unable to answer all twenty questions within that time shall be immediately expelled .
tr	10	" Where do you get off doing whatever you want ? "
tr	6	" In that case , " said the Haunter , " your lesson is over . "
tr	8	She speaks fluent English , Spanish and Vietnamese plus a couple of local dialects that even I don 't understand .
tr	6	" That 's right , " Aria responds with a slight laugh .
tr	8	" Now let 's talk about your dispatches .
tr	9	" You were right Herbs a go-getter saved the day .
tr	9	Some things he found were amazing ; some were not pleasant to see .
tr	10	I learned everything I could about this quiet , unassuming woman .
tr	9	When I was initially found by the agency I lied about my name .
tr	8	Steve , with the agility of a gymnast , swung back into the seat and accelerated .
tr	9	When she reached the end of the story , she looked up and sighed .
tr	8	One of the phones rang jolting them into alertness .
tr	11	They all wore heavy armour and none of their number was shorter than seven feet tall .
tr	6	This work was illegal , but for Mia this wasn 't a problem .
tr	7	On South Webb Road , he found a pay phone and dialled an office number from memory .
tr	11	The boys seemed to have all they needed .
tr	7	Sky reached the man and held up her arms , demanding an embrace .
tr	11	She was supposed to be nice to me .
tr	6	" And their border to your south is still wide open ? "
tr	8	Who wants to start ? "
tr	11	He didn 't want to become a monster as she had .
tr	10	" Yamamoto , " continued Kenichi " is a friend of many Yakuza .
tr	9	" I have to agree with you there .
tr	6	The man on the corner , turned his look away from the two .
tr	7	" And almost no data rather sums up our current situation at the moment . "
tr	11	Do you know who is her ? "
tr	8	As a matter of fact , we are , I can tell you that much for certain .
tr	7	" Now I 'll turn it back to my distinguished colleague Dr. Binder . "
tr	6	The bright light is not blinding , but it is everywhere .
tr	5	" The Exiled Servant , " the Prince said slowly .
tr	10	Connor inquired further being ruffled with Michael 's gruff tone .
tr	7	As she said this , the hostess looked sympathetically to the boy , the poor pale boy .
tr	6	" We are at the hard part .
tr	9	Somewhere in them , around them or associated with them was Fritz , having fun with them all over again .
tr	9	Straight backed she looked at her knees .
tr	10	Do you mind if we check out the property ? "
tr	9	I can 't wait to see that time machine ! "
tr	11	The best course of action is usually to just give Joe what he wants .
tr	7	He heard her rustle in her bag for a moment , and the point of light flared again .
tr	7	She looked at him and he smiled .
tr	7	He shot a glance at the clock and sighed .
tr	8	" A lot of areas have been evacuated , including Trans Central . "
tr	11	" You sure you wan na go ashore ? "
tr	10	The population cannot know about the humans , or how they changed our world .
tr	8	The surface was completely smooth , like glass , but felt like metal .
tr	8	" I remember you , " she said , her tongue thick in her mouth .
tr	9	" We pack the plastic inside in the shape of a hollow cone .
tr	8	He had a million questions popping up at the same time .
tr	9	A more thought provoking story evolved than expected in the beginning .
tr	9	He covered the plan again while he switched weapons with David .
tr	9	Do you have lizards ? "
tr	9	A pair of eyes in the bushes nearby watched him go in .
tr	6	" Miracle of modern science , " he went on .
tr	7	We needed an edge , an advantage ; your world provided it . "
tr	10	Then when we finally came back to the group , I was accused of abandoning the group and punished accordingly .
tr	7	An hour later Hank followed his company through the fields and they raced right into the city , completely untouched .
tr	8	He did not have the physical characteristics of an astronaut .
tr	6	They 're young and limber and -- " " And totally tied up ! "
tr	7	I 'm going to Cockermouth .
tr	8	' The labs must be through here , ' I panted .
tr	9	Until I have heard of Claw .
tr	9	The Khan cleared his throat , spit a wad of hashish on the ground and turned towards Alejo , all smiles .
tr	6	2 FOR A WEEK , THEN TWO , SHE WAS STRONG , AND HER POWER HELD .
tr	9	" I 'll go get dressed , " I said and skipped back to my room .
tr	9	After checking the pockets of the jacket Scott put everything back into the backpack and zipped it up .
tr	10	A smiling teddy bear sits on the front holding a pink heart between its paws .
tr	9	For several long , silent seconds she was certain she 'd crushed a growing friendship .
tr	8	On the other side there was a staircase , which he descended .
tr	8	" I hope to ... " Rafe broke off again and reached out for the wine jug at his elbow .
tr	9	" That 's the man you want , and we need an ordinance tech in here to secure that warhead . "
tr	7	I took one final breath and launched into the tale .
tr	8	" That 's what I 'm told . "
tr	10	Scarborough 's hair was long and luxurious , reaching down to the small of her back .
tr	9	And it was long past time for him to find a head .
tr	8	" You should really work with animals , become a vet or a zoologist or something .
tr	10	Sun beams danced across emerald green waters , the light almost blinding in its radiance .
tr	5	" Not a killer , not right away , " Gemma said .
tr	10	Anderson and Butch shook his hand and then looked at each other before looking back at Nathan .
tr	10	Her nearly maniacal urgency to be at the cottage gave way to an involuntary hesitancy to confirm her worst suspicions .
tr	8	These are the rules of a free country , our free country .
tr	7	Rick grabbed an arm and shoved her toward the ramp .
tr	10	Twelve hours had passed since I injected myself with the virus .
tr	6	Keith was the smart one and the mad one , both at the same time .
tr	10	" Tell us , what have you learned ? "
tr	8	I gaze at the black freezer chest in the corner .
tr	8	When that didn 't pan out , they almost bought their enemies in the eighties . "
tr	7	" What about your family .
tr	10	Following the shock his parents had reluctantly driven him to back to Chingford .
tr	7	" I could have told others . "
tr	10	" I think Danton is just as beautiful as Trans Central .
tr	6	At her prompting , he grabbed the ankles , felt the oil from its fur coating his hands .
tr	11	Roberto was so relieved that he grabbed her body in a fierce embrace , kissing the ice-cold face with desperate kisses .
tr	10	" I know that she 's in some pain , but she 'll be fine .
tr	10	Suddenly , his vision went hazy , and he had to look down at the ground .
tr	6	" Your only passageway into this realm , destroyed by your own hand .
tr	8	And I think I will follow .
tr	11	And so it was that nearly a thousand men plummeted toward the capital city under the cover of darkness .
tr	6	The fresh air and walking through the new city were the best medicine .
tr	7	The others groaned , and the conversation lulled at that point .
tr	9	He was on board before Fish could even complete his sales pitch .
tr	8	I swear Mom had the exact same look .
tr	9	They put them down at the place of honor to sit with the chief .
tr	7	" This debt can never be repaid , " added a female .
tr	9	They had about 700 miles to go or about 65 hours steaming .
tr	8	The stranger stepped calmly aside letting Jimmy charge past him .
tr	9	Miriam sighed , picked up her clothes , and went to the cupboard to hang them up .
tr	8	He began to give the agent instructions .
tr	7	A group of four soldiers race up the gangway from the dock door .
tr	5	" Here , in fact , in this very tent , " she answered .
tr	7	The largest two outer cylinders , 12 feet high and 15 and 14 feet wide will become our crew quarters .
tr	6	" This knot of trees will serve us well .
tr	9	Going to keep it ? "
tr	10	It was a chaotic situation and there was a sense of panic in the room .
tr	5	Sofia paused , only she and Chase was left .
tr	9	" Get me patched into that truck , pronto ! "
tr	7	Volume 1 , containing the first 31 instalments , is also available free at Smashwords .
tr	7	Zeal sniffled and looked up at me with her big , sad eyes .
tr	9	" I 've always called yours Copper , but you can call her whatever you want . "
tr	10	Shade burst out laughing even harder , as tears rolled down her eyes .
tr	9	He was tired in every muscle of his body .
tr	8	This day has been coming for some time now . "
tr	8	She started reading from her iPad .
tr	10	No doubt they had played with the very toys that he himself had provided !
tr	10	Fearing he 'd collapse Katherine released his arm and looked away .
tr	7	Sign up for Laura 's newsletter .
tr	8	" Ten silvers for the time of your life . "
tr	11	It wasn 't like Mom was asking me to kill someone , but it was contact .
tr	9	" They will most certainly pillage all around them , " Mr. Clancy answered .
tr	9	Glad to get confirmation from him .
tr	7	A client had never called my dad on me .
tr	10	They were going to put his body in here .
tr	7	I turned and saw a black 4x4 pull out of a parking space .
tr	8	" And how does anyone , especially two men like us , change that ? "
tr	7	He rummaged through a drawer and found a shirt .
tr	9	As the tourists got up to leave , the regulars shoveled their food down before standing .
tr	8	General Riesling didn 't reply , just stopped where he stood .
tr	8	Three sons and you 're the only one left alive .
tr	9	The one on the right , a huge muscled man , was perhaps the blackest man Chris had ever seen .
tr	7	They were better hunters and would find any game first .
tr	8	Controls are now in the hands of the EW officer . "
tr	8	What is it that you seek ? "
tr	9	" I am going to follow him . "
tr	11	And that was all he needed to hear .
tr	7	Alejo saw her glaring at him and smiled tightly .
tr	7	Mark looked down at his clothes and shifted his weight back and forth in the tennis shoes .
tr	6	She remembered first climbing on his back and gripping onto his faded red fur .
tr	9	Because they vote in the councilors , they have an illusion of having power .
tr	6	Chapter 55 The following day , Celaena approached the glass throne , casting a wary glance about the council chamber .
tr	11	The other man moved forward to show Ethan the bottle of wine .
tr	7	" How fast can you prepare for such a mission ? "
tr	11	If I was lucky , Malcolm and Jolie didn 't even know who it was spying on them from the stairs .
tr	7	We 'll go first thing in the morning . "
tr	8	she shouted , jumping up and down on her tiny little legs .
tr	7	" Yes , I daresay you will , my lady . "
tr	10	Are you ready to get dusted ? "
tr	8	It is called Scattering the Winds .
tr	8	He was attracted to her , but now was not the time for that .
tr	8	I was hardly surprised when his gaze found mine .
tr	11	Asked Lea while trying to catch her breath .
tr	7	" Not likely given everything . "
tr	10	Katherine hugged him and he whispered something of a return trip to France .
tr	6	' In actuality , though , I just turned two thousand , eight hundred and sixty seven .
tr	9	" Look -- the stone itself is completely smooth and flat .
tr	6	I asked , " Casualties ? "
tr	8	" You will deal with the appropriate people as required .
tr	10	Reggie turned toward the people and was momentarily speechless at the size of the crowd .
tr	7	Sending one last appreciative glance up to the Goddess , she spun away from the parapet and raced downstairs .
tr	11	It had been some time since his crew had worked together and they were , after all , rusty .
tr	11	" Do you think she 's lying ? "
tr	8	" Thanks for calling back .
tr	11	She was grateful for his calmness and tried to force herself to relax .
tr	10	This was probably like the first time I ever saw her without a grin on her face .
tr	7	~ " You can 't be serious , " Chris said .
tr	5	And oh , this be nice too .
tr	6	It looked like something from a Tim Burton movie .
tr	6	" Watch this , " the Ugly Man said to Andy .
tr	6	" She requested a welcome party from the embassy Marines . "
tr	7	Their bodies were painted white .
tr	9	His eyes were wary as he looked upon her youthful face .
tr	11	Mac and Jace made sure to keep close to Raymond .
tr	9	The crystalline stream below them twisted the sunlight into ever changing patterns across its rock bed .
tr	7	Later that evening Dennis picked up Tessie and they went to a nearby Chinese Restaurant .
tr	6	' Yes , yes ; she drove off -- I was too late . '
tr	9	Melody paused in the doorway and marveled at the sight in front of her .
tr	8	Dodging the attack with ease , Rift is back in the main room in no time .
tr	9	Ryan paused to look at his notes .
tr	7	" We 're called CI , " Rupert told him .
tr	8	Bullets that tore through his body , bursting organs and shattering bones .
tr	7	asked Lord Rand at length .
tr	8	I 'll be briefing you and your Officers in the morning . "
tr	7	George walked over from the window and sat down .
tr	9	He stopped at each door and took a careful look inside before moving forward .
tr	11	Maggie and Penny sat going through preflight checks and making sure nothing was out of place .
tr	9	I squatted on the pavement outside the tavern and stared at the narrow , dark aperture below the ancient building .
tr	8	Noah shot her a lopsided smile and murmured to himself , " You 're doing this all wrong . "
tr	9	What better goes along with a hashish loving horse than some Coke ?
tr	9	" How long does this elevator take to go up ? "
tr	7	One long jag starts at his right shoulder blade and travels down his back .
tr	5	" No , admiral , " said James , sheepishly .
tr	8	" My dear , the servants are beginning to talk .
tr	11	Both of you have the same beauty inside , same smile which drives me nuts .
tr	10	You must retain control of yourself before you can control your surroundings . "
tr	9	Wendy was just happy that the end was in sight .
tr	8	We need to shut it down now . "
tr	11	Of course it wouldn 't since there was always so much activity around the yard in the daytime .
tr	10	" Yes , there 's a chance I could get it back . "
tr	7	" I can hardly believe that , " Theodosia said .
tr	10	" What am I going to do with the moody teenager ?
tr	9	He may be a fellow harder of spirit than he had imagined .
tr	9	Your voice is as pure as honey and your fingers quick as White Wolves in full sprint ! "
tr	10	" An ' long pas ' time fer this one ta be on his way . "
tr	11	I made sure Peter was aware of this .
tr	6	" No , " the Queen promptly refutes , batting it away .
tr	8	asked General Mortimer , also in Air Force officer uniform .
tr	6	The early morning stir of the waking camp was a needed distraction .
tr	7	Sarah closed her legs firmly around Dan and urged him forward .
tr	9	" Oh yeah , let 's go , " Tori said and they headed to the classroom .
tr	6	His jacket was yeasty , but had the business presence as well .
tr	10	We 'll get back to it tomorrow morning , but for the moment we have other matters to attend to .
tr	6	" Interestingly enough , you 're not the only one either , " Professor Honeywell added as well .
tr	9	" I ... can stay here " , I said whispering while Mrs. Mill left .
tr	6	They stood in the entrance to the study .
tr	5	" Goodness , I 'm just kidding . "
tr	11	I figured it out that Lars was a short name from Laurence , but he didn 't answer .
tr	11	The roof had disappeared , for what reason he was uncertain .
tr	9	Here , another man came over to make his acquaintance with her .
tr	7	Opening the shade on his right , he pressed his face against the scuffed Lexan and peered out .
tr	8	He pulled out a small stack of items and began to leaf through them .
tr	7	The black robed man gave a small cry , and then fell to the ground .
tr	8	" If you so much as touch her , I will flay your skin and watch you suffer .
tr	9	Think that leads to the woods ?
tr	7	" Keep that opinion to yourself , " the big man rumbled .
tr	7	With a snarl of rage , the Prince of Ravens charged .
tr	8	There is a loud explosion from outside and the sounds of gunfire .
tr	7	We exchanged the cash for the handcuffs and I was promptly escorted off the premises .
tr	11	He looked at Reid and me before indicating the Skoda parked a few feet away .
tr	11	" We 're waiting for a delivery of feed for the animals .
tr	8	Without letting the tension out of the bowstring , she pushed Landon behind her with her elbow .
tr	10	asked VIN looking across Jonesy at the man peering in .
tr	6	" I saw it , " the thin voice came slowly across the line .
tr	11	Hawk set off to see what he could determine .
tr	6	Not a scent , not anything I could recognize , just something that differentiated Buck from every other man on earth .
tr	6	" What a shock he must have had ! "
tr	8	" If we knock on the door , they 'll answer won 't they ? "
tr	6	" Ya scurry faster than a hunted rabbit .
tr	6	" Or we kill him , " the girl said .
tr	8	Rising majestically from the back of the flatbed was a pirate ship made entirely of living things .
tr	8	" Why are you making so much worries , Abby ?
tr	8	Pain in the arse but what else can we do ? "
tr	10	She was glad to see him before her tribunal .
tr	8	Despite the troubling presence of their escort , he slowed to enjoy it .
tr	9	He held his watch so Amanda could see it .
tr	6	Rand 's grip upon her tightened .
tr	8	His eyes followed her and he gave her a light nod .
tr	6	The figure was tall , sturdy , handsome and healthy , and oozed English charm .
tr	8	Then , with a flourish , I plopped myself in the nearest seat , stretching back and crossing my ankles .
tr	8	She tucked a stray strand of blond hair behind her ear and continued .
tr	8	He rose , standing beside Gan .
tr	8	It was hanging at his side and Ellen took that as a good sign .
tr	7	It wasn 't often she voiced her dissatisfaction .
tr	6	This could be anything . "
tr	8	The phrase left his lips before he even realized it .
tr	9	He thought he should probably hear him out .
tr	11	Sometimes I think they tried to hurt each other .
tr	11	She was trying to concentrate on walking .
tr	8	And then I felt worse , if that was possible .
tr	8	" Yeah , to tell you the truth , I 'm pretty stuffed as well , " conceded Mike .
tr	7	Then suddenly one day at the break of dawn the Second World War started .
tr	7	His ragged breaths were filled with pain .
tr	11	Sarah walked softly to the stove to light it without disturbing them .
tr	10	She was friendly again , even affable , but it was apparent the conversation was over .
tr	5	How much do you have ? "
tr	10	He asks , stopping in his tracks for the moment .
tr	9	... but your argument falls short due to the law of supply and demand .
tr	6	A quick look under the hood confirmed Taylor 's worst fears .
tr	5	" Obviously , some Jewish bride a long time ago had a good lawyer . "
tr	9	They would want to become angels . "
tr	8	" I 'm not assigned to one right now , but the last one I was on orbited Titus .
tr	11	Well , he had to go to work anyway .
tr	8	Before she could say anything though , her parents reached us .
tr	10	How heroic I am to fight you !
tr	5	" We almost got you ! "
tr	8	I watched them kill my mother seventeen times .
tr	6	The rest of Society , including the king , bow their heads in return .
tr	7	" Like an idea , " Kat said and everybody on the table stared at her .
tr	10	" Must have had something to do with fertilizer . "
tr	8	" That 's not going to work .
tr	8	To an outside observer , it sounded like firecrackers , cap guns , and children 's toys .
tr	10	They were too proud to heed my warnings , " she continues with a sad sort of nostalgia .
tr	11	On the other side , he found himself in a low corridor that stretched off into the distance .
tr	9	Her fingers lingered on the GPS beacon tucked away in her tool bag .
tr	7	His voice was terribly faint , not much stronger than a whisper , but it struck her like a slap .
tr	11	Who 's going to stay here with your mom ? "
tr	10	If the child was wild there was no way it would understand words .
tr	11	Cuz this is what I 'm thinking .
tr	8	They came expecting easy answers and got none .
tr	11	He had to be there to witness it .
tr	8	Blood red lightning shoots from her fingertips and strikes the ground near Jason .
tr	9	Harry started the car and drove away without another look at Vivien .
tr	10	As I sat on the edge of the bunk , Connie asked , " What are you going to do ? "
tr	10	They pulled off the road and drove straight into the underbrush until it was out of sight .
tr	9	" You 've got to tell us ! "
tr	5	" Well you are the only one .
tr	8	He will kill me if I fail ! "
tr	11	But it 's our job to help however we can . "
tr	6	" Oh God , you aren 't - You and Boyle aren 't a thing ? "
tr	11	She struggled again against the hands that held her in iron grips .
tr	8	They were probably retelling stories from last night and ended up putting two and two together .
tr	7	" We 've pin cushioned them and still they ride those beasts . "
tr	7	The chauffeur closed the door after him , climbed into the front seat and drove off .
tr	6	More than a few of the immortals wore faint frowns .
tr	8	All the lockers were painted in grey and were the height of most Malaysian children .
tr	10	We don 't know how to prepare him .
tr	7	I started but didn 't finish because ... " Excuse me , sir ? "
tr	9	Little wooden bubbles hang on the wall , each holding a picture .
tr	11	There was no denying that the boy was unique .
tr	8	We 've been running hard for hours .
tr	11	Her feet twitched , as if they wanted to join in .
tr	11	A half hour later I found myself lying trussed up on the ground with two teeth knocked out .
tr	7	So , to sum it all up , memory shouldn 't be a zombie 's strong suit .
tr	8	T , share control with Kaylie , please , " he directed .
tr	5	" That girl is absolutely remarkable . "
tr	10	He was eager for the day to begin .
tr	9	Mike sighed and took a long sip from his glass of whiskey .
tr	7	Julian smiled and within a second , the blue ball was already between his hands again .
tr	8	He 'd never thought of himself as a potential soldier , certainly not as an infantryman .
tr	7	The clever old spy never once mentioned Ivan or his demise , however , and Serge did not bring it up .
tr	10	That 's a bit longer than we -- or you -- anticipated .
tr	7	One of the husband 's parents placed a complete veto on their daughter in law 's spiritual beliefs .
tr	10	It was just a short swim that broke up the morning 's travel .
tr	8	I slipped behind the wheel and ran my fingers lovingly over the dashboard and the gearbox .
tr	11	Inside of the local , everything was made of white marble and the round tables adorned with flower vases .
tr	7	" You cannot reason with Kent ! "
tr	6	" Commander Tork , the Trojans are at ninety-nine percent . "
tr	7	The blade sank deep into the man 's back .
tr	11	" Thanks , Roberto , for taking such good care of me . "
tr	10	Dreams of adventure and danger were as foreign to him as was soaring among the birds .
tr	8	" I 've been this far south , but not this far east .
tr	8	The cavern is not naturally formed , the walls forming right angles every time a hallway turns or meets an intersection .
tr	8	The baby is moving inside me already , " she said .
tr	8	I decided to start first .
tr	6	She passed her desk , the cabinet , the water fountain , and the restroom .
tr	5	This time , no mean girls gave my blue hair the evil eye .
tr	6	" That is it , is it not ?
tr	7	" It 's going pretty good , Johnny , how are you all ... ?
tr	11	Jan was no stranger to scrutiny : she made a living in front of hundreds of twenty-something graduate students .
tr	10	He would know what to do surely ?
tr	10	she asked , pulling away from me , her confidence returning .
tr	9	" I played the only card I had left . "
tr	7	Julian 's face was friendly , but being his best friend , Sebastian saw some boredom beneath it .
tr	6	' That was close , ' murmured Reid below me .
tr	7	Neil , Simon and Simon 's parents stared at her , their mouths open .
tr	9	Maggie nodded , left the office , and headed out to transfer her workload .
tr	8	Jonesy finally passed him in last position at the first end of the runway .
tr	8	It was sometime later , after a great deal of awkwardness , that they were settled .
tr	6	Not many smoke them here and George doesn 't know but Genevieve and me keep this one thing secret .
tr	10	" Are you freaking kidding me Kennan ?
tr	7	Surprised at the richness she looked around and took in the sparse furniture .
tr	11	Falconer insisted on using the disposal chute , resisting any effort to inter the man .
tr	11	" Let 's go get a pitcher to celebrate . "
tr	8	" Yes Sir , " George responded out of habit , " we have eyes constantly on all of them .
tr	9	He grabbed a bottle with the infamous clear spirit from a shelf along with two small shot glasses .
tr	10	The old knees are starting to get me a bit this past winter . "
tr	8	He met her gaze evenly .
tr	10	I believe that Nature and God are closely connected possibly one and the same .
tr	11	He had been working on construction sites for years and had never really paid attention to the concrete form workers .
tr	6	He swept off his cap and shucked his coat , then peeled off a false chin and pug nose .
tr	6	" Again , my hero , " she said , smiling .
tr	7	Constantly sticking near the guide , paying attention to the tour , taking notes and pictures .
tr	8	Everything seemed to be grey ... .
tr	11	Sarah felt herself slide in and out of consciousness as she listened to the harsh voices .
tr	10	was about to say something , but she was pushed by Megan .
tr	6	Chapter Three The Problem Douglas Ashton drove his Jaguar through the winding country roads outside Bristol Airport .
tr	9	I can 't believe all this is free .
tr	9	He did not keep much in his locker , as he owned very little .
tr	6	Invisibility buttons on , Michael , Ben and the expert joined the museum excursion group and entered the museum building .
tr	5	Every soft thought , every kind word , every silly , secret hope and hazy , wishful dream .
tr	8	" About how you found me .
tr	7	With a shrug of his own , Rift confidently moves down the staircase of the narrow hallway .
tr	6	Of course Avi had given him an argument .
tr	7	Melody clutched the gifts to her chest and gave Ted a big smile .
tr	9	As the liquid hit his throat , it suddenly began to burn , causing him to gasp and choke .
tr	9	I 'm glad to hear that !
tr	9	They really felt that they could move mountains .
tr	9	' Going to save your wife 's life I hope , could I have a word with Aaron please ? '
tr	10	" That bit of rock is a different color from the others near the cliff -- see ?
tr	10	The only thing I need is for you to let Melody go .
tr	7	On the other side of the threshold was the second teacher of the clan ; Zuko Hayashi , the combat teacher .
tr	11	Those all need to be tied off or he 'll bleed to death , " the doctor said as he worked .
tr	10	What have you to say for yourself ?
tr	8	asked the same fake reporter now having everyone 's attention .
tr	10	Nothing was going to dampen his happiness on this day .
tr	10	He said he was going to Arizona .
tr	10	Aimee stared me down , her grip tightening on her cup , and the blue flecks in her eyes turning stormy .
tr	11	God knows we need to start somewhere .
tr	10	" Yes , your Majesty , " she said quietly , knowing that she was beaten .
tr	8	The Healer wasn 't the problem , nor Gan 's fight , and not simple weariness .
tr	10	She begins to explain what happened .
tr	11	" That 's all I can ask for now .
tr	5	" It won 't work . "
tr	5	" Oh , so maybe Dr. Hyde 's class isn 't total bullshit . "
tr	7	" We 're really pumped for this hike . "
tr	11	We come to the principal unknown in the theory , that of the causal agent .
tr	9	Once again the radio spoke " They 're at one hundred percent . "
tr	7	On the very bottom shelf of the bookcase , she found it .
tr	8	But what if that isn 't good enough ?
tr	9	Now his duties were about to change again .
tr	9	She sat next to Taylor on the bed and watched his efforts to bend his knees .
tr	11	I 'm ... I 'm sorry I left you alone . "
tr	9	We both just let that hang there for a while .
tr	10	In an instant , they smelled the scent of fragrant rosebud filling the air .
tr	10	She was more than he expected and in only a short time he could not imagine giving her to the Falcon .
tr	6	For the most part , the people here are bakers , butchers , farmers , and their families . "
tr	9	Set the Master Control at 75 percent and see what happens , " continued Jonesy .
tr	9	" Do you have a message from Mother ? "
tr	11	The hospitals are full and authorities urge people to stay where they are .
tr	8	Riki was probably too excited to argue .
tr	8	It was almost like a military version of tenure .
tr	11	A medic ran over to him , but Jim waved the man away saying he was alright .
tr	8	Chapter 1 A silver blade of dawn slit the gray cloud mass to create a horizon .
tr	8	" The chest wasn 't empty , " Mai adds , finally appearing next to her ally .
tr	10	" We can 't afford to let any angels slip by us . "
tr	8	What the hell does Sally 's Cat mean as an author 's name anyway ?
tr	8	The back had been padlocked and the driver snapped open the lock and lifted it from the hasp .
tr	7	It matches the brand at Cairn Cottage .
tr	10	It had been a pretty little place , tucked between the ocean and the mountains .
tr	7	She threw the tunic in his face and stomped off to the bathroom .
tr	11	He turned to see the headquarters finally succumb to a hit .
tr	6	" Yes , we 're very sorry , Joe " said Vivian .
tr	8	" We have extenuating circumstances here , sir , " she heard Alejo say calmly .
tr	10	Probably calling Uncle Tommy to get her .
tr	10	The sight that greeted them defied description !
tr	9	What a wonderful world God had opened up for his people in this book !
tr	8	The woman grunted and thrust a cup of something into his face .
tr	11	I have to do something , but what ?
tr	7	Five seconds later , we had disposed of the two guards inside .
tr	11	' Can they actually do any of this without Anna 's blood ? '
tr	10	Then we 'll figure out where we go from here . "
tr	11	Shade sat by me resting her eyes , it was a wonder we hadn 't been spotted and attacked yet .
tr	6	" I 'm a goddess , " she spoke , her Greek accent smooth and cultured .
tr	11	They would use this trough to cover their path for several leagues .
tr	9	Excuse me whilst I carry on packing . '
tr	10	She kept going without turning around .
tr	10	He stepped around the boulder then looked back at her and smiled again .
tr	11	Scarborough was astonished to be met with silence .
tr	7	They kept on , their speech but a soft whisper .
tr	6	I teach kids morality and ethics class . "
tr	7	" Why didn 't you go do your hair , " Mrs. Collins said .
tr	9	You think you are strong enough for that ? "
tr	8	The Earth had already long ago disappeared out of view and still they flew and flew .
tr	8	" You don 't know , " she insists , kneeling down beside him .
tr	6	To my surprise , a chuckle escaped Tomas Godard 's lips .
tr	6	" Ahhh , " Lena sounded out in protest .
tr	5	Fire Cub said , " Yes , even trees .
tr	7	It seemed strange , Michael not knowing something so essential to her life .
tr	9	The Devil tumbled through the air , lying where he fell .
tr	9	Ice crystal flakes begun to fall from the sky .
tr	10	If we ask him to help us he is bound to help .
tr	7	He dipped it in the warm water , lathered it with soap and placed the cloth in her hand .
tr	8	Bethany looked up into her captor 's face and saw evidence of abuse .
tr	7	With his other hand he pushed against Logan 's chest .
tr	11	" So , what do you say we get down to business ? "
tr	7	Overall , it was kind of creepy -- exactly what Dad wanted .
tr	7	" I adore ... to love them . "
tr	7	" You 've done well , " Lord Henrik called out from his throne .
tr	7	He hadn 't contacted his family in all these years .
tr	8	" Is that where we 're going ? "
tr	7	He pulled his stallion around back the way they had come , and spurred him on .
tr	7	He saw the many bottles inside the cooler .
tr	7	She looked at her phone and sighed .
tr	7	Half way through the ships interior , Tyler cuts a critical reactor component .
tr	11	With a gleeful smirk , Link turns to leave while Colin is distracted .
tr	10	A dark empty feeling crept over him as if he were sinking into ice cold water .
tr	7	" When I looked up they were standing there . "
tr	7	" I never thought of that , " his tone was startled .
tr	6	" Add them to his clothes .
tr	6	He looks up at Gabe .
tr	9	" The truth is that I do not know exactly .
tr	5	For a moment , my earlier emotional storm clouded my recognition skills .
tr	9	" I believe maintained is a more accurate description .
tr	10	His body was swaying slightly , which he felt a little strange about .
tr	8	" Yes , it 's probably a natural evolutionary process since we only give birth one time . "
tr	6	The two men continued up the hill and picked up the logs .
tr	7	That Diamond was literally covered in snow .
tr	9	His neck stretched as his head swelled and formed the dragon 's head .
tr	8	Barney climbed the stairs while his lawyer trailed behind .
tr	10	It is intentionally written in the broadest and simplest terms in order to encompass the subject .
tr	10	said a tall , thin man who stood behind the front counter .
tr	7	" You were enjoying it , were you not ? "
tr	7	" If I 'm right , the smoke we saw came from just over this hill , beyond these trees . "
tr	9	She lay motionless in the darkness , waiting for the awful sound to stop .
tr	10	I 'm willing to work with NASA in the future .
tr	11	Mr Brown , who had been walking behind them , broke into the conversation .
tr	5	One guest , the night manager , the chef and a waitress .
tr	11	" Beats the hell out of married quarters that 's for sure , " he said out loud .
tr	9	" If I don 't hear from you in five minutes I 'm coming to get you .
tr	6	The hulking young Knight Terra grunted as the little Cursor elbowed him and stepped a bit away .
tr	8	All I got out was .
tr	11	He grabbed the extra can of soda he 'd brought and handed that to her as well .
tr	10	" Thank you , Mr. Greene for lightening my mood .
tr	11	For keeping all of this from me .
tr	10	They 'd thought she 'd been eaten .
tr	8	Finally , the chief stood , and the house became , immediately , quiet again .
tr	6	Pain and disillusionment , bitterness , the hope of resurrection , a terrifying blend of final emotions .
tr	10	The man turned to look at him , but did not respond .
tr	8	" Herb you 're last but not least , like to add anything ? "
tr	11	Andy could see he was a bit nervous about something .
tr	6	' Look , I wouldn 't go that far .
tr	8	" That 's what there for , dork ! "
tr	8	Then we 'll go to this jeweller 's shop for a talk . "
tr	8	Parnell sat forward in his chair , resting his elbows on his knees .
tr	5	" With the mess you left behind , absolutely . "
tr	8	she shouted shrilly , pointing the gun at the sun cross pendant .
tr	11	Looking through the online images she felt that Roseland might have the edge on Purbeck .
tr	10	Whatever it was , she wished she knew some of the rules .
tr	7	" Everything you need - brooms , mops , shovels and pitchforks - is over there , in the corner .
tr	11	Riki protested out of habit and quickly stopped , perhaps remembering her promise to be good .
tr	8	Her husband was wiry and angular , solid and secure against the uncertainty of the coming day .
tr	8	" Very touching reunion , but we still have a situation here , " Dresden reminds them .
tr	10	" You can 't do it , and I 'll explain why in a minute .
tr	10	All she had to do was stop seeing him .
tr	9	Llama concentrated his fire on the armored man , but it seemed to have no significant effect .
tr	8	" Alfred is in the elevator now , door open on the first floor , " said 007 .
tr	10	They didn 't even know what they were looking for .
tr	7	With a shiver she snapped a picture of the Pavilion for the blog and scurried inside .
tr	6	On this side , Donna quickly added a few more lines inside the triangle .
tr	9	And those children are that hard on their smalls , Mrs. Williams , I 'll have you know .
tr	10	Kurt and Amanda were on the run ; decoys were a luxury they couldn 't afford .
tr	7	She turned and lunged for the fire extinguisher in the elevator .
tr	8	Rafe shook his head and , held out a hand toward Adele .
tr	11	Bryony found herself wishing that Edwin were with her .
tr	8	Just inside the door , the throbbing techno music reverberated inside her chest and the dim lighting confused her .
tr	5	" In the yard , darling , " a deep voice calls back .
tr	8	He pauses and doubt laces his voice .
tr	7	His lips tightened and a muscle twitched in his jaw .
tr	11	Loot asked , " Wolf Eyes , would you take this to Waving Willow to prepare for us ?
tr	10	Look I got to go .
tr	11	They were seated fairly quickly at a large square table in the middle of the restaurant .
tr	8	Like a sweaty missile , Cletus smashed into and through the large plate glass window of the store .
tr	10	He could see rage in Takeo 's eyes and knew the next attack would come fierce .
tr	11	Hailey was more than happy to go back to sleep .
tr	11	He 's spent all night glaring at me , except when he was threatening me . "
tr	7	Outside the ring of guards the world had gone mad .
tr	11	He will kill us if we don 't get there before sunset .
tr	6	My thoughts trailed off and I saw an odd sight .
tr	5	Her third eye sizzles , her body shimmers and she disappears .
tr	10	" I think you might be exaggerating a little . "
tr	11	I hollered for Sam , who was by this time back on the dock .
tr	10	I have to help the next Roald Dahl create a masterpiece .
tr	6	But the words stuck in my throat .
tr	8	They had not noticed him before now and swung toward the deep baritone voice .
tr	10	Jones said , " So did I , " hurrying to keep up .
tr	5	" No , I 'm not , " she said more firmly , more certainly .
tr	7	" Don 't ever do that again , " he shouted .
tr	9	Even if it does look a bit like a rocket ship about to depart .
tr	8	When survival depended on mobility , that which couldn 't move must be sacrificed .
tr	11	I think it shows there was a fire here .
tr	6	It was so divinely rough , so divinely crude , so utterly blinding and bruising and simple .
tr	9	You think he 'll do that ? "
tr	11	" There has to be another way to win . "
tr	8	From the package bounded an adorably cute long-haired kitten .
tr	10	" I thought my father was bad , but really he was just nonexistent , until he died , that is .
tr	7	She switched to English and pasted on a smile .
tr	6	His shoulders were hunched over .
tr	6	Dad rubbed the scruff on his jaw .
tr	11	Do you have any idea why ? "
tr	6	Despite the morning chill , her mahogany legs were bare and she wore scuffed black plastic ballet flats .
tr	9	It was threaded with dark rivers and mountain ranges surrounding a vast plateau .
tr	10	I 've arranged it so your annual stipend will match your current salary .
tr	11	As always happened in her arms , I felt the years melt away as the heat of passion surged through me .
tr	7	This is a work of fiction .
tr	8	At the last moment he looked up and across to where Rand crouched .
tr	6	Outside of a certain range , the ecosystem becomes bare , and vegetation and animal life is very difficult .
tr	9	" I hope you did not hurt yourself . "
tr	7	He swept a large feathered hat off his head and bowed deeply .
tr	6	" Three , there 's actually four things , " said the man .
tr	6	In the strong overhead stage lights , the initial inscribed into the silver wasn 't an I or a J .
tr	6	Anna simply glared at him , " Fine ! "
tr	9	" She wanted you to take a bath , and now you have . "
tr	11	As soon as he 'd been untied from the horse , he 'd set about being " helpful . "
tr	10	" She 's going to miss the party then , " Jason says confidently .
tr	10	We tramp along the trail , and Gabe half-heartedly calls Sunshine 's name while I get myself in order .
tr	8	" Do you know why ? "
tr	9	I have to get out , " the boy said .
tr	10	He was leaning against the wall and slowly rolling a cigarette between his fingers ; his gaze held mine steadily .
tr	7	In this moment , Jonas went to her grandmother and stabbed the knife into her chest .
tr	5	In bold black letters , it says , " Peanut Brittle Bone Disease . "
tr	9	She looked away , not sure what to think .
tr	6	a shiver rattled her teeth ... nooo it wasn 't a dream !
tr	10	Want to know what I think ?
tr	5	" No , you can 't , he wants you home right now . "
tr	9	Almost missing his turn , he cut across two lanes of traffic , triggering a barrage of angry horn blasting .
tr	7	In this tent , with him .
tr	7	" We 'll just stay a little while , be friendly , go back .
tr	10	The wind out of the east would carry any human voice sounds away from the enemy .
tr	6	And at that moment yet another ray of light shot up into the heavens .
tr	11	I half expected them to start kicking up their legs in a line dance they were so perfectly organized .
tr	10	My awareness saw a flash from the Citadel and two large winged metallic creatures emerged .
tr	11	" Do you how long he 's been involved with these terrorists ? "
tr	9	Do you believe this ? "
tr	5	" You won 't , " another voice answers her .
tr	6	Up ahead , Bruno cried out and almost fell .
tr	6	" He said killed , Adele .
tr	8	" What a very interesting comb , " someone said behind them .
tr	8	He didn 't even know how many men he faced .
tr	9	asked the Minister , a business tone returning to his voice .
tr	9	Just the thought of talking to her parents -- even if it was one-sided -- made her feel closer to them .
tr	10	" Johnny , what 's the opposite of fear ? "
tr	6	They entered the station and shortly after , Ingram joined them from somewhere in the back .
tr	6	With a heavy sigh , Claire rolled off the bed and pulled her rucksack over .
tr	8	I was closest , so I reached out and grabbed him , surprising myself .
tr	7	As if he sensed her thoughts , Shaykh Saif 's smile faded .
tr	6	A week later the New Year 's football games reached their climax and the Holiday season reached its end .
tr	10	She had already reached one hand into the pocket and was working the key towards it with the other hand .
tr	6	As they passed , the leader stopped and smiled at her .
tr	11	While it did , the big man quickly smothered the fire , making sure all of the coals were gone .
tr	10	I fought hard for my position , but was no match for the forces of nature .
tr	6	Well over six feet tall , with thin limbs and sunken cheeks .
tr	11	" That 's not to say I 'm a saint .
tr	7	With a broad smile , Claire pulled her rucksack from the back seat and headed into the hostel .
tr	10	Candice stood up and approached Beppe who , out of courtesy , also stood up .
tr	5	His body ached , limbs and rump and head , from the hard landing .
tr	9	Nobody else apart from the team heads , and now you , know of this part of the plan .
tr	7	We were in a jovial mood the rest of the day .
tr	7	What a shame the experience is spoiled by the shambolic entrance and the tourist traps every five minutes .
tr	9	The mountain was sacred and had been the lair of the Lost Souls .
tr	10	How I 'll enjoy watching your education .
tr	7	" The more slaves a man owns , the more cotton he can reap in the year .
tr	7	" She 's lost her bow thrusters , " Wes yelled down into the CIC .
tr	6	" And he has no vices , " Kristina went on , " No secret women ?
tr	7	the boy said to the flames , sobbing his words out .
tr	10	The Sentinel started off flashy - a garish costume and stopping a bank robber in downtown Los Angeles .
tr	9	He assured her as she readied for a second try .
tr	7	It was his plan in the first place .
tr	9	He shifted to lean a bit to the right .
tr	7	Mrs. Mason spends a lot of time with the daughter ... .
tr	7	That is when I left . "
tr	7	My leg shot out and caught the butler in the face .
tr	8	It 's just always been a fact of life .
tr	10	He was halfway satisfied that the old man had some illness and was in a bad way .
tr	10	Noah did not mention how Mariposa and he 'd had an argument .
tr	11	Mr Gorn , care to explain what those stages are ? "
tr	10	Bye the way what happened to Small ? '
tr	10	Hank responded , affirmation finally beginning to sink in .
tr	9	This was going to be fun .
tr	8	He 'd have done the same in their shoes .
tr	6	People of all social orders and classes flocked to the Faith .
tr	9	When he was finished with it , the ship would have become a public trust .
tr	6	You got a video link available ? "
tr	7	Five riders , racing through the desert , weaving in and out , jumping slight rises .
tr	8	It had to be her .
tr	10	Worse than the worries he 'd had before starting at Austin .
tr	10	He regretted the privilege to speak freely his former commander had granted him .
tr	7	" But these are very special tools in the four kingdoms .
tr	6	A clink sounded outside the door to the locker room .
tr	10	Clancy had asked to be awakened next .
tr	7	When he steps outside , I scramble back up onto the roof and stretch out onto my stomach .
tr	5	" Suit yourself , " he replied and moved around her .
tr	10	" It shouldn 't be enough to kill her .
tr	8	Remember that I wasn 't athletic ? "
tr	11	" Do you want to go play ? "
tr	7	" I asked who you are . "
tr	11	None of the dastardly deeds he heard were as atrocious as the many he had done .
tr	5	" I 'm a fucking mess .
tr	10	to spring their plan to tell her parents the news .
tr	10	The horses were prepared for fighting with leather and mail armor on heads and flanks .
tr	7	" We 're all freaking out , " Taylor added in , " but we 're just keeping it together . "
tr	9	Watching them , Miriam thought with a rising tide of exultation that Mana was wrong ; they were all pretty stupid .
tr	8	It would be a long night in the black army camp .
tr	9	" Well , they try to ease you into the raids .
tr	6	" He 's too small , " the voice calls from inside .
tr	10	Not wanting to continue with the conversation , Mark also tried to play things down .
tr	6	Dad asked from his slumber on the sofa .
tr	6	She pointed at the appropriate hamster drawing .
tr	7	Wan na try it ? "
tr	11	I can also tell that you are thinking of your next move .
tr	11	Her untidy black hair had been braided into many thin little pigtails and pulled onto the top of her head .
tr	5	" It 's not me ! "
tr	10	" I know you are not telling the truth , " said Lord Harald .
tr	6	Not exactly a silver lining , but some small compensation anyway .
tr	8	They fanned out , looking around the lobby .
tr	8	He broke off , shaking his head in dissatisfaction .
tr	10	" It 's been three weeks now and I think I can trust you .
tr	8	" My God man , do you always repeat what people say ? "
tr	10	His friend was still not serious about what was going on .
tr	11	We 're going to retrieve it , and we 'll be much stronger once we have it . "
tr	8	Kurt checked the clock over the microwave and leaped to his feet , cursing .
tr	8	The blood he shed washes away all sin , but only if you accept it .
tr	10	Neither do I but think we have to . '
tr	8	The war he 'd seen was over .
tr	5	He had a wife and one child one year old and one new born .
tr	5	My life and the life of my brother in exchange for my services .
tr	7	The fever plagued our group as well and one by one , people died .
tr	9	The shelves and floor displays were still stocked with lots of merchandise .
tr	9	There was nothing left of the first Daemon but debris .
tr	6	Furnace 's face remained as impassive as a stone .
tr	6	" The Star ... it 's powering down its defense grid . "
tr	9	He wore an outfit similar to the black man 's , but in twinkling red .
tr	10	I immediately sensed that an Angel was amongst us , " said Sophia joyfully .
tr	9	" You may as well get used to it , Marja .
tr	11	She was convinced they weren 't aware of reality .
tr	7	The cuts would not become permanent scars and for that , he was grateful .
tr	7	When the last one hit , the trough was almost dry , only a soggy pile of sizzling packets were left .
tr	6	" Never hit a man 's head with a closed fist . "
tr	10	Where the battle took place is a round field of thick glass that sparkles from the sunlight .
tr	5	Their dark purple skin and fireball red eyes are very , very intimidating .
tr	11	That 's helpful , but I 'm afraid it won 't be enough .
tr	9	So they took their time and were on their fourth day of the fifty mile journey .
tr	6	In fact , he and Vera would often take long walks together .
tr	8	His visage is indistinguishable beneath his hood , but his round eyes glow a pale green .
tr	6	" My child , not many people get a second chance , and fewer still get a third . "
tr	9	The animals occasionally nuzzled each other 's necks , but mostly kept to themselves on opposite sides of their pen .
tr	6	" Stop right there , miss , " the deep voice called from the shadows .
tr	5	" ' Tis close enough ! "
tr	8	Chris had been Jeremy 's best friend , but the two couldn 't have been more dissimilar .
tr	11	If the man was the unreasonable sort , he probably wasn 't who they were looking for anyway , thought Anderson .
tr	10	She found herself trying to read his shoulders .
tr	9	He knew deep in his gut that Russia could never be a free nation .
tr	6	" Ah , this is excellent , my dear . "
tr	9	Most of them seemed to radiate pure hatred and disgust , and the Prince couldn 't understand why .
tr	8	" While you twirl your hair about your fingers the prisoner is being freed ! "
tr	7	Pain twisted his features in a way Elaina seldom saw .
tr	10	Only if all went according to plan though .
tr	9	He then turned a large lever on the tourniquet to take in the excess slack .
tr	7	" I watched the security videos from the hotel bombing in Jakarta , " said William .
tr	10	To their sides were the brittle reeds which had walled them to the shore .
tr	8	Josie pointed to Mark to emphasize the point .
tr	10	I 'm afraid I must be excused .
tr	10	he asked , trying to be cordial .
tr	7	It was the Bastian tech at the base .
tr	8	Rubbing his eyes , he complained of a lack of sleep .
tr	10	What I 'll be doing back in Dublin is anyone 's guess . "
tr	8	No thirst for violence or love of destruction drove her to this end .
tr	8	" It has to go underneath . "
tr	9	Maggie watched the instruments as the Russian space station grew large in the cockpit glass .
tr	7	In fact , know what ?
tr	11	Let him know to expect Jace . "
tr	9	I believe you can input the code directly .
tr	9	The couch groaned in protest as Jim 's gigantic frame settled into a comfortable position .
tr	7	you 've both been naughty boys ... ... ... .
tr	10	He knew how to deal with such situations .
tr	9	We 're going to make it . "
tr	9	It made the knots in her stomach tighten even more .
tr	7	If I remember correctly there is a shallow trough higher up after the ledges .
tr	8	They had been talking about Mom .
tr	11	" I know it 's not the second from the top , " said Mac .
tr	8	Although , they lived a moderate life style , money never seemed to be an issue .
tr	10	" Why 'd you laugh when you saw the boot in that trap ? "
tr	10	Clara thought I had gone mad .
tr	9	' That 's where the train was heading , ' I explained at his mute stare .
tr	8	Stacy came by Tori and whispered , " Are we checking the diary ? "
tr	11	A UN flunky who didn 't rate a limo may well be a more useful target than an actual ambassador .
tr	11	You could at least have tried to stop me , " said Ben trying to justify himself .
tr	7	" You 've got infantry to your rear ! "
tr	8	" We 'll carry on to London and get those jobs done .
tr	8	Not past , but around her in a tight circle .
tr	8	It 's now that she sees it .
tr	8	Yet even as he was studying the newcomer , Ward was in turn being examined .
tr	9	As the fall crept towards winter , we all grew more wiry , our reflexes honed by the practice .
tr	7	Rand called for the page , and gave Bron his full attention .
tr	9	" I said the second she wakes up Doctor , " Valerie snaps .
tr	8	" A fine tool for foraging , or a weapon , if need be . "
tr	7	I should be on my way , then .
tr	7	Once the water was boiling , he removed the cloth and carefully cleaned the lacerations .
tr	9	I think he is doing extraordinary well . "
tr	8	He ducked around the side of a tanker and stopped .
tr	7	" Indeed , " said 007 , standing tall and smiling broadly .
tr	5	" It does , " Magnus said , " at that . "
tr	6	" Aimee 's in trouble . "
tr	6	In its place was another , even stronger emotion .
tr	10	Ethan knew what would happen to her .
tr	5	Only a last name , a career label , a personnel number , and a tee time .
tr	9	Mirai had shielded him , paying for his safety with her own .
tr	8	A team of Secret Service agents poured into the room with their side arms at the ready .
tr	9	" We meet at the warehouse , my dad introduces the mission , the staff does a bit of training .
tr	8	Other than that it 's fine enough . "
tr	8	Something about the state of the room suggested to Claire that these girls were not early risers .
tr	11	" We come according to your statement that you seek soldiers .
tr	9	I just hope that they won 't fail us . "
tr	8	For the first time in his life Noah made a decision without the safety net of his family .
tr	5	" Callie , more wipes . "
tr	7	" Yes Roberto of course . "
tr	7	" 40 ... 45 percent , we have liftoff and going home !
tr	10	You didn 't seem to mind on the beach . "
tr	6	Then he headed toward the kitchen .
tr	9	Shouts and cries of pain echoed across the grounds as more Bastian Hunters returned to consciousness .
tr	10	My hands grow hot , and I fight to keep my skin down over the slits .
tr	10	" They went to sleep like Sammie did . "
tr	7	If something wasn 't done , and soon , it would go critical and quite literally fry itself .
tr	10	He saw Cujo , the dog rescued with the women and girls , lying by the fire guarding the little ones .
tr	9	Then she noticed his secure phone , the torn cord pointing toward his chair .
tr	10	The winter had done little actual damage but there were several small holes that needed attention .
tr	7	Sad thing , though , when they fought that sorcerer , she broke his staff and was blinded . "
tr	10	His lips were stretched and even underneath the tanned skin Pierre could see his friend was pale .
tr	6	A scrawny little kid with curly blond hair stood at the door like a pint-size guard .
tr	8	" Making haste , " said 007 , turning the limo sharply away from the curb and flooring it .
tr	6	Thank God I didn 't mention all our failed pranks this past year .
tr	6	Once the juice dried , it set the wood grain into position , harder , more resilient than before .
tr	11	I hope that you enjoy it and the subsequent books in the series .
tr	10	The marina was slowly coming back to life confident now that the danger had passed .
tr	11	" You will listen to me when I speak to you , " she said in a low tone .
tr	11	Bryony had no choice but to let him take them .
tr	8	Cade noted , peering down at the rocks below .
tr	9	You should scout the fields near the hills and the inner pass just inside the first line of mountains .
tr	7	Claire thanked the doctor , gathered her bag , and headed out to the waiting room .
tr	7	Reid directed the torch downwards .
tr	6	Besides , even if it could they could never leave Percival behind .
tr	10	" Who ever knows what they 're up to ? "
tr	8	A young man , with blond long hair ... I dreamt a very beautiful mansion , Mrs. Kate .
tr	7	He pulled an envelope from his coat and slid it across the table .
tr	11	The town was quiet as the men walked through the slowly awakening streets .
tr	6	I can 't believe this !
tr	10	Mac couldn 't believe someone would do this .
tr	10	What she wanted to repeat again .
tr	9	The hydraulic closing mechanism on the heavy steel door swung it slowly shut behind her .
tr	6	The front door moved in the breeze .
tr	5	Apple and Microsoft for now , and then later on , Google and Amazon . "
tr	8	" Well said , Lieutenant , I see great things in your future , " Warrior replies .
tr	9	She had kept a secret deep in her heart most of her career .
tr	10	growled Sampson , jumping up and slamming his hand down on the table .
tr	10	Our troops are watching them , but they 've five decades of experience in sabotage and secrecy .
tr	9	If she didn 't want you here , I assure you , you 'd be gone already .
tr	5	A soap store , a perfume store , a specialty baby gift shop .
tr	7	" Right , " said Ben , rushing out of the room .
tr	8	I glanced up and swung my body to the left , losing my right hold on the skid .
tr	7	A pale fuzz of light blurs the lines of his fingers .
tr	7	He stepped back from the grate and dusted off his trousers .
tr	10	But it was late and he was tired and he just wanted to get home .
tr	5	A good solid name , not too common , not too exotic or weird .
tr	6	Forty minutes later , Anna came and took a seat next to me .
tr	8	" Have you bin drinking lad ?
tr	8	" Unless Yang is around because his scent cancels out other Superiors ' scents . "
tr	6	' Oh my God , they are ... they 're dinosaurs . '
tr	8	For a moment she did not know where she was .
tr	10	" I could have made do with one bucket .
tr	6	Or , " his eyes narrowed , " perhaps you want more money for yourself ? "
tr	9	He was trying to locate them .
tr	7	And now you show up in my twilight years and ask for an army . "
tr	7	" What about the boys ' section ?
tr	8	The boys were standing together looking out the window .
tr	7	I quickly made my way up the stairs to Aimee 's room .
tr	7	The technician jumps back , his eyes wide and his body shaking with terror .
tr	5	Then the lesson was over .
tr	9	" Anyone following you on your way here ? "
tr	9	The sentences are too bloated with adjectives , because I can 't push the action ahead .
tr	11	He means to take what is ours .
tr	11	I needed to worry about keeping it .
tr	6	That gives us ouch ... 314 seconds ... You Bastard turned his long neck around .
tr	6	" Whatever in the hell are you talking about , Sean ? "
tr	10	Sky turned as she reached the line of trees .
tr	7	It really isn 't casting at all ... " Here he trailed off , suddenly very still .
tr	6	Oh , good grief , he " d even spotted the monthly discrepancy in the petty cash box !
tr	8	" I saw her do it once . "
tr	9	That 's girl meets boy .
tr	6	" I own a security company , we specialize in oil field security .
tr	7	Powerful necks extended , the heads of the creatures bobbed and weaved , dodging the strikes .
tr	11	Americus slipped Magna into the scabbard he wore on his back .
tr	8	" Shadows and fire , it always takes my breath away to see that sight .
tr	5	-- Barnes & Noble Nook Book , User Reviews " Loved the characters . "
tr	7	His aura is a rush of rusted oranges , browns and reds .
tr	11	He mouths something that looks like Just kiss already .
tr	9	" Do you believe in the wind ? "
tr	7	However there is now a change to our agreement .
tr	7	" Because the WTR probably assumes you were successful , " explained Nathan .
tr	9	We could run the dam together in the spirit of cooperation .
tr	7	Pete looked back at the store and its broken window with Cletus ' feet sticking out .
tr	6	" Well , Major , in another fifteen minutes , the spotlight shifts to you .
tr	10	I guess I 'd better , but he isn 't going to like it .
tr	8	I mean to take you .
tr	8	" Have a seat , " he said , waving at the chairs opposite his desk .
tr	9	" That makes sense as far as I can see . "
tr	9	They wanted to get moving .
tr	6	She cocked her head and suppressed a grin .
tr	5	" No , June , you can 't , " I say matter-of-factly .
tr	10	The beasts were afraid of what lay beyond .
tr	7	With ease he leaped over the gate and landed on the soft grass outside the wall , making no noise .
tr	9	Vee go , but I not promise to fight , only register ! "
tr	9	" I pay for the bag plus markup and that covers my tab until it runs out .
tr	5	The frightening shadowy creatures , vampires and even Nicholas and Jackson are gone .
tr	11	His leg shifted as he struggled to contain himself .
tr	9	Until ... they want you to be dead .
tr	9	He carefully propped Mr. Clancy against the side of the rock walls .
tr	10	I think we 're done for the day .
tr	9	He clearly didn 't know what to say .
tr	9	After all , who were these people , anyway ?
tr	8	Cade asked , looking at the letter .
tr	7	* * * * Quickly stuffing her hand inside the bag on his waist , Zoe felt the disk fragment .
tr	10	No sooner had he done that than another member of the Guard moved in and disarmed him .
tr	10	William 's pulse quickened and he broke out into a cold sweat as they turned the corner and entered the study .
tr	8	He should have rejoined us by now . "
tr	7	" Good military and police work starts in the field , but great work happens in the lab . "
tr	10	' Oh , it 's Friday night he 'll be out . '
tr	7	Manny , one step ahead of his boss , was already scouring the dirt yard around the barn .
tr	9	Remaining silent , Rift grimaces painfully , but continues to carefully conceal his treasure .
tr	7	That day he picked corn and played with the family until dark .
tr	11	Can 't crack it yourselves like proper thieves ? "
tr	11	Do you know who it is ? "
tr	9	That should start a fire and also set off the tank rounds in the ammo compartments . "
tr	8	Daisy lived in Anubis House until her mother 's twin sister killed her .
tr	8	The closer they got to his home , the more of an advantage they 'd have .
tr	7	Virgil rushed to the fireplace and applied the poker and tongs .
tr	11	Bethany looked at him in alarm seemingly to ask him if he were crazy .
tr	11	Well , that 's what I thought he was doing .
tr	5	But for my surprise not only Jay was my ally .
tr	11	The Order of Darkness are preparing to invade , and we won 't be able to stop them alone .
tr	10	Finn gave the rope a jerk and could almost feel the poor sod trembling at the other end .
tr	7	He reached out with his senses , using the Raven Talisman .
tr	6	" I only need it temporarily , " soothing the cries of the squeamish Scarborough .
tr	10	" Miss Mercedes mentioned you would be along soon enough .
tr	9	Out of the corner of my eyes , I saw a figure appear in the doorway to the rooftop .
tr	8	" Mohammed came into the building with a case of some type .
tr	8	The survivors are regrouping and will be extracted soon .
tr	6	' I want to ... ' But just then everything went deadly silent .
tr	8	But when he left the headquarters building after his briefing he was feeling a little better about the operation .
tr	5	Again , in my thoughts , my ingrained selfishness reared its ugly head .
tr	9	He said it was mostly likely an EMP . "
tr	9	" You know well I cannot sleep in the car .
tr	10	I find the crumpled body of a man a half mile away from our stakeout .
tr	7	He was delirious , calling out my name .
tr	11	The silence was broken by the squawking of a pair of crows as they lifted off the ground ahead of us .
tr	6	" No , I , uh - " " Spit it out , " she commanded in clipped tones .
tr	10	She gulped in tense , wondering what causes that eerie sound .
tr	5	" Yes , yes it is , " I say .
tr	9	People were growing tired of the cookie-cutter novels -- the generic , molded , scripted repeats of previous successes .
tr	11	" No reason for you to have heard of it .
tr	9	" Nobody , " he sighs , turning away and dropping through another portal .
tr	9	great to see you , " said George .
tr	8	As I drove I wondered about the person in the car ahead .
tr	9	Bending down , I picked up a rough object and held it in front of the lamplight .
tr	9	Claire tried to read the man 's expression .
tr	6	This will be our only meeting .
tr	7	Sweat poured down his face and he breathed heavily from his run around the island .
tr	10	He was sitting on the edge of the seat and was smoking a cigarette .
tr	8	" Look , David , I 'm sorry , okay ? "
tr	7	" OK , " said Jennie , " so what happened with you up at Tern Hill ? "
tr	5	Ruane , gag the little rodent and blindfold him . "
tr	9	Both boys removed their shoes , and Neil swung his in one hand as he breathed the salt air .
tr	5	After a few minutes , the limo door opened and her heart rate accelerated .
tr	11	So much that it 's considered magic by many .
tr	7	Mark considered that for a moment .
tr	6	I only received the news three months ago .
tr	5	" That 's all me . "
tr	9	A car was parked parallel to the paddock wall , maybe five feet or so from it .
tr	8	" Doctor , as much as it pains you , I am your commander and we must work together .
tr	11	Steve was exhilarated by the challenge of overpowering such a persistent opponent .
tr	5	" This alliance , this brotherhood you and your father dragged us into .
tr	9	" I asked you what your future plans for life are ?
tr	10	It is a more expensive piece of furniture than any of the villagers could afford , I 'm sure .
tr	9	Nature made us into the best possible image she could for our intended purpose .
tr	7	Maybe we could do that little run down by the waterfall ? "
tr	5	" Well I do , and so would your parents . "
tr	5	" Now the other girl , a fucking Manic , she was a handful .
tr	6	Yeah , not even " Hi " or anything , just " Come . "
tr	9	He stood in front of the door and took a deep breath .
tr	11	Her smile was shy but her eyes looked at him like he hoped she would .
tr	6	Already , a pile of discards grew next to the entrance .
tr	10	Rain began to fall , and the Prince looked up at the sky , terror seizing him .
tr	8	Hailey heard a small voice command , " Come to order .
tr	7	" My esteemed father died at harvest time ... fortunately for you .
tr	11	Eventually the travelling ceased and a nurse was hired to stay with them .
tr	10	Armageddon is no excuse not to be neighborly , he thought .
tr	11	They had gone from being his mortal enemies to , potentially , his greatest allies .
tr	9	It was Tork who found it .
tr	7	She , however , did not notice the stare or the shift .
tr	10	The walls were exactly what they appeared to be .
tr	5	" All the way up those stairs again ? "
tr	11	Delighted they poured themselves into the lifeless dragons causing them to arise with unnatural movements .
tr	11	I 'm glad I could be of assistance .
tr	11	He tilted his head , completely underestimating the girl he 'd offended .
tr	7	Chelsea argued , not truly upset by it .
tr	9	Do they have wings ? "
tr	11	Grease , sweat and curse words can form a bond that goes beyond spoken words .
tr	9	Eduardo confirmed , and Noah sat down on the concrete edge of the fountain , stretching out his legs .
tr	10	" I heard your dad is still out of work . "
tr	10	I think Father McGinty will take issue with that . "
tr	10	Sarah looked at her son as if there were more to the story .
tr	5	Still a specter and standing in front of cold steel and gunpowder for no good reason .
tr	9	" There 's nothing we can do . "
tr	8	The lads wondered what to do .
tr	10	" Did I say I knew ?
tr	11	" These wounds are beyond the skill of any in our keep , " Lady Kenna grumbled bitterly .
tr	9	His speech is clear and he insists upon presiding over the tribunal himself . "
tr	7	Ahmad noticed this and looked over his shoulder , immediately stopped shouting , and turned pale .
tr	11	If she died , I 'd never forgive myself , but there was no way to bring her to me now .
tr	10	It seemed to be coming from the forest .
tr	7	Somewhere between here and the main grid the power cords had been destroyed .
tr	7	Like other eleven year olds his hands struggled to stretch and grip chords on the school 's classical guitars .
tr	8	Both of her hands cupping the back of her neck , she resonates a casual calm as she greets her visitor .
tr	10	I 'd say you smell like lilacs .
tr	6	The force of the explosion momentarily freed him from the misty onslaught .
tr	8	" Can 't say I blame her .
tr	11	He saw his hand go to his own headset to warn the other two .
tr	7	" Call it an exorcism , " Mark said .
tr	6	The bright light off the white clouds , the night too far behind , and every minute farther .
tr	10	Still I wish we could send out for a pizza . "
tr	10	I run up to her and beg her to come with me .
tr	9	We just have to react to their actions .
tr	9	If you just hand it over without any fuss , we 'll go away . "
tr	8	" What do you mean what I want .
tr	9	For several days she had thought about her feelings and the things he invoked in her .
tr	10	I just do not understand what is going on .
tr	5	" Oh , what the hell , " Claire said aloud .
tr	10	I bet the worst part was giving up territory to us . "
tr	11	I was distracted when you were on the ship earlier .
tr	5	" After the first twenty four hours it decreases dramatically . "
tr	7	But when they described Mark , the Deputy took interest .
tr	11	I stood up , at a loss for what to do , drowning in a sea of despair .
tr	6	There is no sound , there is no movement .
tr	6	We took several blood samples , and the results were the same .
tr	7	She desperately needed a hug , but that was not the most pressing problem now .
tr	8	He started to cry again .
tr	7	Benjamin 's eyebrows were raised at Gabriel .
tr	7	" There 's always a way , I just need to think . "
tr	9	He had been doing this for years .
tr	11	" It seemed to shimmer as he moved , almost glow at times , then appear dark and still .
tr	10	We 'll start deploying gear in about an hour .
tr	7	Most of the bones were dull and gray , but the occasional cream-colored femur or pelvis stood out among them .
tr	6	" No , I only have a Math class left today -- and it 's just another lecture . "
tr	7	Barney turned to Chris and smiled , then excused himself .
tr	8	The further he walked into the battlefield , the more he saw signs of executions and looting of bodies .
tr	11	I was making mess trying to clean up .
tr	9	As always , the minister woke to the sound of the first chirping bird and smiled .
tr	6	Nearby Gwendolyn , smiles sweetly and happily waves and blows kisses to the thunderous crowd .
tr	6	It was the captain 's turn to smile .
tr	9	There is a video clip of my story on a local news website .
tr	9	Josie quickly figured out these weren 't the Secret Service or the FBI .
tr	5	Instead of a return phone number , the sender was an anonymous e-mail .
tr	8	The artificial training certainly helped , but nothing was the same as the real thing .
tr	7	I know all about that .
tr	7	The widower sheriff of Redemption and his baby boys getting their ears chopped off and force-fed to them ?
tr	7	He shuffled over to the right-hand side bench and collapsed into a sitting position .
tr	6	Allah will forgive you . "
tr	5	" Walk away , Joe , " Adam warned him .
tr	7	" No , why would I , you 'll see soon enough , " Lilly Ann shrugged .
tr	6	All the old furniture was gone , replaced by the Jonathan Adler furniture , the new end tables and lamps .
tr	7	Maybe we should know each other a little bit better . "
tr	11	" They first tried to kill me here , while I was hawking .
tr	8	It only served to increase the smell .
tr	7	My fingers closed on the glass neck , and I hauled it from its display case .
tr	11	I lay stunned for several seconds , before blinking and choking on a mouthful of dirt .
tr	10	" Do you have the Sack with you ? "
tr	7	Cobb asked , reaching out his hand .
tr	10	Sometimes the tide gets so low the deer just walk across the gap . "
tr	7	Kevin was on a porch swing waiting and immediately jumped up and waved .
tr	8	I didn 't say anything , being scared .
tr	11	The tunnel up and out was a couple of feet above the floor of the cavern .
tr	10	Before the Prince could respond , the girl spoke : " You knew they were here . "
tr	11	We 'd normally ride to a clearing in the forest , dismount , and then stalk the deer by foot .
tr	10	" It 's meant to be a right laugh , tobogganing down .
tr	6	A slender woman in her thirties turned away from the coffee maker with a smile .
tr	9	Tony 's cousin had one of the contracts for module placement .
tr	10	Then there was a rustle , the sound of something massive shifting its weight .
tr	6	" Ow , get off me , " Rob grunted .
tr	6	And by the way , the viewing is tomorrow evening and the church service and burial is Thursday morning .
tr	8	" Warrior , I 'm on my way back to CIC , " Aria states .
tr	5	* * * " My lord , our three bears are dead . "
tr	10	He didn 't understand what was going on .
tr	6	" It 's very possible , Byron , " she said softly .
tr	8	have we heard back from Forensic Services in London ?
tr	9	I thought maybe he would help me .
tr	5	No golden Indian idols , no placer deposits , no promising quartz veins .
tr	8	" I thought you were wounded ! "
tr	9	But to put my work in a nutshell , Hangar Eight will produce the nutrition needed for a long space voyage .
tr	5	And now , even in the immediate landscape , beauty was drawing near .
tr	6	The charges were the greatest danger , Frank now realized .
tr	9	I decided to let her be .
tr	6	At the proper time , the barrels were tapped and the brew sampled .
tr	11	We also have explosives wired up to halt any threat should it come . '
tr	6	' They 've just reached the underwater dock . '
tr	7	When I make friends , we are moving again .
tr	10	The squirrel is frozen in fear , its heart throbbing mad , making me crazy .
tr	5	' Never mind , lad , you did your best . '
tr	10	But without him , there 's no way to get close enough to the targets .
tr	10	" Sorry Simon , I think I might have given you the wrong impression .
tr	7	" Can I have some water and food , please ? "
tr	9	The last time she heard voices outside a cottage door , they had been friendly ones .
tr	9	He put his hand in his pocket and handed her his car keys and then knelt down in front of her .
tr	11	If he attempted to explain he would only succeed in making himself appear foolish .
tr	10	" Chance we got ta take I think .
tr	6	" Stop it , " Scarlett said , her voice flat , mechanical .
tr	8	" 100,000 feet , " said Jonesy a second later , " ... flight level 112 at 3,800 knots .
tr	5	" And it 's not the only lie .
tr	6	On the contrary , I took a life daily , the same as my master .
tr	9	she said , making me blush .
tr	6	With those words he knocks the wind from my lungs .
tr	6	Mother 's voice was soft and comforting , her words supportive , " I understand .
tr	6	" I really messed her life up , too , " Alejo muttered .
tr	6	" Killed in a revolution , " Mana said matter-of-factly .
tr	8	But it would be a long , long run -- Manuel rode the bus and lived miles across town .
tr	8	There 's something really wrong with that guy , David found himself thinking .
tr	8	One of the uniforms found something tying Gema Mason to Brenner and Downer .
tr	7	Then I heard the unmistakable voices of Jolie and Malcolm .
tr	7	" That won 't be necessary Jennie ... . .
tr	8	" Let 's do it a few more times , and then you can head for the lockers . "
tr	9	Epona needed to be brushed is all .
tr	10	" That 's why I 'm focusing on my career . "
tr	9	I know you can 't resist me .
tr	8	Captain Tate presses a few more buttons , wincing in pain .
tr	7	The executioner placed the nooses around their necks , and then he took his place .
tr	6	" Your hair is impossible , " Milne continued , " and those hands .
tr	10	" You are sworn to obey me -- I am a Child of the Empress !
tr	8	A sigh left his lips before he joined me .
tr	9	" A wall to grow plants on ? "
tr	7	" Engineering can be a restrictive discipline , " he said .
tr	10	Competing to secure parental approval was another , and after his fourteenth year Rafe had flatly refused to do so .
tr	8	I 've been talking to her . "
tr	6	It availed his nothing against her brute strength .
tr	11	Ted was not the only one to have underestimated the other 's abilities .
tr	8	Theodosia frowned , and bent her head closer to the paper .
tr	5	" Just so , Bron . "
tr	9	They could not run nor did they want to .
tr	8	Cade fought the sudden urge to turn around .
tr	8	He took the locket and , opening it , looked at the two photos inside .
tr	9	The truth is the he loved you very much . "
tr	8	At times this was difficult as there were several dead ends .
tr	6	' Yes , ' she replied with a nod .
tr	8	" It 's getting harder to picture her face .
tr	10	These wrecks been here as long as I can remember .
tr	11	Do you have anything like that ? "
tr	5	" No , of course not , it 's a surprise . "
tr	6	Something 's going on up front . "
tr	9	I think it leads into the facility . '
tr	7	" You smug , self centred , dishonourable knave ! "
tr	6	For the first time a smile lightened Lord Brogan 's face .
tr	11	If you try to get anyone 's attention I will shoot you .
tr	11	We 'd just have to see how things went .
tr	5	Come on , Claire , it 's a castle !
tr	11	We do what we do to help people .
tr	7	she reminded him " True , but I 'll never convince him .
tr	9	Freya would have the fire built up , and all the candles lit .
tr	6	Human or not , he had good shoulders , a nice ass , and long , strong legs .
tr	9	But no , she was happy at the thought that a psycho will join us .
tr	7	Then he was moving again , and they followed three paces behind .
tr	7	Many of the inhabitants would have been her relatives .
tr	11	I am not proud to say that we ran .
tr	11	The stranger paused a dozen feet from where I stood , swaying slightly .
tr	8	' That 's the name Haus mentioned last night , ' I said dully .
tr	10	But as I walked in , I glimpsed my friend collapsed and panting on the ground .
tr	6	this might be my parents . "
tr	6	Somewhere in these last few crazy months , I realized , Roman and I had become friends again .
tr	7	The games listed here never changed , they were fairly simple in nature and always held the same main character .
tr	11	Others who had been standing beside the questioner moved quickly away .
tr	11	Who knew I would end up somewhere so beautiful .
tr	8	" Well , the idea to stay and chat with a murderer ... " I laughed .
tr	8	I jerked my eyes open as the little cloth dropped .
tr	9	What is certain is that the frontal and parietal lobes of the brain become almost completely atrophied .
tr	9	" You heard him " George said while approaching from the opposite direction .
tr	6	" No time , " he grabbed onto my wrist walking towards the mirror .
tr	10	He watched silently as the great hunter was quickly lost from sight .
tr	8	" And you stay here to protect us . "
tr	5	Father de la Croix , the monster claims death is everlasting . "
tr	6	I wasn 't exactly a lightweight , but I wasn 't The Hulk , either .
tr	10	I pulled a pin on a smoke canister and watched it swan dived down to the group .
tr	8	" Did you get it all straightened out ? "
tr	11	That was all she needed to hear .
tr	8	Hilda felt the wound , then knelt in front of him .
tr	6	Unexpectedly , a terrible shriek emanated from a distance around the corner .
tr	10	Dane bowed his head , " Lord , you know what is going on and why .
tr	11	" If there is anything else you need , just let me know , " Ted said .
tr	10	Still , I felt a sharp sting across my shoulder ; he had managed to cut me .
tr	8	He had just bought a walking stick for dinner .
tr	7	Miriam looked up and blinked sleep out of her eyes .
tr	10	" I understand if you 're afraid of me .
tr	10	When John realised she had gone he called her back .
tr	10	Rafe always said that together they could see the situation clearer , without the prejudices that just one experienced .
tr	6	' Still , not the kind of accomplishment one expects of the Cumberland Belle . '
tr	10	Simon once again felt his feet being swept out from underneath him .
tr	8	" You can go back to your precious Empire , " she spat .
tr	6	and Pierre gasped in shock .
tr	11	" Why don 't you tell your men what 's in that box . "
tr	11	This was not the time to lose all sense of being .
tr	7	The group instantly stopped talking and turned to him .
tr	5	Not their usual chatting or laughing or even eating breakfast .
tr	7	" You 'll be OK , " Rick assured her .
tr	9	The flute vanished on his hand for it was just a mere artifice of the real one .
tr	9	" The shuttles will weigh twenty-one tons fully fueled , but empty of cargo .
tr	6	' They rested here a while , ' he said , ' but even the outward trail is already old .
tr	6	Again , the longer the neck , the better advantage the bull has . "
tr	10	I shrugged it off and went home to gear up for the next day .
tr	10	The two people who you refer to as professionals , are in fact themselves hired investigators .
tr	6	That moment of inattention , however , took all the oomph out of my parquet monster .
tr	7	I reached for the knapsack and the deer took a few startled steps back but didn 't run .
tr	10	Don 't let me hear another harsh word or any food flying , " he said sternly .
tr	7	She smelled like cinnamon and honey , his favorite smells .
tr	9	" We 're here to spend some time with ... " " It 's Miss Hernandez now darling .
tr	9	We left the cafe a quarter of an hour later and drove across town to the Parker Hotel .
tr	5	Sarah shouted : " John , no !
tr	9	Observing her fear seemed to ease my own deeply rooted alarm .
tr	8	Probably within a few miles of here .
tr	6	Abby stuck her tongue out at him .
tr	5	At some point , " Leather and Lace " just became their song .
tr	8	It showed each of the ship 's six main surfaces with color-coded zones indicating individual batteries .
tr	7	He gestured vaguely in my direction .
tr	8	Did you go to sleep at all last night ? "
tr	9	" It 's a figure of speech , child , " Warrior replies with equal annoyance .
tr	9	* * * " You summoned me my Lord ? "
tr	6	With a laugh , she turned her attention to the friend at her side .
tr	10	" Care to tell us about it ? "
tr	5	But then , the prisoner never loves his jailer . "
tr	11	I needed something that could reliably hew through extra thick bone .
tr	11	I 'm always afraid I 'll knock off the handle whenever I have to use one . "
tr	10	" I think Tip 's done eating . "
tr	8	The katana slid along Thorne 's sword and entered his chest in a single blow .
tr	5	" It certainly has , " smiled the vicar , " a marvellous success . "
tr	5	" Do a Filomena ! "
tr	10	Adam looked up to see Abbey standing there .
tr	10	" She has been nothing but a thorn in our sides since we arrived .
tr	7	Noticing Pierre 's defeated look , Timothy asks , " What aren 't you telling me ? "
tr	10	Ted just stared up at the ceiling , letting his arms hang down at his sides .
tr	7	There was silence from the other side .
tr	6	We 're our own worst enemies ... We 're catty , we 're mean , and we 're judgmental .
tr	9	" How much do we know about the security status in Sector XXI ? "
tr	7	But from those eyes , a gaze shot from his youthful face like barbed arrows , transfixing her .
tr	8	You tend to be jittery .
tr	11	The Prince watched him out of his peripheral vision as he was trained to do .
tr	5	Woods Darla Lowry , my golf course manager , was now a board member .
tr	7	Living by their wits has left them hungry , cold , penniless and living in a freezing attic .
tr	10	Though Kevin knew more than the others , he still had no idea what the strange shapes were meant for .
tr	5	My mother , as beautiful and terrifying a woman as ever sailed the stream .
tr	10	' I 'm surprised a patrol car didn 't pull us over . '
tr	11	Terry and David I want to have a private word with you if you don 't mind .
tr	9	" By midnight tonight , you won 't be able to walk . "
tr	8	How did he get it done so fast ?
tr	7	Most people find that they can .
tr	10	It looks as if it was moved there , on purpose . "
tr	7	As Masque hurried out , Destro walked over to his desk and sat .
tr	8	They walked on in silence for a couple of minutes .
tr	8	The previous evening while taking her for a stroll he once again did so and planted a soft kiss on it .
tr	6	I come from a small family just my parents , brother , and me . "
tr	7	The thought made her smile briefly , but the feeling didn 't last long .
tr	9	My anxiety increased as the imposing soldier advanced towards my bench .
tr	7	There was scratching on the door .
tr	7	Joshua came next with Daisy in his arms and a full backpack on his back .
tr	8	Jennie got up and picked up the phone on the side table .
tr	8	asked Simon , looking completely puzzled .
tr	10	The lighting was subdued except for the individual spotlights highlighting certain items on the walls .
tr	7	You must play the main hall as first support to Bananarama this Friday . '
tr	6	She raised her axe and brought it down , smoothly hacking off his front claw .
tr	9	Miriam looked up , and asked , " How about you ?
tr	8	The thought made her feel sick .
tr	8	Gerry called out over the radio despite his ears being in pain .
tr	5	Possibly even more so , because of the limited truth they do not know . "
tr	5	Volcanic activity and countless hot springs maintained an almost tropical climate there .
tr	9	Bruno hesitated before handing me his phone .
tr	8	" What are you doing with my father 's things ? "
tr	10	Of course I 'm not surprised you broke through the memory implant .
tr	11	Do you have an office of your own ? "
tr	6	Making a pot means I get the first cup , the freshest possible coffee .
tr	9	Their " spirit " or " being " is made up of a pattern of the pillars .
tr	6	The past few days , Edna and Pearl , my close call with death , none of it mattered now .
tr	8	He shot a glance at the woman near the door .
tr	6	" Presidential Suite , " the automated voice announced , " restricted area -- top level security personnel only . "
tr	10	" I 've never been convinced she 's just a missionary .
tr	9	" Well , no , but it 's what my brothers would do . "
tr	8	A toddler with thick , sandy curls sits on his mother 's lap , reaching up for her shiny hoop earring .
tr	6	" Only for you , " she whispered , her breath catching , her heart racing , her skin warming .
tr	10	He had not even considered that she had spent winters here .
tr	6	See you soon , Dave Sarah and Lindsay poured over the computer screen in a small , hot camp office .
tr	5	A kid with glowing green eyes , dangerous dreams , this world .
tr	7	He followed her like a shadow around limestone cliffs and past gorges and waterfalls .
tr	6	Suddenly the shelter was illuminated and the soldiers quickly removed their night vision sights .
tr	7	Malcolm 's breath on my neck .
tr	8	On his rubber soles he silently approached the door to the kitchen at the back of the church .
tr	7	Walking over to the sink , he opened his mouth and glanced in the mirror above .
tr	8	Her ears still rang with the noise of the foghorn from Jack 's enthusiastic turn at playing lighthouse keeper earlier .
tr	7	The wood surrounding the lock flew off , the force threw the lock out of my hand into the snow .
tr	10	" Goodnight Scott , " she smiled then disappeared into her bedroom and shut the door .
tr	7	Even First Sergeant King was pleased with the progress .
tr	5	So , it 's obviously not an airplane . "
tr	6	" No thank you , sir , " Kors declined with a small bow .
tr	8	" They all used you , it 's how the game is played . "
tr	10	He wished very much that he could tell her that , but knew he could not .
tr	6	" Is there any possible way we could help them ? "
tr	11	They will make unique homes for many of the residential sea life in the area .
tr	10	It 's what Jake decides to do . "
tr	9	" Why do you need me to protect William ? "
tr	7	The makeshift buildings , resembling square tents , were all made out of thick , metallic cloth .
tr	11	I nodded while under the table I dug my fingernails into the palms of my hands .
tr	6	You have a pink , I see .
tr	10	* * * They journeyed for several turns without incident avoiding the only patrols they had encountered with relative ease .
tr	10	" So your plan to stop being led is actually your exit strategy ? "
tr	8	More men rushed forward and the Falcon yelled , " Get them ! "
tr	7	To his surprise the bear dropped back to all fours and sank to its haunches .
tr	9	The official spent a long time shuffling his papers about and then started talking on his telephone .
tr	8	he finally got a chance to ask .
tr	8	Taylor asked , " Am I missing something here ? "
tr	9	The cake landed in Jolie 's beard and dripped onto the front of his shirt .
tr	11	It was that which had puzzled him , and Rand 's explanation made everything clear .
tr	11	It 's not what you thought it would be .
tr	9	They both were gulping in huge quantities of air .
tr	7	" I 'm a little busy , Momma , " she replies in her mind .
tr	9	He turned away to pace the tent , grumbling inarticulate arguments with himself as he did .
tr	7	As soon as the Mondeo passed I pulled out and resumed position alongside the Luton .
tr	9	He drew back his hand before he could touch her skin .
tr	11	* It was crisp that morning with the type of blue sky that heralds a really cold snap .
tr	5	" Oh yes , Father and I are great friends these days .
tr	11	She shouted something else as they descended the stairs but no-one was paying any attention .
tr	8	The sight of the two still alive spread quickly to the driver of the car .
tr	9	When he was finally satisfied with his examination , he pronounced his verdict .
tr	10	And suddenly it was as if a large hole had appeared in the wood before him .
tr	10	My long legs took the impact in the middle of my shins and I went sprawling .
tr	9	I have to stop shaking .
tr	9	Sarah stood motionless in the doorway and watched him , the gun in her hand but by her side .
tr	7	Her parents would heap praise upon him !
tr	11	I wished a best selling recipe had been included in the package .
tr	7	If he were right , he would not be seen or heard .
tr	6	Shielding my eyes , I took a few steps back and sighed in slowly .
tr	8	Perhaps we 'd even catch Fuchs before he fled .
tr	7	Malcolm leaned back with a cookie , an amused look on his face .
tr	6	What price your freedom should the demon 's savage wound take its toll ? "
tr	11	Natives make it and say it cure whatever ails ye . "
tr	6	" Well , why don 't you come with Marlon and Pandora on the weekends ? "
tr	9	How dare Chris go off without leaving any instructions ?
tr	8	Donovan addressed the man who spoke .
tr	11	Well , that 's all we can do for now . "
tr	8	There were numerous large droppings from cattle or buffalo ; possibly both , Leclerc guessed .
tr	6	Final Notes on Covers I loved the original art for ' The Last Dragon Slayer ' .
tr	6	His eyes are on the dead puppy .
tr	8	We all close our eyes and pretend to sleep .
tr	5	The one with the heaps of gold coins and gems in it . "
tr	8	As time went on , " his voice dropped low and he glanced around , " the vision changed again .
tr	9	" Let 's just say it has questionable legality shall we ?
tr	7	The front door flew open and his mother raced toward him .
tr	8	" I lost five men when they opened up . "
tr	10	" I have to go to the bathroom , " said David casually .
tr	6	Possibly being killed moved a big ole cloud right over us .
tr	7	The mauve sky glistened off the water 's shaky surface giving the lake a purple hue .
tr	6	hand shaking ... ... back slapping ... ... .
tr	10	' Hang in there , ' she said shakily , glancing at the monitors above me .
tr	6	At a certain spot two high rocky peaks guarded the entrance to that passage .
tr	5	Only my own strength and resourcefulness did . "
tr	8	Rick smiled , waving the blade at her .
tr	10	I 'd follow through with the Extravaganza and do a little investigating at the same time .
tr	6	" You ... don 't ... have ... the ... balls ... " Adam croaked .
tr	10	Cut that string a bit longer , Nelly ; it 'll never fit twice around those pudding basins like that . "
tr	6	" That 's all very well and good but we still need a destination . "
tr	7	Until this moment , Finn had not mentioned it again .
tr	9	She wondered is Zeus approaching ?
tr	8	But the Lodge that he has built needs your help . "
tr	6	The guards complied , and Brazen never saw Noni again .
tr	7	We 'd chat and joke about Spy Games .
tr	10	It was all we could ask for .
tr	8	I 've got ta get my gun out of the truck . "
tr	6	" But I 'm a sorry selfish , insecure idiot with a little girl outside in the cold . "
tr	9	The crew jumped as the voice blasted out of the speakers .
tr	6	" I know it , " he replied sullenly .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure why , " Miriam said .
tr	5	" About nine p.m. " " Was the maid still there ? "
tr	10	The sun was now up above the wall on the opposite side of the roof .
tr	9	The Commander stood up and looked more closely at the photos on the wall .
tr	10	I want to go with them back to the States . "
tr	7	I nearly didn 't make it out ; some hotshot captain had set an ambush .
tr	10	Ted opened his eyes and blinked in the morning sun shining off the front of the garage .
tr	10	He felt the tension drain from his body , tension that he hadn 't even noticed until this moment .
tr	8	" About why you are here " said the Matriarch to my left .
tr	6	The monks ignored it and continued their silent procession .
tr	11	And you think I wanted to be here ?
tr	6	" I don 't know , " said the genius , the mighty powerful swamp witch .
tr	7	" May the Truth stay beside you and Peace watch your door . "
tr	6	Besides , the more the merrier , I always say , ' he added with a shrug .
tr	10	Her mother rescued her by blaming the misunderstanding on something she had heard about how old the lodge was .
tr	10	In fact the only thing electrical at all that Andy recognised was an ancient radio in the corner .
tr	7	" Your Otto Fuchs is the brother of one Aloysius Fuchs . "
tr	9	Did you have plans ? "
tr	8	But he was always making jokes , or pulling pranks on my mother .
tr	6	On Vale 's fifteenth birthday , David Stapleton died in a drunk driving incident .
tr	8	" Don 't worry Trin , I remembered breakfast , " Camden explained with a chuckle .
tr	5	For a moment , my mind went completely , utterly , horribly blank .
tr	10	Maybe he would reach the camp before they caught up with him .
tr	7	I know a little bit about obsessive parents . "
tr	10	" We think she 's in Kyiv , but aren 't sure . "
tr	6	" You don 't understand , " he said smiling .
tr	10	The suit gave him one pint of water to bathe in , and one pint to rinse .
tr	11	The dragons all died from being exposed to so much toxic power for so long . "
tr	8	A guard sauntered across the room , close enough to listen .
tr	8	It was his responsibility , and he couldn 't run from that .
tr	8	' You have to stop them !
tr	8	It towered above them and at the top was a spacious den of wattle and daub .
tr	5	Summertime , hot soups and stews , piping hot cider .
tr	5	Then came a grand , stately , reclining lion , its entire mane gold .
tr	5	But the girl 's was just one life .
tr	11	What I do believe is that you can help us clear up this mess .
tr	11	There was no other way than to hand prop the motor at this time .
tr	7	Now that the reverse is true , he will set things straight . "
tr	6	Besides , according to Sara , the housekeeper , Evelyn 's cat isn 't a nice cat .
tr	10	But it had tested their endurance and their faith in the Hand of Providence and in each other .
tr	9	His father was not one to mince words .
tr	9	Brand raced back to the Golden House as fast as his legs could carry him .
tr	7	" Well , it wouldn 't be good , " he said .
tr	11	I am going to have one heck of headache later .
tr	8	The walls glinted with gild , and the polished wood floor squeaked as we moved .
tr	8	A surprised murmur ran through the small group of officers as they absorbed the generational connection .
tr	10	Now she was going to live among them , in a cold and uninhabitable place .
tr	7	" You didn 't hear me , did you ?
tr	10	Who could want to kill you ?
tr	5	" Come on , it 's no much farther . "
tr	9	Though clear , with thousands of stars shining brilliantly , the moon was hardly a sliver in the night sky .
tr	7	" There 's nothing wrong with the camera angles .
tr	10	Two men stood with buckets filled with sea water and splashed it over the wooden deck .
tr	9	Steve , standing at the opposite side of the street , immediately identified Simon .
tr	7	I never should 've tied him up .
tr	10	Adele looked up sharply , but Rafe 's eyes were concentrated on freeing the knot .
tr	10	We all took turns carrying the eggs .
tr	8	However , as years passed and criminals became more educated , Shadow became a legend .
tr	9	It would be a long and sleepless night , and that , if all went well .
tr	7	Victor returned to the kitchen moments later , a thoughtful look on his face .
tr	10	With Pisces replenished , we were ready to work our way down the chain .
tr	8	And for being so beautiful . '
tr	11	My skin felt dry like it was going to melt .
tr	9	I do not know how bad it is yet . "
tr	5	The normal dreaming world , her waking world and this one .
tr	6	" Field Ops was on another operation far away from that area . "
tr	8	The horses came to a halt with the rear of the ambulance just past the operating wagon .
tr	9	Stone expanded up , like a sponge in the man 's head and chest wounds .
tr	6	" My warrior husband is gentle and patient , " she whispered to the night sky .
tr	11	Do you think I should ? "
tr	8	Sarah looked at him with fear growing in her eyes .
tr	8	While Brendan assembled a mealy sandwich to share with him , David couldn 't help but watch him in wonder .
tr	5	Her three children followed , all but the oldest mumbling hello and goodbye .
tr	8	The lieutenant seemed totally calm and composed , the distinct opposite of his earlier behavior .
tr	7	With my left hand I lifted my pistol and aimed , deliberately pulling the trigger .
tr	9	Several men stood around him as smacks on her bare bottom resounded through the silence .
tr	11	" What do you think you will find out about the blood trail ? "
tr	6	" Well of all the -- " she stared at him for a moment .
tr	6	" What about Robbie McElroy ?
tr	8	" General Sampson , I will take this proposal to the council and President Philips . "
tr	9	And then she noticed in the bottom of the glasses case another small note .
tr	6	His arm hung useless at his side .
tr	7	" Yes , " the girl responded , deep in musings .
tr	7	Lucifer pointed his bow at Scarborough , and she once again commenced dancing !
tr	8	I 'll never stop loving you .
tr	9	There was a lot of shooting and many men died , his father was fortunate to have survived .
tr	11	The glowing white atmosphere fades slowly as Link 's fuzzy vision takes a moment to adjust .
tr	9	The Prince felt confusion and panic fighting inside him - why had they taken Leah ?
tr	9	From this point they could still see the village , but not as much of the river trail .
tr	10	She nearly dropped the phone as she picked it off the table and unlocked it .
tr	10	That was what I wanted to know .
tr	9	Marja will be going with you , to help . "
tr	10	You can 't make this go away with a joke and a laugh . "
tr	11	He had to pack parachutes for each of them .
tr	5	' Go , go , go , ' Terry and John simultaneously commanded .
tr	8	" I 'll get back home and get your uncle and a few others . "
tr	10	Momentarily , a shopping basket with an assortment of drinks in it appeared out of the gloom .
tr	8	We 've been seeing each other for a long time now .
tr	9	We tried to stop them , but they wouldn 't listen to us . "
tr	10	I hope you got pretty far from that before it blew . "
tr	10	" There 's no way to get out of here . "
tr	6	" It 's dusty back here . "
tr	8	He tucks it in his pocket before continuing on .
tr	11	There was no way we was ever comin ' back from that .
tr	6	With his concentration broken , the doorway slammed shut and the girl slipped his grasp .
tr	9	Not of the wind but a stirring of souls .
tr	9	On the altar at the far end of the room the skull and pebbles had been replaced .
tr	7	The Seraph strolled right up to Brian and kicked away his staff as Brian quivered on the ground .
tr	6	Barton said , " Maybe , but right now it doesn 't matter .
tr	9	" Yeah , I was wondering ; how 'd she miss you ? "
tr	7	" Are you ok ? "
tr	6	" How 's that trap coming , son ? "
tr	10	" And here 's the staff to help you with your spy mission today .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , " Nelly said .
tr	8	Ben Finnegan , has lived next to the sea his whole life .
tr	9	By the time he reached Miri 's tidy storefront it was past midday .
tr	8	" You want me to move the truck ? "
tr	6	" That 's good , " Randy , reasoned , " No change is better than getting worse . "
tr	7	" Let 's get out of here quick , I will explain everything on the way . "
tr	7	' Meet outside , then affirm inside ; strengthening the connection with the audience . '
tr	8	A truck load of Chinese cigarettes , at least fifty thousand cartons worth .
tr	9	" And just how do you expect to do that ? "
tr	9	" It is if there 's nothing here , " Siobhan said .
tr	8	" Hey , you want to test that one out ? "
tr	8	The cloud went out on to the balcony and stood like a column swaying from side to side .
tr	11	Mariposa the traveler began to explore further along the path ahead of them .
tr	6	The flickers in the overhead lighting were getting longer and longer .
tr	5	After a moment , she felt rather uncomfortable .
tr	11	" Well , aren 't you going to bend over and tie them ? "
tr	10	He jumps the last four steps , landing at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	8	Eight silhouettes departed the two inflatables , then dragged them onto the beach .
tr	9	' Only if you want them to .
tr	7	Ted screwed up his courage and let out his loudest " Ahem ! "
tr	7	" Yes , and you do such a great job , " Master Kitsune replied , offering a small smile .
tr	9	There was a pair of red leather slippers on the floor .
tr	7	" You , " Tim said turning completely serious .
tr	7	" Is that you AJ ?
tr	10	Little Mink had found the trail of the object of his pursuit .
tr	7	Gabe doesn 't understand about the hunger .
tr	11	" Well -- you have to obey what she says , don 't you ?
tr	6	First , encompassing the Western Hemisphere , then North America , then the western half of the United States .
tr	8	In the long pause that follows , Gabe 's energy shivers with wan yellows .
tr	10	he asked watching Katherine tread water dress billowing .
tr	6	" They slay each other , but no woman ever killed a dragon !
tr	9	The JP is just something we made up . "
tr	9	His mind wandered to Jen far away in Herefordshire .
tr	10	I 'm sure she 's out there .
tr	6	" I don 't know , he was pretty secretive at the time . "
tr	10	Eda drifted over to where Adele was sitting and slipped her hand into her friend 's , squeezing it slightly .
tr	8	While that was setting , he showed her the lightly oiled sawdust at the bottom of his otter hide quiver .
tr	10	" I am sorry you feel that way , " Aria states , sighing with disappointment .
tr	8	His teeth were sunk into his lower lip and a trickle of blood began as the punishment continued .
tr	9	" Uh , Doc , I think I 'm losing your signal .
tr	11	She had to admit Mark was attractive .
tr	6	He crossed the room quickly , knocked , and opened the door .
tr	9	Two steps to the door and ... " What do we have here ? "
tr	10	Until now he saw her stressed and in motion .
tr	11	I heard him say as he opened the door .
tr	11	" Let them know you 're here .
tr	7	The sun gilded Aimee 's blonde frizzy hair and speckled her blue eyes .
tr	5	For perhaps the first time , Teagan let out a long , strangled cry .
tr	9	There appeared to be nothing there , only landscape folding out underneath them .
tr	9	Just then , however , Jacob rushed from the chapel , his pistols splitting the night air .
tr	7	She 's still in Bandar he thinks .
tr	11	That 's what 's in it for me . "
tr	9	" I saw smoke to the south -- a village or a farmhouse , most likely .
tr	8	The sun was climbing higher and it was now time to leave .
tr	7	The knee-high grass could hide much , though , and right now they hid giant shields several inches thick .
tr	6	" Are you okay , my Rosa ? "
tr	7	Thanks to her , the family observed all the Christian holidays and traditions .
tr	10	Beau , I 'm not given to taking on strays because I like them .
tr	8	A light wind blew from down the street and shook my skirt .
tr	9	Firstly , I want to thank you for your help .
tr	8	William would like you to try .
tr	6	Maybe her father was the town leader and she enjoyed special schooling .
tr	7	We hadn 't lived together as man and wife for a long time .
tr	10	All the wounds that should have been bleeding were closing up , turning gray .
tr	11	It sounds like that 's been a huge hole for her . "
tr	8	" Pleased to meet you , young man , " Mac said .
tr	7	But at the age of twenty , the lure of her Indian heritage drew her back to the western plains .
tr	8	He smiled to me , putting his arm around my shoulders .
tr	10	With the warming of the airs and the high sun they should start to dry within a turn . "
tr	9	The flood of survivors eventually slowed to a trickle and then stopped as the woods became silent .
tr	5	With ' Faith Practice and Study , ' there is no limit .
tr	8	Rafe saw the flicker of surprise in her eyes and mistook it for fear .
tr	11	We need to just go about our business as if nothing has happened . "
tr	6	I 'm choosing my own vibes ! " '
tr	9	" I should 've done a more thorough check on their identities " George said .
tr	7	Some of his fingers were badly distorted and the grip in his left hand was very weak .
tr	5	" Some good news , I think , " Claudia went on .
tr	6	All things , mutually supportive and related , form a living cosmos , a single living whole .
tr	6	Besides , we can dig them out later . '
tr	7	The revolver clattered to the stones and I kicked it under a table .
tr	7	We would walk right into them .
tr	8	The sand hasn 't had time to settle .
tr	7	It was not really a question but a statement .
tr	8	It actually makes better axes then swords - you saw Lorna 's ?
tr	10	More normal than the previous evening , more normal than the day of his conscription .
tr	8	Although one day he will need to know the whole story ! "
tr	7	Never taking her sparkling gaze from Cade , the caster waved a hand .
tr	9	Warrior demands with annoyance , demonstrating the amazing emotional simulation of the Warrior AI .
tr	7	I repeat , put your arms behind your head and get down on your knees ! '
tr	10	Bryant was an old retired widower who lived near Camp Beaver .
tr	8	They had no neighbors behind them just some woods bordering a neighboring farm .
tr	11	Each time they met afterwards they 'd laugh and do a quick waggle of their hips in greeting .
tr	10	Even Einstein knew that couldn 't be proven , but he believed in it anyway .
tr	8	Fortunately , Cyprus loomed out of the ocean ahead of them .
tr	5	Around him , royalty and aristocracy , cardinals and bishops applauded him .
tr	9	Moments later , I glanced to the right ; we had just gone past a secured evidence room and the armoury .
tr	6	My backpack weighed a ton and dripped water with every step .
tr	9	In the nose of each of these bulges was a dark mass .
tr	10	" Are they trying to kill us ? "
tr	8	" Yep , tossed them in the lake like you said " replied Phillip .
tr	6	She ran her hands over his stone body .
tr	8	" Will they let us through ? "
tr	9	the girl chides angrily , her eyes filled with fury , her words bouncing around inside Jason 's head .
tr	6	he asked with a wry smile .
tr	7	He did not even look at her .
tr	10	She did want to play .
tr	8	But you should not have placed yourselves at such risk .
tr	10	" You 've got to be kidding me !
tr	5	" No , not exactly my young friend , there are certain rules .
tr	10	------- The trap had been set , Rafe could only hope that their wait would not be long .
tr	10	She kicked again to move herself up closer to the pillows .
tr	9	For Ryan this was not enough to build a deep space unit .
tr	7	" Then you are in luck , " replied the voice , dropping the formality .
tr	7	Still , although I felt physically drained , sleep proved elusive .
tr	10	" She doesn 't need to know the details , " Gabe says roughly .
tr	10	" I 'm going to give you a time-out ... WITH MY FIST ! "
tr	5	" I made a rabbit trap . "
tr	9	The Link between them flickered and faded as he swam feverishly forward .
tr	9	Young gentlemen , if you will follow me . "
tr	8	That 's what they all say , " a soldier spat in his face .
tr	11	If the Devils attack , we 'll wait till it 's over , then get away .
tr	9	There was nothing Mac could do .
tr	8	My hand was shaking and eventually he looked into my eyes , grabbing a chair .
tr	8	" Because then families would be challenging other families all the time and business would suffer . "
tr	9	It 's a fast paced novel that any age with imagination could enjoy .
tr	6	" Not as well as he could , and not for much longer , " Julian said flatly .
tr	6	I yanked the artist smock over my head .
tr	8	Surely nothing would happen here in Mr. Clancy 's home .
tr	9	" No , " she responded , " I have no need for thing like magic . "
tr	8	He sat her back down , grabbed the bowl of water and splashed it in her face .
tr	5	They quickly resumed their pursuit .
tr	9	The jacket was made of the same material with a high collar .
tr	10	They would fall backward on their backs , and unconsciousness would take them into a land of dreams .
tr	5	" No excuse , now or ever , " my voice was rising .
tr	8	" Just look at me , " she continues , breathing onto his lips .
tr	6	Only one person on this planet could help me .
tr	11	It began giggling or what sounded like giggling .
tr	8	As well as scientists there were also military personnel placed around the room .
tr	10	" Was capable of challenging any Werewolf anytime , anywhere and winning easily . "
tr	8	" Bastard , " she growls , angrily throwing her weapon to the ground .
tr	9	So why did her heart flood with something like relief at his plan ?
tr	8	He wanted to comfort her .
tr	10	Then he remembered he could display the house 's layout on his Imp .
tr	7	On executing a perfect landing she taxied back in , clambered out and went up to an open mouthed Topsy .
tr	5	You people , probably have mysterious secrets , as well .
tr	9	I may not have been overly fond of the girl , but I took no pleasure in seeing her this way .
tr	10	He missed his parents ; it was now sixteen years since he had last seen them .
tr	8	It takes concentration , practice , and knowledge , but that will come with time .
tr	9	We outwitted the rejects we called rivals .
tr	8	Anything you want to talk about ? "
tr	7	Nathan lay down , closed his eyes , and soaked up the music and the peace .
tr	9	With the battle not yet complete , they both knew that tomorrow would bring further death and pain .
tr	11	" I don 't think this was a very good idea , Tommy .
tr	10	He jumped and released the ball that fell right in the hoop .
tr	8	" And she is stealing cakes for an entry . "
tr	6	The question was simple , calm .
tr	9	" Look what she 's got here . "
tr	10	" Of course , " she nods , managing not to sound excessively cocky or disrespectful .
tr	9	She smiled , a rather inviting smile to Rafe 's way of thinking , and leaned fractionally closer to him .
tr	6	But her eyes were sorrowful and belied her words .
tr	6	I stepped forwards and walked across the yard past the old Mini .
tr	9	' Unless our client has some seriously fearful enemies , I presume those were Hunters again ? '
tr	7	A moment later the turret turned their direction with an electric pneumatic whine before it stopped .
tr	7	" Yeah , this is a little too easy for my taste , " Mai agrees as the boy cautiously approaches .
tr	10	I don 't know why everyone doesn 't do the same .
tr	6	And just as she did , something incredibly hot and fast rushed over her .
tr	7	Trae looked into his sister 's eyes .
tr	9	He caught sight of her eyes and saw that they were sympathetic and apologetic .
tr	8	he said sharply , glancing at us .
tr	5	" Ah , shit , " Julian Garrett said , weary and resigned .
tr	8	Eva hovered over Jacob 's form for a moment before wheeling to face us .
tr	11	Terry I want you to keep an eye out now until Jimmy shows up .
tr	7	The Hellions are ... " " Okay , okay , I get it ; the Hellions are bad people . "
tr	10	" Come child , I want to show you something important .
tr	8	Drew started to explain but Dane waved him off , " Did you get the information ? "
tr	10	' She knows you 're with us lot . '
tr	11	" I thought I heard someone mention my name ! "
tr	7	Inferno saw the spinning axe and instinctively raised his right arm as a shield .
tr	10	" How you gon na do that , Hawk ?
tr	11	Click , click , click , the torque wrench sounded to signal its approval for the correct tension of the bolts .
tr	11	That was when I saw the bandages encircling my chest and flanks .
tr	7	" Are we negotiating here ?
tr	9	Mia didn 't know what to answer .
tr	6	By the time the helicopter arrived , the boy was no longer screaming and his bones were perfectly fine .
tr	11	Beyond them he could see the battle continue among the reeds in the water .
tr	9	Why he hadn 't called her from Peru , he wasn 't sure .
tr	9	I imagine they simply provided the lodging , " said Logan .
tr	8	Grandfather took me into hiding that very evening . '
tr	9	But right now , he had no way to prove it .
tr	6	Her laughter , her body , and her lips appeared before him as clear as the day .
tr	5	Her now unzipped jacket exposed her Little Spirit T-shirt .
tr	8	Lance , his chest heaving , his body shaking and quivering in pain , rolls onto his back .
tr	8	After my humiliating fall from the rafters , I shoved that baby right back into place before leaving the warehouse .
tr	8	Ezra had chased the dog around town and was now running through the market .
tr	11	We 're headed down to join the army in Gonzales . "
tr	5	The IG is faster and better then the Trig machine . "
tr	6	They both came down with the fever .
tr	6	She typed a few other phrases but they were equally generic and useless .
tr	11	" You said you came here to pay us back ? "
tr	10	This was my second encounter with the military in less than a day , and that made me nervous .
tr	7	Beside him , his head buried in a scratch ticket , was his faithful crewman Perry Winslow .
tr	9	" I never thought you would need it .
tr	5	" Without a single leader we are indecisive and endangered . "
tr	10	What 's going to go smoothly ?
tr	5	" In a moment , Eda . "
tr	10	Physical actions and voices were essentially normal as bodies adjusted to movement .
tr	5	Sam 's tone was light but slightly guarded .
tr	9	" My boy , the wreck we 've found may very well be historic .
tr	9	" Amor , " Pablo began , in a deep , only slightly unsteady voice directed at his wife .
tr	10	Let them run to ruin . "
tr	6	" And those happen daily , " I continue , " so the cells are very clean . "
tr	9	The logs in the fireplace crackled and hissed loudly in the shocked silence that followed .
tr	8	Angela and Thomas clung to the centre beam praying they don 't fall into the swirling mess below .
tr	8	Or you could go via Carlisle , it 's not that far out of your way .
tr	11	If they are as good as is said , they don 't need to mind Landon .
tr	8	There 's nothing to reconstruct . "
tr	6	Amid the shattering glass and splintering wood , a dark form crashed to the floor .
tr	7	But right now that 's the furthest thing from my mind .
tr	11	William met her eyes as she suppressed a smirk , apparently entertained by the sight .
tr	8	Her scarlet blush of mortification brought the feeling back to the tip of her nose .
tr	11	And ... said that they were lucky , " said Ben improvising on the spot .
tr	10	He hit and rolled and sprang to his feet , the sword of the Rim Kingdom unsheathed for battle .
tr	8	The hallway snaked after a bit , leading us along a winding path through the monastery .
tr	6	The glowing arc was my feelers , my tentacles , my supernatural eyes and ears and hands and feet .
tr	7	" ... reporting indicates multiple nuclear missile strikes at all the major American cities .
tr	6	Canton looks down at her with a warm smile .
tr	8	Kendall didn 't care how big the stranger was .
tr	7	" I do not know ... I did not plan that far ! "
tr	6	And you , little Neela -- I never see you anymore .
tr	7	It was a volume of Arabic tales .
tr	7	Chase cast a glance on her in silence and the three disappeared in an instance .
tr	11	Gordon was in surgery to have the splinter removed from his intestines .
tr	9	" That is the first good question that you have asked this morning .
tr	9	He was going to get help .
tr	11	I heard Scott say ' no ' , as clearly as you hear me now .
tr	9	The Exiles began to pull ahead of him .
tr	8	The first fakes a punch , but Mai expected as much , giving the boy no instruction just yet .
tr	9	Take the other rocker , and tell me how you lost your legs .
tr	11	Chapter 39 His life seemed to have become colored in various shades of green .
tr	7	Sing with rapture and dance like a dervish , would you ? "
tr	7	' What happened to Olsson ? '
tr	10	He needed his friends to come help him , but knew it might be too late .
tr	5	" A big hole , a big deep hole , " Martina said .
tr	7	The pumice eats away at my skin , but I don 't mind .
tr	6	The reporter identifies Gale , Finnick , Boggs , Peeta , Cressida , and me by name .
tr	9	There wasn 't time for regrets or a change of plan as he sailed through the air .
tr	9	' It 's the eyes , isn 't it ? '
tr	9	Before melancholy could wrap its coils about me further , we turned a corner .
tr	7	She left the barn and ran to the paddock .
tr	6	Again , according to the CDC statistics , there were more than 500,000 AIDS cases through the year 1997 .
tr	8	The walls were thin and drafty , but coming across this shack was fortunate .
tr	10	Missy glanced over at Lonnie and Ricky and saw that one was nudging the other .
tr	9	We 're going to miss the bloody bus . "
tr	10	Bethan grinned , then bent to help the guide attach crampons to her boots .
tr	11	Others stood their ground and raised their cellphone cameras to record what was obviously a looming disaster .
tr	7	On the count of three , one Cloaking Device was turned off and one was turned on .
tr	7	Just a quick stop before he headed back to Santa Cruz and his uncle on the bus .
tr	9	" Does that wolf go everywhere with you ? "
tr	10	But so was I , the gash from the rusted pipe still throbbing in the cold .
tr	6	As it blew the van pulled up in front .
tr	5	' Still me , I think , ' she mumbled . '
tr	7	Usually his large size would intimidate his victims , but if not his crushing blows would swiftly win any fistfight .
tr	9	" Oh , I 'm sorry ape man , was one of your boyfriends in here ?
tr	11	She looked up again from her book , unable to concentrate on the words .
tr	11	We need to act now , while we 're already here . "
tr	9	There was no way to stop it .
tr	6	' I 'm sorry , ' she murmured after a pause .
tr	8	There were no scars from her most recent wounds , and the old ones had faded .
tr	6	Maybe you can tie me up , too .
tr	9	I would love to see them .
tr	6	The cab driver keeps the twenty and nods , " Okay ... good luck . "
tr	6	It wasn 't necessarily violent , yet intensity and physicality played a big part in it .
tr	10	said a colleague who stood beside me .
tr	7	I never bothered to care .
tr	8	The agents began to fire their weapons .
tr	7	On the third stop of the green line , Gennady and Lyudmila finally exited their car .
tr	5	* * * Ricky checked all the Big Buy New York locations online .
tr	9	Her desire to know more brought her another question , " What happened then ? "
tr	7	I dragged my gaze from the imposing sky rise and looked at the clock on the console .
tr	8	Ezra just stared him down without saying a word .
tr	7	This war isn 't over yet , no , sir , not by a long shot .
tr	9	He was stunned , lost , flying to pieces inside .
tr	9	" It 's vintage , one of a kind , " he said .
tr	9	" I 'm Mr. Jason Singer and I going to be your History teacher .
tr	5	The laundry hampers , machines and office are all still here .
tr	10	The happiest of these men stood erect at the bow of Len Doyle 's skiff .
tr	9	It 's for miracles , for loved ones raised from the dead .
tr	9	And you telling them that it was very cold up there ... bull crap .
tr	6	' Put me down , ' she commanded in a firm tone .
tr	6	She poured the treasured objects out onto the carpet .
tr	7	It 's your birthday next week , and best mates have certain responsibilities , et cetera . "
tr	10	My face turned from hopeful to hopeless and my body felt the need to throw up .
tr	10	Andy looked around , amazed at the view surrounding him .
tr	11	Hey , ' Katherine said as if she 'd just been struck by an idea .
tr	7	The dark-haired boy is looking down at his sandals .
tr	7	Before Josie could respond , Mark stepped out of the dressing room .
tr	9	It didn 't smooth away the lines on her uncle 's forehead .
tr	9	Along the waterfront , the Confederate soldiers that were unloading supplies met with the same fate as their drilling comrades .
tr	10	There was a tightness in the tendons of her neck , and her nostrils flared at each breath .
tr	6	His burns from the asphalt debris were now gone as well .
tr	10	The man smiled , showing a lot of long teeth , and turned back to Miriam .
tr	6	Just get yourself a Life Alert system and you 're golden . "
tr	9	Sarah stood up from the porch step where she had been sitting .
tr	11	Taylor allowed the plane to leave the ground and kept it floating in ground effect while it rapidly gained speed .
tr	7	" Get Trinity to Percival Cam , " he bellowed his voice far more effective than any horn .
tr	10	Danny 's hands grabbed her shoulders forcing her to face him .
tr	10	That 's what it looks like to her .
tr	7	Rand seated himself comfortably before answering .
tr	7	" That would be us , Major , " Simpson answered dryly .
tr	9	She blushed , " I need a man 's suit , monsieur . "
tr	9	I can be a pain in the ass sometimes . "
tr	11	A huge uproar ensued , with nearly every crew member vying to be selected .
tr	10	I don 't know how long it will take but it will stop . '
tr	9	Mason placed the phone close to his left shoulder for a moment until he felt a subtle vibration through his fingertips .
tr	11	Surrender or we will be forced to harm you ! "
tr	8	Chapter XX Again , the scent of pines rushed at me as I entered the home .
tr	10	" She has some skill from working for her dad .
tr	8	I thought you were dead .
tr	9	" We don 't have enough smart and capable military men to protect our borders .
tr	5	Very good , Mom ... The next few messages grew increasingly more distraught .
tr	6	Like wraiths , the other four members of the squad emerged from hiding .
tr	9	Adele disconcerted him by remaining silent for some time .
tr	7	He 's only ten years old . "
tr	11	" Hectic " wasn 't the right word for it , for the people there were not rushing to and fro .
tr	5	Some soda , chips , a knife , spoon and a fork .
tr	10	He wouldn 't surrender that 's for sure .
tr	8	was being broadcast in Dutch .
tr	9	Still , I hope it doesn 't happen again .
tr	7	And in the cavity of his head .
tr	9	You have to open yourself , to get if off from your chest .
tr	8	Golden Leaf was a retirement complex built in the early 1970s .
tr	9	That is all I could see .
tr	10	" Jones is the name , flying is my game ! "
tr	8	Plus , a royal carriage is easy to track .
tr	7	He currently resides in Omaha , Nebraska , with his wife and two children .
tr	10	" I bet they 're worried sick . "
tr	11	He was worried about Andy and didn 't need to deal with this as well .
tr	8	At the café , Malcolm and I hovered at the edge of the outdoor patio .
tr	6	He stopped , then more softly , he added , " And I had the nightmares .
tr	10	Zoe seemed to force herself to swallow .
tr	10	He paused for only a second , and then realized there was no reason not to .
tr	10	I called him like Laura said .
tr	10	If everyone worked hard , it would be no time before the work was done .
tr	6	She could read and write English , Malay and Dutch .
tr	8	" The one which , I have no doubt , you have prepared a monologue for . "
tr	9	" I don 't show myself ... so , how do I. . ? "
tr	11	" What are you going to wear to the festival , my sweet ? "
tr	10	" And should that world be teetering on the precipice of destruction ? "
tr	6	The Pastor and Maggie hovered over the fragile skeleton in the small space .
tr	6	The Inspector and I are really good friends and nothing else .
tr	8	she finally asked , slowly working her way over onto her back .
tr	5	Instead of a club , the caddy held a small camera .
tr	7	A sharp rock the size of her thumbnail was pushing against his frog .
tr	10	No one else was here besides Gabriel , and that fact was beginning to make Gabriel sweat .
tr	11	It MUST be more than enough to purchase an entry ticket to Birds Heaven !
tr	11	' Thank you Alan that will be nice . '
tr	10	" Well , that 's the only place a smooth lava stone like that can come from .
tr	7	Its ornate foreground pattern of twining vines and brilliant birds mirrored the complexity of her thoughts .
tr	9	He stood up from his chair and dropped down on his knee in front of her .
tr	7	Logan was half carrying the poor girl to the shoreline .
tr	7	Magic flowed around her like a waiting song , its words somehow out of rhythm now .
tr	10	" Can you show me where I can load my stuff into this thing ? "
tr	10	He knew he was acting childlike but he could not help himself .
tr	8	A face appeared through the window of the transport chamber .
tr	10	She dropped her fork , which clattered on the table .
tr	10	She was trying to be quiet , but cooking with heavy metal pans over the fire simply wasn 't quiet .
tr	5	" In this instance , " the majestic creature told him .
tr	6	" He gave it to you ? "
tr	9	They were just going to kill her ?
tr	7	† † † The next morning at six , the sailor was flogged .
tr	11	His eyes widened slightly when I turned on the lights in the basement moments later .
tr	5	" Does he have a pulse ? "
tr	10	' I don 't want to hurt you , " he said .
tr	6	She became a paraplegic , but her legs were not amputated .
tr	5	A spark of divine nature within this shell of flesh . "
tr	6	The redness in his eyes , the murderous rage , the inhuman strength , they were all gone .
tr	10	Ted turned , scanning the other shelves for anything he might have missed .
tr	9	' Though I 'm sure there 'll be plenty more where they came from . '
tr	11	That is all there really is to decide . '
tr	9	" This is from a single farm in Costa Rica , " he explained .
tr	11	I think I 've mentioned that before .
tr	8	" He ruled he was wrong .
tr	7	Christy and Jessica galloped straight to the van , forgetting their shoes .
tr	5	' Well , what about this son he 's always talking about ? '
tr	9	" This is a part of the lore of the crystal .
tr	7	At first , I stood in the doorway and observed .
tr	8	The cob whined in a low , weak sound , breathing its last and then passed .
tr	5	A short time later , the five science fair judges approach his table .
tr	9	The hunger whispers in my mind , separating the chords of reason away from my hot , growing appetite .
tr	9	The thought of jumping out at his sister Kari brought a smile to his lips .
tr	6	" No , thanks , " James said , " I like my role in all this just fine . "
tr	5	" Yes , but , Amy , what the hell is this ? "
tr	6	Bud was her pet , Elizabeth her child , Jim her problem child , Teresa her friend .
tr	9	I 'm going to time it .
tr	5	I knew your dad pretty well .
tr	9	The idea that anything could shake their marriage gave her the shivers .
tr	9	Davidoff 's tone clearly indicated that sympathy was not being offered .
tr	10	Mike wouldn 't get involved in something like that ! "
tr	8	She screams , visibly shaking the originally calm woman .
tr	8	Beneath us , I could feel all the power of those waves .
tr	8	She was next to her aunt Misty , today dressed in a blue print dress and matching hat .
tr	11	I just have to wait until he comes back . "
tr	11	It was going to be a long day of hard work .
tr	7	Have you forgotten her ? "
tr	11	Strange that even though sixteen years had passed since that day , he would have known him anywhere .
tr	11	They appeared to be polished as smooth as glass , but were actually coarse as the rocks outside .
tr	9	What was it Neela had said ?
tr	9	He laughed as the baby goat jumped around him .
tr	6	" I can 't believe you ! "
tr	6	" What is it , Finn ?
tr	11	Maybe that 's why there were so few young people on the Rump , Chris thought .
tr	7	He gave the cashier a twenty , got his change , and headed back to the car .
tr	7	They saw nothing but could feel a presence .
tr	11	Her tantrum continues as she violently bashes her horns against the grey metal bulkheads while screaming furiously .
tr	8	A male council member leaned forward on his seat , staring at me through narrow eyes .
tr	6	The smaller frigate usually accompanied the merchant ship as extra security .
tr	8	Before an hour had passed , the ceremony was over and she was walking toward the training yard .
tr	7	Maybe a ball or two will lighten our mood , " I said .
tr	7	Their agent was hunting and pecking on a shiny new computer terminal .
tr	8	Her struggling increased as I moved closer .
tr	5	" Not out loud , dear , " Ara 's voice scolded .
tr	7	There , in the middle of the drop , was the symbol of the Book again .
tr	11	He says we have to wear blindfolds .
tr	9	The Tunisian desert was barren and desolate with virtually no vegetation growing anywhere except near water .
tr	9	You could show me and Jeff around one of the places you like to go to . "
tr	7	Not only is this the beer section , this is backup for our daily bread .
tr	5	Can I take some pictures outside , first ? "
tr	8	He deserved the bullets he got .
tr	6	Apart from the missing scarf , the unlocked back door , and the returned keys , she found nothing .
tr	6	Mark shifted his gaze back to Jimmy then Josie .
tr	7	" And why didn 't you say that to me back then ? "
tr	9	" What do we have here , " Tori said to herself .
tr	8	He had one of the puppies with him but couldn 't find the other .
tr	8	After all , his name was " The Adventurous " , and in John 's mind it should have meant something .
tr	8	' We 've identified three other access points into the facility ; here , here and here .
tr	11	She didn 't just come to fight in the mornings ; she came to spar verbally too .
tr	9	Two days ago , you hated me and never wanted to see me again .
tr	11	I 'm sorry I doubted any of you .
tr	9	Gunnar could see the Black River in the distance , flowing down from the mountains .
tr	9	He swung wildly but had no real idea where I was .
tr	11	But nobody saw any Angel , although Ben did hear the flapping of wings .
tr	10	He gulped , and then answered , " I prefer the lilies of Garonne . "
tr	11	It hurt , but there was no time to worry about that .
tr	8	They burned our planet , how many children did they kill ? "
tr	8	Others tried to hide behind their comrades , dead or alive .
tr	11	" I 've given you every reason not to trust me , " Lilith replied .
tr	8	Since , then I have passed through many worlds and experienced many things .
tr	10	We 've got to hole up for the night . "
tr	8	" You and the colonel here seem to speak the same language .
tr	10	I should stage another mention of Sarina 's care and keeping for their benefit .
tr	7	She stopped before him and raised her hand .
tr	7	" When we arrived here your people were living in complete darkness .
tr	9	" Any new stories to tell soldier ? "
tr	9	He turned to the two men by the door as the rest formed into a rough line .
tr	10	" I 'm going to stand up , " Mark told the scared agent .
tr	9	She had no idea that it would be that easy .
tr	7	While the main river swept majestically by , a self-contained ecosystem coexisted just beyond the main flow .
tr	11	hoping to see the defeat of the mighty race horse , Kingston , on that day .
tr	6	" Umm , well there 's Fiona ... " " She 's not your girlfriend .
tr	11	" That 's because I couldn 't get any proof of the graveyard .
tr	6	This may be a lie .
tr	7	In unison they both shook their heads , " No thanks , Annie , " mumbled the Chief .
tr	9	I want to see them crushed .
tr	6	" Zeal ... " " We 're not going anywhere . "
tr	9	Virgil joined them in the dining room , just as they were sitting down .
tr	8	They were living in the mines this whole time , " Dagger reports anxiously .
tr	9	She still hadn 't let go of his arm .
tr	7	The last thing we need is another botched plan .
tr	10	If we have to lie , steal , or chase anyone else , our luck 's bound to run out . "
tr	8	Connor jabbed the man in the gut forcing all the air out of the man .
tr	9	He would come in here and she would be smiling no more , she would only be -- A rebel !
tr	11	Was it possible to change your way of thinking within a day ?
tr	8	Spots of moonlight drifted through the open ceiling , casting a haunting , ethereal mood over the entire place .
tr	5	" Thanks , Barney , " he said .
tr	7	On either side of the halls , countless doors opened into unknown rooms .
tr	10	From there out to two thousand the odds change , mostly due to wind uncertainty .
tr	6	She heard no noise , and the rooms had an empty feel .
tr	8	" ... Much of the energy harvesting and electronic circuitry can be directly ported to bio organisms .
tr	11	" They would trust my judgment and when they see that I truly love you , they will love you . "
tr	8	Already , in the days of peace , they had divided the city between them .
tr	9	" Considering that the principals in this affair are asleep , I leave you in control of a peaceful camp .
tr	11	The disembodied voice seemed to emanate from all around us .
tr	9	You implicated with your soul , you look at people , as they are , human .
tr	8	Ayla said wiping the extra liquid from her lips .
tr	8	" Of course , dear fellow , " Virgil said , sloshing liquid into his own glass .
tr	7	She already chose you and Damian for it , and asked my opinion .
tr	8	The exposed roots had been comfortably smoothed by his rump .
tr	10	He swam slowly to make as little splash as possible .
tr	7	He took it from me , quickly pocketing the piece .
tr	5	" Of course , " She said , and then our lips met .
tr	9	I nodded and downed a glass of water before slipping outside .
tr	8	Jimmy was like a brother to her .
tr	8	A very tall thin woman stands holding her hands behind her back .
tr	7	I 'm talking to you ! "
tr	5	And breathe in and out , slowly , heavily , over and over again .
tr	8	Little Isabelle opened the door at the sound of the bell .
tr	11	He 'd said he wanted to talk .
tr	11	She asks , only glancing at him for a moment before returning her eyes to the angry enemy before them .
tr	6	Would she ever get over those thirty minutes ?
tr	6	" Now , for GG here , I 'm not making any guarantees . "
tr	9	There was no trace of fear in his face or voice .
tr	6	I drove my boots a third time into the grate .
tr	9	The wolves walked through a veil of snowy black pines , and entered an ice cave .
tr	9	He hobbled over and laid a hand on Elaina 's forehead .
tr	8	Marcellus spoke quite highly of you , and I trust my brother 's judgment . "
tr	11	She peeped an eye open to see Jen .
tr	9	Even the betrayal of introducing Sky to her half-sister was forgotten .
tr	9	The death of one ends all challenges between those clans for a full year . "
tr	6	" I have one other question , " broke in Finan .
tr	7	Megan and Bradley quickly loaded the machine , pushed the button and peeked out of the garage door into the kitchen .
tr	7	Roberto lifted her drenched body and walked with her to their cabin .
tr	10	For the second time in as many days Taylor felt the undeniable positive effect the food had on his general wellbeing .
tr	10	If you can 't have confidence in yourself , then have confidence in my confidence in you .
tr	9	She rubbed her fingers over her sleepy eyes as she turned to the opened window .
tr	9	She would do whatever was required .
tr	10	But there was no time to dwell on it .
tr	11	He gasped as it jerked against his palm in response .
tr	7	" Are you hurt ? "
tr	11	Thank you so much for sharing it with me . "
tr	11	Though it was unfair to make such a connection , it was correct in this case .
tr	9	It was the final straw , something in his core cracked and his software shuttered .
tr	5	" Yeah , because you never call it .
tr	6	Solitary So Dexter and I began our thirty-two hour stint in the slammer .
tr	9	He knew exactly what she was going through .
tr	8	It was a man-made structure created from brick and steel .
tr	10	" I don 't care about smithing at all , " Gunnar continued .
tr	10	You 'll blow her brains out as soon as I turn my back . "
tr	9	Alfred looks worse every time I see him ; I think he needs a break .
tr	7	Rick didn 't remember traveling .
tr	8	Yeah , not in a million years could he ever have imagined that scenario back home .
tr	10	The tiny reflection of the clearing rippled on the water 's surface with her breath and the lattice shifted with it .
tr	10	" As real as they come , " she answered tucking him in and blowing a kiss on his forehead .
tr	6	" It is pretty good , for now . "
tr	8	But an invitation to eat and drink never found her backward .
tr	9	They waited several minutes before he arrived , followed by a couple of the white coats .
tr	6	Sarah watched the dog retreat -- but reluctantly , she thought .
tr	8	In contrast to the dusty road we 'd just left , this highway was well paved .
tr	10	" If I do I 'll disappear back to where I came from .
tr	9	John was the first to spout out an idea .
tr	6	He had climbed up the steps .
tr	11	A swarthy man in his forties jerked his head to indicate the other side of the long barn .
tr	5	But then , on your world , an insignificant , unremarkable girl altered everything .
tr	6	" Dr. Harold Livingston ; Home Office Science , Research and Statistics . "
tr	10	" We have the backing of every nation on Earth - finance , materials and expertise . "
tr	8	Surely Mal or Trinity had heard something and would be here any minute Camden figured , right ?
tr	9	Don 't try to be quiet .
tr	8	That 's what I 'm worried about , girls !
tr	10	Nora was a well-bred lady who , after the ordeal and in his tender care , became a vibrant young woman .
tr	11	I think that I meant to run away .
tr	9	After he briefed them on the plan , they all settled in to wait the few hours until dark .
tr	5	" Now that 's not a very professional attitude Mr Doyle . "
tr	5	" The road , I hope , " Nate joked .
tr	11	It was apparent the spleen , pancreas and colon , as well as the left kidney had some form of trauma .
tr	6	My pirate days provided well for me over the years . "
tr	9	You have some explaining to do . "
tr	9	It had only been a couple of days since we found out ourselves .
tr	6	" They 're fine , " David said .
tr	10	Was he doing what his father wanted him to do ?
tr	9	They flushed browsing deer , a buck and three does , that bounded away in fluid leaps .
tr	6	He was much too goofy for anything else .
tr	5	It played the same dozen bars , over and over again . '
tr	8	Quickly remembering who it was , he placed his hand on Kaori 's thigh and smiled .
tr	7	" You set off the bomb on purpose ? "
tr	11	Do you want to die ? "
tr	11	If not , then I will have proof against him if he causes problems for us later . "
tr	8	" I 'll always be here to help .
tr	11	It seemed that once they entered the bunker complex , radio communications were questionable at best .
tr	11	" Was there an explosion in a dye work I haven ' heard about yet ? "
tr	5	" How is this amusing ? "
tr	9	' He 's fighting his way into the command room as we speak , ' said Victor .
tr	11	The inverted pyramid glows a haunting , transparent blue , allowing him to see clearly through his own palm .
tr	6	I 'm sorry little guy .
tr	7	Are you a doctor ? "
tr	11	Rising to a sitting position , he watches as the temple disappears beneath the frothing drain of the disgusting bog .
tr	9	Moments later , they helplessly watched the Yoyo tilt in mid air and explode .
tr	11	Cade watched from the corner of his eye as Darin did his best to seduce Elaina .
tr	9	No sound was coming from the other side of the warehouse door anymore .
tr	7	He pulled his bandana up over his mouth and nose and squinted his eyes against the stinging smoke .
tr	5	" No matter , " the station voice said .
tr	8	It looked like it was grinning .
tr	8	It occurred to him too he hadn 't showered in a while and might be a little ripe .
tr	6	" Can you come here for a second ?
tr	5	Their names were Cecil , Felix and Balthazar Thorne .
tr	5	Then , very , very quietly , he said , " True . "
tr	9	Was determined to help me .
tr	7	I was none of these .
tr	10	Expertly he twirls them about in his hands to feel their weight .
tr	9	Before he could speak Adele 's voice floated across from where she stood .
tr	7	Voice # 2 : " Things are moving quickly now .
tr	7	Now , nobody could get anywhere near the thing .
tr	8	Now please stay out of sight while I bargain .
tr	6	The sneaking past guards , the adventures , and the faint bits of romance all themes of the past .
tr	9	" Oh , erm ... Just a bit of whiplash , " It was my turn to ask a question .
tr	8	" You should be ashamed of yourself .
tr	9	Chapter 15 -- A Little Trip to Rome " Do you confirm this destination and location , Rick ? "
tr	6	" In case you 've forgotten , I only have a one-bedroom apartment and my sofa 's pretty ratty .
tr	7	The phenomenon was so uniform , and the six of them were the only exceptions .
tr	10	" No , but I do have a gift from the boss for you .
tr	11	" ... makes it abundantly clear that these are hostile forces and we have to prepare to face them . "
tr	6	he snorted , then held his nose .
tr	10	If I think you 're right , I 'll help you .
tr	11	Mia already saw something similar in the guy who called himself Jonas .
tr	9	With those words , the man stepped forward and for a moment I thought I was dreaming .
tr	11	That was easier said than done .
tr	9	Standard procedure would be to eliminate them .
tr	6	" Just lip sync , " Adam suggested , " It works for Britney . "
tr	5	Every cure a minor miracle , every new patient a new chore , a new worry .
tr	8	He would speak plainly to her and set matters straight .
tr	9	Her legs instantly gave way beneath her and she landed in a cold puddle of dirty water in the road .
tr	11	" Was there suppose to be more of you , " he asked .
tr	11	" Yin did what all men do when their will is thwarted . "
tr	8	He chuckled , the sound trembling through her and she clenched her fists as he continued .
tr	11	Nothing moved an inch except gentle snowflakes , which rained down from the sky .
tr	9	" I 'm sure he 's just exploring . "
tr	5	From that point the book largely wrote itself .
tr	6	" Jail , " Monique asked , " you can do that ? "
tr	9	" If your vessel 's death is what you wish , then you shall have it . "
tr	11	" You can bet we 've been watching you .
tr	9	Of course he elaborated on the wounds he inflicted on the intruders .
tr	10	She ducked , cursing herself for not paying better attention .
tr	9	No cracks to slip into and disappear for a while , like a month or two .
tr	6	The ninth domain , of neither Northern nor Southern affiliation ; the island of Apathy .
tr	9	Lisa points at the holographic image spinning above the table .
tr	9	" Right and where 's the rake , for that matter where 's the head ? "
tr	10	Much later I realised she 'd hit the nail dead centre on the head .
tr	11	He read the Denver Public Library card that was registered to Steven Southington .
tr	7	" Um ... yes ... in a way ... but that is not the point , " Barry finally spoke .
tr	7	Was me or this guy was flirting with her .
tr	9	It was divided from the rest of the warehouse by two partition walls .
tr	6	Using a small remainder , she made faint black streaks on her cheeks .
tr	7	" Thanks , it 's a new acquisition , but you didn 't really answer my question . "
tr	6	" So , they are still active , and their mission is still the same .
tr	8	So better to make a friend than an enemy , she thought .
tr	11	' Who said you could come in here ? '
tr	6	" The dead girl was red-headed , young , pretty , no marks on her body .
tr	10	You will be amazed by him at the end of the day . "
tr	11	" Remind me why I let you talk me into this ? "
tr	7	He was a loving , gentle giant , and she loved him fiercely .
tr	8	And you kids stumbled across me in the desert with a cooler full of water . "
tr	9	Jen stood up and switched on a couple of table lamps .
tr	8	Keep watch out the window for my dad . "
tr	8	Sorry Mr. Jones , but I ... I don 't actually believe in this paranormal things . "
tr	8	As much as she missed her old family and world , she very much appreciated the respect that she now enjoyed .
tr	11	" Do you know what you 're doing ? "
tr	9	Cade watched as her breath came faster and a blush stained her cheeks .
tr	6	All those mosquito nets for African orphans were just a cover .
tr	9	He had to act while still on the open seas .
tr	11	It was much too early to be sunrise but what could it be otherwise , Ricky wondered .
tr	11	He glances back at Aria , who has regained her composure .
tr	8	He felt quite sick just thinking about it .
tr	10	The wire was attached to the loop on the grenade 's safety pin .
tr	8	Stick with me kid and we 'll be alright , " she teases , happy with their progress .
tr	6	Clear the display and history , " said William .
tr	10	" Have you forgotten where the Holy Father comes from ? "
tr	7	" It just scared me , " Kaylie said , indicating the rope .
tr	8	His back was stiff and sore , and his hands were blistered from gripping the axe for so long .
tr	9	" Thanks for reminding me , " Taylor smiled at her , " think and feel , right ? "
tr	7	Spotting Lilly Ann and her rolling canvas a big smile revealed an impressive mouthful of gleaming white teeth .
tr	6	David viewed his crude operating environment with shock .
tr	6	He switched over to English .
tr	11	With your permission ... " asked the Sergeant Major , indicating the need to get moving .
tr	10	I look to Lexie to confirm .
tr	8	" What ... how did you do that ? "
tr	6	How did Malcolm know the mime so well ?
tr	6	I laugh , but it sounds forced .
tr	8	The Prince felt his heart beating faster in his chest as they crossed the bridge .
tr	11	It was quite possible that they had access to knowledge far beyond the Prince 's own meager seventeen years .
tr	9	In the past , when Kai patrolled the Twelfth Ward , the city 's noise overwhelmed his senses .
tr	7	Turning away , he stared out over the city and spoke .
tr	9	Do you want some advice ? "
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	11	You didn 't see them when I made the connection between son and sun .
tr	9	" Well I think I 'd rather stay here . "
tr	8	In a matter of seconds , he 'd woken the rest of the group with his screams .
tr	8	The rich chocolate locks held just a slight amount of wave and wafted softly over her shoulders .
tr	5	" I will , " said Nina , rather coldly .
tr	8	Chase let out an unspoken smile on his lips and follow after his companions .
tr	7	The girl looked at the Prince and considered him for a long time .
tr	11	You can decide what is put out to the general public . '
tr	11	I think he means to hurt her .
tr	6	On his sincere face , the first reddish rays of Greek sunshine could be seeing .
tr	7	I am very interested in island artifacts . "
tr	11	" I see you managed to join us .
tr	9	After a few minutes , the clip automatically froze showing the moment Simon shot Boris with the sedative dart .
tr	8	" I always did what I believed was the right thing , what God would want .
tr	6	" The dinosaurs and cavemen were really the coolest though .
tr	10	" I am wondering when Mr. Bins will call me . "
tr	10	It would be good to have her along .
tr	11	We also frequently only seek God 's will and support when we are without hope or are facing destruction .
tr	8	" Some of these are pretty ugly but pass them around then we 'll go round the table . "
tr	6	" I don 't think ... " he begins .
tr	9	Make sure it 's clear .
tr	9	Melody tossed a couple of boxes of cake mix into her pack .
tr	10	He turned toward me , and my heart squeezed -- out of fear or attraction I wasn 't sure .
tr	5	And the other car , the one behind you , it was odd .
tr	5	" Well , in my eyes , you are ... awesome . "
tr	11	she asked without wanting to know the answer .
tr	7	" I suppose , " the other said , " if the lord baron agrees . "
tr	7	Chapter 52 : Zoe 's Great Escape Zoe slowly lifted her head off of the pillow .
tr	11	- Let us assume that you 're right .
tr	8	As more gunshots echoed to the blue skies , panic gripped the campus .
tr	9	I 'll meet you back at the farm but at Terry 's place . "
tr	7	Address , house layout , everything , " Gabe says , and his voice is losing its humor .
tr	7	" It 's up to you .
tr	5	" Yes , though close , the coup was not a success . "
tr	11	I never saw anyone who could split wood like that guy either .
tr	7	" You have never even met her , you do not ... " " And what is that ?
tr	8	He turned , his followers closing her off with their backs .
tr	9	" I 'm starting to see that .
tr	5	That part really is true .
tr	11	Bandits and other settlers have moved in over the months , setting up camps despite the borders around the park .
tr	11	She said it made her feel alive .
tr	11	Fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
tr	6	At Luke 's confused look , I explained , " That 's Simon 's theory , as well . "
tr	10	" Yes , friend , " Brand said , gazing into the fire with concern .
tr	10	But what was to be done ?
tr	10	We 're not sure quite how it will go or where it will lead .
tr	11	" Right there by the , " he starts , his jaw dropping open upon locating her .
tr	7	With a triumphant , dazzling smile -- she was beautiful -- the chains fell to the stones .
tr	10	Wait for us to come back in four days .
tr	8	" What 's wrong with you ?
tr	7	" Is that where you live ? "
tr	10	Finan had watched over them in amusement , and jeered playfully at their inexperience from his own lofty five years seniority .
tr	6	" Oh , uh , yeah , because the second one was totally for you . "
tr	5	The cloak and the clothes beneath looked soaked and dirty .
tr	9	He was stopping me from running away .
tr	8	Hendricks has something clutched in his right fist .
tr	7	And Sophia thought to herself : " He really is a good man underneath . "
tr	9	" Then it makes sense what we saw : no guards and only drunken men . "
tr	7	" Change location to Rome , please . "
tr	10	Whatever happened was up to Clara .
tr	8	" Judy was killed only a couple of miles from here .
tr	8	It listed his supervisor as a man named Jack Carson .
tr	8	But you have to trust me . "
tr	7	She moved to the center and held on to the seat , rigidly facing forward .
tr	7	" What about the people you came with , why are they here ? "
tr	11	Truth and reality are not ze absolutes you think they are . '
tr	7	" Uh huh , and where did you come from ?
tr	9	asked Simon whilst holding what looked like a synthetic skin used to treat burns .
tr	11	As if I would try something that makes Illusion look easy !
tr	10	" And what do you propose to do with him ? "
tr	7	She laughed an intoxicating laugh , skipped down the stairs and grabbed Taylor 's hand .
tr	5	So just tell me . "
tr	9	You gon na tell me ? "
tr	9	Basically , they took a sheet of silver and used a die to hammer out circular pieces .
tr	11	David ordered his men to remain in position and stay quiet for now .
tr	9	He hears her promise , and it is really the only encouragement he needed .
tr	8	And your pals left you behind to take their fall ?
tr	6	But it wasn 't Andrew , Spartan , my Mum or the cops .
tr	9	The deer were now running along the top of the high bank , heading downstream .
tr	7	We rose to our feet and stared at the debris .
tr	11	Once more , Jimmy wanted to question what they were doing .
tr	9	Stalin spent his mornings at the local elementary school , teaching , of all things , Morality and Ethics class .
tr	9	One of the major characteristics of the engines to was rate of climb and altitude flight .
tr	5	' Hang on , ' I said grimly .
tr	8	Also , we can 't leave just yet , we haven 't got the information . "
tr	8	Jimmy turned his head around , looking quickly one way then the other .
tr	9	" I tried to tell my grandfather that , but he would not believe me .
tr	6	Ellen looked up , her face as open and hopeful as a full moon .
tr	6	His very long hair cascaded down his back , shimmering softly beneath both starlight and firelight .
tr	6	" Yep , " Lilly Ann eagerly awaited Taylor 's next thought .
tr	6	No over excited disorderly individuals , no wild private parties , not even the random occasional troublemaker invaded the club .
tr	11	Oh , why , why , why did they have to go to summer school ?
tr	8	Connie woke her voice filled with alarm .
tr	11	Do you want to die ? "
tr	7	Because you are such a bitch , your project and Damian as well got canceled by your teachers . "
tr	7	At the far end of the table sat a bald man in round glasses and an ill-fitting suit .
tr	10	I should fly to put creeps in jail .
tr	9	We will be there in a month 's time , and then I will hand it to them . "
tr	7	Hotels here aren 't up to their sky high standards . "
tr	11	With only some fifteen hundred troops , they planned to divert and hold off the Prince of Oxen ?
tr	7	Third , the firemen would be just as likely targets . "
tr	9	I thought you were in trouble .
tr	9	" Doesn 't look small , that 's all I know , " replied Dr. Stadler , still suctioning the colon .
tr	5	" My friends are very smart .
tr	10	" Would one of you please tell me what 's going on ? "
tr	8	" Remember the first night we arrived ... you got lost ... the card ? "
tr	11	They would have it all packed up when the shuttle returned .
tr	8	Never had they felt so naked , so alone , so vulnerable .
tr	10	He saw that his words were having some impact and so he pushed on .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle were talking in conference with Proud Cougar .
tr	5	" Sixteen " he declared , the pride rousing like an old beast .
tr	10	It was fine to leave Jonesy here , but the overgrown pilot wouldn 't last long .
tr	7	The engine fired up with a muted roar and she backed out of her space .
tr	10	As they got closer they could make out the shape of whatever it had been .
tr	9	Having left their car two blocks back , they were crouched behind the burnt-out shell of an old city bus .
tr	11	I hope you remembered to pack lightly . "
tr	5	1 Luther M. Siler Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Luther M. Siler All rights reserved .
tr	11	There is a huge vehicle out front that reminds me of a bread truck .
tr	8	At the end of the hallway , a fat metal door blocked their path , secured with two golden padlocks .
tr	7	" Do not think me a fool , " Less warns , her trigger finger becoming itchy .
tr	10	They became more and more confident that the older boys had not come in this direction .
tr	9	" The only thing that is breaking here is your back ! "
tr	7	What if she didn 't come ?
tr	9	" So , you don 't want to defend your honour , then ? "
tr	8	I can 't tell if he knows .
tr	9	Her eyes couldn 't rest , racing from point to point .
tr	8	" Very well , what was it ? "
tr	10	Ted watched in horror as Joe expertly tucked into a roll and came back up running .
tr	6	In the end , they had an unspoken compromise and " Miss Julia " and " Miss Patricia " were born .
tr	10	I knew he worked here but what the hell was going on ?
tr	5	" No , thanks ; what time is it ? "
tr	7	As a Christmas gift I gave him full ownership of my estate .
tr	6	The drivers of the five chariots urged the horses forward at a walk .
tr	8	Toby noticed her eyes were jet black .
tr	11	If only brats were so easy to deal with .
tr	9	I 'll be going strong in no time . "
tr	8	Luckily , it had been zipped all the way up and the t-shirt underneath was still pretty clean .
tr	7	After a while , the smell of disinfectant and medicine told him where he was .
tr	8	Age had turned his hair gray and his skin wrinkled .
tr	5	' Friend , friend , not eaten , not eaten ! '
tr	7	Anna murmured , correcting her grip .
tr	5	" Yes , sorry , T. " " That 's quite all right , Rick .
tr	7	Inside the press box was a line of tall , swiveling directors ' chairs behind a built-in counter .
tr	8	" Yeah , yeah , I understand but it 's seems such a pity .
tr	7	' Brings a bit more uniformity to us , ' Raphael said straightening his drums .
tr	11	" I 'll admit that nature today was a little odd but , nature is odd .
tr	10	" I used to work in a hospital back in Oz . "
tr	5	The gunslinger rolled his evening smoke and eyed Jake half humorously .
tr	8	" I can 't figure her out , " she said later over a pint in the Dragon .
tr	7	He sold the shares just as a new international private space race began .
tr	8	We stop in front of a door .
tr	9	" This room was a coffin for over a year , " he explains with annoyance .
tr	9	The sphere glides away from the remnants of the discharge and toward the massive gas giant Jupiter .
tr	8	This book is available in paperback and digital e-book format .
tr	7	Might be he was just being paranoid , but even so .
tr	7	With a ' Merry Xmas ' he climbed back into the cab and drove away .
tr	11	I went to boil some water for tea ; the mint always soothed me .
tr	11	" Wasn 't it escape you were after ?
tr	10	she asked , putting a hand on Mark 's shoulder in concern .
tr	6	Mana opened her mouth , and Miriam cut her off .
tr	6	Somewhere out of sight , a giant bell was being rung .
tr	10	She 's not like the timid wall flowers he 's used to . "
tr	5	" Let 's head left . "
tr	11	He never seemed to drink on duty , so Chris couldn 't figure out why he spent so much time there .
tr	5	Gods , what a barbaric land this is . "
tr	6	Mother and daughter walked into the study .
tr	5	' For the last time , ' shouted the Dean , ' I am not -- ' He stopped .
tr	9	And the only thought crossing my mind was that someone shot at me the night before .
tr	8	The golden band -- the equivalent of a coronet -- should have given it away .
tr	9	" If you get hit by it , our trip is certainly over ! "
tr	10	Sometimes just to get out of the cabins the men would flee to the bridge where they would talk man stuff .
tr	8	Jacob maneuvered the vehicle with ease , passing flowerbeds , small ponds , shady trees , and the occasional pedestrian .
tr	11	Why do people feel the need to wrap me in cotton wool ?
tr	7	Benny and Brent adopted dramatic expressions of horrified shock , including bulging eyes , grimaces and even assorted gasps .
tr	7	Rick shrunk her image and moved it up to the top right corner and dragged the message box open larger .
tr	6	Therefore , at the exact same time vampires fed , they released healing properties into their human meals through their saliva .
tr	9	It felt like lying next to a furnace .
tr	9	The irreverent thought floated into her mind before Claire could banish it .
tr	11	He said , " I 'm glad to be home finally .
tr	9	Landing in front of the chest , Rift smiles and quickly trots toward the pedestal .
tr	10	Playing into him had created an illusion behind which she felt safe .
tr	10	Just seeing it is going to scare the crap out of him .
tr	9	The sun was spouting life throughout the evergreen mountains , blessing the animals with guidance and motivation .
tr	8	Her uncle rose and took her shoulders , peering into her stunned face .
tr	7	The gem on his ear glistened by the moonlight so as his turquoise eyes .
tr	11	Their hands slipped apart and incredibly Noelle was sucked through the air with a whoosh and disappeared .
tr	5	" Why can 't we ride ? "
tr	7	" I 'll take you to your room .
tr	9	We wouldn 't want you doing anything ... rash . "
tr	7	Smiling , the stranger advances on the helpless dancer , twirling his sword at the wrist casually .
tr	10	It made him feel included .
tr	9	Wherever he found a security camera , he clicked the mouse and placed a marker .
tr	10	He steadily added more wood from the pile they had nearby .
tr	7	Immediately a group of people lead the Wise Old Man away and everyone quickly melted away in different directions .
tr	11	' You mean how easily we failed to see a charity case ? '
tr	10	I choose to believe it isn 't .
tr	8	" Yes , well ; as we have seen he has deplorable taste . "
tr	9	Minister Drake came to see me today and ... " " The Public Representative ? "
tr	8	" And those soldiers ' lives you saved ? "
tr	11	His dust cloud kept Amanda covered as she followed him .
tr	9	I 'm sure he killed them .
tr	11	Seeing him cry does not change the way she thought of him .
tr	6	I take a deep breath , all wet and wonderful .
tr	10	This world was unfamiliar to me , a world of government secrets , deadly weapons , and new civilisations .
tr	6	That afternoon and the next day he spent on the final preparations for his journey .
tr	7	How is she coming along in her recovery ? "
tr	9	I shall tame her spirit , Virgil , believe me . "
tr	6	" Just give me a few more seconds , just a little more . "
tr	6	So Alex answered , " The water .
tr	11	The worst thing that could happen to you is a beheading , and I won 't let that happen .
tr	8	" What does order six three five two mean ?
tr	10	" What amount of force is acceptable when dealing with rebels ? "
tr	8	He nodded , turned , dropped to one knee and let out a volley of shots .
tr	10	I was not sure what was going on . "
tr	10	But , Amy found Abigail had a wonderful sense of humour .
tr	8	" I am the only one to escape .
tr	11	Frank attempted to turn Jake 's mouth upward from the puddle of water .
tr	7	One boy , her own child , stood between them and the barn .
tr	8	said Long Ben in his best pirates voice , and Scarborough strutted out of bed naked toward the wardrobe .
tr	7	Blue eyes move up my body and pause at my face .
tr	8	Calvin may or may not have money but what Little Spirit did last night blew me away .
tr	8	I wonder how far it 's gone .
tr	7	" He has a good heart , " Francesca says , and her voice softens .
tr	11	That was when she and Coke met the second fastest horse they ever knew .
tr	6	A middle-aged woman with mousy hair rounded the corner .
tr	11	" If you think I 'm the bad guy then bugger off right now and I 'll go alone . "
tr	5	" No , " he answered curtly .
tr	8	I thought she was here . "
tr	10	" I think this thing is telling me something is coming for us .
tr	5	His father chuckled , apparently amused , something Jason most definitely wasn 't .
tr	11	He knew that an F-16 afterburner would feel like child 's play to these beauties .
tr	9	His breath hit the back of my neck , causing me to shiver .
tr	8	" Le , get in the house ... stay low , " Trae ordered .
tr	9	" Jonesy , the blast wash radius of small rocks and grains is about two hundred feet .
tr	8	More groaning and fumbling around to silence the evil machines followed , and Claire smiled .
tr	9	Taylor was sitting on the ground behind the car holding his ears .
tr	8	Teachers connected to the infinite wisdom of the universe .
tr	9	Because he was walking with me .
tr	8	That 's the way of the Dog People , and I 'm a guest of your tribe .
tr	8	She pulled him closer , holding him tightly .
tr	11	she drove a finger into his chest , " I 'm not the one who left !
tr	8	They watched the radar as the second craft rapidly closed the distance .
tr	6	His captain would not like the competition .
tr	9	The cat is out of the bag and the factory is secure apart from two enemy males heading east .
tr	9	' I hope you 're right , for all our sake . '
tr	5	" Oh my God ! "
tr	10	Lonnie looked back at Ricky who gave his head a little shake .
tr	7	That model sat inside the front door on a yellow , black and white table and it was Soldado 's favorite .
tr	7	" I can 't go without Noah . "
tr	7	Even eleven years after the war ended , the void of her families hurt would never be filled .
tr	8	She braided her long hair with trembling fingers .
tr	5	Short and sweet , sir , that 's the style . '
tr	5	" Good , not many in this day do .
tr	7	No , she 'll stick with a rhinestone encrusted " Find Maya " button .
tr	8	" We should be rolling over those losers !
tr	7	The resulting whirlwind had contained more than a few sorrows .
tr	10	We really did need to talk .
tr	6	How will we subdue them ? "
tr	8	I 'll have the address for you in a second . "
tr	8	That 's in the JP , isn 't it ? "
tr	7	But it looked far worse than it was .
tr	5	" The last time I checked , my mother wasn 't .
tr	8	But the innate craft of the wilderness rose to guide her berserk rage .
tr	8	As they moved closer , a lone sentry illuminated by the moonlight could be seen on the second floor .
tr	6	Avril 's first day at the zoo had been exhausting and exciting .
tr	11	I could see his other arm had a tattoo on it too .
tr	9	Cade replied as confidently as he could without sounding patronizing .
tr	8	She seemed to hate him now .
tr	6	" Sit and eat , Mr. Neil , " she said .
tr	11	She didn 't waste the moment he 'd given her .
tr	8	He cleaned up any mess from Peyton wrapping my injury , then brushed my hair out of my face .
tr	7	Alfred 's breathing had become labored .
tr	6	You 're right , I never was more alive with fear .
tr	9	She wanted to lay there and rest .
tr	9	I 'm going up to London for the day tomorrow but should be back by Friday .
tr	8	" After we eat and get ready , " Rick told her .
tr	9	This corn would be boiled and eaten right off the cob .
tr	6	" No , just the gifts and the creepy thing about the emails . "
tr	9	Chase smirked and appeared beside Iris , unbinding her of the spell .
tr	7	He rapped a knuckle on the coffee table as he spoke .
tr	5	But then after a moment , there was a hollow thud .
tr	11	These were nothing more than pipe bombs made from heavy , galvanized , steel water pipe .
tr	9	" Abby , I will talk with you teacher and you will leave Greece in a jiffy . "
tr	10	What if this damage is the result of a nuclear strike , and not an earthquake ?
tr	10	After nominating Penrod to be chancellor .
tr	8	Mr. Clancy turned and walked slowly back to the rear and sat down with his head hung low in utter numbness .
tr	8	Mr. No Name asked as he held out his briefcase .
tr	9	The two vehicles were positioned to either side of the entrance , facing outward .
tr	11	" Nah , " she squealed shaking her head that her hair flew all around her head .
tr	11	It 's going to rain in 5 minutes ; you may want to close your car windows . "
tr	6	" Naughty and Nice List , natch , " said Duke .
tr	7	Rylan said nothing of the cold bitterness in his tone .
tr	11	Maya screams in pain as she fights to maintain the shield !
tr	9	Thank God , Dr. Ortega said it wasn 't actually broken .
tr	5	" Lucifer Satan ; Alpha Wolf and Elder of First Clan . "
tr	8	" I only pretended to be one .
tr	8	" O.k. , you got it , " Taylor said , glancing at her dress again .
tr	11	But a boat in the middle of the desert - miles from any water - that was strange as well .
tr	10	' I take it you 've got a record player at home ? '
tr	7	" How will you see it done ? "
tr	5	Only the Mayor , Sheriff and their crow chorus occupied the elevated position .
tr	11	My eyes felt like they were being sucked into my head .
tr	6	" On my last trip there , Ishmael took me to the Tribal Area near Afghanistan .
tr	7	Do you trust me ? "
tr	7	It soared toward its mark at the same time the revolver went off .
tr	9	She reaches up to tap her CU , scrolls through a menu and activates the upload .
tr	7	He looks through the rolled down window , smells the ocean breeze , and gazes at the building .
tr	7	What they didn 't realize , what no one ever saw , was the truth behind his apparent fidelity .
tr	11	I 'm really sorry I got us caught .
tr	8	Lord Brogan paused , seemingly lost in his reverie .
tr	10	Josh stared at the black rectangle in front of him as if it was alien technology .
tr	9	There was nothing Paris could do .
tr	10	I needed to find out more about Jolie .
tr	11	" Judy ... it 's time for me to move on now .
tr	8	DISCLAIMER Some adult language and descriptions of a violent nature are presented , parental guidance is advised .
tr	10	Think he will buy that ? "
tr	6	They had a few satellite phones , but not enough .
tr	10	There wasn 't a clear way to get to the river .
tr	8	' It 's me , ' said Bruno , staring past the barrels of our guns .
tr	10	" There 's a store down the street with fabric on display , I saw it coming in .
tr	7	But that was only the start of our journey .
tr	8	" Why are you hiding in these caves , Hilda ? "
tr	5	" I remembered the name Lizzy McAllister a short time ago . "
tr	5	" No thanks , I 'm not a tea drinker . "
tr	5	Her little heart-shaped face and her innocent eyes , her dirty smudged cheeks .
tr	7	It 's full of stars !
tr	6	" The ones with nuts are banana mango .
tr	8	VIN noticed tall Ryan in the front , leading the way at a good pace .
tr	11	It was dusk when he arrived at the field and stopped .
tr	11	Not if he wanted to save Lynn on time .
tr	7	" Yeah , and the mall is in a enormous metropolis , right , " Tori joked .
tr	5	So , where is the pudding ? "
tr	5	And in truth , Simone and I look a great deal alike .
tr	7	" You 've no time for this .
tr	10	If you enjoyed this story , please take a moment to leave a positive review .
tr	11	Suddenly the scene changed , like we had teleported and around us was a green meadow with a solitary tree ahead .
tr	9	" before they left on a mission from which they never returned -- overzealous peasants . "
tr	9	No matter what life threw at them , she dealt with it .
tr	10	" I understand from my chamber boy that I will not be served any meals ? "
tr	10	Bethan threw her an apologetic look and went to stand by the tour guide .
tr	6	Ahead , cries of anger and shock filled the mist .
tr	5	Not overly huge , but not a chip off the diamond block either .
tr	8	" Islam is the only hope for Latin America , " the title proclaimed .
tr	8	Dropping the designs in his room he headed towards the bathroom but paused at Calvin 's door longing for some company .
tr	11	Gabe sighs , and his aura pulses a tangy orange that I 'm beginning to associate with his embarrassment or distress .
tr	8	In their compartment the passengers were having a typical traveller 's conversation about life .
tr	5	" Maya , this is important . "
tr	9	The Russian satellite is currently in dormant mode , but can be made fully functional as a living environment .
tr	5	The word Lilly and small child or baby is almost interchangeable here . "
tr	10	he jerked his head to look her in the eye .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	6	" We don 't even have any super powers ! "
tr	11	Dan nodded , accepting the position Mrs. Oakley had outlined .
tr	9	She reached a hand towards Ruth , and dropped it again at the expression on her face .
tr	8	He took a deep breath and nodded beneath the hand , steeling himself .
tr	8	The swirl pattern matched perfectly with that in the inset area .
tr	9	Reggie smiled to himself and realized that he wasn 't so tired anymore .
tr	8	I take a deep breath and exhale slow with reverence .
tr	7	There is a distinct lack of strong colors .
tr	11	Kurt drummed his fingers on the table , considering what to do next .
tr	7	When the old man was alert he followed their movements among the potted cactus .
tr	10	" Send whatever help they need .
tr	8	They began digging the inside of the circle down about three feet until it was all level .
tr	7	Sal peered through the iron sight , said a silent apology to the embassy girl , and squeezed the trigger .
tr	8	" You 've never mentioned any of your family before . "
tr	8	" So , the question is ' Do I stay or do I go ? '
tr	6	' It 's the eyes , isn 't it ?
tr	7	She carefully reached for her boots and slipped them on .
tr	9	While she was standing by the main entrance door she heard something behind her .
tr	7	" Oh , we 'll find something better , " Neil said .
tr	10	We started to him , but our way was blocked by a massive growth of Wisteria .
tr	9	Wheeling around at the sound , I glimpsed four horsemen , soldiers in uniform , gallop into the yard .
tr	11	Guess I should have listened to my instincts .
tr	10	And we still fight for mother 's affections , if the Empress can count as Mother .
tr	9	" I suppose your brother is riding , too ? "
tr	6	" Perfectly , " Laurence said grimly ; the peculiar command bore out all his worst suspicions .
tr	10	What seemed to be minutes passed .
tr	9	The first time takes more than most because it 's so very new and so strong in you .
tr	10	Miriam hopped in beside him , and Neil plunged into the dark stables , waving away Miriam 's offer of help .
tr	11	Is it because they once sold a weed to a bunch of teenagers ?
tr	11	They also had to meet at night so identities were difficult .
tr	7	He sighted the red crosshair on the men and pressed the trigger .
tr	10	She took one more long look at him , seeming to size him up .
tr	9	A golden idol , shaped into the likeness of a hideous hag , sat on a table .
tr	6	The young Russian woman 's body , eyes wide and empty now , lay on a bloody sheet .
tr	10	She had the sense she was being watched .
tr	6	" None of the family have passports , except Dad .
tr	9	Turning back to Mirai he said , " I guess I got tired , " he said .
tr	9	It was a certainty that one small tanker of fuel could not an empire maintain .
tr	7	Neil took a sip of coffee .
tr	8	" Toby , you are some 7 year old , " said Jacob .
tr	10	They watched as John buried the cube and staggered through the woods to his ultimate death .
tr	5	And for that fleeting moment , it was fresh and new .
tr	9	Minister Drake had it removed after I accidentally locked myself in my laboratory . "
tr	10	I swore and shouted a warning as I raced for the exit .
tr	10	Afraid of what it would become in her .
tr	9	Trying to quash these worries , I peered out the window .
tr	7	They now entered a larger room , and the sound of the water was deafening .
tr	11	I 'm sure we can bring him on board . '
tr	11	The matter had surprised her that she cannot think of a better answer .
tr	7	The shapeshifter 's body convulsed and twisted , bulging under his skin and tattered suit .
tr	8	I drop down , brush my hands on my jeans .
tr	10	" Why on God 's earth would you want to do something like that ? "
tr	7	I spun away from my own weapon and sprinted across and back to the cache by the tunnel door .
tr	8	What was an informant , if not a liar or a traitor ?
tr	8	The arrogant man that had steal her wandering heart in just a matter of time .
tr	9	Trying to get in shape .
tr	5	Tall , around six foot , with jet-black hair , he was striking .
tr	11	You can come out of here whoever you want to be .
tr	9	If it didn 't , I would use the grass on the side of the runway .
tr	9	" I think we 're all ready , " she declared .
tr	6	Nearby Guy and the men , hurled debris aside helping those half buried under fallen doors and rubble .
tr	11	He 's afraid to lay a hand on me , Matthew thought .
tr	8	Anything to take her mind off of that uncomfortable feeling .
tr	9	My initial thought was ' This is it .
tr	9	He sees me , peers over to Gabe 's side of the car and shrugs .
tr	7	I 've been watching you .
tr	11	It was the first time a U.S. Air Force aircraft had ever landed on this short , narrow runway .
tr	6	" Jet , " the sound escaped him in a hiss , more a plea than a word .
tr	6	He sighed , " Well , let 's put it in the overhang for now . "
tr	11	" Maybe you should throw in a conversion factor for stadiums full of popcorn ? "
tr	7	The woman 's weight bore down on her chest painfully .
tr	9	Mana stood up and walked over to the window , beckoning for Miriam to follow .
tr	8	" That 's great , " Rift chimes in , the trepidation in his voice still growing .
tr	8	He now possessed the right physiology and nature set about refining her creation .
tr	9	" Is this going to hurt ? "
tr	11	The noise had woken up the two dogs asleep in their baskets in the mud room .
tr	6	The position of her lips , the line of her nose , it was all so familiar .
tr	8	I traced my hand along the castle 's wall , moving downwards , ever downwards through the watery mist .
tr	5	His guards reported his unusual irritability and nervousness that morning , as well .
tr	6	Little staggering steps take me to the second bookshelf .
tr	10	Who knew how they felt about her ?
tr	5	" Crush injuries , broken leg , ribs , possible collapsed lung and a shattered spine .
tr	6	Things should not come out .
tr	9	Not wanting to appear rude , I looked at the doctor with phony amazement .
tr	7	The agents surrounding Josie and Mark were also getting up from their tables .
tr	9	He planned to spend the money on candy .
tr	9	Do you know how to do this ?
tr	7	Looking straight ahead in the middle floor , I found the door leading outside and ran towards it .
tr	5	" Thanks , Terry ... see you later . "
tr	11	I barely had time to jump back into the room before they exploded .
tr	6	" Life is a rock , " suggested Spider , " but the radio rolled me . "
tr	8	" Why aren 't you working in the fields now ?
tr	8	Sidney had come a long way in ten years .
tr	11	She had an ear for languages and was already multi-lingual ... . .
tr	7	For a start , you 'll lose this damn job , ' said Jake shaking Toby 's lapel .
tr	11	" What are you talking about , this is all part of the plan !
tr	9	she asked smiling , before going under again .
tr	10	Andy was grabbed by the feet and hauled out of the car then carried inside .
tr	8	" Amen to that , my brother , " the second voice replied .
tr	9	There 's nothing to worry about .
tr	10	There could be no mistaking her meaning and Rafe felt the rebuff forcefully .
tr	7	' Get the bullets out and stitch him up , ' he said to me curtly .
tr	10	When they were building The Hub it appeared little attention was given to the guest accommodation .
tr	9	I told you not to go too far into the bush .
tr	10	Reggie felt slightly uncomfortable , " That will be a point for the future .
tr	8	You 're right ; I don 't know Joe , but I do know his type .
tr	10	Earl needed to quit making promises .
tr	7	He 'd hole up somewhere else , somewhere no one knew about .
tr	9	" Granny would have said : There 's nowt so queer as folk , " Ben concluded .
tr	11	Reaching out a gentle hand , she touches the boy 's shoulder hoping to bring him back to reality .
tr	6	With that , Allan and his goons left the room and retreated down the stairs .
tr	10	They know how to regulate things like that .
tr	10	She felt ready -- as ready as one could be in their circumstances .
tr	7	Jerking it wide open , they startled Abby .
tr	10	It seemed they must go deep into the earth .
tr	9	There 's only one lamp at the other end , and I can 't see anything besides that .
tr	10	What is strange is that they have no history of secular activism .
tr	9	Yawning , Chris glanced at the clock and saw it was past midnight .
tr	8	" I 'm in something moving , " he thought .
tr	11	As she crept forward , she paused periodically to check for danger around obstructions like dumpsters .
tr	6	I glanced at the shelves and sideboards in the front room .
tr	9	I had to keep moving .
tr	9	Napoleon 's plans did little to quiet the devils .
tr	6	" No you won 't , " Vasile said , " At sunrise , I 'll lead you back .
tr	6	" Back to work , Commander , " Dresden says stiffly .
tr	9	At the end of it all , he found the financial laws to be rather ... interesting . "
tr	9	Loyalty was paid for with food and his law was brutally enforced .
tr	10	He whines , slouching uncomfortably as he reaches the chest .
tr	5	" The Message Rat , " said Marcia , a little puffed .
tr	10	The bodies with signs of foul play in their path reminded them that caution was now paramount .
tr	8	Sarah decided it was just as well .
tr	8	Half of them didn 't even have their coats buttoned all the way .
tr	8	The air smelled stale and dusty with a hint of body odor .
tr	7	I shouted , the adrenaline filling my frame .
tr	10	He cursed himself for allowing them to stay .
tr	5	- OK , so we do an easy sponge cake .
tr	8	He spent the rest of the night reading ' The Broker ' by John Grisham .
tr	7	Secondly , Mr. Jones , you will be flying the second stage . "
tr	11	That is something the Air Force doesn 't do well , " Maggie replied .
tr	9	Please pass me the device , I 'll do my best to get some distance . "
tr	7	For centuries , the kings and queens of France had basked amid their glory .
tr	6	" Why wouldn 't we ? "
tr	7	Thunder bellowed constantly , and a howling wind drove hailstones like bullets against the tower roof .
tr	11	There are those among us who are touched with genius .
tr	11	I just wanted to see if anyone else was awake . "
tr	11	Each step would have to be forward , not up or to the side .
tr	11	We are go for our next phase , to open and test outer doors . "
tr	8	" Gordo 's is the only chain in America you can even get a decent burger anymore .
tr	8	This is the top priority and comes from Admiral Rush herself , " Fearless instructs stiffly .
tr	7	Finally , Phillip put out a hand and tapped it absentmindedly on the table .
tr	10	Despite her best efforts , she could relate to what Chris had said .
tr	6	After all , ' the cross ' can only mean Church .
tr	6	Seeing their astonished , sweaty faces , he explained , " I practically grew up in this gym .
tr	7	The truck still had the white star of the United States Army on its door .
tr	7	Only someone that ' knew ' could guide them up the river .
tr	10	Robbie McElroy used to be around a lot but he 's in Brunei now .
tr	8	Dark eyes regarded him frankly , but they were far from readable .
tr	9	Standing eight feet at the tip of its nose , it could reach another two and a half .
tr	7	Whether or not it was blocked was another matter entirely .
tr	8	CHAPTER SEVEN Gunnar stood in the cold , silent forest on the other side of the wooden wall .
tr	9	He was obviously dead , sitting in the jungle where he had died the previous year .
tr	11	Not going to talk about it .
tr	6	The two rows of theatre ribbons looked colorful against the dark blue background .
tr	8	Without warning , an entire tree snaps at the base , screaming downward at the anticipating Link .
tr	11	A car sped past , its headlights washing us in colour before vanishing .
tr	5	Lightly , quickly , at double the " safe " rate , he went up the strips .
tr	6	" These people are insane , " said Jacob .
tr	9	" You 're not going wearing those goofy shorts , are you ? "
tr	10	He began strumming his lute to the sound of the song " Fell Winter . "
tr	9	You put your boat into the river of life and you start paddling upstream .
tr	7	But seeing them there was quite a shock .
tr	9	But as it was a town with only one timetable , I thought I 'd find her fairly quickly .
tr	7	" Helm , slave your controls to the major 's terminal . "
tr	5	A diner , a souvenir shop and a small convenience store .
tr	6	" Mississippi , Mekong , Zambezi , Saladin and the Hermann are all firing .
tr	8	At that moment the demonic transformer disintegrated before everyone 's eyes and disappeared .
tr	7	Only the curve of her breasts was clearly visible , the white swell of them half submerged .
tr	7	Parnell stood and reached for his coat ; the other three men came to their feet .
tr	7	By the end of the following day the firm made more than a hundred million euros for its principals .
tr	8	" Sounds like they fell down . "
tr	8	They 're headed for the stone cottage and the entrance to the caves .
tr	5	" Fine , fine , " he said .
tr	8	Please , let her believe the lie .
tr	11	" Oh I think he knew , I just don 't think he knew who it was . "
tr	9	Your shirt alone is worth more than what most people here earn in a month !
tr	6	He wasn 't bleeding but there was a bump there and it itched .
tr	8	An intelligence operator would integrate the information and release it for general use .
tr	11	We need to get to the bottom of this . '
tr	6	She kisses his head and cheeks and his filthy hair and finally , his mouth .
tr	9	" You gave up on both of us , " Jason accuses pointing a finger at her .
tr	11	Chapter 9 Surge The first part of the plan was to attract attention .
tr	8	" There 's that smell again !
tr	10	" I write everything I do in it . "
tr	9	She stood and led the girl away from the yawning gap and back into the castle .
tr	9	The team had a telepath attached to them , call sign Echo .
tr	6	' Yeah , but it 's their last day here , ' he says , breathless from the kiss .
tr	6	Lady Orla shot him an icy stare through the eye slits in her visor .
tr	8	This along with government mandates set them on the road of decline .
tr	11	" Wouldn 't you like to see what 's inside ? "
tr	9	He was just glad she was there .
tr	8	Or was it because he just hadn 't been thinking ?
tr	5	This evening we face our gravest dangers yet . "
tr	5	And truly it was , all else aside .
tr	10	He banged his fist down on the arm of chair in frustration .
tr	6	A blonde , maybe her friend or two , and as much blow as I could get my hands on .
tr	9	An outdated set of golden armor hangs upon his ghostly form , broken and tarnished beyond repair .
tr	5	" Good morning to you , too , " he said easily .
tr	8	He thought of Jennie lying upstairs ... .
tr	6	" Then I 'm done here . "
tr	5	Despite the rundown brick building , the lacy curtains screamed feminine and delicate .
tr	8	There is no aura around him , no dance of emotion , no churning cloud of life .
tr	9	Neil closed his eyes again , not daring to hope .
tr	7	He swings his legs out of the bed and stands on the smooth wooden floor .
tr	8	she said , leaning back against the wall .
tr	11	" But it doesn 't look like you have much of a choice .
tr	8	" I 've never seen so much blood in my life , " Gabe whispers .
tr	7	These young men deserve more than a butcher or a charlatan .
tr	11	Hiro wasn 't sure what to say to that .
tr	9	You goin ' to practice after school ? "
tr	10	Her gaze slid to Jansen to see him watching her .
tr	7	I caught the limp body and lowered it quietly to the ground .
tr	7	Feeding will lower the flames , but it will never extinguish them entirely . "
tr	9	" It made a pleasant trip , having you youngsters along .
tr	10	I 'd like him to come and it 's quite a while since he was in England .
tr	9	It was mere coincidence due to the Squirrels ' colony proximity to the Snakes ' winter nest .
tr	7	You 've been so serious all weekend , I like you better this way . "
tr	11	Falconer immediately ordered all unnecessary power cut off , which included the positive pressure blowers .
tr	11	" I will stake my head upon it that we have slain them all .
tr	11	She was hopeful he would ask her out and always disappointed when he didn 't .
tr	8	" Are they expecting an attack from us over this ? "
tr	7	" Don 't mention it , " the boy replied .
tr	7	" Get me off this nag , " Lonnie muttered .
tr	11	" Seems to be taking it hard , " the ranger said .
tr	9	Black Scorpion was carried into town on a litter by four young boys .
tr	7	" I was talking about you . "
tr	10	I suspected that Minister Drake and Mr Gorn would never see eye to eye .
tr	9	They were all evidently rushing to get somewhere .
tr	6	After a moment , she walked around the longhouse to the separate fire hall .
tr	8	Wasn 't there something terribly important that he had forgotten ?
tr	9	The ride home gave me a chance to rest and recover some strength . "
tr	7	Suddenly one of them pulled his camel to a stop and flung his arm up in the air .
tr	6	" You sound a little jealous , Jimmy Boy , " Sarge said with a twinkle in his eye .
tr	8	Nothing really much to brag about , mother .
tr	8	" Let me be your lit candle lighting the way to undeniable victory ! "
tr	5	" Oh , sure , the government just loves me . "
tr	8	We will talk about it later , " said Waving Willow .
tr	9	It 's great to meet you .
tr	8	That feels better , at least now you can breath .
tr	6	Besides that , Amira still seemed tense from their disagreement at the high table .
tr	10	I thought I hadn 't said anything , " answered Ben .
tr	6	I got out of there . "
tr	5	" Best yet , the river turned -- first south , then southwest .
tr	8	I was awestruck by his eyes ; they were glowing in the dark .
tr	10	I started to hate seeing you .
tr	8	" Is Riki taking a nap ? "
tr	6	There on their wedding night , they entered a cabin and consummated their marriage .
tr	11	" I think he 's a bit nervous about the new manager coming on board .
tr	5	* * * * * My father woke me the next morning .
tr	8	I have another two months to wait , " Link added .
tr	5	" This Abby , gives you away . "
tr	5	The brothers were ready too .
tr	6	The chatter suddenly grew lower and died out completely .
tr	6	Each group therefore , only knew the codes for their own geographical domain .
tr	8	" Yeah , he brings people hope and stuff ... " " Wow . "
tr	7	' Whatever we 're doing , ' he said , ' We 'd better decide quickly .
tr	6	I didn 't dare move .
tr	9	Speaking past stiff lips , he said , " We 'll leave the matter to the warriors .
tr	9	" Hey , where have you been ? "
tr	10	New bait bags seems like they 're charmed there , eh ?
tr	9	They say the chemo will help , but they 're fighting the wrong battle .
tr	8	I will take care of it .
tr	6	" Someone from Wessex wishes me dead ? "
tr	11	Jeff realized he was quite hungry and headed into the galley .
tr	8	That 's when Jess came in .
tr	9	Best news I 've heard all year , " I said .
tr	10	" And anyone who is associated with us must bear that shame also . "
tr	11	asked Harold while pointing a thumb at the cooling body beside them .
tr	8	" That damn murdering gang leader is now in charge of everything .
tr	9	" Besides , there was already someone who holds my heart . "
tr	5	The following morning , before breakfast , Mr. Thompson brought up the subject again .
tr	6	His hands twitched nervously , his eyes met and just as quickly avoided her gaze .
tr	5	" And besides , it 's not a big deal . "
tr	9	I don 't want to die here .
tr	6	The inside of the ship was as unsurprising as any large and dusty warehouse .
tr	10	" I suppose you could say that , yes . "
tr	11	Dogs have evolved over many thousands of years alongside Man .
tr	8	" And to threaten you , so I could save you and earn your trust . "
tr	10	Who would want to destroy it ? "
tr	10	She pushed the latter aside , wincing at the thought of it .
tr	9	A Chelsea fan , he owned season tickets , and tried never to miss a home game .
tr	6	" How long till we get there ? "
tr	10	" I don 't think I like the sound of that , " said Ken Goodspeed .
tr	10	I 'd also like to talk to ... " Beau stopped suddenly and reddened .
tr	11	Matthew sat frozen in place , his heart thumping loudly in his ears .
tr	7	The people will not be with us in this fight .
tr	9	" Perhaps if you told me from the start ? "
tr	9	Despite his blasé attitude , he couldn 't help being as excited as Riki .
tr	6	At the front , they extend out by six inches from just behind the cockpit .
tr	7	No one else , " he concludes with a slow and deliberate tone .
tr	7	Usually , with Chelsea there , it was a close race , but today the girls just couldn 't keep up .
tr	8	" But what if I have to pee ? "
tr	8	" Watch your tongue Karsh or I will cut it out with your own knife . "
tr	7	Nod your head if you understand . "
tr	9	" Just spread the word , tell folks to keep an eye on it .
tr	8	" I wouldn 't worry about that , " he said .
tr	9	The vehicle was as unattractive on the inside as it was on the out .
tr	9	Candice remarked admiring the interior of the aircraft .
tr	7	I could find some answers and free my mom .
tr	8	" Will you help me ? "
tr	7	I held up a finger , quieting him .
tr	6	Half an hour and fifty pounds later they walked out of the tailor 's .
tr	9	' The information that the sample originated from you could 've been somewhere in his lab . '
tr	10	He knew there was no darkness like cave darkness .
tr	11	" but it is best if you reach some manner of control .
tr	11	Candice was glued to the windscreen for the duration of the trip to their new home .
tr	8	Hands tightened around her arms , and she could not wrench herself free .
tr	9	I hope they 're going bowling .
tr	9	Rafe chose to ignore his enjoyment and returned to the subject at hand .
tr	5	My wide eyes and raised eyebrows conveyed my intended message .
tr	8	They surrounded me with the sound of retractable batons .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes , Wounded Eagle and Red Talon strutted , showing off their collected scalps .
tr	10	I didn 't want to blend in with my environment . "
tr	9	She must take action or she would simply be overwhelmed with worries .
tr	10	He took a step closer and bent to examine the body .
tr	5	" Please don 't , " the tree giant spoke .
tr	8	What scares one of the Watchmen ?
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	6	With one last smile , she let herself out of the apartment .
tr	11	I need to contact the CDC in Perth and brief them on the situation .
tr	11	I forced a ' you 're welcome ' smile and then took a seat opposite the Public Representative .
tr	7	Gabriel was a godsend to Walter .
tr	11	We need every bit of intelligence we can gather if there really is a population present in the mountains .
tr	11	" Do you think she means you ? "
tr	7	" Frostbite and Sleet on rear security .
tr	9	We can 't just go in guns blazing and get ourselves killed . "
tr	7	He then turned and spoke to the other men and several moved off quickly .
tr	9	He would need all of his speed for the next and final , stage of his plan .
tr	10	Her eyes sparkled when she added , " I know all your secret places . "
tr	11	She had fifteen minutes left to get to Adam 's place .
tr	5	" Of course , my lady , " she said quietly .
tr	6	He pondered for a few seconds .
tr	9	We go on mind blowing dates all over the world .
tr	8	He had returned not ten minutes before , empty handed .
tr	7	" It is a peculiar sequence of events .
tr	9	Before they left , both men had to sit in the second room .
tr	9	Maria beamed a bright smile and called for one of the sales girls to come over .
tr	9	I want to see him afraid .
tr	9	Alex updated them as they reclaimed their spots on the blanket .
tr	10	Drops of rain on my parched tongue while two forbidden lakes sit before me .
tr	9	There was a moment of resistance and then the lock broke apart so suddenly that David nearly fell backwards .
tr	7	The Watchers had all refused her offer to Heal with odd looks .
tr	7	" Will be fine here with me , " Destro confirmed .
tr	5	" No , no whale , " Kenichi responded emphatically .
tr	10	I wasn 't surprise at all , but I didn 't think to take an umbrella or something .
tr	6	" You don 't know me , sir . "
tr	6	" It 's amazing , " she replied softly .
tr	6	And with that , the young man disappeared and melted into the crowd .
tr	10	the Vampire I 'd heard so much about but never met replied .
tr	6	Locking the cell once more , we moved quickly back up the hallway .
tr	9	He 's claiming it was you .
tr	8	' Want to check out the university ? '
tr	9	explained the Director of MI6 whilst staring into the soul of the young candidate .
tr	11	The two stared at each other unsure of where to begin .
tr	6	Once the dancing girls exited , a tall lanky man came out from a side curtain .
tr	8	How could she , a whore of evil , know such things ? "
tr	8	She sat back and took a long pull of her drink .
tr	6	" And with no top hat , " came a small addendum comment from behind her .
tr	8	As he climbed to his feet , flashing red and blue lights winked at him through the trees .
tr	10	At least there was no way that Lilith was coming back .
tr	10	I couldn 't make sense of their talk about Joseph though .
tr	8	Brazen 's friends were in gangs and most had been arrested at least once .
tr	6	John , my friend , they are all yours . "
tr	5	" Your young lieutenant also carries a heavy burden . "
tr	11	" Anything , " she stressed the word as though stretching it to encompass the universe .
tr	11	Chapter 10 -- Victory General Anderson had to get control of the situation .
tr	9	He went back to the others and told them what he had found .
tr	6	" They wouldn 't be afraid .
tr	10	" Mom , can I ride before dinner ? "
tr	8	The boys grabbed the sacks and poured the bread out on to the counter .
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	7	The evenings were still cool but the fire spread its warmth and scent through the room .
tr	8	Chapter Sixteen Negotiations Unlike the day before , Ted was up and moving long before dawn .
tr	9	Make sure you impress them . '
tr	6	Was it just an act of senseless violence ?
tr	8	" And how did I turn out ?
tr	7	I don 't know about Leeds or Ireland .
tr	6	" No , but it can 't be hard .
tr	9	' I 'm pretty sure it 's the latter . '
tr	11	And it looked now as if the captain was about to speak .
tr	8	He would have a splitting headache the next day from the casting , but it was his only choice .
tr	7	Eda 's muffled sobbing broke in on her inner musings , and she sank to the ground .
tr	10	He pulled the phone out of the leg pocket of his pants , glancing at the screen for ID .
tr	5	Was it actually a chapel , or just a concert venue these days ?
tr	7	On every hand , sovereign nations around him fell to his will , sometimes without even one shot fired .
tr	7	" What are you doing here Ares , don 't you have some innocent puppies to kick or something ? "
tr	8	" We 're getting a lot of important information . "
tr	9	His night vision was pretty good and he didn 't have any trouble going along .
tr	10	Mother tells me this is your job now and that you 've left AJC .
tr	10	" What does this have to do with me ?
tr	8	To his surprise , she gave him a faint smile but much larger than the previous ones he had seen .
tr	9	They giggled and agreed the idea made sense .
tr	10	She spoke lightly and there was even an inflection of amusement in her voice .
tr	10	he asked , straining to look around .
tr	8	He suddenly wished to never hear it again .
tr	11	most vehicles from the airport would be heading into downtown and Zone 1 of the city .
tr	10	There were broad gestures and swinging arms at some tables and quiet disagreement at others .
tr	9	" Let 's see if you can . "
tr	8	" What 's happening to me ? "
tr	8	You think I 'm deaf ? "
tr	7	' I don 't know the answer to that either . '
tr	5	" Yeah , " I say again .
tr	11	He had previously come into the lock to scout those things out while his men had prepared defensive positions above .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual events or locations or persons , living or dead or undead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	9	This entire forest is located above the remains of an old coal mine .
tr	6	It 's bloody exasperating ! "
tr	5	" Yes , Danny , something did , " her father answered .
tr	9	It looked like a combination bike lock , or the round dial on the door of a bank safe .
tr	5	" The dark blue velvet , the black , and that dark brown . "
tr	10	" I 'll have the rest of your cure ready shortly , " said Jacob .
tr	6	" Bloody Exiles , " the Prince muttered under his breath .
tr	7	There 's extra blankets in the closet . "
tr	6	It 's just -- " " I know , " he told her softly .
tr	10	" Well what do they do ? "
tr	5	Since , you be the only resident , there . "
tr	8	The Vampire blood keeping them alive is not like regular Human blood , it isn 't being produced by them .
tr	10	He paused a moment against a porch beam to clear the stars from his head and to get his bearings .
tr	11	" Want to go sit in my car ? "
tr	8	" Release me , " said the Prince , his voice snapping out like a whip .
tr	6	Of course , the price was right , too ; the owner had died and it was an estate sale . "
tr	8	she whispered , just to hear his voice .
tr	7	Alita felt the mist from the water spray off the wall and rolled back onto her feet .
tr	7	" I don 't really know much at all , " said the girl .
tr	10	I didn 't know they still made those , " said Jace .
tr	10	" Firstly we have to commend everyone for a job well done .
tr	9	Men I picked , trained , men I loved like family .
tr	6	Bron was on his knees beside him .
tr	10	No rationality involved , other than buttering the belief .
tr	7	His face was flushed from the cold .
tr	5	" And what is you name and rank please ? "
tr	8	Mac had to back away .
tr	10	I lean my head back to rest it against his chest , but he is gone .
tr	10	He smiled , " We make it different every time ; ham is just as good as chicken ! "
tr	9	I needed a walk so I will join you . "
tr	11	" Didn 't you say they got into trouble because they killed a Vampire ?
tr	9	A group of men were applauding the plane as it drew near .
tr	6	In the stories , the knights triumphed , but in the histories it was the dragons .
tr	11	" You wanted to know what happened , right ? "
tr	7	Now don 't be such a cry baby , " she said in a calming tone .
tr	11	" Umm , I think I 'm the only one entered in five events .
tr	10	" Who , you mean ? "
tr	8	" However , Shakespeare was wrong about that , " pondered Michael .
tr	11	He was twenty yards away when he offered the reins , saying , " For you . "
tr	8	I 'm so close to breaking .
tr	11	If he didn 't walk out of the café in the next minute , I 'd scream .
tr	8	The wound was turning red around the edges , showing infection .
tr	7	" Oh , Mana can do mind control , " Miriam said impatiently .
tr	7	" When you finally meet him , the question won 't even occur to you . "
tr	7	" We found an area with good sign , then searched out the resident band , exchanged greetings and gifts .
tr	10	Every man in a suit coat with a Bluetooth in his ear became a possible assassin .
tr	9	What did he say , " she asked , dying to know .
tr	10	' Nevertheless , I believe we will need them , start them moving Terry .
tr	9	Calvin presumed in the event of fire the other companies would empty through it .
tr	9	In one fluid motion , he spins off the wall and descends upon the boy with a vicious downward strike .
tr	11	Peace descended like a blanket of mist as they meandered through the grounds of the Shrine .
tr	10	He blinked , realizing the crash was over .
tr	8	We drove east along the Alps , past Munich and Salzburg , and reached our destination in the late evening .
tr	8	But each summer they would meet up either in Kyiv or Sofia and often went on holiday together by the seaside .
tr	7	Against four , if I am truly unlucky under the stars .
tr	10	" You search for it , you know where it is , yet you do not .
tr	5	" And one that , as a criminal mastermind , I have already considered .
tr	7	After untangling herself , she said , " Chris ?
tr	7	Now , he was inexplicably back at it again , but not for the U.S. Army .
tr	5	' It 's just a wasp , silly little thing ! '
tr	6	It did , a little more than a little , then relief , cool and soothing on her throat .
tr	6	Jack stared out the window , and Helen saw his shoulders sag .
tr	9	There was menace in his voice and Andy didn 't like the sound of it .
tr	6	A low rumble of approval erupted from its belly .
tr	5	BLOOD AND STONE The last shapeshifter has survived .
tr	6	Pale synthetic skin , crisp blue eyes , the finest linen suit -- it was a Sentient Class .
tr	11	She said she 'd give them up to the police if anything more happened .
tr	10	Let 's devise a plan to finish this and draw him out , " said Jacob .
tr	11	Soon Randy invited them to join him on the sofas with their acoustic instruments .
tr	8	Your bones are ... stronger than normal , " Lo says .
tr	7	Kenna removed a thick steel dagger at her side -- her only weapon -- and handed it to the guards .
tr	10	Falconer set up the small screen so everyone could see it and opened the briefcase .
tr	11	The blow caused by the old man 's tackle made Steve fall on top of Simon .
tr	10	These plants were dried and crushed and used to flavor many of the meats , stews and soups .
tr	10	" I am going to upload your AI 's memory file .
tr	7	During the holidays , if their mom was away , Jade made the morning snack and Kyle , the afternoon one .
tr	8	Russia as a nation was far too dangerous to exist .
tr	10	' We 've got to keep going . '
tr	8	But Billy could respect the old bastard for that much .
tr	8	They could hear a lot of noise deeper inside the castle now .
tr	9	" Nice to meet you too Mr Lovelock .
tr	8	The katana blocked the edge of his sword an inch from Victor 's neck .
tr	8	The inspiration to fight against all odds , against all pain , and against all sorrow .
tr	6	Francesca crosses her arms over her chest .
tr	11	Unfortunately , we have nothing to go on at this moment but speculation .
tr	8	No one in our history has the ability that he has . '
tr	8	She leaned over slightly to breathe down his neck .
tr	8	The moment they entered the prison wing , everything changed .
tr	9	" It 's just like you to underestimate someone .
tr	10	A terrible scream fills Jason 's mind , meant to evoke more fear .
tr	7	The huge blast door slowly cycled shut behind them .
tr	11	Some danced while others sat at the bar drinking cocktails .
tr	7	" So far the angels have kept themselves hidden .
tr	6	The vase within the box shattered with a musical tinkling beneath his giant metal fist .
tr	6	John came over and gave his mother a hug .
tr	8	The hibernation protected the family in the well chosen den .
tr	7	Their sexy dance was both fast and quick , then we ... I had some fun , " he chuckles .
tr	7	You had a nasty knock on your head . "
tr	10	He 'd always wanted me to get into the whole spy thing .
tr	6	A hundred yards out from the tunnel , Pilcher 's legs are finished and sweat pours down his face .
tr	9	I won 't touch your eggs no matter how hungry I get .
tr	9	Throughout the day and into the night , the two surgeons worked frantically to save the injured and the dying .
tr	10	She cried so loud that it drew everyone 's attention .
tr	11	" Ever been in one where you had brothers in the same unit ? "
tr	6	" No , " Gabe looks at me over his shoulder .
tr	10	Butch smiled at him in gratitude while Anderson tilted his head and looked back at Reggie with a knowing smile .
tr	8	I received a swift rib jab back followed by some hair pulling .
tr	10	~ A Note from the Author : Thanks for taking a chance on Swash !
tr	9	He wouldn 't come here unless they really needed the money .
tr	7	There were no signs of the dogs this morning though .
tr	11	By the looks of the distorted steel plates , rocket grenades had been used to force entry into the compound .
tr	10	He had seen many battlefields , and his share of death , but it never failed to sicken him .
tr	9	We secured the unconscious Hunters ' weapons and headed swiftly back up the stairs to the first floor of the mansion .
tr	8	His men turned and looked at him as if awaiting orders .
tr	7	He had grabbed a warm sweater for Taylor on his way out .
tr	6	" And he 's dead , " Jessica contributed .
tr	7	I shoved them on my face , but in the process I bent my nose backwards .
tr	11	He wore his Army dress uniform , which was covered in decorations , awards and badges .
tr	8	Claire stumbled and reached out instinctively for Josh 's arm .
tr	9	Nothing exists on earth other than this girl , with the wide open eyes , standing in front of him .
tr	8	The rest of the evening was spent planning the trip .
tr	10	' That 's not strictly within your jurisdiction now , is it ? '
tr	11	He looked at his two children who were browsing the shop .
tr	9	" What about the third ? "
tr	5	" Come on , " Gabe says .
tr	7	I paused , a wry smile crossing my lips .
tr	6	The mirrored hallway ... the smooth granite floor ... the polished wooden ceiling fans ... I knew this place .
tr	8	Uncle Jeff winked at Ricky and started shoveling the food in .
tr	10	Don 't touch the locals in public like that , " lectured Mark .
tr	9	Half this city would sell their own mothers for a sum like that . "
tr	8	Well , he had Merri Li of course but , in essence , he was alone . "
tr	7	Beyond it , the passageway curved to the right , and continued down .
tr	11	She owned the restaurant and was happy to cook their fish for them .
tr	7	Now the flames scattered over the tiled floor and licked up the receptionist 's desk .
tr	5	And so , for the second time tonight , our door gets a solid pounding .
tr	8	She was not mad , as a woman is amd .
tr	8	Sofia had come across horrendous things she was not aware of existing , a living nightmare , perhaps .
tr	5	" Ah , yes , just so , " responded Seguin .
tr	5	Small beady eyes , shining bright like lights ; one blue , the other green .
tr	5	" Yeah , well , the tables turned , " Kylie said .
tr	10	" You and shirts don 't seem to get along , " she said , handing Mark the shirt .
tr	10	What discoveries and inventions were made in this world and when .
tr	7	I was thinking about her words .
tr	11	" I 'm writing about how you aren 't really so bad , " Miriam said .
tr	6	Showing her warrant card they went in through the front door .
tr	7	She had a hoarse voice but with a special gently .
tr	11	I 'm sure his delay is something outside his control . "
tr	10	" I came to warn you , because if you go any further , you march to your doom . "
tr	9	" Deal with it cause I ain 't taking them off ! "
tr	9	They take it over stripping liquidity , laying off the workforce , selling assets and contracting its manufacturing overseas .
tr	7	His left , the hand holding the yellow cloth , dived between his legs .
tr	8	" Come on , there isn 't much daylight this far north at this time of year .
tr	8	You are not weak because you are grateful . "
tr	9	What 's going on with you two ?
tr	11	Apparently , it 's the location of the laboratory where they did their research . "
tr	10	Nathan didn 't see anyone , but felt like he was being watched .
tr	8	" I had no power to , my love .
tr	8	She was ready to go .
tr	8	Archie , I mean dad , got a bit of a shock when I turned up . "
tr	11	But then what was to be his next move ?
tr	5	" You remember him then ? "
tr	8	For the first time Roberto really looked at the man , three inches taller than himself .
tr	9	" How many times you going to practice that one line , anyway ?
tr	8	It sounds to me like Yin , Yang and Merri Li were whipping up on them . "
tr	10	She 's into withdrawal now and we neither have the skills or the time to deal with it .
tr	8	Please don 't be angry at me for this .
tr	9	Mariposa , still silent , seemed to Noah to absorb it all .
tr	5	But subsidiary companies and satellite buildings have some mortal employees . "
tr	6	Somewhere far off , something barked , perhaps a dog , or if not that , then a large bird .
tr	10	That 's what I call poetry in motion . '
tr	7	He bent her elbow to 90 degrees and then rotated her arm and shoulder inward towards her chest .
tr	8	Carter repeated his request without the slightest trace of emotion .
tr	6	I 'll catch you later . "
tr	11	Each carried four eggs slung in a pouch hung over their necks .
tr	8	Three skulls surrounded it , peering at Gunnar with hollow eyes .
tr	8	Noah accepted the food and then several more that Bump caught .
tr	9	We 'll cover a shopping trip once you get here . "
tr	10	Something he had patented as a young man was still bringing in money .
tr	7	" We are approaching the summer season , and we can already see the effect early on .
tr	11	She looked surprised I had noticed .
tr	6	After a restless night 's sleep , the morning of the Extravaganza and Operation Save Prisoner dawned .
tr	7	An image with Abby , and me came into my head .
tr	10	It will not be long until the time of the Green Corn Festival .
tr	8	Finally , I shoved the last one into a tiny crack in the sole of his sneaker .
tr	8	Yes , we will have a coffee roaster on board .
tr	11	Confused I continue to walk with no clear destination in mind .
tr	7	One of their own had built this thing , and it flew .
tr	6	I slide my fingers through my short hair .
tr	10	' I don 't need any thinking time let 's do it . '
tr	10	" One thing we have been really struggling with is healthy and wholesome food supply for the big cities .
tr	10	" That 's where I 've heard of Captain Stivers !
tr	6	Something glitters on the horizon .
tr	6	Then , a bomb went off in the royal palace .
tr	10	She blinked and turned her head towards Alejo , deep in discussion with his father .
tr	11	" It means another family has decided to stake a claim on our territory . "
tr	8	Each handed me half of the orange and sat across the room from each other .
tr	9	Turning around , he smiled and answered , " Umm ... my name is ... William .
tr	9	That made them feel like brothers .
tr	9	" Think she fancies herself in silk and satin ?
tr	10	Once that happens , our job is going to get very interesting , very fast . "
tr	9	The great laws of our lands speak of freedom for men and other folk .
tr	6	" Move back , sonny , out of the way . "
tr	9	" I 've been with them for months now .
tr	5	- I needed Teddy full time .
tr	6	" And when did you see him last ? "
tr	7	Layla could not focus on even these simple , pious gestures .
tr	6	With his eyes still closed , he felt a soft hand on his shoulder .
tr	9	It 's possible that the robots ' top leaders have a secret alternative bunker or even another city . "
tr	9	" Do you have a warrant , Mr. Bishop ? "
tr	7	It shows through her speeches , and even more so , it shows through her actions .
tr	6	Green fields , snowy mountains , the feel of water , the smell of autumn .
tr	8	When the Vampire blood runs its course and isn 't replaced they 'll die for real . "
tr	6	' I 'll live , ' said Reid gruffly .
tr	8	I cleared my throat in a judicial sort of way .
tr	9	" You are trying to save her . "
tr	7	Suddenly , the Old Wizard spoke again , " However , not all of them had been killed .
tr	8	Lowering their spears , the women mumble a greeting as the expressionless man passes by .
tr	8	Jan was the first to speak .
tr	8	When the remedy worked , his Lordship requested more of the medicine , and we obliged .
tr	8	Chapter 18 " Does Branden have some sort of medical condition ? "
tr	7	CHAPTER THIRTY The elevator bell sounded and the door opened on the lower level .
tr	9	The face disappeared as Sky climbed back down the ladder .
tr	10	" I can 't wait to see you guys again .
tr	9	" We have to catch that messenger and rescue Phillip . "
tr	7	Theodosia asked , putting down her cup and saucer .
tr	9	With Gema 's job he could easily have become a gentleman of leisure .
tr	8	Chapter 16 Barbara his is my sister , " Mr. Cantwell said , drawing the stranger forward .
tr	11	We continue past the pool to a large guest house set away from the rest of the property .
tr	10	He caught the wary glance I exchanged with Reid .
tr	6	Jim Stalin grinned his bright hero type grin and shook his head negatively .
tr	7	I have been in a helicopter . "
tr	11	But whereever his mom went , of course he would go too .
tr	5	" And g * y guys just watch g * y porn . "
tr	7	" Two men guarding the front , Rob ... the rest are in the building . "
tr	9	Dan how close are you to having your problems fixed ?
tr	6	The Chief shook his head sympathizing with the animals suffering from this condition .
tr	6	A couple of the guys were already starting their motorcycles .
tr	8	" You 've been drinking again , Mr. Jones ? "
tr	5	Come on , tell me . "
tr	10	" You know how to pursue a girl , " and giggled .
tr	5	" A wonderful idea , " she cooed .
tr	9	He was desperate to contain his rage .
tr	11	She didn 't know what to think about it .
tr	10	I 've got six fire teams with me and our personal gear but no mortars or heavy weapons . "
tr	7	You 've broken Bolivian law and , I assume , have people from your organization after you .
tr	7	In fact , we wouldn ' dream of leavin ' without ya . "
tr	7	But at that moment the other screams stopped and Noelle grabbed his arms and pulled .
tr	7	" Now , or I 'll start cutting .
tr	7	Her thoughts betrayed her and the idea of confession seemed more and more reasonable notion than before .
tr	9	The lounge was done up with heavy , baronial furnishings to match the Jacobean exterior .
tr	9	I 'm going to take the chopper .
tr	7	A short bridge of wood and rope connects a small gap in the roadway .
tr	8	The Firstborn was their leader , appointed by the Empress .
tr	7	Aside from some petty cash , none of us had any anything of value .
tr	10	But a guy like you who couldn 't fly a freaking Cessna 150 wouldn 't know that .
tr	6	He said , with a sneaky smile on his face .
tr	6	" Remember this , it 's important .
tr	7	She looked me very amazed but scared in the same time .
tr	8	" Let 's see your lover 's homeland ! "
tr	6	Afterwards , she and Preston celebrated her 2,000 th flying hour with champagne and shrimp at a local restaurant .
tr	8	He felt his muscles at the back of his neck tighten .
tr	10	We led the king up the steps , and the guards split off to form a circle around the base .
tr	8	organize the extraction when you 're ready .
tr	7	" My boy friend is waiting for me in his car . "
tr	9	We expect to die in it .
tr	11	There are men who are identified too closely with death .
tr	8	The girl took an involuntary step back , watching him with superstitious horror and awe .
tr	9	" Did Aimee tell you where she was headed today ? "
tr	10	I sincerely hope that the ongoing search for my body is not cause for continual distraction .
tr	11	He looked back at Zoe , who was standing up .
tr	10	Please get your deserters to desert as soon as possible . '
tr	10	He looked back toward the direction they 'd come .
tr	5	Raindrops beaded and ran off the waxy , transparent membranes .
tr	8	Her bodice clung to the small frame in the latest fashion .
tr	8	Kurt rubbed his right eye , halting a stray tear in its tracks .
tr	7	He watched her eyes carefully and grinned at her through broken teeth .
tr	10	Failing that , you have failed in your duty as far as I am concerned .
tr	8	" He is the ruler of our islands , " he replied .
tr	5	Pierre , his second-in-command , asked .
tr	9	I said as I walked closer to her .
tr	8	She had had a lot more contact with Scott .
tr	9	He shook his head but she could see he finally agreed .
tr	6	Meanwhile Lilly Ann was besides herself from joy and excitement .
tr	8	Mike was the first to speak .
tr	8	Miriam asked , sitting down and picking up her knife .
tr	9	The device was a trap for catching bullets .
tr	8	" So we 've already lost the element of surprise ? "
tr	5	" From the man , " the handsome bar tender shouted right back .
tr	6	" Are you okay ? "
tr	6	" Shut the door , " advised Valerian .
tr	6	A diminutive figure appeared out of the pine trees close by .
tr	7	" I 'm -- " he forced a chuckle , " history !
tr	8	The Imam stared at Ali , still waiting for an explanation .
tr	11	It was like trying to drown a cork .
tr	6	" Rise and shine , oh great one , " he said .
tr	8	" That 's what they call themselves .
tr	7	" I was bored , so I stopped listening . "
tr	8	" Have I not always said that he were a devious knave ? "
tr	7	In his short life he had already moved to three different countries .
tr	11	Paul had taken the opportunity to head back to Boise .
tr	5	" Well , you do , you know ! " "
tr	5	" Even so , that is quite close enough . "
tr	8	" Yes , and it 's actually the norm for these guys . "
tr	5	" But I go back and forth all the time .
tr	8	He had to think , what was happening here ?
tr	9	Ted stooped down and hooked his fingers under the bottom edge of the door .
tr	11	It would take them hours to move underground to Clapham North . '
tr	9	His left arm was in a sling and I could see the outline of dressings beneath his shirt .
tr	9	" Breakfast is almost ready and I have a lot of work to do today .
tr	6	" They 're in danger . "
tr	10	Let 's see what the First Council has for us . '
tr	11	He felt certain now that a conflict was coming , and he wanted to be ready when it did .
tr	10	We saw you were talking so we -- " " We ? "
tr	10	She had to know what happened .
tr	9	What if they hadn 't made it to the border ?
tr	7	And she comforted him , his head on her shoulder .
tr	8	' So , we looking at this data or what ? '
tr	10	A promise we need to keep . "
tr	6	Would anything distract him from his mission ?
tr	7	" We should continue moving . "
tr	6	He nodded and grabbed Debbie , Kyle , and Sydney , and ran .
tr	10	William will not want to do this , but they will make him . "
tr	7	" I can 't refute that , " I said , " but some things should not be given .
tr	8	When the boys got to the agreed place their mothers were waiting for them .
tr	9	Except I was still handcuffed to the bed .
tr	7	Seconds later , the vehicles sped off into the night and headed west across the city .
tr	10	As we drew closer to the city , the tension inside the vehicle we travelled in rose palpably .
tr	10	I 'm wondering what happened in Kilmer .
tr	6	I Stood At The Bottom Of A Hole A Hundred Feet Deep And Pumped Water .
tr	11	Chase noticed her uneasiness as he lay his back on the rigid limb of the tree .
tr	6	They are , ' she acknowledged with a chuckle .
tr	6	The bath was wonderful and Enrico is very good . "
tr	8	Should be home in thirty minutes or so . "
tr	11	Do you think that system worked ? "
tr	9	He thinks of Garo 's warning , and Din 's subtle proclamation of change .
tr	9	The fuzzy feeling in his head was replaced with the sharp , cold feeling of a well-honed razor .
tr	11	How will he make Zinger pay for what he did ?
tr	7	When the old Buffalo Soldier turned back , he had his revolving rifle in his hand .
tr	7	I can 't do it properly , but enough to show you . "
tr	7	" Timmy , Andrew , have a shower and off to bed now please . "
tr	8	" By all means , " he said , striding forward and grasping the delicate thing .
tr	10	The mane was white and framed a very dark brown face while the body and tail were a gray tone .
tr	10	Our sabers were close at hand too if it came to that .
tr	10	Everyone has choices to make in life .
tr	9	I thought he only drank coffee and water " , stated Simon jokingly .
tr	7	Between the efforts of both infected and uninfected humans , the dogs were almost completely eradicated .
tr	8	Ordinarily I 'm a complete fool , but I 've had a good week , " the Captain laughed .
tr	10	David felt bad for the men but shot them both anyway and kept moving .
tr	10	His mother had already informed him that she had not bought him any presents .
tr	6	Logan and I raised our own pistols and shot back .
tr	7	Suspect is on foot and may be armed . '
tr	10	Amy had responded well to regular exercise and suspected she might outpace Danny .
tr	7	" Mine was eight years ago , I think . "
tr	8	And there 's something even more wrong with my hands .
tr	9	" Now let 's get going . "
tr	6	My voice rang out loud and clear .
tr	6	But she would probably never find out .
tr	5	First , the red face , then the blisters , then the peeling skin .
tr	8	He opens the channel to his other gunships and screams into his microphone , " Break , Break , Break !
tr	9	" But I just can 't wait to catch a darling little crab ! "
tr	11	The man who wants to see you is a believer as well , your brother .
tr	10	I could tell he was enjoying this .
tr	10	It seemed they had stopped at a station .
tr	8	" One hundred and thirty five Bird years Sir , " replied Bird Tired Heron , starting to tremble .
tr	9	" She 's new to Big Brothers and Big Sisters , so we 're teaching her the ropes . "
tr	10	Plans were in place and equipment was arriving to set up a temporary power plant .
tr	10	Her haughty pride reminded him he was staring like a dolt .
tr	8	Ratty clothes dripped off her frame like fallen tears , and her face was a valley of cracks and fissures .
tr	8	" I 'm trusting you with my life right now , " Gabe says softly .
tr	8	Somehow , I wanted to save him .
tr	11	He was losing her to fears that were understandable but unfounded .
tr	5	" What was that big flash ? "
tr	8	" Oh , is that how you got me ? "
tr	6	At last , as his eyes adjusted , he saw the old Viking warrior standing by his weapons chest .
tr	7	The hooded figure stepped out of the golden throne and headed to the Potion Chamber .
tr	9	" I had him lowered by two inches , " replied William .
tr	7	How many times had she viewed these fields from the fort ?
tr	6	After an awkward silence , however , Jon had still said nothing .
tr	5	" Wilhelm , please ... " " Don 't beg me , Claire .
tr	6	Within the hour the table was set and dinner was almost ready .
tr	6	If needed , the afternoon , back to school , he was in the store and even in the summer .
tr	8	Not so much at first , but later . "
tr	5	" No problem , Colonel Taylor , " said Anderson .
tr	9	When she opened them again , I could see the answer to my question in their green depths .
tr	5	" Nothing yet , you mean , " Chuck answered .
tr	6	Mr. Clancy and I must confess , we can go no further . "
tr	9	Inadvertently catching the blade between his forearms , Rift scissors them apart , breaking the steel blade in two effortlessly .
tr	9	The sisters and the rest of the passengers on board breathed a big sigh of relief .
tr	8	There was nothing to say .
tr	9	One of them pointed toward Tommy 's hideout and the other two looked quickly .
tr	7	" Please let me find Seamus .
tr	11	The mountain flattened out to reveal a vast rocky plateau covered with boulders and debris .
tr	9	Do you want it ? "
tr	7	The Prince reached for it , turned it , pushed the door in , and was through .
tr	11	Simon demanded , trying to tame his own hair at the mirror .
tr	11	Mirai 's shouted questions formed only a muted buzzing at the back of his mind .
tr	7	My mysterious masked man bowed to me and retreated outside for some fresh air .
tr	7	" Our bodies will need certain additional foods , minerals and vitamins .
tr	8	" If I left the watchtower unmanned , I would be a poor marcher lord indeed . "
tr	5	" At heart , in your soul , you are still the same .
tr	11	She pulled a set of keys from her pocket and remotely unlocked the doors .
tr	6	The absurdity of that statement , all things considered , hit them both at the same time .
tr	11	You will be free to transform at will .
tr	11	He said he got your father to talk . "
tr	7	If it hadn 't , then the bunker would be intact and its garrison fully alert .
tr	9	Leo managed to groan between gasps .
tr	9	By now the truck had passed by and I saw its red tail lights receding in my mirror .
tr	6	You made it , " said Cade with a smile .
tr	7	Strangely enough this silence had the effect of inspiring admiration in female hearts .
tr	7	" I 'm not afraid of danger .
tr	7	The enemy was heavily armed but this fact didn 't deter the Sphinx .
tr	7	Now , please help me with the luggage . "
tr	8	He pressed his face up against the window , cupping his hands around his eyes .
tr	10	I can see the organism is charging electrical power .
tr	10	Jimmy noticed there were hands on her shoulders .
tr	9	The main viewing terminal sprang to life showing a detailed schematic of a Trojan Device .
tr	11	" I 'm afraid he has some disturbing news for us . "
tr	9	She thinks you 'd reject her . '
tr	9	I want you to meet somebody , " Stacy said .
tr	6	Now , with more than one real contender , she would devise new strategies , shake them all up .
tr	10	Completely helpless to break his fall , Drew fell on his face to the ground .
tr	9	What could have happened to him ?
tr	11	The wait stretched her nerves until she felt she might snap .
tr	8	The guards there all had that same diamond medallion pinned to their breast .
tr	5	Lord Nemesis said , a slight smile curled his weathered lips .
tr	9	He pushed himself up into a kneeling position over the little twerp 's prostrate form .
tr	7	He explained many things to the boys and recounted many wise allegories and teachings from the ancient prophets .
tr	5	" I 'll go . "
tr	8	Valerian 's tongue clove to the roof of his mouth .
tr	11	I believe he may have been captured , " Hank said succinctly .
tr	11	" This burger 's going to get eaten ... for justice . "
tr	11	" How can you hope such a thing when I am betrothed to you ? "
tr	11	We 've been asking ourselves why Church sends a missionary at just this time .
tr	8	Still , when they all went their separate ways in a few months , Josie would miss them .
tr	9	So , David and his platoon volunteered to go north and Captain Carter accepted without another word .
tr	8	Lord Henrik said , looking at Gunnar .
tr	8	He has spent many years in amateur and professional bands and has decades of music industry experience .
tr	10	She shakes off the need for details , realizing there is no time .
tr	9	The village chieftain traditionally had larger quarters than the rest of the villagers with additional rooms for close family .
tr	9	And a boy with a hole in his head was lying where a fast-talking murderer had just stood .
tr	10	Jess had been briefed on them as part of the weekly intelligence roundup .
tr	9	Right now they are mainly tooled to produce hunting shotguns .
tr	9	Connie said , " Be nice she saved my life . "
tr	10	It can be hard to gauge sometimes .
tr	10	But I was , which was what mattered .
tr	10	We are at the center of a secret organization within the Church .
tr	7	But no , when General Santa Anna had arrived , they had all turned around and headed north yet again .
tr	9	They certainly wouldn 't last another month in the dry , consistent heat .
tr	6	" So , that 's their ready ammunition , " Parnell said .
tr	9	She eyed him sideways , but he just sat there with that Zen-like tranquility , meditating on nature .
tr	8	A dark figure stood behind Furnace in the hall , obscured by the shadows .
tr	7	This last was directed at the piteous Mercedes .
tr	10	" Looks like you 'll be flying commercial .
tr	8	He pointed to the blue symbol to the left of the alien site .
tr	5	Seconds later , the rope went slack .
tr	10	Once we had driven over the bridge past Sleaford 's train station , I relaxed a little .
tr	9	It 's going to be amazing . "
tr	10	" There was an attempt to take the ship hostage , an airborne raid had been planned .
tr	7	Purple blushes all around him .
tr	9	Instantly , the members of the family all began to speak at once .
tr	6	Her face was flushed and nervous , but her eyes radiated kindness .
tr	8	" These should make for a fine stew tomorrow , " he commented as they finished up .
tr	11	No one harbored any notions that the cave could be made livable .
tr	7	" Hands on the desk , sir , " the marine ordered .
tr	8	" Well he is ... " she hesitated , looking down .
tr	11	I think I saw him fall down . "
tr	9	She felt the stab of pain as she lifted herself onto her crab jointed legs .
tr	8	Kidnapping Neela from such a nest of liars and murderers was no crime .
tr	7	He got to his feet and gazed out the window , thinking hard .
tr	10	" It has grown exceedingly expensive to replace it . "
tr	6	" Not any more , he doesn 't , " he answered his brother .
tr	10	" I think it 's a good idea , Ben , " said William .
tr	8	Her breath came in gusty gulps , her blows began to fall erratically .
tr	8	" I have already taken command of his men . "
tr	10	It was difficult to see anything out his eye .
tr	11	From the very first moment he saw her , he knew they were meant to meet .
tr	9	Do you have keys ? "
tr	5	The Saunders Sports Center - almost triple S , wouldn 't you say ? "
tr	8	" Have you been on watch all night ? "
tr	9	Like I said I really wouldn 't like to take her on . "
tr	10	" We would do well to keep from sight .
tr	5	" Sk ' lar , I need you . "
tr	11	I was glad to be out of there .
tr	9	Despite all of his shortcomings , she wants to be with him .
tr	6	For all those changes , all that upheaval , what else was there , but to do ?
tr	5	" But in other ways , the ways that matter , no .
tr	8	Blood oozed from a jagged , gaping wound on his grimy forehead .
tr	10	I didn 't want to let her go .
tr	8	" Three sir , cutting through everything ! "
tr	7	I flashed a little out to her .
tr	9	I couldn 't fathom how this was possible .
tr	9	She could see that his chest was healed .
tr	7	" Why am I not dealing with ... ? "
tr	9	One of them started yelling , " It 's Geronimo !
tr	9	If you 're coming with us , go to the armory .
tr	9	" They won 't thank me if you 're too late . "
tr	7	Twenty meters behind them , Reaper and Wry guarded their rear .
tr	11	Nothing happened when he tried to lift the sash .
tr	5	' Number nineteen , thirty-two and eight , ' said the blond woman .
tr	10	" They maybe we should just keep moving .
tr	10	But she told her that it all must just have been a wrong number .
tr	8	" Well , we can 't go back to the office and Bloody Mary 's is out . "
tr	7	" I 'm not afraid of you ! "
tr	8	All the neighbors were going about their regular business , but there wasn 't a human in sight .
tr	9	That 's how I 'm trained , " Tori said and smiled .
tr	5	" Then what is this about ?
tr	11	" I try to avoid using it unless I 'm outnumbered .
tr	10	" Nice to see you people too , " said Dick , " thanks for inviting me .
tr	10	She had to be forty five but didn 't look a day over thirty .
tr	7	We have to pay . "
tr	6	" Yes , " said Ted and Miriam at the same time , amusing her .
tr	8	" What do you want to know ? "
tr	7	" I do stuff like that too , and I don 't have your excuse .
tr	10	You and your crew are to be arrested and your vessel impounded , " Beverly replies cheerfully .
tr	11	For the first time , from when I came in Greece , I wanted to make Laurence a visit .
tr	5	The players often also scored their next ' targets ' over there as well . "
tr	8	No xxx 's , LOLs or anything else on either side .
tr	7	On this particular evening there was almost no traffic at all coming and going through the gate .
tr	10	" There 's no question it 's Callahan , Robbie .
tr	7	" I doubt it , boy , " Harald said .
tr	9	Claire felt as if she 'd stepped off a curb .
tr	7	If she can intervene , so can I , " Din responds , her voice intimidating , yet calm .
tr	6	All of a sudden he was there , looming behind her , reaching over her shoulder for Pleasure 's bridle .
tr	9	I would like to know it . "
tr	11	The pair made a quick exit , wasting no time in racing their way out of the laboratory .
tr	7	I have friends among them .
tr	7	A shadow fell over us and a familiar voice tickled my ears .
tr	11	He carefully drew the dashes and dots and noted the pattern in which they were laid out .
tr	6	An ugly cut leaks blood and fluids down her right cheek .
tr	10	" There , " Mai exclaims , not trying to hide her excitement .
tr	7	" I ordered the bloody thing almost a year ago and it only turned up the other day .
tr	11	In every shadow the one lurked , biding his time until ... one less Wolf .
tr	6	" Come here , my boy , " he said one day with a gleam in his eye .
tr	11	" ' Tis possible that I will ache later .
tr	8	She took out a black semi automatic hand gun , two pairs of ear protection and a pair of shooting glasses .
tr	7	He heard muffled laughter and soft voices occasionally from other men down in the mess .
tr	8	On the other side of the checkpoint , he stopped to put his shoes back on .
tr	10	" I have revealed so much , but you ; you have told me nothing at all . "
tr	9	The boss turned out to be a most interesting person .
tr	11	He fought a bit to get the cufflinks working correctly .
tr	8	" For what you 've been throw .
tr	9	He didn 't get an answer but heard the paper bags being pulled out .
tr	6	Several days after I last wrote , the Queen summoned me to her chamber after dinner .
tr	6	Abby , this is Miz Mina Priestly , Miz Vera Simpson , Miz Kathryn Nantucket , and Miz Sadie Thomas .
tr	5	" Oh , Christ , Rani , " Tyler had muttered .
tr	5	" Mr. Douglas and Mr. McDougal , " the weary sergeant addressed them .
tr	10	" So are you with Billy most of the time ? "
tr	9	It was the Lady Grace that was moving .
tr	10	said Bahl Bazaar who was breathing heavy .
tr	7	He never heard her whisper , " Fox , you bloodthirsty idiot , you could have ruined everything .
tr	11	She looked and saw him watching her with a questioning look on his face .
tr	5	Then , against her better judgment , she whispered , " All right .
tr	6	If his plan worked , the inside corner of the loading docks would make a perfect trap .
tr	10	Over three thousand megawatts , to be precise .
tr	6	" In those days we were a very small group .
tr	10	The man lowered his hood , and they realized it was not a man at all .
tr	10	It was like there was some force holding us off . "
tr	8	As I waited for his answer , I allowed myself a brief daydream .
tr	11	He could see wisps of vapor rising up from the bucket in the cool morning air .
tr	7	They went up to the attic , but something wasn 't the same as the last night .
tr	8	If you would follow me , please . "
tr	7	Wouldn 't stay for the meeting .
tr	10	Your world developed at such a remarkable rate , far quicker than we could have ever imagined .
tr	5	Plan ' B ' , use English .
tr	7	With a beat of its enormous wings , the dragon leapt up into the sky and flew away .
tr	9	She watched in horror as the orange peels fell to the ground one by one .
tr	8	When awarded a silver trophy cup with two golden scorpions on it .
tr	10	Too many were of a similar size and shape and appeared to have unusually squared corners .
tr	7	I skidded to a halt on the muddy , leaf covered ground and stumbled back towards him .
tr	8	Connie was up by this time and asked .
tr	9	Sofia pictured out the forest , of what it looks like .
tr	7	Does she really want the truth or is this the standard ' pat on the head ' visit ?
tr	6	" That 's a terrible idea , " Rift moans sarcastically .
tr	9	Jodie snapped as she slung the water out of her glossy hair at Alex with a playful grin on her face .
tr	7	There were hundreds of them !
tr	9	" Strong of blade and firm of hilt , there are no finer . "
tr	9	My gaze shifted to the truck a few hundred feet in front of us .
tr	5	The X1 , the processing chamber , and everything else in that pounding reality .
tr	9	Getting out of the water was impossible before he got to them .
tr	8	As his gaze locked with Claire 's the clean-shaven face broke into a smile .
tr	10	" You are impossible to wake up , you know that ? "
tr	6	" About six months ago , " Raiden replies with dispassionate eyes .
tr	9	Now I have to rewrite this entire thing , " she yelled .
tr	11	It is unheard of and in light of my sighting evil seems to be afoot . "
tr	7	I manoeuvred the Cruiser into the nighttime traffic and glanced at him .
tr	7	Someone was on his or her way , maybe to the sea .
tr	9	They demanded my car and were gone for about two hours .
tr	6	The first lip of sun edges up from the darkness .
tr	9	My eyes were immediately drawn to one on the bottom right of the monitor .
tr	6	Both he and Raphael kissed her and wishing her Happy New Year .
tr	6	You boys back in town , eh ?
tr	8	Obviously enraged , the patriarch charges again only to meet the same end .
tr	8	" They 're talking about a tunnel , " she said .
tr	9	Stop being afraid of me .
tr	6	" I turned them out , " he said .
tr	11	That 's how it 's going to work . "
tr	6	Gabe 's muffled voice calls on the other end .
tr	9	The horror started to install in me faster then ever .
tr	7	She only saw more pine trees and leafless oaks and maples .
tr	7	We 'd walked into a perplexing room .
tr	7	He raised his arms , and the room fell silent in an instant .
tr	8	Things did not work out that way , he knew from experience , so what was this about ?
tr	6	" Well , this room is much quieter than out on the main floor . "
tr	10	' So -- what 's been going on with you two ?
tr	7	He 'd seen him before .
tr	10	- If you want to kill me , please .
tr	8	I was being a perfect gentleman , " Ted protested indignantly , but not very convincingly .
tr	9	In 1995 , they quietly resigned from the agency and moved to Montana with their three year old son .
tr	6	Hobbit was another highly experienced mortar NCO from the same unit .
tr	5	Overall , his spy network worked well and efficiently .
tr	11	" Do you know which way to go ? "
tr	10	They found a ruins with huge boulders , suitable to spend the night .
tr	9	" Do tell , " Colors encouraged as he dug into his salad .
tr	10	He withdrew the hidden weapons from his clothing and rushed to meet the king 's defender .
tr	8	It puts a kink in the UN 's main excuse for dominating the planet .
tr	9	She had heard the same stories her whole life and found nothing new in the retelling of them .
tr	11	Another distant structure prompts him to attempt a portal , but Mai finds herself unable to complete the request .
tr	11	She had nothing to compare to Kim 's supposedly sure thing .
tr	8	Trying to catch us out .
tr	10	Darkness had finally come and the snows were raging now , reducing the visibility to near whiteout conditions .
tr	11	The daggers were closest to the door , followed by the short swords and long swords .
tr	10	Her grandmother 's cottage was abandoned , the neighbor warned me to stay away , and I had no leads .
tr	5	His salary for the next few months .
tr	9	They can keep the camp pinned down or at least hiding in the house .
tr	7	Drawn into the story , Link listens with a much more captivated expression as the apparition continues .
tr	5	I leap over the railing .
tr	6	" You work for the company as well ? "
tr	7	Without a word VIN wrote out the check and gave it to the man .
tr	8	The last girl he showed an interest in was three years ago .
tr	8	' I know what you mean , ' said Reid .
tr	7	He flipped it over on the newsstand counter and grabbed a pen from the counter .
tr	6	" Yeah , but , well ... " Joe slammed down his beer with a loud thud .
tr	5	And then , very clearly , very matter-of-factly , he said , " Leo .
tr	10	Struggling to both find his feet and some measure of air Camden tried to roll aside .
tr	8	Thought you 'd get a chuckle out of that , Dad .
tr	7	Another pause , then I sat on my bed , leaned back and put my head on the pillow .
tr	10	Josie helped Jimmy set out the rest of the food .
tr	9	" But I think it 'll be all right . "
tr	9	Let 's hope it never comes to that .
tr	8	A huge pillar of smoke erupts from the surface of the desert .
tr	7	I pulled out another canister and tossed it in the room .
tr	9	She said , " GW Collins , do declare , I believe I detect just a hint of jealousy . "
tr	7	Riki turned her face up to his and raised her eyebrows .
tr	6	He put the block with the fist impression on the table .
tr	8	Claire felt the blood heating in her veins , surging up her neck to her face .
tr	7	From the higher elevation , the views we saw were just similar to the views from the space shuttle .
tr	10	Cassie twists trying to struggle free .
tr	10	Scott looked up to see a massive black bear on his hind legs less than twenty feet ahead .
tr	6	But no sign of Mom .
tr	6	" Wait a minute , " Tommy began , but the old woman was fast .
tr	8	True to his word , the guard opened fire , sending an arrow streaking toward Durham .
tr	5	The bowl , the bells , the candles , the sacred knife , and the cauldron .
tr	8	The woman leant against the wall and dried her hands on the tea towel she was holding .
tr	7	She reached over and drew him to her .
tr	10	He was afraid to pursue why .
tr	7	I heard a car outside my window and felt an old familiar presence in my mind .
tr	11	I swear I just want to help you . "
tr	7	He held out his hand and Jessica deposited the crystal in it .
tr	10	I tried to go to sleep .
tr	6	" Mommy is still sleeping too . "
tr	11	Akane asked if she was here to challenge Ranma .
tr	8	He got it to the bank and ran a stringer of bone and sinew through its lower lip .
tr	8	It was tough at first , tougher than I expected .
tr	6	" To the world , while your mama watches , cries , and prays . "
tr	11	I wouldn 't want to fight any of them .
tr	7	" Damned if I know .
tr	11	Listen to what he had to say ?
tr	8	" Follow me , " she said , " let 's take a walk . "
tr	6	If you do not , the Dead Tree will never allow you within . "
tr	10	Zelda asks , waiting for him to emerge .
tr	8	She nodded that he was correct .
tr	8	Ted grasped the shaft of the bolt and pulled as hard as he could .
tr	8	The empty streets feel foreign to her , the town always bursting with activity throughout her memories .
tr	10	The water was rushing through to the rivers on the other side .
tr	10	" Make sure she 's tied up good .
tr	10	There was something different about her now that she was no longer buried in the sand .
tr	5	" Maybe not , " he said .
tr	8	She just finished her freshman year at college and she 's the nicest one of the five maids .
tr	6	Tee hee hee ... Musical , joyful and pleasant , something heart-warming in other circumstances .
tr	7	Shimmering folds of air , water , fire , sound , and heat withdrew back into their creators .
tr	8	They remained angry for a very long time when they chased their enemy .
tr	8	He turned from the board to face the group .
tr	8	While Scott was debating his next move a blonde head appeared from behind the bear .
tr	10	He was from Customs ( with a capital C ) , and didn 't we just know it .
tr	5	" For a pirate you are very romantic . "
tr	7	" Ok , you can take me back now , " she called sadly .
tr	11	You are the pilots who will fly us into space .
tr	9	" Robbie , I know I mentioned this before , but now I want to stress .
tr	6	Backing away quickly , she blew her nose ferociously .
tr	6	It is a Dead World , after all , " Brontes replied to his new friend .
tr	5	" And as a thief , she 'll hang . "
tr	9	" What is that volcano , the one with the buildings and parking lots in it ? "
tr	9	The one that tutored me in Math too , " Tori said .
tr	8	He glanced down a minute later and the old woman was sat on the bunk again .
tr	6	A short while later they sat at an outdoor table at Left Bank .
tr	9	The same type of beers you guys cleaned out of our car a couple of days ago , " Jonesy added .
tr	9	" You need to lighten up , girlfriend , " Lance advises .
tr	8	" If you don 't like it , get out . "
tr	7	Marble tiles , previously hidden by tables and seating , were now visible .
tr	9	" It looks like something plowed into that hole .
tr	10	" I wonder what he 'll be like , " Collin mused .
tr	8	He was misjudging all of them .
tr	8	Wan na know why ? "
tr	11	He watched the animal bounce its front paws on the lid several times before the strong latches gave way .
tr	8	An airman pulled the door open and beckoned Frank out , handing him a flight suit .
tr	8	With Uncle Liam gone , he thought with satisfaction , they 'll all be afraid of him now .
tr	7	" But I honestly can 't ... " Simon lost interest in the conversation .
tr	6	Two double storey barracks , rough track into the camp , two watch towers , one guard building at the gate .
tr	7	" And again , I 'm sorry about that .
tr	10	" I 'll have her moved upstairs to the attics , " she said .
tr	8	I wanted to keep that promise .
tr	11	Having finished her song the little Princess would wave farewell , disappear and the pearl would close again .
tr	7	His expression grew childishly gleeful when I stumbled .
tr	11	Amy had assumed someone would pick them up by car .
tr	11	They were the only words spoken while his mother cried over the phone for several minutes .
tr	7	He hunched his shoulders in the frosty air , rubbing his hands together .
tr	10	If you can answer any of them I will give 25 bonus points each . "
tr	9	Chase went to her sister and hugged her tightly in his arms .
tr	11	Rick decided he had better make quick work of Anna .
tr	8	The electromagnetic metal , neodymium , is probably a hundred times more magnetic than any precious metal cargo the same size .
tr	6	In a bluff hearty tone he said , " Well , well , Miss , don 't fret .
tr	11	This picture must be from when he was studying international business .
tr	6	Edie May came and sent all the visitors home .
tr	8	It 's hard to comprehend .
tr	5	" Steve ... " " Who is your master ? "
tr	5	Plus , I hate that little fucker . "
tr	6	The sharp , stinging crack reverberated down the hallway , seeming almost as loud as the bomb blast .
tr	11	He seemed to come alive as they approached the enemy .
tr	7	Put it back on now !
tr	5	( " We 're all Cubans now , darlin ' . " )
tr	6	" Get out , sir , " said Anderson tightly .
tr	8	I could do anything , even defeat this being , I believed it and so it was real .
tr	6	We turn into a long driveway .
tr	7	For one brief moment they hovered in the air and then they dropped .
tr	9	Rest as my people , as my nation , as my family rests .
tr	10	When Ayla finished her voice left you wanting more like some sort of junkie .
tr	9	He wasn 't trying to protect me .
tr	9	Nicola and his old master walked to the car park to get Beppe 's car .
tr	7	" I 've got news , " he said .
tr	10	The wine or the fact it was almost Christmas brought us to broach another subject , Connie brought it up .
tr	9	" No harm will come to me or her ; that is the point of this subterfuge .
tr	9	Lea was starting to feel nervous .
tr	7	" It all is the property of the court .
tr	11	I think the back feet look like the feet of a T-Rex .
tr	10	Suddenly the suggestion he had made seemed almost ... he struggled to find the right word ... almost ... indecent !
tr	7	The others , drunk and mischievous , all made peace signs with their right hands while making faces .
tr	8	Stinky had always been a little angry when she spoke .
tr	8	" Mr. Noble , time to introduce you to your new world , " he smiled at them .
tr	8	He places his right hand against his forehead , his eyes squinting .
tr	10	So many wanted to have a turn in the game .
tr	10	He glanced at the bear to see him watching them .
tr	7	From what I know , the Greek don 't like that much people from the Orient zone . "
tr	10	He chewed on one chapped lip and stirred the mess of coffee and cream left in his cup with the straw .
tr	6	" I won 't keep you forever .
tr	10	They were recent , having all been drafted within the past five years .
tr	7	His words spoke of a hope for them , but his sober expression said something else altogether .
tr	11	The worst did seem to be over .
tr	9	Tommy thought quickly then pulled a package of gum out of his pocket .
tr	9	Someone had cleared their throat in a deliberate attempt to gain our attention .
tr	11	Their friendship was purely pragmatic and based on the mutual favours that they did for each other .
tr	11	Julie started to calm down after remembering that .
tr	10	But I am glad to see you in such happy spirits .
tr	9	She went to close the door , but the large chest caught her eye .
tr	7	Maybe the suit was a size too small , she couldn 't decide , but he definitely needed a makeover .
tr	5	" I , on the other hand , enjoy a hot meal . "
tr	9	The bread was a local speciality made from sweet chestnut flour and strewn with rosemary leaves .
tr	6	Oh well , at the moment that sensation was of no further distress .
tr	8	We wrote back , professing our love for our little soldier .
tr	11	Bryony was still struggling to grasp the turn of events .
tr	8	I need to see his page .
tr	7	" One more and it will be done , " the stranger says .
tr	9	" The South , " he continued , " Is essentially a collection of all the worst aspects of European society .
tr	9	~ With the coming of the Fourth of July , summer was officially in full swing on the Rump .
tr	11	Katarina smiled slowly , starting to move closer to me .
tr	8	Like Eva said , they 're looking for us , and sooner or later they 'll have us .
tr	8	If our absence hurts the tribe , then the tribe will only be paying for its mistakes . "
tr	8	The massive frame was square steel tube , about three inches in cross-section .
tr	8	" Where could we have seen him before ? "
tr	9	I have to go now but God will help you along with all the Higher Powers ! "
tr	9	You will execute it in whatever manner necessary .
tr	8	He picked up the translator taking it to a computer station .
tr	8	Ryan 's mind came back to his watching the shuttle loading .
tr	5	Well , not a freak , but not all human , either .
tr	8	He snapped his hands out , held flat , and caught the axe head between his palms .
tr	9	Working feverishly to repair the profuse bleeding , the needle contacted something hard .
tr	9	And I needed to find out about this pastry Extravaganza thing .
tr	8	The hammock swayed with the gentle movements of the ocean .
tr	8	And soon to be a father .
tr	8	He should be defiant to his last breath !
tr	10	Conners asked , his ever-present cigarette drooping from the corner of his mouth .
tr	9	Only I could come on a pony trek with the clueless newbie .
tr	6	Sounds like fun , what should I wear ? "
tr	7	" You see a large open field farther to the left ? "
tr	7	David looked around inside the elevator , then over to the control panel .
tr	6	Adele was warm , generous and kind , maybe even loving .
tr	8	The woman made big eyes when she heard my name .
tr	5	And of course Michael loved his Amber more and more each day .
tr	11	" Eggs would be good , " David said as he got up to clear the table .
tr	9	But to who and why ? "
tr	7	I 'll go back with her .
tr	5	" Not at all , " he said , and then winced .
tr	6	" He needed a good laugh , " Charles said and led me forward a little farther .
tr	5	The Three Laws " " The Three Laws , the Three Laws , the Three Laws !
tr	8	Finan cleared his throat uncomfortably , sliding the weapon back into its sheath .
tr	10	" Now what is it you wish for specifically ? "
tr	10	Miriam leaned her cheek on one hand as she considered her paper and Mana 's suggestions .
tr	10	" Aren 't you coming ? "
tr	6	The more she read , the angrier she grew .
tr	9	Her mind swept her into the darkest part of her past , dredged up all the worst childhood images .
tr	7	Shoes kicking up gravel , we arrived at the carriages and called our own over .
tr	8	Another steelhead dinner was a far more appetizing prospect than another load of freeze-dried glop , no matter how nutritious .
tr	8	Right in front of the musicians he took a phone number from one of the girlfriends .
tr	10	For days she did not speak to me and today I can admit that it brought my heart much happiness .
tr	9	After a short time our hope was rewarded and Logan came sprinting from the house .
tr	7	snapped a voice from behind the door .
tr	9	" No , I meant the guilt is eating him .
tr	10	" They 've got horses here this summer and I want you and Ricky to keep away from the stables . "
tr	9	Flaherty jumped when he heard the Russian General 's voice in his ear piece .
tr	6	Got any more problems I can help you with ? "
tr	7	She said , gaining my attention .
tr	8	He could hear the gentle hiss of the waves .
tr	8	There are another two thousand in reserve , hidden in the forest .
tr	8	She reached across and plunked one down on Ted 's head and said .
tr	6	It 's a very nice country .
tr	11	Serving in the military for most of his life , he was no stranger to the horrors that warfare could bring .
tr	7	You 're too hard on him . "
tr	9	When Riki grabbed his arm , it took everything he had not to shout with fear .
tr	5	On smaller jets , like the Lear , that isn 't the case .
tr	5	I mean , this place up here is rad . "
tr	7	Rafe grinned and set Eda behind her on the horse .
tr	6	" Oh , yes , Mrs. Garris , right away , " she picked up the phone and called Mr. Meyer .
tr	5	then take a real good look around .
tr	5	The nearest city was a three-hour drive , due south .
tr	5	She paused , smiled , and added : " At least , not yet .
tr	11	At the third attempt , he was able to ask the contact for a report .
tr	9	More importantly , how high up the corporate ladder does one go before getting the title ?
tr	11	No , I think that 's when I first noticed it .
tr	8	When Claire woke , Sky was no longer sat next to her on the bed .
tr	10	" Now my friends , this is not something to be careless with .
tr	5	" Come on , my room isn 't too far away .
tr	11	The approaching villain twirls its axe in one hand , demonstrating its absurd strength while it faintly growls between steps .
tr	6	Thank God the Khan is gone .
tr	7	" I 'm all for speed .
tr	9	Cletus and Pete seemed to notice Mark and Jimmy for the first time .
tr	11	He seems to be fine based on the sensors , although his pulse is ragged , " said Toby .
tr	6	Rafe grinned towards his friend .
tr	8	I 'd done nothing wrong , I 'd not committed any crime , yet I was being detained .
tr	6	My fingers nimbly undid the leather and unraveled the paper .
tr	6	Yeah , that was quick , just two swipes and the thing was dead .
tr	10	I 've never seen her since you two disappeared . "
tr	5	" These are my friends , Leah , Nora , and Isabella . "
tr	10	There were other pulls there as well .
tr	10	She wasn 't sure she understood it herself .
tr	9	It seems unwise to mock her .
tr	10	He noticed only then that a corner of the first page had been turned down .
tr	9	Remember what was at stake .
tr	7	" Inspector , please also say goodbye to Deepa for me . "
tr	11	" He said we had to make this trip .
tr	9	Simon felt himself pinned below his adversary .
tr	9	And the season of death for those Squirrels that had not taken the precautions .
tr	6	His body , hard and tight against hers , the only thing holding her up .
tr	6	" Wait , I have an idea , " Sandeep said suddenly and took his phone out .
tr	10	It made him want to spit .
tr	11	Even way the hell out here , there 's a lot of lives to go around .
tr	7	" I 'll get it , " Dane volunteered , and gracefully rose to his feet .
tr	8	If one fails , our whole space project will be extended ad infinitum and we will never achieve our goals .
tr	11	" Do it just like I do , " she told him succinctly then watched him mimic her actions .
tr	8	Her silence brought me crashing back into the room .
tr	8	Mana sighed and sat back , releasing Miriam .
tr	8	At the apex of his flight , the dragon turned and dived , tucking his wings in close .
tr	11	But Callie wasn 't thinking about that and she wasn 't pale because she got another whiff of Sydney either .
tr	6	The bear , bleeding out his mouth , was now breathing hard .
tr	6	How could she do this ?
tr	10	Jacob had gathered the most strength , because he launched into the entire tale .
tr	6	" A diamond of yellow , " Rick mumbled .
tr	9	She smiled and asked , " How did you meet Pedro ? "
tr	9	I ran to catch up with him .
tr	7	The interest in our company could change from a power play to just plain greed .
tr	8	The man ignored him , raised his sword , and slashed at the Prince 's head .
tr	9	Every movement Brute made jolted him making him feel sick and dizzy .
tr	8	He decided it didn 't really matter .
tr	11	" Six years , " Stalin remarked , stepping carefully over a very tall rock , slippery with the morning dew .
tr	8	" Let me first thank you all for coming today .
tr	6	" Oh Mother Mary , help me , " she breathed , opened the door and walked in .
tr	5	" No , " Rick waved her off .
tr	9	Where did they think it came from ?
tr	9	I wasn 't sure you 'd come . '
tr	8	Every morning , any time Dad and I bumped into each other , Spy Games became the topic of the day .
tr	8	As I was on my own I belched long and loud after I finished .
tr	10	He has every right to blame you for his suffering .
tr	7	" Once you complete this task , we will be done . "
tr	10	Toby remembered she enjoyed hearing of it .
tr	6	Gabe sets down his empty bottle and pulls out a second .
tr	9	" How long did it take you to get back ? "
tr	6	The leader of the Sky Raiders is a bad man and a powerful Beast Tongue .
tr	8	I tried to look hurt .
tr	8	" Stop it , mother , for heaven 's sake ! "
tr	9	" I will take that as a yes , " the augur said .
tr	7	During the conflict many lives were lost , resources were drained , and the population as a whole suffered .
tr	10	They were just guessing that I 'd be here .
tr	9	My crossbow was leaning next to my pack just inside the door , so I grabbed that . "
tr	7	He 's looking for water under the bridge .
tr	6	" Wear your hardhat , John , " she called after him .
tr	8	How can I discuss this with her ?
tr	8	I don 't think the Pope forbidden this . "
tr	9	" I thought I was dead , but the bullet never came .
tr	7	" Nobody had an explanation for this strange phenomenon .
tr	11	Katherine looked towards where Calvin chatted with Loretta but couldn 't see the likeness .
tr	7	My protruding tummy is a joy for Cisco .
tr	5	" What are you talking about ? "
tr	11	" People of Argos you have been avenged . "
tr	6	" It looks like our bear friend . "
tr	7	The three jumped up from their seats and started for the door .
tr	9	" Congratulations , " he said as he pumped Bender 's hand enthusiastically .
tr	5	Then after a long silence , " I am dying , Gerald . "
tr	9	He is tricky to read though .
tr	5	" Okay , okay , let 's just separate them first .
tr	10	For now I 'm only pleased to share his warmth , and Eda has ridden before . "
tr	6	" Come here , " said Kevin , smiling , spreading his arm .
tr	5	" Is this Mercedes ? "
tr	7	We swiped through the security door and headed down a wide corridor .
tr	9	I 'm full of wrestling trivia .
tr	6	Her baby and Mrs. Coughlin 's baby were about the same age , only two days apart , in April .
tr	9	Like asking him to stay .
tr	6	Her hot breath fans against the sensitive shell , and she whispers , " Take me home .
tr	11	From its dim light , I saw we were indeed within the tower , the room a perfect circle .
tr	7	Only now , separated by iron bars , did his feelings show .
tr	9	His open curiosity forced her to go on , and Elaina hit on it at last .
tr	10	He couldn 't see what was going on .
tr	8	With the first mile between them and the woods , Valerian breathed more easily .
tr	7	Why did you come with me ?
tr	6	No one appeared , however , and the white light flickered menacingly several times .
tr	10	We huddled , hoping that it would leave .
tr	7	Have you seen him ? "
tr	7	" I know , I know , things are pretty bad right now for those fine farming folks .
tr	9	Captain Jim Meeks commanded the northern region which included the dam and Camp Beaver refugee camp .
tr	8	Sky settled into Claire 's lap and wrapped her arms around her neck .
tr	5	The other boys looked around as well .
tr	10	" I don 't see why that would be a problem Dave .
tr	9	These lunatics are trying to kill me ! "
tr	5	Most importantly of all , the surface is impeccably smooth .
tr	11	" But sir , do we even have fuel left for planes ? "
tr	5	Her other brother Manuel was the farmer .
tr	11	Therefore it would be wrong to change its course too dramatically , " replied Michael sadly .
tr	10	With their stomachs full and sipping the remaining coffee they all settled around the fire contemplating the events of the day .
tr	10	They probably found the Defenders , and knew they were on the right trail .
tr	9	" Wait ... Look at the date of the painting .
tr	8	" Such strength wasted in suicidal acts of valor .
tr	8	The door to its sarcophagus opens with a loud bang and its restraints are released with a sudden mechanical clank .
tr	9	" Yes , any damage I receive is registered as pain much as you would if you were damaged .
tr	9	" I helped to build this engine , " he said as he watched the preparation .
tr	10	For a moment the juxtaposition of something from her world into this world threatened to overwhelm her .
tr	6	Slipping off his padded winter jacket , he laid it over her like a blanket .
tr	8	... you should try and stop , Big Boy , you 're not good at it .
tr	8	The only law that counts is the Falcon 's .
tr	7	At Anubis House , Mike and Kat packed their bags and left back to their hometowns .
tr	8	" She has a lot of spunk , " Pierre continued with a lopsided grin .
tr	8	We 're here to save ya ! "
tr	10	I got the impression she was calculating all the time .
tr	7	He stroked his chin delicately and finally nodded in approval .
tr	10	He wanted to return to the Creek village and settle this old score .
tr	8	More importantly , he had things to do .
tr	7	" Somehow this doesn 't feel right , " I couldn 't ignore the awkward sensation deep within me .
tr	9	Changing the atmosphere was the best way she thought of .
tr	7	" Where do you sleep in the wintertime Sidney ? "
tr	8	He was ruthless in his endeavours and vicious to any captive .
tr	7	Maybe Dad would ship me off to boarding school .
tr	10	" Tell me , brother , how many men are under your command ? "
tr	11	" Yeah , they tell me there 's a really cute brunette waiting tables here , " Flaherty quipped .
tr	10	" I can 't believe you followed me here , " I whispered .
tr	8	I wiggled through the opening and did the same surfing run down the hill .
tr	6	" The truth is , all guys are the same , Immortal , human or animal .
tr	10	He didn 't have his seat belts on and had no time to buckle them up anyway .
tr	9	She began brushing him with quick , agitated movements , working out some of her anger .
tr	5	" No slot machines or pin balls , " I like that .
tr	11	" Did I mention what a good day this is turning out to be ? "
tr	6	" If ever I die , " he said , " you won 't be the cause .
tr	10	He had no desire to be in the barn just yet .
tr	9	He glanced to the right and left as if hoping to spot the shooter .
tr	10	Finn stepped over to John , leaned over and scooped up the dropped knife at his feet .
tr	8	A watchman stood on top of the battlements with a bow in his hands .
tr	11	My friend here would like to borrow some of your clothes .
tr	11	He laughed like he thought I was stupid .
tr	6	At that moment , the walls and floor of the lab shook violently .
tr	10	" It would be better to head back to the hall .
tr	9	Lex feigned innocence as he looked innocently at his mom .
tr	10	" Sorry , I didn 't mean to sound ungrateful , " he said .
tr	6	" If you ever do , " he said , " come and let me know .
tr	11	' I suggest you let us leave , ' I said curtly , staring at the Frenchman .
tr	11	The condemned ascended a small box , planting his feet to wait for the drop .
tr	8	" Now , if it please you . "
tr	10	Impossible , " she continues , moving closer to the hole between dimensions .
tr	7	He sat up , rubbing his eyes .
tr	8	1985 George stood just off the fairway on the fourteenth .
tr	9	" Looks can be deceiving can they not , Lady Adele ? "
tr	9	" You got ta cock it , " John said .
tr	7	Two men sat behind an overturned table and fired at me .
tr	6	the MPs can take him down easily .
tr	8	Lines wrinkled his forehead as he clenched his teeth .
tr	6	" Executive Priority , " said a young woman 's voice through a speaker beside the panel .
tr	8	Finally with the town behind them the driving settled and Calvin rested his elbows on the steering wheel .
tr	8	To anyone looking outside Sanctuary he appears like a streak of light firing out into space .
tr	7	" He delivered a letter one night and somehow ended up her guard for her trip . "
tr	6	Again , a few seconds later , the footsteps behind us stopped too .
tr	7	" A savior was still born today , " she said .
tr	8	He said as he stroked her hair .
tr	6	She 's ... , " a small smile touched Caden lips , " better than fine , actually . "
tr	9	screamed Redmond W. Terwilliger , as he accidentally crushed the package with his cursed hand .
tr	9	Claire felt her heartbeat quicken as he came further down the bus .
tr	8	I see Ryan fall , hear the last pained hiccups dry on his lips .
tr	5	" Well , it 's not a non-zero number , so too much ? "
tr	8	" Thank you , Leila , " she whispered without anyone else taking notice .
tr	5	Despite the sun overhead , the water looked cold and uninviting .
tr	8	A man ran up the hill behind them , and he looked extremely angry .
tr	7	I looked into his warm and honest eyes .
tr	8	And then , when we were on the roof , she did this sigh . "
tr	6	" Just a little north , " Sheena replied simply .
tr	9	" But didn 't it kill half the people on the planet ? "
tr	6	The control room didn 't like this plan .
tr	9	Alejo found himself grinning , despite the contrition in Stalin 's voice .
tr	8	" Very well , keep at it , " Colors acknowledged .
tr	7	The US suddenly found itself down to less than a three-month supply of grain .
tr	9	He stood there as his breathing returned to normal .
tr	10	A shot cracked the air , and my eye snapped towards Logan as a cloud of smoke obscured him .
tr	7	My sisters and I must be watchful , and I feel blind as a deep water eel .
tr	9	Tim 's Gran had washed and dried his clothes overnight which was a pleasant surprise .
tr	9	Anyway , there be plenty more where they came from . "
tr	8	He agreed at last , " Your home is nearby ? "
tr	9	Okay , if you 've got the money , go for it .
tr	5	" Won 't you even make an excuse ? "
tr	9	You have no idea what kind of day I 've had . "
tr	10	Confused looks stared back at him until understanding dawned in the deputy 's eyes .
tr	11	We agree to meet back at this spot in 10 minutes .
tr	6	" It 's okay , " Ted said in a soothing tone .
tr	10	" You were being groomed to become Commander .
tr	8	Neil and Riki sat down , a little way from the main table , and she nudged him again .
tr	11	" The mast is conducting electricity because it 's made of metal .
tr	7	Chapter Seven We left the apartment minutes later and took the stairs to the ground floor .
tr	8	" It is a different matter altogether and has no bearing on this . "
tr	9	Any attempt at logical reason deserts them and they become fixated on defending the indefensible .
tr	8	We could hang our lines over there while we eat . "
tr	6	But that day , later that morning , we sneaked up to the house and hid , across the street .
tr	11	Maria released the tears she had been holding back .
tr	6	First , I lost my shoes , and then my pants and my shirt followed .
tr	6	Once inside the house , he laid her down on the great long dining room table .
tr	11	She estimated that they 'd been there for at least a week .
tr	9	We 've tried living in our place .
tr	11	You think there might be more than one of them ?
tr	6	" It 's rather long , yes , " Mana replied .
tr	10	It 's late , and there 's plenty to do tomorrow .
tr	9	Frankly it 's like a first class floating 75 ' hotel .
tr	7	I see no reason why not .
tr	9	" I know what you 're going through . "
tr	7	who 's drinking what ? "
tr	7	" She needs a bath , bad , " Mom said , and got up .
tr	11	He grinned , still watching the module as it crept towards its mate .
tr	7	The man was in sight now , but was a good runner .
tr	7	I hate hospitals because of her .
tr	8	This dyed wine might taste like fox piss , but it did the trick !
tr	8	Link demands once again , his voice gaining some base with the second declaration .
tr	11	Loretta eventually rang off promising to keep in touch .
tr	6	but he will hunt tomorrow . "
tr	7	I crouched , but as I approached , men in tuxedos closed in on me .
tr	8	I 'll just keep playing this game .
tr	9	Unlike the previous stone soldiers , this new opponent looked to be of simple flesh and blood .
tr	9	Was going to be bad .
tr	7	" Please not him , " she thought . "
tr	9	They would be easy prey .
tr	8	Having done this , the air was better for the general , and the canoe continued on down the river .
tr	7	She turned and looked back at the car , but couldn 't see inside .
tr	6	A small herd of cattle , all identically white , appeared suddenly out of the mist .
tr	7	His teeth sunk into the left forearm and ripped and tore the flesh .
tr	11	It feels like I 've been running for hours .
tr	10	They seemed sure I was a killer , and maybe a little bit crazy .
tr	11	If we 're going to find anyone , that 's where they 'll live .
tr	7	Dham 's bells might disable some and my blades do the rest but it won 't be enough .
tr	9	The chuckles grew as Kelvin smiled and played along .
tr	6	" It 's all lies , " he said .
tr	5	I don 't , not one bit , " Miriam scoffed .
tr	10	Your mother works at a local shop and barely makes enough money to get by .
tr	7	" You 'll never get it off now , " Miriam said .
tr	9	I mean , do you have any information ? "
tr	6	" In any case , I am hungry and I smell supper . "
tr	7	Kaylie giggled , " More like flaming little fairy . "
tr	8	" ... So that 's when you all came round . "
tr	7	As if hearing her thoughts , Bethan called to her across the coach aisle .
tr	6	" I 'll try , " she said ambiguously , still in that hushed , faraway voice .
tr	10	" I really should check the clock before I go visiting .
tr	8	As she watched , she realized she was praying .
tr	10	All she knew was that he was expressionless , silent , and positively lethal .
tr	7	Mrs. Williams threatened him with a rolling pin before she weakened .
tr	6	You mean like right now ?
tr	9	How clumsy of me not to have noticed . "
tr	7	Princess , was a white female and lived up to her name perfectly .
tr	8	" Not yet , " he says quietly , " but you can 't help what you are . "
tr	11	The boy had only gone a few yards before Chris leaped at his legs and brought him down .
tr	6	I love them , " he added , " but they 're soulless bastards . "
tr	9	" You know you killed a little girl during that last robbery ?
tr	7	asked Simon suddenly feeling nauseous .
tr	8	So we rounded them all up , put them into large groups and had them try again .
tr	9	Maria was conversing with Lyudmila 's husband in English .
tr	9	After a few moments Nathan could hear the squelch of a radio and a conversation .
tr	8	They were sticking out that one day , but ever since that day , they 've been back in place . "
tr	10	I start to feel myself winding down .
tr	10	She stopped short of talking about the book .
tr	7	Gabe lies against the ball and crunches up .
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	5	For the first time , in a long while , she seemed happy .
tr	10	Was someone trying to extort Sebastian ?
tr	9	He positioned the pot so based upon the morning sunlight the bush got direct light for half the day .
tr	7	Who 's telling the story ?
tr	8	How strange that the world could look so totally different , he marveled , from one day to the next .
tr	7	She had other brothers and sisters and her father and mother were very kind and noble people .
tr	6	' Me too , bro , ' added Doodle in a wounded voice , looking utterly dazed .
tr	7	Sarah nodded and watched him with concern .
tr	7	' They could have gotten off anywhere . '
tr	5	I mean , it 's just a freaking game , right ? "
tr	9	But spies don 't stop in the middle of a mission because their fingers hurt .
tr	9	Her pale tangerine hair was fastened by a huge , pretty ribbon on her head .
tr	11	It had to be one of the Falcon 's favorites for him to even give her a second glance .
tr	7	There , standing well away from the other buildings , was the only unoccupied house in the growing village .
tr	10	We did , our feet carrying us through the throng of party-goers .
tr	10	The downpour was so powerful that the horsemen were rendered completely helpless .
tr	10	Battling against each other for a good bounty which was beyond her knowledge .
tr	10	She 'd treated it to a pink case covered with pink crystals .
tr	7	They fell rapidly beneath our bullets and my blades .
tr	7	In the middle of the room , there was a white round table with six chairs around .
tr	11	" Is this going where I think it 's going ? "
tr	7	Please , let 's just go to our place . "
tr	6	We sat in the cockpit .
tr	5	Uh-huh , the economy really gave us a nice wedgie there .
tr	8	Reggie 's musings were interrupted by his introduction and the applause .
tr	10	You 're going to make me laugh ! "
tr	8	" Thanks , " Simon said , looking up at her in surprise .
tr	10	Elaina stood in what had been the town square .
tr	9	Mariposa dashed from oasis to oasis , progressing up the hill at a steady rate without any incidents .
tr	11	She thanked God for it and realized , again , that this too was an answer to prayer .
tr	8	' We haven 't found him yet , ' I said .
tr	6	Just faintly down and to my right , I felt Suzanne 's energy .
tr	5	" No , I don 't , " she said and then coughed .
tr	6	Chances of my survival are slim .
tr	7	Apparently Spirit used in an aggressive manner was pliable even after its release , allowing for absorption and instant redistribution .
tr	9	No one was coming , so he walked a few hundred metres up the river looking about .
tr	9	He had seen them practicing with their strong hands behind their backs , too .
tr	9	Her husband had died a few years back from a stroke and this was their dream home .
tr	11	I was relieved to be met by a smile .
tr	9	Do you need anything you don 't have ?
tr	8	Mike 's claim to fame at the NASA compound was his specialty in geology .
tr	7	" Nathaniel , I was talking of our home earlier .
tr	11	She was running around like a chicken with its head cut off .
tr	6	His fists clench , so does his jaw , but the tense look quickly dissolves .
tr	6	The Banks of the Kankakee River , Just South of Chicago , IL .
tr	7	There are different lines on his face now .
tr	10	Grace looked to the area being rearranged into a dance floor .
tr	8	" On the fringe of the woodland and the very small slopes of the foothills . "
tr	9	She was wearing jeans instead of that beautiful skirt and Noah would have recognized that light blue alpaca sweater anywhere .
tr	11	Swear that you will do as I asked .
tr	11	But I do wish there was an off switch . "
tr	9	We paused just inside the doorway while our eyes adjusted to the gloom .
tr	10	He 's too young and she was now turning to be a woman .
tr	9	Anna 's grim face disappeared from view as the helicopter rose towards the azure skies .
tr	9	The mysterious girl whirled around , gripping at her black bag , ready to unleash violence .
tr	5	Your laugh , your wit , your emotions and the way they change .
tr	10	But all we have is either water or peroxide , both of which would sting .
tr	6	See , Divya knows all the answers , " the teacher would comment .
tr	8	Simon admitted shamefully " That 's ok young man .
tr	6	" Kiara , thank you so much for the lovely company .
tr	9	At the time my body was pumping with enough adrenaline to give an elephant a heart attack .
tr	7	Eben , Red , and Stella followed him across the way and up the slight slope toward the inn .
tr	8	He grabbed the carcass of the wolf and threw it at the other wolves .
tr	9	" Well ... I 'd been traveling on my own for a while .
tr	10	He did not think yet about the fact that he should be dead .
tr	6	" Well , health and safety , " finally came from Tim Farmer .
tr	6	" Yes , " said Yama , seeing and understanding , " he was your first teacher . "
tr	8	" Hold up " she ordered and I instinctively complied as to the lunatic with a weapon .
tr	11	Who wants to bet we will ? "
tr	7	I am no fool , I have learned from the best ! "
tr	7	I 'm stuck in traffic .
tr	6	" Well , I usually can 't , but neither the book nor the conversation is particularly intellectually challenging . "
tr	8	Yet another acrobatic landing , and the skull kid is searching the ground for his prey .
tr	7	He hasn 't come back here either ... I even checked up at the house .
tr	8	She looked at him puzzled , and he explained .
tr	8	Maybe he 'd gotten home last night , wrapped up his arm , and would be at work today .
tr	10	said Natalie defensively , " there are a whole load of people relaxing there .
tr	8	A great downpour covered the earth and the world became flooded .
tr	11	" OK ... everything we 're going to need is in place .
tr	6	" Out of the ground , they just kept coming .
tr	7	That first week after his dad showed up , he stayed in his house and wouldn 't come out .
tr	10	She tells me what is going on .
tr	8	" You can blow bubbles with it and make a loud popping sound , too .
tr	7	Inside , they walked by four well-armed guards and took the stairway down the six flights to the gold vault .
tr	6	Suddenly , with no warning at all , the plane violently descends .
tr	7	Alfred sat down at his desk , remaining silent .
tr	8	Less inquires , remaining still as a statue on her knee .
tr	9	She steps forward , looking up into the dragon 's massive eye .
tr	7	Your brother would gladly trade you for them . "
tr	11	It was followed by a bloom of brightness between the trees behind and to the right .
tr	6	" Americus Freeman , wielder of Magna , the Unbreakable Blade ? "
tr	8	Someone descended and knocked on a window of the square building .
tr	10	she cried as Landon hurried back over to her .
tr	8	" There 's fresh food in the castle , " she starts , collectively grabbing everyone 's attention .
tr	8	Okay so they weren 't chained in the basement , but something was very wrong .
tr	5	" No , I just , well , no , nothing 's wrong .
tr	6	" Yes , this is the Black Beauty , " he answered proudly .
tr	9	" Anything else you can think of ? "
tr	11	The rabbit traps had been empty for several days now and Sarah doubted they 'd catch any more until spring .
tr	8	He knew she was angry .
tr	7	To think I just spent the night in a man 's bare arms !
tr	8	Mark then turned and walked back to Jimmy 's truck .
tr	8	He had an email , containing Kurt Vetter 's hotel information .
tr	10	I 'm certain some of the guards suspected Rupert though .
tr	11	Still holding the boy elevated , the man said something that made the rest of the group flee .
tr	10	Ted had turned to face him , but his outstretched hand was still clamped around the knob .
tr	5	On second thought , I 'm a writer writer right now .
tr	6	" Name , " I said , " what 's your name ? "
tr	6	" I know all this , " Aria sobs with frustration .
tr	8	" We think we have something .
tr	8	I 'll have orange juice -- freshly squeezed , of course -- dark toast , scrambled eggs .
tr	9	But judging by what we already have , we have covered absolutely everything .
tr	10	" We 'll have this thing shut down inside the hour , Jack . "
tr	11	" We did not have the slightest idea what we were getting ourselves into .
tr	6	For all the trouble it had caused , it was beautifully made .
tr	8	" Back to the task at hand .
tr	6	The night sky rippled overhead , the pewter gleam of stars washed out by city lights .
tr	8	Di Luca was spluttering , his drink spilling in agitation .
tr	7	Then one small one came in and smelled it , with caution .
tr	10	Malcolm pressed his lips together and paused , as if to stretch out my ultimate humiliation .
tr	10	The main gun blasted apart , splitting in the middle like a peeled banana .
tr	6	She looked at her grandfather with a faint smile .
tr	6	They were slightly faded but easily discernible .
tr	9	She was determined to get answers .
tr	7	The other dogs , lying in the grass , were on their feet instantly .
tr	11	I don 't think he should be drinking alcohol . '
tr	6	She 's two hundred and fifty feet long and has an unusual radar mast . "
tr	8	Her sharp claws , made of a densely hard composition , dig into the porous rock .
tr	8	Claire looked down at her niece 's glowing face and felt a jolt in her chest .
tr	7	With the paper in hand , I lower with a floor .
tr	7	" Indeed , I can , on both issues , " said Ethan .
tr	6	' And tomorrow , ' he said , ' I 'll definitely get the chandeliers back ! '
tr	6	Say goodbye , George Mudd ... and good riddance . " .
tr	7	Sunday and her parents slid to the other bow , and Errol did not see them anymore .
tr	10	The body was laid out in the middle of the bunker as if on display .
tr	8	I 'll talk to Drew and probably fly home from Miami .
tr	7	In the flickering fire light it took a few seconds for him to see .
tr	5	In my experience , his lordship is a ... complex man .
tr	11	I have done what I set out to do .
tr	6	one hundred twenty-six days before " WELL , NOW IT 'S WAR , " the Colonel shouted the next morning .
tr	8	" John , listen to me , " she said emphatically , " focus on my hands .
tr	10	Tarleton moved a stack of papers covering the seat and sat in a well-worn armchair .
tr	11	This is not a game we are playing with the revolutionaries !
tr	8	" But -- aren 't we still being followed ? "
tr	6	" I 'm not the king , " he said .
tr	6	" Mani and Sol , Night and Day , silver and gold , " she said with obvious admiration .
tr	8	Quickly , Trae leapt to his feet , pulling Lena up with him .
tr	10	His captain was in love with her , and who could blame him ?
tr	9	His grip tightened on my arm until I groaned in pain .
tr	11	Ted glanced over his shoulder long enough to see Joe vault the fence with one hand .
tr	7	' I don 't think so , ' I replied with a sinking feeling .
tr	6	" I was Miss , " said one of the uniforms .
tr	6	The shapeshifter stood back up , chest covered in blood from the Bowie knife .
tr	8	They were playing for buttons , but that never dimmed their enthusiasm .
tr	7	Seeing the stubborn look on his face , she dropped his hand and folded her arms .
tr	7	" Why else , " the head cook had intoned with a knowing look .
tr	7	You are my only son , and all your sisters have married ... " " Then I will not avenge him .
tr	7	Seeing his parents again still had the sheen of unreality .
tr	11	Okay , do I want to hear Marlon play guitar ?
tr	10	She deserved to know , even though this was way over her head .
tr	9	" He 's a Zombie , he 'll just stand there until someone picks him up . "
tr	7	A moment later , the rear window acquired another spider web of fractures from a bullet .
tr	6	" Well , " he mused , " we never did get that honeymoon . "
tr	8	Without further comment , we tried the door leading into the west wing .
tr	11	After the stone soldiers had been made , the question had come up on what to equip them with .
tr	10	Anyway , he 'd have to think about that another time .
tr	11	He heard one set of feet running across the deck , and moments later heard another he knew were Billy 's .
tr	6	" Shall we do more with -- " " Fire ? "
tr	10	Mary touched the remote and the video feed began to run .
tr	11	When I open yours it gives me joy , but it is difficult to look past the cover . "
tr	11	She looked at him in wonder , this man that she was trying very hard to understand .
tr	8	Rafe looked down at the sword in relief .
tr	7	" She was talking to the bear . "
tr	10	He opens the door wider to let me in .
tr	7	We 'll arrive , in style , in eleven minutes .
tr	11	" So who wants to be a chicken ? "
tr	10	His limbs felt more like legs instead of rubber , but Neil managed to hobble beside her .
tr	9	I exude mentally handicapped charity case and Gabe just comes off as homeless .
tr	7	But , as my last governess had said , " The older , the better ! "
tr	9	Secondly , his whole posture was one that promised safety .
tr	5	' Oh , hello , Mr Hobson , ' said Moist .
tr	11	" Do you always have to be rude ? "
tr	7	The cowboy tipped his hat back on his head , and gave Matthew a doubtful look .
tr	8	" My dad uses it in the fall as a deer blind .
tr	8	" I 've seen you on TV , " she said , " You 're that politician . "
tr	6	" Your ' useless excuse for a son ' is pretty correct , sir .
tr	11	" I dispatched observers who reported increasing activity .
tr	8	Before any of us could speak , someone started pounding on the entry door .
tr	10	I really am trying to shut the hell up , but I can 't .
tr	11	When it was done , Destro stood shakily , leaving the knife buried in the man 's head .
tr	9	After a thoughtful moment , the captain said , " What 's say you and me take a walk laddie .
tr	11	" Aye , but I couldn 't help seeing the beauty of you two fine ladies through the glass . "
tr	9	I could feel his narrowed eyes on my back as I exited the range .
tr	9	He heard a girl cry as soldiers closed in around her .
tr	8	I doubt he forgets anything . "
tr	10	My men are professionals , and they didn 't wait for further evidence of treachery .
tr	8	Had they come looking for him ?
tr	7	I shimmied into the bathroom and whipped back and forth for a spot to hide .
tr	6	" That sounds like a. . . "
tr	9	The man closed the door with his heel since his hands were a little busy .
tr	7	they hollered back and kept paddling .
tr	6	" Sounds really exciting , the pink design , " mumbled Jonesy shaking his head .
tr	5	" In the blue bottle , right , on the shelves nearest the front window . "
tr	9	He thought for a moment , then nodded to himself .
tr	10	You 'll have to come with me as well . "
tr	6	Climbing over his thick coat , Ash rolled slightly and let out a friendly groan .
tr	10	I 'd love to hear from you !
tr	9	The Inspector and Simon sat silently in the car staring at the traffic on the road .
tr	9	" Why would we want to kill your lead technologist ? "
tr	9	But today , Cobb seemed strangely distracted , or at least uninterested in talking about it .
tr	9	Do you have some ? "
tr	10	He let her finish her tea and walked her to the door .
tr	8	Dad picked up the paper again like the decision was made .
tr	11	The whole cohort stopped suddenly , and watchful eyes began to wander all over the place .
tr	8	The force in VIN 's back was gone and he went through the checks on the new liquid hydrogen motors .
tr	8	" This doesn 't seem like the best time for -- jump ! "
tr	7	Right shoulder up and back here , duck the head there , slow down for the sharp curve ahead .
tr	7	He placed it atop his head , looked back at Gail , and then closed the door quietly .
tr	6	" Hurts like a bitch right ?
tr	10	" That 's all he is to me .
tr	6	My angel , my Virgin Mary , you have forsaken me ! "
tr	9	The cry of an owl filled the night as one swooped down on some unsuspecting prey .
tr	8	The gait of the creature -- whoever it was -- was slow and confused .
tr	8	" You want to help subs .
tr	8	Josie asked , remembering the stone heart in the desert .
tr	7	Her voice choked and she grabbed onto her mother for support .
tr	6	It took up almost an entire level , and both the east and the west walls were clear glass .
tr	7	We 've certainly spent enough time together over the past few days . "
tr	5	" Basement , " Franks said tersely .
tr	5	And then there is the lady .
tr	7	Unfortunately , the angle of the doors gave a view , primarily , of the sky .
tr	8	Michael Pitt told him what he was allowed .
tr	5	" You - " " Is Colette Gibson your girlfriend ? "
tr	6	The two brothers watch me in silence .
tr	9	" Do you have a room here ? "
tr	10	" I can 't believe Julie rode there all on her own .
tr	7	You look ... " He took my appearance in , his eyes roving up and down my body .
tr	5	The whole situation defied reason or definition .
tr	7	She obeyed slowly , suddenly uneasy .
tr	8	Its vocal cords had long since dried out , and it was in a rasping whisper that it spoke .
tr	10	Ko glared at Crag who paled again .
tr	6	There was no pursuit ; the storm apparently cloaked their move north .
tr	9	See you in a couple of months , " Mr. Collins said and closed his camcorder .
tr	7	" Ride as hard as you can .
tr	5	~ ~ ~ Chapter 17 Dancing .
tr	6	A true old-fashioned Yankee , Miss Nancy probably viewed comfort as a vice and discomfort as a virtue .
tr	7	Some fragments fell back out of the wounds after the firing stopped .
tr	7	Close behind them was The Crow and appropriately enough , the Grand Booty was bringing up the rear .
tr	9	I 'm the only one who didn 't know .
tr	9	The sisters immediately decided to try out the glasses and were both amazed .
tr	10	So the question is how can we choose our emotional state independent of our observed reality ? "
tr	9	Logan took my idea , doing the same in the seat across from me .
tr	7	During the span of these visits , the attitude of Mrs Emsworth remained cordial but never friendly .
tr	6	" Now I am almost afraid to . "
tr	11	If you wish the truth , she is carrying a yellow gem necklace I gave her for her twelfth birthday .
tr	9	He then used the handle of the accelerator grip to lift himself up onto the bike into a surfing position .
tr	5	" I guess so ... Dad .
tr	8	Not exactly like you 're used to , but these are prettier than the snack . "
tr	10	Then Jonesy suggested that Saturday nights , just like on base , would be good .
tr	9	It had a handle on the top , and one side appeared to be hinged , like a door .
tr	8	" I know how you feel , " she said .
tr	5	Fifteen minutes later , during the first car chase , Braden 's double vision was back .
tr	11	What made Zack think he could ?
tr	7	He was grinning broadly and looked very drunk .
tr	6	The beam beneath my feet creaked .
tr	10	She read the words again , hoping to see a different meaning the second time .
tr	8	No one in the town would have pegged me for death by assassin .
tr	11	This isn 't something a girl should be doing , but I seem to be outnumbered here .
tr	7	Harry was back in a few minutes , suddenly appearing at their sides .
tr	11	" My god what has he done to you . "
tr	10	The route he 'd taken over the Santa Ana Mountains had been rough .
tr	8	The stars are streaks , and the boy is a shrinking dot beneath the lamp light .
tr	11	He guessed it was rabbit cooking on the grill , but regardless it smelled wonderful .
tr	7	" Thanks so much for calling . "
tr	8	" Time to put on a show , " she whispered as they approached the kiosk .
tr	8	They ironed out the finer points of the ceremony , and then they all moved on to other business .
tr	10	The idea that formed in his head was as far fetched as any he had ever dreamed up .
tr	9	The boy exclaims , springing to his feet and searching the area .
tr	10	" It seems you got the brunt of the attack .
tr	9	I turned to follow them but couldn 't .
tr	11	They had climbed through three thousand feet when the cloud density ahead seemed to decrease .
tr	9	He would have to make preparations .
tr	11	I sensed he wanted to rush me .
tr	7	At least do it for once in the life time ... At least for me . "
tr	8	Neil leaned forward and took a slice of papaya from the dish .
tr	10	She stared straight ahead and decided not to look at the fires .
tr	5	" General , this is exactly the right time .
tr	8	Hailey launched herself in a fury with the strength of a hundred big sisters .
tr	5	My favorite : yogurt , nectarine and some granola , he thought .
tr	11	" Always so ready to believe in honour , pride , and unselfishness .
tr	9	Connor realized as he blurted out his excitement and then lowered his voice .
tr	9	" I have no interest in that , father , " she replied bluntly .
tr	8	" He knows you spend all your time on Robert Pattinson fan sites . "
tr	9	I don 't know what happen Connor .
tr	10	This was no way to go into battle .
tr	5	" A lake , " I answered him .
tr	7	Slowly , Ted pulled his hand up along his leg and groped for the holster on his belt .
tr	9	He reached out to hold her face in his hands .
tr	6	He deliberately , slowly raised his pistol and steadied it .
tr	9	Roots of snaked out of the dark earth , engulfing the body and burying it deep in the dirt .
tr	6	" And a woman , and new personality , and looks , oh , oh and better body odor .
tr	6	" You broke my chainsaw , " he said in a dark monotone .
tr	7	" Everyone in the world is desperate for grace . "
tr	7	" I don 't know , " he sighs , weighing his options .
tr	7	Suddenly out of nowhere Ben heard someone say : " Good lad ! "
tr	10	Then , there was the bright light , accompanied by the jerk of the ground beneath his feet .
tr	9	I took an ' out of order ' sign from her trolley and propped it outside the toilet door .
tr	5	" Let 's go , " I said .
tr	10	Do you think he knew ? '
tr	8	Some of them aren 't out of the woods yet , but so far things are looking pretty good . "
tr	9	Chapter 2 A large black bear waded across a shallow stream a mile northeast of Big Pine Lodge .
tr	10	That night Tori and Daniel decided to go down to the common room after midnight .
tr	7	As Brazen said these words he nearly choked on them .
tr	7	The Bastian leader 's tone was edged with steel .
tr	9	Elaina took off , darting between horses and great wooden wheels .
tr	9	I talked about his admission of guilt and the mock trial .
tr	10	The shed , and it wasn 't more than that , was shelter from the rain and the quickly dropping temperatures .
tr	6	Could you overdose on Raid ?
tr	10	Her head was buzzing as the world around her turned into chaos .
tr	10	Between these rocks was tide pools filled to the brim with sea life .
tr	9	Hey , sport , take these into the barn for me , will you ? "
tr	8	Merkel was there organizing the removal of his own dead men .
tr	8	See these notches along the sides of the pegs ?
tr	7	The fear was gone , and a peculiar contentment washed over me .
tr	5	My blood and dried vomit pigment the water then wash down the drain .
tr	8	He didn 't know exactly what , and couldn 't prove anything anyway .
tr	7	The two new Air Force girls arrived and also looked half awake .
tr	8	He stared at her as though regarding a live grenade .
tr	9	She did not know when she fell asleep .
tr	9	He was gone again , lost to her as a companion .
tr	6	" Takes after his father , " I told George , and he puffed his chest up .
tr	9	A truck sped past her , the German driver calling something out to her as he passed .
tr	6	" Absolutely , we 'll be right there , Mrs. Jones . "
tr	9	I stayed silent , suddenly aware of how close we sat .
tr	8	She said , " Sir , permission to speak freely . "
tr	7	Chapter Twelve Hiro brought them over tree roots , past boulders , down trenches and over tiny trickling streams .
tr	10	I had been given a room on the ground floor at the back of the main lodge .
tr	8	Even with her head bent over the table she could sense Sky 's growing impatience .
tr	10	But once they left the jurisdiction , clan law would force Sven 's men to stop their pursuit .
tr	10	" Do you know who I am ? "
tr	6	" Come , " she called , and with her the whole Colony hummed .
tr	6	" Huh ... Hey , you sure this is the right place ? "
tr	10	The lady next door is leaving today and wondered if she could have the thermometer back ?
tr	10	The Chickasaw casualties were light , primarily because of the attack at night .
tr	6	† † † Commotion filled the harbour early the next morning .
tr	6	' A bit stiff , but okay otherwise , ' I replied .
tr	5	" My hands -- " " Use your teeth . "
tr	11	The Prince , who all his life had been inclined to introversion , had no complaints .
tr	8	Looking around the king 's tomb they found some scrolls .
tr	9	I wanted to save him for real .
tr	5	" Well , you know , he is a pirate . "
tr	11	The extended family focused on Anna , who was starting the high jump .
tr	5	" What 's her name ? "
tr	5	At the top landing , a weird shiver skated down my spine .
tr	9	He folded silently at my feet , a look of stunned surprise on his face .
tr	7	With remarkable ease , Warrior pulls a huge chuck of scale and hull away .
tr	10	But soon you will get to know him yourselves . "
tr	8	About three hours after they had left the plane he disappeared into the woods for almost ten minutes .
tr	6	" Not with a wild coyote up there I won 't . "
tr	9	Brand had never been part of any court , nor had he ever had the title " sir . "
tr	7	" Albert , you know who I am .
tr	8	" This is not necessary , " he managed to grind out .
tr	8	He sat there for a moment , holding himself in check .
tr	5	Back the right face and your " taking head " becomes president .
tr	8	They taught me a new style of fighting .
tr	6	' Anna 's mother , Lily , was my youngest child . '
tr	5	" Doctor , I must protest .
tr	10	" Shot dead , both of them , and never raised a whimper to warn him . "
tr	10	" Thanks God Sun for helping me in this difficult case !
tr	9	The steps looked terribly steep and far apart , and he felt dizzy just looking at them .
tr	8	I bring my knees to my chest , loop my arms over them .
tr	7	A few seconds later he let the brakes off and the plane slowly gathered momentum .
tr	8	He waved the man over to the couches in the center of the room .
tr	11	We need to decide how much that 'll be .
tr	5	" Yeah , the monster , " Sydney echoed .
tr	7	" Yeah , right , " her brother rolled his eyes and retreated into the house .
tr	6	There are so many threats here in Australia , especially in the outback .
tr	6	Turning it off , he got out , walked around and popped the hood .
tr	9	Stinky would wag her upper body back and forth as she rode Hailey .
tr	9	Victor and Tomas were waiting for us when we reached the mansion .
tr	6	At the second intersection , I paused and turned left .
tr	9	I love the breeze how it tickles me .
tr	9	" My crimes are too numerous to mention , " Hilda said .
tr	10	Rafe fought within himself to find a suitable answer for this question .
tr	6	Josie got far more attention , in her leather jacket , short-shorts and sandals .
tr	10	" Then why didn 't you stop at the gas station we just passed ? "
tr	9	I 've talked to many people and they 've all said the same thing ; bullets hurt .
tr	6	" And as competitive as they are , they agreed with that condition . "
tr	9	He was also the recipient of much praise during their victory celebration . "
tr	9	" Safe and sound , at this very moment resting in your tent . "
tr	7	Chip had a lot of time on his hands these days .
tr	7	Did I want the bad news -- or the even worse news ?
tr	11	" If I had known then what I know now , I would never have embroiled myself in this mess .
tr	10	She killed the current display , bringing up the translated interface before taking a drink .
tr	9	" I -- I 'm gon na die anyway .
tr	6	Not just to me , not just to Avril , not just to my sister .
tr	7	As she took some test steps , pain shot through that leg and up into her body .
tr	10	If she did not know better , she would have thought that they were alone .
tr	9	He gratefully mouthed his thanks as they all obeyed instantly without hesitation .
tr	8	Many of our people , including the captain , had died of the fever and Cisco was the official leader .
tr	10	Claire realised she sounded like a wife and blushed .
tr	5	" I love you too . "
tr	10	The phone is on its last chord of the Macarena when I take it from his hand and accept the call .
tr	6	Satisfied and without a word , he carried her out .
tr	7	† † † " Cisco , you have called for me .
tr	9	I started to walk away , but Malcolm didn 't move .
tr	9	When they approached my cell I was gambling and winning against one of the pirates for my dinner .
tr	7	Cade still studied the darkness , a weapon walking , seeking only a target .
tr	5	" And in this , we are your people , too . "
tr	5	" A little bit , " he said .
tr	8	Taylor 's eyes got back some of their clarity but his face was still contorted from pain .
tr	8	I said carefully into the mouthpiece , my gaze not shifting from the doorway .
tr	8	My words came out as a whisper as my throat closed up .
tr	8	The kind of something that Finn absolutely hated .
tr	10	I wondered how long these two had been lovers and how recent the separation had been .
tr	5	However , on the fourth day out , the weather closed in .
tr	9	" If you gentlemen need some privacy , I need to go check on the assembly anyway . "
tr	9	Amira wanted to go with him .
tr	9	If Mark was really born in 1928 , he would probably dress like her grandpa .
tr	10	" A story , " the Prince explained , " I was told when I was growing up .
tr	11	There will be thirty-six canisters of cargo in the shuttle 's cargo hold .
tr	8	That you would never be burdened with the truth . "
tr	10	It had no reason to go quietly about its business .
tr	11	" You said our magic would be useless against the Tome . "
tr	6	Sparkling eyes hardened right back into cold , emotionless slate .
tr	8	Should that service end for any reason , all could be thrown right back out of the JP .
tr	8	As he turned his head back to his adversary , he received a harsh blow to his nose .
tr	7	" Don 't interrupt me , " she said , sneering .
tr	11	He spun around to check his surroundings for any sign of movement .
tr	8	" Yes , without a mate a Wolf may not be anything but a Beta .
tr	8	" Read and sign this last contract , gentlemen , and yes , you both have jobs . "
tr	8	This was Kai 's first kill of the day , but it almost certainly would not be his last .
tr	6	With a sigh the dark man drew back his arm and threw his knife .
tr	11	Mrs. Williams sighed and shook her head as she crumbled the uneaten bread and threw it out for the birds .
tr	8	I was no longer angry about simply the situation but also with Drake 's demeanour .
tr	6	He clapped Logan again , this time on the shoulder and nearly knocked the lad over .
tr	7	I stopped by the second body and crouched down .
tr	8	He had a pair of reading glasses on a chain around his neck .
tr	11	He had been in a tunnel deep within the woodpile on this farthest part of the yard .
tr	9	" Anything to set my lady 's mind at rest . "
tr	9	When he got the all clear , the engineer nodded up to the captain before chirping something into a walkie talkie .
tr	10	Father said we 're a long way from civilisation . "
tr	9	" When was the last time you saw him ? "
tr	9	Rafferty scared the shit out of me at the gate , Robbie I want to talk to you . "
tr	6	" Sorry ... " " This is impossible , " Veronica argued worriedly .
tr	6	We 'll talk later then . "
tr	11	That was all I needed to hear .
tr	6	My Audi filled with white light from an oncoming heavy goods vehicle .
tr	9	We are two days behind , but our ship is faster when we set full sails .
tr	11	She looked at Donovan who was still watching the storm clouds move in .
tr	10	The man stood up and faced Mirai , reaching a hand out to grasp her shoulder .
tr	9	A heavy weight appeared to lift off David 's shoulders .
tr	7	For a long moment , assassins and guards simply stared at each other , not speaking .
tr	9	The t-shirt he wore under his blazer bore a silhouette of Che Guevara 's face .
tr	11	It always annoyed Edmund when she asked lots of questions .
tr	10	Apparently it 's a six minute sea bus ride over depending on boat traffic .
tr	5	He was healthy and normal again , and remains so ever since . "
tr	7	With my breath smelling of fermented grapes I slipped into a dream .
tr	7	Regaining his senses , the boy rolls to his feet and collects his bearings .
tr	9	Reaching out she clutched his arm as he turned away from her .
tr	10	" Commander Tork has already agreed to accompany us as a military escort . "
tr	7	My feet planted into the soft cool sand and I balanced upright .
tr	9	The somber light fell against them as well as the valleys of their homeland under siege by the black armies .
tr	10	I hear it was originally owned by Sir Tim Birkin .
tr	9	He watched them pass him and then he resumed his stroll .
tr	9	Derek was overwhelmed , keeping a tight hold on her hands .
tr	9	Was this indeed the new reality of life , kill or be killed .
tr	11	Bent even says you need to stop now .
tr	11	He heard her begin to cry softly .
tr	9	I 'm not going to leave you alone . "
tr	7	Noah leaned back and spoke into her ear .
tr	9	Be something if the only thing working is my mouth , wouldn 't it ?
tr	5	No dogs , cats , goldfish , not even a potted plant .
tr	10	By the time lunch was served , clouds had begun to accumulate in the clear sky .
tr	9	But I probably wouldn 't enjoy another one until I found Aimee .
tr	7	" Oh , dear , the shirt won 't go over the handcuffs , but that 's okay . "
tr	5	Their farm implements were simply superb .
tr	8	' Go do this ... go do that ' ; ' yes sir , yes sir , three bags full . '
tr	9	During the mid-morning of the second day Hailey was surprised by the swift approach of a Hawk .
tr	8	" They will all be destroyed someday , " James affirmed .
tr	7	Not be home before Christmas ?
tr	7	The orb played a few more sad notes , then bobbed once and drifted a few meters away .
tr	8	She had fired fifteen or twenty shots and stopped eight or nine zombies .
tr	7	Each and every one of his people wear a similar jewel .
tr	8	We made to stand , but the man motioned us back into our seats .
tr	10	Let her believe what she will .
tr	5	Victoria , Did you see that whole session ? "
tr	10	It happened so fast and completely that it took Michael and me a good while to understand .
tr	10	Their weapons had proven to be advanced , reliable and largely unimaginative .
tr	8	" That 's how I flunked the test . "
tr	10	' Thought I best mention they 're calling last orders at the bar . '
tr	5	Courtney Cole 122 With My Last Breath , Book Three Lucan stepped forward .
tr	6	Scream again , tongue crackling , throat pinched tight , sizzling eyes wide with terror .
tr	8	On this particular occasion , the Irishman and his friend were returning from the Cape Colony en route to Dublin .
tr	7	Destro rushed out of the bunker entrance and stared for a moment .
tr	6	" Thanks Dan , " We were back into the silent mode .
tr	11	She felt him try to sit up .
tr	11	I 'd love to check in with him , too . "
tr	9	" The saying of such things is only easy if one has had much practise .
tr	8	With both arms extended in a calming gesture , she ceases her advance for the time being .
tr	10	She had fallen on the bedroom floor , Mrs. Thompson 's gun and the phone close by .
tr	9	He would prove himself as strong as her .
tr	9	But I will do my best to ease your pain .
tr	6	a teacher , a staff sergeant , burst into the gym .
tr	9	It was Drake who answered the disembodied voice .
tr	11	I am anxious to get back to work .
tr	11	He then considered searching the rest of the house for the target .
tr	7	Rand shifted , looking worried .
tr	7	From the minute Sarah came into the coop , the chicken ran from her .
tr	6	" Why are you doing this ? "
tr	9	" Hang on a minute George my phone 's going , no bloody peace ! "
tr	9	" So is she living in the City of the Robots ? "
tr	10	I thought it would be safer over here , and I was looking for your village . "
tr	9	Kurt felt a twinge of guilt , as he thought of Amelia .
tr	5	In an instant the dungeon went black .
tr	5	Like the well , it 's not small .
tr	8	At least when gold and a Persian noble 's beautiful daughter are involved .
tr	9	It was followed by a voice crying " Oskar !
tr	9	Everyone around them began to choke and pant for air .
tr	8	You know I have something .
tr	8	Leclerc said , " You haven 't seen anything yet , preacher .
tr	9	He nodded , drew the Glock and stood to the side of the door .
tr	9	I had no time for contemplation on that though .
tr	9	Let me guess , Inspector Lau ! "
tr	7	Maybe even a unique thing , a light on a hill , but it is fragile still .
tr	9	Ward always escaped to the beauties of nature whenever something troubled him ; Ireland had taught him well .
tr	7	Jin threw his jacket on the floor and fell back on his bed , kicking off his shoes .
tr	8	Lonnie said as he and Ricky blocked their way .
tr	6	Meatball leaned forward , the long blade of the knife thrust ahead of him .
tr	6	Besides , with its irregular shape , the place was as defensible as a castle .
tr	10	Finally waking she sits up in bed , not surprised to find her king already prepared to depart .
tr	8	Less than a mile away , sunlight glinted on the steel work of the Tobin Bridge .
tr	11	If life is to survive and thrive in such hostile enviroments , it will be necessary for it to adapt .
tr	8	The more he thought about it , the more only one name came to mind .
tr	5	" Hey , Guv , " he said easily .
tr	7	" Small world , son , a small magical world indeed , " Fritz replied with a knowing smile .
tr	10	Elaina supposed he thought her impressed .
tr	7	" No , " he admitted , squishing her hopes .
tr	8	The Commander walked over to the two men kneeling on the floor .
tr	5	Courtney Cole 74 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Everyone , listen !
tr	9	Mirai looked at each man in turn , a disarming smile on her lips .
tr	7	We finally stopped before the Black Knight , our waists and legs still in the water .
tr	7	With a whinny he was ready for action .
tr	5	' No , ' I replied , ' I suppose not . '
tr	7	" Don 't be angry , " a small voice whispers in Jason 's mind .
tr	6	" Well , at least this wasn 't my sword arm , " she said .
tr	10	He 'll know how to stop the hit .
tr	6	( I did , too , but am fine . )
tr	8	" Astral House , " Jason recalls , looking around the bedroom .
tr	10	" It is because of what I am , isn 't it ? "
tr	10	Easy to put on a front on the phone .
tr	11	The wall had a second , smaller gate that was hidden from view .
tr	8	He felt helpless in the back of the Comet .
tr	10	We were just taking a bathroom break when we stumbled onto you . "
tr	6	Tiny little machines buzzed between , over and around the houses like friendly bees .
tr	10	How long can she last , do you think ? "
tr	8	She came to him and gave him a hug , and they kissed .
tr	9	Once whilst holding onto his dad and swimming together underwater they were brushed by a large shark .
tr	10	It was the best I could hope for .
tr	7	" That 's where you work ? "
tr	7	Foxton drew a long , heavy breath from the Toscano and let the smoke filter through his narrow mouth .
tr	6	He went down with a crash .
tr	10	The band played not stopping until their sound became redoubtable .
tr	8	A mistake he does not intend to repeat .
tr	5	Okay bartenders , first , your job isn 't really hard .
tr	6	" Very well , " the governor sighed , " just remember , you brought this on yourself . "
tr	10	Harry had trouble keeping steady sitting in the snow .
tr	10	It 's almost like you have it just for this one , specific plot point . "
tr	10	Josie looked at Mark , holding the steel box in front of him .
tr	8	Babushka and Andre continued to sleep , but Lena was already awake and working at the stove .
tr	6	When Anna ordered , an identical table rose from the floor .
tr	11	Friends , at what time she goes to sleep or she wakes up , what movie she watches ... everything .
tr	6	" I 'm sure its brilliant , " he replied , and exited the cockpit .
tr	11	She 'd managed to give him a run for his money .
tr	8	He pointed towards the back of the church .
tr	9	Miriam watched them leave and felt a bit cross .
tr	11	That 's why I wanted to meet you .
tr	11	I greedily drank until I thought I might puke .
tr	9	We also had complete faith in the principle of wellbeing .
tr	11	He let her know he was smiling .
tr	9	Every time they came to a turn or a fork Kevin stopped and motioned to Missy to listen .
tr	7	He turned and headed back down the hill and then took the path in the opposite direction .
tr	11	He watched it , fearing it would face him .
tr	6	Okay , this part is definitely illegal , but I answer him anyway .
tr	9	I 'm trying to forget it .
tr	8	He was jumped from behind , but one black foe was not his match and one would not be missed .
tr	9	texted back Colonel Mike Jackson from central headquarters in Baghdad .
tr	7	His sword , fallen from his hand , could not be touched .
tr	8	It seemed like more than half the town was here .
tr	8	I strain to catch the words .
tr	8	Too bad I 'm not The Lucky One , " Tori said and laughed to herself .
tr	11	I have got to get to sleep .
tr	10	A warm splatter of saliva slaps against Garo 's robe before he executes the second carnivorous sprout .
tr	9	At first Ivan remained at home and busied himself writing a new mathematics text book for his senior classes .
tr	9	" I wonder where they 're headed off to ? "
tr	7	" Perhaps the Illinois school system should do a better job teaching about local heroes . "
tr	9	" Now , I want you to come out onto the porch ! "
tr	8	We had to find her !
tr	7	I 'll arrange it with Mrs. Thompson ... .
tr	10	Like my mother should have done ?
tr	7	After several painful moments , Claire pushed at his chest and he broke free , panting .
tr	8	" My lady , Lance emerged from the chamber ... deformed , " Meagan explains carefully .
tr	7	Lived with his extended family around these parts as gypsies do -- under bridges , in caravans and tents .
tr	9	I know it was my grandfather 's position .
tr	6	We took off our seat belts and get out .
tr	5	Did little boys just ooze sticky resin , like snails ? ) .
tr	10	So , thank you , I think many Japanese people will agree with you . "
tr	6	Their planned launch date was still a few weeks out . "
tr	7	He missed Mom just as much as I did .
tr	11	She moved to try to save him .
tr	6	It was as simple as that .
tr	6	But my grin wasn 't returned ; only an uneasy smile was offered .
tr	10	The building , which had once been meticulously kept , began to exhibit an air of neglect .
tr	11	But do keep trying to persuade me .
tr	8	Anderson pinned the bright shiny eagles to the collars of Nathan red flannel shirt .
tr	8	" While you are right technically , you are wrong in reality , " she countered .
tr	5	" Did he hurt you ? "
tr	11	" Aren 't you working today ? "
tr	11	She wants to take some pictures of you and study your facial features in different light . "
tr	10	' I 'm sure there 'll be a table . '
tr	9	He was last seen dancing toward the gate to the palisade .
tr	9	Who said I had an attitude ? '
tr	10	Stop trying to talk to us .
tr	9	She moved directly at the Cat until she was five feet away from him .
tr	11	Gradually the bass drum steadied into a regular beat and Claire was able to concentrate on her breathing .
tr	10	This tower has a labyrinth that leads to a crypt .
tr	7	Climbing through the mountains left far too much time for thinking .
tr	5	" Sorry Viv , there 's no smoking here ... .
tr	10	I got to shoot them some , " Melody said .
tr	8	" You know what I mean , " Chris said .
tr	6	I could not blame her .
tr	5	Miriam saw her ' aunt ' turn purple .
tr	8	He was hunched over in his chair , his arms resting on his knees , as if he was sulking .
tr	10	Bax smiled while he continued separating the pages .
tr	9	You are all he talks about .
tr	6	Ten minutes later all four horses were ready and Kevin handed out helmets .
tr	8	Her thoughts went to Col 's wife , the gift woman .
tr	7	" Yeah , Donny has a good heart and Ryan has the craziest luck , " Chris started his own story .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	9	You say they are a league off ? "
tr	7	She weighed it in her hands , " It 's light , like aluminum ! "
tr	6	To her left and right were name-brand clothing stores and above were large electronic billboards and neon lights .
tr	8	There was an art to this and Beppe was certainly a master at it .
tr	8	His project was like a game of chess .
tr	6	Spit it out , Mister Hawk Banks , " she responded threateningly .
tr	6	He was tall and agile , his muscles lean and powerful , his skin wet and glistening like oil .
tr	10	He watched Sidney out of the corner of his eye and saw she was watching the mountains closely now .
tr	8	Codeine if it 's severe .
tr	7	' Sure looks like it , ' I murmured .
tr	7	When they were much younger , a few of the neighborhood kids played hide-and-seek in John 's back yard .
tr	9	Good to know she can .
tr	8	" It can be done ... expensive but possible ... ... all a matter of timing . "
tr	8	" Time to taste revenge Collins , " she said to herself and went to Mr. Singer 's office .
tr	10	I had not ordered us to combat stations yet , " the Admiral grumbles with annoyance .
tr	11	Why do you come with dozens of men in your retinue ?
tr	6	It was too silent , too still .
tr	9	" The walls are actually steel lined and there are separate humidity and temperature controls in here , " said George .
tr	9	In an instant , any fear I once harboured washed away .
tr	9	Two large skylights revealed the morning sky , casting large swaths of light into the giant room .
tr	11	' Looks cool , ' Calvin said stepping off the stage seeing what the audience would .
tr	11	It 'll give you something else to think about .
tr	7	From time to time , Frank looked over in a supervisory manner at the Pastor 's work .
tr	7	" When he arrives here , " she said , " you will offer him your gift . "
tr	9	That seemed to please him at least a little .
tr	8	" Will you take us ? "
tr	9	" Before you start having a fit , let me explain .
tr	8	She was still the girl and the guys never let her forget it .
tr	9	Then she said we would have a son .
tr	9	He was going to save the world .
tr	9	After seeing the students in action , Harold felt more confident of what the future would bring .
tr	9	But wearing a suit would make me a target to petty thieves ! "
tr	9	Time enough later for angst and self-doubt and plans for the future to be aired and discussed .
tr	10	Able to dodge in time , Rift catches a glimpse of an opening as the animal dives past him .
tr	10	Harry was the first to put it into words .
tr	6	Polished from her metallic gold wig to her patent leather high heels , gripping a clipboard .
tr	7	She 's casting for him again .
tr	9	He guessed they 'd get along fine .
tr	8	He stood up and gathering up his belongings , headed for home .
tr	11	What would drive someone to live in such a place ?
tr	5	" In a limited capacity , yes , " Mr. Stott said .
tr	8	They all volunteered to go first .
tr	11	The helpless groan of a ghostly man echoes through the wind , traveling between the few gravestones that still stand .
tr	6	" Oh , just come on , I haven 't all damn day . "
tr	10	" I thought you were immune from disease ? "
tr	11	Do you know where he is ? "
tr	11	Jennings hadn 't even left for London yet so there was plenty of time .
tr	5	" Yes , " he answered coolly .
tr	10	She snorted trying to stifle her embarrassment .
tr	10	" Are you guys ready for this ? "
tr	7	Scott looked up and chuckled then hung them back on the rack .
tr	9	She could hear Kevin laughing on the other side .
tr	9	I nodded and raced across the concourse , the katana in one hand and the Smith and Wesson in the other .
tr	8	" Just take it from me that things turn out OK ! "
tr	8	Now , when I could use a hand , you 're two streets behind .
tr	7	Mr. Alex taking out our agent with his rifle would have been a tough break ! "
tr	8	" Wow , you actually think you 're funny .
tr	8	I cleared away those thoughts as we entered the library .
tr	8	Rob said and he went right up close to the drapery and read the message by the flickering light .
tr	8	More than any place she had visited in New Zealand , the place felt welcoming ; as if she belonged there .
tr	9	The second prisoner 's return trip can be put off for a day or two .
tr	9	" You keep looking for him out here , " she said .
tr	5	He was the key . "
tr	6	" I 'm fine , " I said , my voice totally , completely normal .
tr	6	With no effort , she pulled the star and crystal away from the cliff .
tr	10	He stepped through the crowd , crossing the room where he knelt .
tr	9	For a second I thought I be kissing the tarmac . "
tr	7	' When it starts , it starts quickly , ' had observed Toby 's landlady when the first snow fell .
tr	7	In the back corner of the wooden structure was a trap door that he lifted .
tr	11	" See if there 's anything worth taking in here .
tr	6	' Evie , this is my grandfather , Lord Ashleigh , and my grandmother Lady Ashleigh . '
tr	9	Good all was going according to plan and it was down to fine-tuning .
tr	8	As Jessica opened the kitchen door , a man in shorts carrying a large knife filled the doorway .
tr	8	I push harder , leaving angry red rashes across my breasts and stomach .
tr	10	With her free hand she reaches over to grasp the hilt of the blade .
tr	6	Harry here lives in Gloucester . "
tr	9	She had to keep moving .
tr	6	" Yes , Yes ... No - I mean , how - ? "
tr	8	Atticus led the way and as we climbed .
tr	6	Biting her lip , Mary Ellen told herself to steady her breathing and stop acting like an infernal ninny .
tr	8	Dressed in a black pencil skirt and white blouse , she had shoulder-length auburn hair and a tight athletic build .
tr	11	You can injure yourself too if you 're jealous of my wound . "
tr	9	For years he had driven to their place in his second hand Renault .
tr	6	Then he disappeared up the steps and they breathed again .
tr	7	Her eyes flickered to Valerian , and she lowered them quickly .
tr	9	Maggie opened the roof doors and , 30 feet from the side of the space station , VIN used his thrusters .
tr	6	He turned and disappeared down an adjoining hall , swallowed up by the palace itself .
tr	6	Part 3 Chapter 31 " Oh Troy , mi amor ! "
tr	10	The sun was sinking towards the horizon when a noise woke me hours later .
tr	6	With a resigned sigh , he started the car and pointed it west .
tr	11	What had happened after she ran to Anya ?
tr	9	There is a neighbour looking after the place , awaiting your return . "
tr	10	In just over a year , they would be launching ships to establish orbital superiority .
tr	6	The agents stepped closer and fired their tasers .
tr	8	The decrepit armor is obliterated along with the undead guardian 's ribs and spine .
tr	8	She looked around , and with the Spear she could see them : opossums , snakes , mice and rats .
tr	7	With a steady hand , he unloaded both magazines and reloaded them in a new pattern .
tr	7	But , as they say , all your problems really started when the Divine Star disappeared .
tr	9	" Then she will have to be led . "
tr	10	He spread his wings and flapped them once as he vaulted into the air .
tr	8	' Here , let me give you a hand . '
tr	8	" He keeps a suite in the castle , so he is currently there , also under guard .
tr	8	Were they really risking their lives just because Donovan asked them to ?
tr	8	We wandered the forests about the school , never fearful of discovery .
tr	7	It was weak and lop-sided , and looked out of place on his pale face .
tr	7	There Laurence and his family were waiting with the bags .
tr	10	Get some rest and plan to go in an hour after the trucks leave .
tr	6	" There 's always another way - " " No , " he said , " there isn 't . "
tr	9	Atticus always had a smile on his face when talking to strangers .
tr	9	I may not survive , " Warrior yells over the sound of screaming .
tr	6	With not so gentle a nudge , I pushed her aside and sprinted .
tr	6	" Like that old saying , the more things change , the more they stay the same . "
tr	6	The boys are on the ball .
tr	6	His breath smelled like peppermint and sugar .
tr	8	He watched their reactions carefully , recording every tiny detail , no matter how insignificant it seemed .
tr	10	" It 's LIES I 'm tellin ' ya ! "
tr	8	How the balance of elements was knocked askew .
tr	10	These crashed into the fray with the devastating effect of a hurricane plowing through a grove of saplings .
tr	10	" Will you play with me , Uncle Kurt ? "
tr	6	Now , will one of you pour me a drink ?
tr	10	He commands as Dark Link prepares to counter .
tr	7	If he had half a chance , he would pursue her .
tr	11	" I just knew I had to stop it now . "
tr	9	Steve grinned and shook his head before he moved the truck forward again .
tr	6	Not a psychic wall , or even an electronic shield , but a wall that felt shadowy and thick with evil .
tr	8	" You give everyone a lot of entertainment , " it whispered .
tr	10	Though Stu said little he seemed more regular Katherine thought .
tr	10	She shook her head , eyes wide with the realization of her possibly near fatal mistake .
tr	11	Anna nodded , scrunching her face up to show displeasure , " Yeah , he does .
tr	11	She tells me that she is still concerned about her men and the sheep .
tr	6	I have no choice either . "
tr	8	The changes all came from the king 's tour of our rural districts .
tr	9	There was very little traffic on the river path , as the night was almost too dark for travel .
tr	6	" As gorgeous as I do now , but a very different shade of skin . "
tr	7	It 's a very famous ring and the robots prize it very highly .
tr	9	Bombs had churned up clods of earth and dug craters into the ground around the main lodge .
tr	8	That 's how Gabe found me .
tr	11	" Do I really need to do this ? "
tr	7	The guard dog tensed , coiled its back legs like a spring and then raced towards me .
tr	11	" It would seem more logical to keep the previous knowledge and experience close at hand . "
tr	10	But it was pushing outward and Missy had nowhere to step to from her crouching position .
tr	5	" So not ' Technical difficulties ' then . "
tr	10	Thomas watched as the water level rose nonstop towards them , promptly revealing their impending doom .
tr	8	In the space of one short month , she had become the sister that Sarah never had .
tr	8	The roadster was still some hundred feet away , in the shadow of another building .
tr	11	Sydney and Avril both wore poodle skirts and had their hair in ponytails .
tr	8	He could feel it , but he could not put his finger on it yet .
tr	9	It was time for another day off and Jonesy did his numbers for Ryan .
tr	8	enough that we have it for now .
tr	10	They both dismissed the question and set about helping the girls out of the cave .
tr	11	Beth knew she had to strike back .
tr	5	" So medieval , " an unpleasantly shrill , female voice gushed back .
tr	7	He examined it but found no markings on it .
tr	10	" Think I 'm gon na get some air , " he said .
tr	8	Oh God , I really need some help right now , cause I 'm really angry .
tr	9	That 's when I got into the bounty hunting racket .
tr	9	With the best intentions of being more careful this time he opened the gate and joined Fritz at his table .
tr	7	The owner 's son was there at that time , and the lady explained him the situation .
tr	7	Go on , eat something , and then we 'll go . "
tr	10	Sleet handed off her M4 battle rifle to Iceberg and crawled over to assume his position behind the SAW .
tr	6	Nothing was amiss and she felt truly loved and adored .
tr	11	He stood up and felt a little dizzy so he leaned over and rested his hands on his knees .
tr	9	She needed to say something to him .
tr	6	" Inside grandpa 's casket , buried at the cemetery , right ? "
tr	7	" Something came up , box up my usual and run it over to the station with the prisoners .
tr	6	John cried out , with laughter in his voice .
tr	6	On Thursday Little Spirit walked into the car park at BBC Television Centre .
tr	7	This breaking with their weekend routine was a new development for him .
tr	7	He didn 't realize Thane 's motives .
tr	9	We nodded , and moved closer to the king as we approached the perimeter fence .
tr	10	The intensity was too great to escape her , yet was swift and vague as cloud shadow .
tr	10	We can set up here and wait for awhile and see what happens .
tr	11	He was even younger than Cliff , who was only nineteen .
tr	6	Taylor 's right knee came up like a reflex .
tr	7	" I 'm sorry , again , I 'm sorry for ... " Sarah indicated the porch .
tr	6	How could he endure it ?
tr	11	Mike paid his bill and said ' thank you ' and ' goodbye ' .
tr	11	Her form twisted and transformed returning to the guise of a muscled monstrosity .
tr	8	Take your hand off me bitch !
tr	8	Wealth is plentiful , save for the dirty peasants .
tr	6	For a moment she stares at me .
tr	10	The words refused to come , even with the pictures Josh had taken .
tr	5	" We don 't , really , " I answered quickly .
tr	9	The more I hung around him the more I hated him and the more he loved me .
tr	8	He wasn 't smiling , and that thing putted me to think .
tr	6	" Sir ... twenty unregistered vessels ... all heavily armed , " Aria announces .
tr	7	He felt a tickle in his throat and stifled a cough .
tr	10	" Did he tell you we called her witch ? "
tr	11	Are you willing to take that chance ? "
tr	6	" A loud mouthed girl and a boy in a bin liner skirt . "
tr	6	" Not at first , but he 's the king , ya know ? "
tr	10	But it 's going to put the I.Q. people out of business .
tr	7	He looked slightly to the right , obviously reading cue cards .
tr	8	She ran off , away from the throne room , and vanished out of sight .
tr	8	I knew of its presence and of its purpose , though I am not sure why .
tr	6	" Look here , Mr. McGill , " Carter said , the smile fading quickly from his lips .
tr	11	You were the last person she was serious with and that was , five years ago ?
tr	11	His face was smooth , but his dark eyes made her want to cry .
tr	7	It was evident in his eyes , in his face , and in his voice .
tr	9	" This corn is ready to pick , " said Waving Willow .
tr	9	Perhaps we 'll even see some indigenous albino raccoons up in that there forest , there . "
tr	8	" Son , I don 't want you to manage .
tr	11	when they had all gone to a new place on Market and Main downtown .
tr	11	When I finished it was Jim 's turn and he filled me in on what they had done .
tr	6	Alex puffed out her lip , but reluctantly sat down .
tr	10	Fletcher to ensure he was unconscious , he was now ready .
tr	6	" So , Savvy Bent , tell me about yourself . "
tr	10	It was no use ; she was caught like a worm on a hook .
tr	8	Ryan checked back with the dozen personnel monitoring the flight in ground control .
tr	9	" Switch to regular vision , " the Captain ordered and paused for everyone to adjust their glasses .
tr	5	" So , you left the gringo couple alone ? "
tr	8	The sergeant came over with a steaming cup of coffee .
tr	9	She saw him working on his project and checked with him .
tr	7	" Just making sure ! "
tr	5	" I understand - " " No , you don 't . "
tr	6	This boy , Timothy Hutchins , learned a lesson about our beautiful city .
tr	8	He spun knobs on the amp as Danny , a clueless spectator , watched the comedy .
tr	10	" Where did he learn to curse like that ? "
tr	5	" Just as well I am a frail old man . "
tr	8	Hung 's weapon began to chatter away , making an immediate difference in the fight .
tr	10	Elaina usually slept twice as long as the other two , exhausted by her new method of morning chores .
tr	6	It sounded , they say , like someone counting : One , Two , Three , Four .
tr	7	The counter had nothing on it .
tr	8	" What are you doing sneaking around my place ?
tr	8	About him there was an aura of impatient tension and , she decided , he was probably decisive .
tr	7	Sometimes the banks dropped low , and she could see the dark hills all around .
tr	9	They assured him that Rupert was resting as comfortably as possible , and then they excused themselves .
tr	10	she wondered , fondling the strands of Raven 's hair .
tr	7	The woman gratefully stroked the falcon 's wings and a second later he flew off .
tr	10	Sarah put out a hand to touch her on the shoulder .
tr	9	We need to get moving . "
tr	6	He clapped his hands together in appreciation .
tr	7	Landon looked up , surprised -- he had not noticed yet .
tr	10	Then Ben remembered that the ring was still sitting tight in his fist .
tr	7	Simon arrived at the hospital 20 minutes after the first helicopter landed .
tr	10	I 've dreamed of kissing you , of waking with you . '
tr	8	Mana put her hand on Miriam 's shoulder , stopping the outburst , and smiled .
tr	7	For emphasis , the cruel man lashed a kick into Henri 's bruised and bleeding face .
tr	7	Was that how he talked now ?
tr	7	S -- T -- U -- PID ! "
tr	8	I felt it would never stop .
tr	7	" What 's going on ? "
tr	10	" Adele , you were not upset by my father 's words tonight , were you ? "
tr	11	" I know you loved my brother , " he said , forcing his voice to sound calm .
tr	6	Her drawings of horses , elves , pixies , and dragons were scattered everywhere .
tr	8	" Yeah , here , " Tori said and handed her mother a laminated piece of paper .
tr	5	In Florida , all doors , either commercial or residential , pulled outward .
tr	11	I say we go do something else .
tr	11	I would guess there are probably 700 vials in here right now .
tr	6	Gabe strokes the rabbit 's long ears .
tr	8	I tried not to inhale the heady smell .
tr	11	Sitting up the knowledge of what she must do came to her .
tr	9	These maneuvers , Mr. Jones , will leave you with just enough hydrogen for your usual low reentry .
tr	9	She is dressed in a dirty soiled dress , her face pale and covered in grime and blood .
tr	7	" So , where do we go from here , partner ? "
tr	6	With a strong mind and a resolute heart , everyone went to the ring .
tr	8	I dragged Atticus with me while I explained my plan .
tr	7	Each warrior was fully armed with war clubs , spears , bows and arrows .
tr	7	" He 's dying , " Avril said next to me , " Oh , Linc .
tr	11	" But I 'll tell everything to your commander if you would just take me to him . "
tr	10	Rand pulled away , his arm falling from her waist , and she realised that she had been silent too long .
tr	9	" I say , decent bit of leaf , this , " the voice added .
tr	9	Who even knew I was here ?
tr	11	He leaned against the wall , chest heaving , sweat dripping like he 'd just taken a shower .
tr	5	The cleave of monster and human .
tr	8	Their eyes looked around quickly , searching for any threat .
tr	7	" Those before the fort will hamper our exit , sir , " observed Major Reno on a gray horse .
tr	11	I mean I hope she just dates me now .
tr	7	With Phillip , Martin 's twin brother , restored to the throne , things were slowly returning to normal .
tr	11	They seemed to know what they were doing .
tr	8	" Thanks for reminding me . "
tr	10	- You 're cheaper to keep than a sparrow .
tr	7	We need to talk . "
tr	11	It will get you where you need to go .
tr	9	There was silence on the line for perhaps ten seconds , before the other end disconnected the call .
tr	6	Like at a discount garden store , flowers were everywhere , some real , some silk , some faded and plastic .
tr	9	How had he been taken , and to what purpose had he been held for so long ?
tr	11	Say you will return to Islam and no longer follow Jesus . "
tr	7	Neil collapsed onto the seat and leaned his head back .
tr	6	Bringing my sword up , I parried the thrust from the man .
tr	6	" Well that 's just rude , " the man frowns .
tr	8	" I have seen your faces before this night , I think . "
tr	9	" Why would they make it look natural , and put supports in it ? "
tr	9	Jake wanted the name to be Henry .
tr	9	His mouth opened that he might explain , but he had no words .
tr	8	Rick reached over and slapped him twice across the face open handed .
tr	6	" Of course , " Cathleen replied in that cool , low voice .
tr	5	Both the commander and the sergeant major looked shocked .
tr	5	" Yes , " he replied .
tr	10	Do you believe in fate ? "
tr	9	My gut tells me they took another car from the train . "
tr	11	Spyder was looking at the large piece of rotten wood in his hands .
tr	7	Missy always had dibs on Misty .
tr	7	They spent most of their days cutting down trees .
tr	11	She still had to check in on Devon on the way home .
tr	5	No ice cream sellers , no rock pools and crabs and donkey rides .
tr	7	And he might not be for much longer .
tr	11	I have heard that there is a second lady of the house . "
tr	8	Just before arriving in Sofia Ben fell asleep and had a remarkable dream .
tr	7	I 'd watched just enough spy thrillers with my dad .
tr	8	" She 's American , but she lived with me and my father in England . "
tr	6	" Hold up , here , " he called from the bow after a few minutes .
tr	8	What finally gave her away was the dog .
tr	8	She turned her hands out , palms to her own face .
tr	7	" What is a proper lady doing without a full guard ? "
tr	6	Alex turned as the other two staggered on .
tr	10	I had to risk waking her .
tr	8	" Sounds like a bit of a windup to me , Ms. Jennie , but you can 't be too careful .
tr	6	" He took a fall , " Joe Jack repeated his observation .
tr	8	" Please excuse me , I need to check my messages . "
tr	8	Phillip was familiar with the territory and he led us expertly through the forests and byways .
tr	10	In the gloom , passing patrols had missed me as I dashed to safety .
tr	6	He come down here with three other men .
tr	8	" You knew he had a master then ? "
tr	7	" Oh , " the older woman said , " of course .
tr	8	Three shots rang out in quick succession and John Judge emerged from the building grim faced .
tr	8	With a final effort she reached the pistol , bringing it into her hand .
tr	10	" It 's good to meet you all !
tr	9	" My home , my parents , my brother , " she sobbed , " what has happened ? "
tr	10	It was Bruno that had me anxious .
tr	8	The shadows were cool and long and the sun warm and low in the sky .
tr	10	' Don 't worry , you might still prove to be useful , ' I said tersely .
tr	10	At least we have something to put in our bellies today .
tr	6	" Mine is Adele , this is my friend Eda . "
tr	9	Though on some level it saddened him greatly , Chris was certain now the dog had finally found its master .
tr	9	I want to see something , " Melody asked .
tr	9	I think -- I hope -- the disks in here will tell us . "
tr	6	" Of course she did , " Jason says with a laugh .
tr	9	Regardless , we have business to settle first . "
tr	8	Release the prisoners , and I won 't report you to the police . "
tr	6	Adam , Paul , and Tony fielded a few more questions then the meeting was adjourned .
tr	7	He climbed down from the tree to a campsite he had made .
tr	8	" Maya , you can 't ... " " Can 't contact anyone , I know . "
tr	7	The elevator started to rise .
tr	7	The two brothers , as usual , nodded agreement at their father 's words .
tr	6	His lips and tongue made a slow progression down her neck , over her collar bone , then lower .
tr	8	I tried to pull away , my hopes crashing .
tr	5	" He 's not the same person anymore , Eve . "
tr	8	You will be transported to an evacuation site immediately . "
tr	8	She squeezed his shoulder , gave him a quick kiss on the cheek , and rolled over to sleep .
tr	6	I couldn 't forget those warm chocolate eyes .
tr	7	Finding a quiet bench away from the main congregation , I took a seat and waited for an official announcement .
tr	8	That 's a bit too much to swallow , you know ? "
tr	5	The tallest was a beefy black man .
tr	6	" You can normally select a location manually , as well .
tr	8	I don 't care , you can come as you are . "
tr	10	A few times , we went under into the cold depths , and just barely in time , emerged again .
tr	9	He seemed not quite certain what to do .
tr	10	Alex had taken the tiny urchin under her wing and continued to work with her throughout the year .
tr	9	I would have to show her .
tr	7	The lady glanced back at her team and shrugged .
tr	10	That afternoon the lookout reported a small boat was approaching the ship and reported there were only two people on board .
tr	10	" Okay , if you want to then , " said Waving Willow .
tr	9	He didn 't want to be disturbed .
tr	8	Then , after a few moments , they heard him trotting across the lower ledge .
tr	11	I will buy you a bucket and spade as soon as we get there .
tr	5	" She , Elizabeth , loves animals , especially squirrel .
tr	9	Over the next few weeks it would be text book co-operation between the public and private sectors , or else .
tr	11	He knew how to dress to impress .
tr	10	The bartender placed beers down in front of them all before rushing behind the bar and turning on the TV .
tr	11	All the phones downstairs appeared to have been disconnected for the funeral , as the only ringing came from somewhere upstairs .
tr	9	To kill one of the Children , that was an impossibility .
tr	9	I was feeling guilty by now as well .
tr	10	The trip carried on in relative silence until they stopped for petrol and a meal .
tr	8	he whispered during one of these nights .
tr	7	Reggie considered not congratulating him , but people were watching and expected it .
tr	7	Rafe could feel the blood drain from his face .
tr	11	It 's as though she doesn 't quite know where she belongs .
tr	6	Taking one final cathartic breath , I raised my hand and knocked .
tr	6	A moment later Calvin said , ' Right , okay , ready . '
tr	9	He wondered why in Varda she was telling him this .
tr	5	The laundry held a linen and broom cupboard , washer , dryer and tub .
tr	8	It had to be close .
tr	8	Dennis had gone ashore and made a search but had found no threats .
tr	8	He trailed off , feeling like an idiot .
tr	8	We 'll go via Great Yarmouth and you can see the sea before bedtime .
tr	5	" Thanks , Walt , " Abby said .
tr	11	Do you think you can do that for me ?
tr	8	Before he could do it , the plane literally stopped in mid air and then dropped like a stone .
tr	10	We can finally arrest these traitors and move on with our lives in peace . "
tr	8	" I have an extra challenge this time , and it 's worth more money . "
tr	6	" Wh ... " " Do you just take it black , Rod ? "
tr	6	" So , we are the team , " Sarah said .
tr	9	' I 'm not quite sure where to start , ' he added hesitantly .
tr	7	No one would know of their passage .
tr	10	Without thinking I rose to my feet , making my way to the lake just as a figure walked out .
tr	10	Katherine demonstrated that certain characteristics defining one model as beautiful contradicted other beautiful models .
tr	11	The way he 'd said it didn 't sound like a name -- a title perhaps ?
tr	9	I signalled my intentions to the others before stepping out of the alcove .
tr	8	His skin was sunburned and he was even skinnier than he remembered .
tr	6	" See the freaky ghost dance , " He flapped his arms around and shook his booty .
tr	7	Suddenly his wife , Mary , got out of the room and returned with a cherry pie from the fridge .
tr	9	She used to be so ... alive .
tr	9	CHAPTER EIGHT The next morning , they woke up to frost on the ground .
tr	8	" Do what I say , and we 'll all be fine . "
tr	9	Tommy turned to look at Gary , confused .
tr	10	To add insult to injury , Steve saw that Simon had come through unscathed .
tr	8	He whispered in my ear , " God help me , you 're beautiful .
tr	7	She motioned to her closed bedroom door .
tr	9	Our economy would tank within a year ; massive unemployment , rampant crime , riots . "
tr	7	She changed her network switch to the public internet , and Googled ' blast radius calculator . '
tr	11	I took it to be a wolf at first , but the gleaming yellow eyes told me of my mistake .
tr	8	These new carbon fiber shafts hold up a lot better than the old aluminum ones .
tr	11	William handed the lenses in a clear case to 007 , who held them up to the mask .
tr	10	All this time , I believed he could 've been dead .
tr	6	Abby grabbed a shirt and put it on .
tr	9	Pete took his hat off long enough to wipe sweat off his brow .
tr	10	I love you , Elaina , more than you can imagine .
tr	11	Sure 'n I 'll be the most fashionable man that e 're set sail . "
tr	10	" Pardon me for being skeptical , but maybe it 's because I can 't do that . "
tr	11	" Have you nothing to say to me ? "
tr	7	He had learnt much from them .
tr	9	There was one grouping of couches and chairs around the fireplace and another grouping around a big screen TV .
tr	9	" That tank holds fifty five gallons , but we haven 't had any rain in a while .
tr	6	Only the wise and diplomatic leadership of both nations allowed them to skirt around open warfare .
tr	7	Stay on it , and the new base is about five miles down that way .
tr	10	Everyone agreed except Jessica , " I 'm getting sleepy , " she said , yawning for effect .
tr	9	I smiled and tried to look friendly .
tr	7	Soon mama bear finished her last morsel and turned her attention toward her offspring .
tr	7	" Yeah , but you don 't actually die by your hand !
tr	10	Surely you 're not packing now , if you 're leaving today ?
tr	10	" We have to think of a defense system , " Kendall said .
tr	10	" I must say , " she added thoughtfully , " that governess has worked out quite well .
tr	8	It may be a wildlife preserve or something odd , but I 'll send the info ! "
tr	7	Oh yeah , and I 'm drunk , she thought angrily .
tr	8	After all , we were still working in the same field and shared common interests . '
tr	7	" Come back safe to your lad . "
tr	8	" I assume it 's bad news next , Captain ? "
tr	6	Sawdust and wood shavings covered several tool laden workbenches like miniature snowdrifts .
tr	9	' That 's given me a lump in my throat , ' Amy said .
tr	10	The girl would apparently survive , but she would be recovering for days , if not weeks .
tr	6	" Si , Señora , I confess my sins , " he responded with an impish grin .
tr	6	Within a few seconds , the metal men bashed in onto the floor .
tr	5	" I do not ... what ... ? "
tr	9	The farm was still an ongoing business and all the daily chores had to be maintained .
tr	11	It was a planet with vast oceans separating land masses of various sizes .
tr	7	She winked at John and he grinned back .
tr	11	" And here 's what we found when we started digging . "
tr	8	Layla held her tongue , though it wasn 't easy .
tr	5	Alex and Kaylie shot her angry glares .
tr	9	Do you have any supplies ? "
tr	10	He had come down hard , and he was sure his ribs were broken .
tr	9	Countless lights hung from the trees connected to generators .
tr	8	" I think it may have , though not in the manner you think .
tr	7	He needs to rest . '
tr	11	Was that supposed to be a compliment ? "
tr	10	The light on the next containment door changed to green and a panel slid aside .
tr	6	" Can I please have a venti , iced , nonfat , caramel macchiato , upside down , no whip ? "
tr	9	" Leeds is playing Fulham at home ... ... Elland Road .
tr	9	" No , we 're going to find something here . "
tr	9	" It is one of the oldest names of the Exiled Kindred .
tr	7	Fear and control , those were the keys to everything now .
tr	5	" Okay , never mind , I get your point .
tr	10	He pulled out a bundle wrapped in a blanket from the shelf .
tr	6	" Turn on the rear yard lights then get down low and out of sight .
tr	7	It was constructed like a Roman or Grecian temple .
tr	11	Well I guess I made a lucky choice " Beppe lied again .
tr	6	' On my way Sir , be with you in 5 minutes .
tr	8	She is finally beginning to understand .
tr	9	He held up his glass : " To rescue and getting things back to normal .
tr	7	" Mara , this is my son 's girlfriend , Abigail Woods , or Abby .
tr	9	They could each eat for a day and still have money to spare .
tr	8	Cause other than a pretty light show , we aren 't doing much out here . "
tr	9	" ' Tis a long time since last I saw you , Rand . "
tr	7	Can you do this for me ? "
tr	6	Yeah , really , one little sound from her says that much .
tr	6	But nothing , he grabbed my hair and whispered .
tr	5	" Without Yang ; Yin and Merri Li were vulnerable . "
tr	8	" I 'll start the process tomorrow , " he said , " just as soon as I see Fortescue .
tr	10	It was cool outside but not so cool he needed a jacket .
tr	10	Their called was interrupted by Alonso .
tr	11	Let me guess : for all your zeal , this is the first time you 've faced one .
tr	10	They 're eyes are barely open Scott . "
tr	6	The weight of the metal and snow pinned him to the floor .
tr	8	When that happens find a phone box , ring Trudie directly and move on to the next shop . '
tr	9	" I 'll show you the path to the sea . "
tr	10	" I would advise against disconnecting any wires at this stage .
tr	8	Malcolm had never made me promises .
tr	9	After a moment , this line advanced forward , driving the battle towards the looming students .
tr	7	She laid her head on my shoulder and closed her eyes .
tr	9	That 's how I 'll find him .
tr	6	" How do you get the guns ? "
tr	6	Mark again appeared unharmed by the mystic flames .
tr	11	He reassured them both as he made for the door , clutching the Book with one hand .
tr	7	Rafe had again closed his eyes and leant his head back against the chair .
tr	6	" Pickles , " another one hawked , " Old family recipe . "
tr	9	When you have to " go " ... ... bury everything ... ... leave no sign .
tr	10	She did look different from usual he had to own .
tr	11	Anyone who wanted to harm this poor girl was a wicked person indeed .
tr	8	" Still be tied up , for one , " Miriam retorted .
tr	5	But , my good friends in the jury , that 's just the beginning .
tr	6	" Can the small one be mine ? "
tr	8	" Leftover from some presents I mailed out . "
tr	11	I did not wish to draw attention and to speak with somebody .
tr	9	Destro grimaced as he pulled himself up on all fours .
tr	8	Memories , both fond and painful dance through her subconscious as she plays her childhood lullaby .
tr	10	Jason ignores the cold on his bare flesh , knowing it isn 't real .
tr	8	They reached the base of the peak and there , against the rock , sat the Temple of the Green Dragon .
tr	7	She signaled for a walk and led the group on .
tr	8	It was a beautiful clear day and the cool wind in their faces was refreshing rather than uncomfortable .
tr	6	" Of course , stranger things have happened , " Dr. Eva said .
tr	5	And now a man , woman , and two innocent children are dead . "
tr	10	" But I 've no reason to lie to you .
tr	10	The caster turned to look at him in thinly veiled disgust .
tr	5	" Stay put , " Bax said , then added .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	10	We are Watchers , Linked to her and she to us in an inescapable bond .
tr	10	She seemed to understand , or simply realized for herself that Ron wasn 't imparting much knowledge .
tr	8	There they waited for nearly an hour , all seated next to each other , on one side of the table .
tr	9	The images of his former life dissolved into the clouds of steam billowing around him .
tr	7	Alejo clicked the sound off and read : " At mass .
tr	6	Now that night was falling , the task would be even more difficult .
tr	9	Claire took it and smoothed the creases out before reading the contents .
tr	6	He regarded this mysterious person as " Incredibly powerful , almost a magician . "
tr	8	She dropped it off in the corner , took off her coat , sat down and started warming her hands again .
tr	7	Something about little Pedro 's sister is of interest to the captain .
tr	6	She laid her feet , not too high , not too low , in his lap .
tr	6	" Give me the bag , " said Hiro , making Soul jump .
tr	9	I have yet to decide on the matter beyond that point . "
tr	11	Leave it to Teddy to be equipped .
tr	6	As he spoke , a familiar fragrance filled the air , pungent and sweet like incense and ambrosia embracing .
tr	7	In the distance , they could see Solomon 's black outline etched like charcoal against the grey sky .
tr	8	That one 's for me , he realized .
tr	5	Then a moment later , " Vader 's down !
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " said Beau , now calm and attentive .
tr	9	When David shows up I 'll have him talk to the Commander .
tr	5	" On your way home , are you ? "
tr	8	I will soak your dreams in blood and burn them to ash .
tr	7	In a practiced motion , Kurt twisted the key and put his shoulder to the door .
tr	11	He did have another six days before the council 's imposed deadline , after all .
tr	7	Whatever it was it hadn 't woken her up .
tr	8	Ted was afraid to move .
tr	5	" Forgive me , Father ? "
tr	7	He waved the hatchet in the right hand and the head in the left .
tr	11	" Haven 't you been paying attention to the trackers you planted ? "
tr	11	Jan had thought she was merely being humored but the Secretary General 's response came as a surprise .
tr	11	" You know , if you walk to the Darkling Wood , Gunnar will be long gone .
tr	8	I saw Oskar leading you up by the throne room .
tr	6	" Is this the fugitive vehicle or not , dispatch ? "
tr	9	However , I still had a lot to do tonight .
tr	9	" Don 't talk down to me , you southern slut , " Kenna growled .
tr	5	How empty must the future look ?
tr	10	She had to stop herself from jumping .
tr	10	She laughed and allowed him to lead her to the dance floor .
tr	7	After my shower , I get dressed and grab a phone book out of the nightstand drawer .
tr	6	By Spike 's side , Ed 's growl erupted into a warning bark .
tr	5	That 's not fair at all . "
tr	8	Once they were in the kitchen , Riki began to snort again .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	5	" My students , " said the fencing master .
tr	10	Find all the volumes at Smashwords If you enjoyed this e-book , please leave a review .
tr	11	They become worse than the thing you 're lying about .
tr	5	" Here we go , " the Prince said .
tr	9	" You are right , VIN ; my gut feel says that this is right .
tr	10	" How many crew do you figure were on that thing ? "
tr	6	Family times with my mom and my dad .
tr	7	Water dripped onto the leather cover and formed a puddle by my feet .
tr	8	he said with heaving breath .
tr	10	" Want to come with me ? "
tr	10	So tell me what should I prove to you ?
tr	9	" So , we 'll be back on Monday afternoon , then . "
tr	10	Parnell surprised even himself by the outburst , but he was too tired to hold back .
tr	8	It 's really all up in the air at this point .
tr	10	He lay still on the floor before climbing to the window and was stunned by the nightmarish scene .
tr	6	" I saw him once a few years ago and once a few days ago . "
tr	8	he said happily , " Has Dominic gone hunting ? "
tr	6	But nobody had ever questioned the rule !
tr	11	I will certainly take what you have said under advisement .
tr	9	" She wasn 't lying ; probably she has the same brilliant mind like you do . "
tr	10	I want to know what it is . "
tr	8	VIN did in fact have some money .
tr	5	The old man took out a gold pocket watch then .
tr	6	' The attics are big but the fourth bedrooms are tiny . '
tr	7	" Pathetic , " he chuckles offensively , shaking his head .
tr	8	Several of the girls had rolled up their skirts to way higher than any regulation length .
tr	6	Roberto waited next to her .
tr	11	You must know that you shall not be caught unawares . "
tr	7	" Desperate times call for desperate measures , " Sarah said .
tr	10	The walls were wood-paneled with expensive looking paintings accompanied by impressive antique furniture .
tr	9	The device in front of me began to rise from the ground .
tr	8	Request permission to transfer the survivors to the Ares , over . "
tr	7	called out Beppe as he picked up some cloth wipes and a bottle of disinfectant .
tr	10	Grown men should never hide from a girl , even if she does have murderous intentions !
tr	8	" I 'll take care of this . "
tr	9	He hunkered down for the long wait for nightfall . .
tr	8	On the other hand , it couldn 't have happened to a nicer kid .
tr	7	" Santa María , Madre de Dios , " Cardinal Lopez said , crossing himself .
tr	9	I will be back as quickly as I can .
tr	8	And right then she spotted Daniel on the bleachers and she let go of her arrow .
tr	8	he yelled , putting a hand on her elbow .
tr	7	The sheer size and scope of the area - the forest , he thought excitedly - astonished him .
tr	8	" As I told you we expanded and improved our security systems on the farm and I added a digital recorder .
tr	6	" He 's old , " Matthew said , " real old . "
tr	8	I dropped to a knee , leveling my saber towards the brute .
tr	6	" Hunt demons , feral fey , rogue interdimensional beings , warlocks , and various other nasties .
tr	8	The upper jaw , still containing the teeth of the predator , stuck outward from his forehead .
tr	9	" You didn 't know the Daemon was coming .
tr	10	She stepped forward , holding the axe by the end of its handle with both hands .
tr	6	She 's strong , " Lo says .
tr	8	They just follow orders and all the robots here are specially selected .
tr	9	There was hardly any noise from the constant traffic it being thoroughly muted by the thick , bullet proof glass .
tr	7	I licked my dry lips , straightened my back , and spoke at a normal speaking voice despite the distance .
tr	7	" Now , " said he , " we must get you away from here without anyone the wiser . "
tr	6	328 Chapter 55 : Home At Last 333 Postscript / Special Thanks .
tr	8	" We need to leave , " the girl said .
tr	9	When they moved , they stayed hidden from the bear behind bushes and trees .
tr	7	" How dare you treat me like this ! "
tr	10	" It 's possible we 've got a newbie here .
tr	7	We are serving Allah every day .
tr	9	Brogan snapped his fingers and a page appeared at his elbow .
tr	6	Sean stood up , heart thumping , pulled out his cell phone , and called his father .
tr	8	At the edge of her vision she saw Gan step away from the horses .
tr	8	He pressed a button on the side of the cage .
tr	7	Like his brother he had made some remarkable flights , but his ego led to more failures than success .
tr	10	The spray probably had something to do with that .
tr	9	I should 've got here before anyone else arrived .
tr	9	His father had never sent any postcards from the U.S.A , whilst they had received numerous from Italy .
tr	8	I tried my hardest not to look behind me .
tr	8	The hunger is already kindling inside of me , growing louder .
tr	9	Archie pressed on but the train kept pace .
tr	10	Elaina replied quietly , plunging them into immediate darkness with a web .
tr	8	They were crossing the South Hills north of the Dream Valley on its northern border .
tr	5	She had the best mother ever .
tr	5	Suddenly , all went quiet .
tr	8	Connor watched everything she did .
tr	8	The bridge stretched ahead of her like something out of an Indiana Jones movie .
tr	5	His lips , cool and dry , ever so polite and incredibly maddening .
tr	8	Neil slithered behind her , feeling the loose rocks slide under his feet .
tr	8	Malcolm spun , his outstretched arm pointing to the interior .
tr	9	" They 're at ninety-one percent and rising , Doctor , " was the alarmed response .
tr	9	While bringing it toward the fuse , a pulsing green glow seemed to light up the beach all around him .
tr	10	There was a growth of briars in the gully , but it was not too thick .
tr	7	With all the excitement of the day , time had simply flown by .
tr	10	She knew the past had to matter .
tr	9	Give me some cash and I 'll get a six-pack for you . "
tr	9	I thought you 'd abandoned me . "
tr	10	" Your elbows feel like they 're made out of iron . "
tr	6	" Captain Stivers , " Jeff read the name on the jacket aloud .
tr	9	And the entire crew chuckled at the embarrassing reduction in rank offered to the imprisoned Gibson .
tr	10	Ricky invited his warped buddy Gary and Lex brought Tommy the rifleman .
tr	5	" Oh , I 'm so sorry .
tr	9	" Uh , last time I checked he was minus a hand .
tr	6	He was back , his eyes gleaming again .
tr	8	Master had been looking for it .
tr	8	Moving a couple of the tentacles aside exposed a single , open , brown eye .
tr	7	" We only have seven eggs left , " she said .
tr	8	The bullet hisses by my left ear just as my knee catches his shoulder .
tr	8	He curled up facing the wall and stuffed a small , hard red pillow under his head .
tr	8	They were not locals ; they were recruits for the watchtower .
tr	10	She shouted to Danny , ' I need a seat my feet ache . '
tr	10	Robbie you look absolutely sensational in a kilt , that the style in Brunei these days ? "
tr	5	Even the boys each have their own unique scent .
tr	9	One day , she thought , she would come out of her room , and she would be grown .
tr	7	Claire looked at the screen and felt the thudding resume in her chest .
tr	6	In exchange he gives a few coins , praise God . "
tr	9	" Should we give her the opportunity to come out quietly ? "
tr	8	She looked straight up at them , smiled and waved her hand .
tr	9	Then I am holding a man 's loose tendons in my right hand and thick golden threads in my left .
tr	7	" Very well , " Logan answered , triggering his headset .
tr	7	He ran through the list again and could find nothing .
tr	7	Marie nodded , walked over with her first aid pack and knelt down beside the young man .
tr	7	" Good evening , " Archie and the man in the suit said to each other .
tr	10	I didn 't expect to see you in the lab today .
tr	7	I shouldn 't even be telling you all this .
tr	6	" Well Scarborough , quite the mess you 're in now .
tr	7	" Coach says you can . "
tr	9	They 'd brought back God 's anointed once ; they could certainly do it again .
tr	6	He called out her name in desperation .
tr	9	A couple of uniforms were meeting her there to give her a hand .
tr	10	" Whichever Vampire turned Steve is weaker than Vivian . "
tr	7	Reaching the next deck the empress strolls confidently and casually down a dimly lit curving hallway .
tr	8	The man stood for a moment regarding Walter .
tr	5	Seconds later , " She stopped . "
tr	6	He vaguely heard the landowner mention something about a cattle fence encroaching on his property .
tr	7	I stood up and inched toward the side .
tr	8	Then , a man dressed in a white coat arrived and gave them the same physicals any pilot would have received .
tr	7	And then it came to him : Chaos .
tr	6	It turns its face up into his hand .
tr	11	Are you planning on going somewhere ? "
tr	7	Some men were in a drunken stupor , others slept because of exhaustion .
tr	8	" Either you haven 't met Percival , or you know some secret trick nobody else ever has .
tr	10	Then I heard another ping and the grass tore up next to me .
tr	9	Even though everyone was dressed in costumes I got the most looks .
tr	9	The conversation only lasted a couple of minutes before one of the guards ran off .
tr	7	The pain of it had shocked her with its potency .
tr	7	I looked in astonishment at a sight I can only describe as terrifying .
tr	9	I 'm sure you got ways . "
tr	8	" Thank you , " Alfred said to himself , watching 007 move down the hall .
tr	10	The social order was put in place by the Lord for the very reason we 're all here tonight .
tr	10	Ben said embarrassed by the fact he didn 't listen to his good friend .
tr	11	' I think you had better have a look at this Sir .
tr	6	Late in the afternoon , Brant helped Abby onto their wagon and bid everyone goodbye amidst shouts of " Congratulations ! "
tr	7	So clear , Josie could see down into it .
tr	6	The cooler days of autumn came rapidly over the short Santa Ana Mountains .
tr	8	I get to hold you down .
tr	8	" Now sit down , Riki , do you hear me ? "
tr	5	In the looming darkness , his eyes glowed an eerie blue-white .
tr	5	Red , blue , green or yellow , something easy like that .
tr	8	Still , he had taken responsibility for the excavation and the wreck .
tr	6	" Nothing he can do , " the Prince said softly .
tr	6	Darkness stirred up and tasting sweet .
tr	5	" From all accounts , Brad McAllister was an all-around terrific guy . "
tr	9	They have a daughter up at Cambridge you know and Gema herself has a terrific job with a Translation Company .
tr	7	He passed David and Bethany their packs , and traded weapons again with David .
tr	10	She started to ask , but Alejo held up a hand to cut her off .
tr	9	" I 'm glad that 's true .
tr	10	while Cade made breakfast for both of them .
tr	7	" Piss into the drain and then cover it up with that filing cabinet .
tr	10	There is no dark force to be slain this time around .
tr	8	" Go to bed , Mike , you look exhausted . "
tr	6	Maybe just shoot him in the knee .
tr	7	However , death by boredom is greatly underestimated , ' I replied .
tr	6	' We 're almost there , ' I gasped to Friedrich .
tr	7	The fruits of this valley I remember well . "
tr	9	Sofia poked back and the next thing they knew everyone was looking at them .
tr	5	" All right , so , first things first , right ? "
tr	5	OK , so yes , a few weeks ago I had a panic attack .
tr	8	Her pale complexion flushed red , making the young woman even more beautiful .
tr	9	Dust motes danced in the narrow beam as it swept across the vast space .
tr	7	The pervasive odour of the room crept in her nostrils and reminded her of her location .
tr	7	Casting one final gaze around him Stephens turned and trudged in through the door .
tr	8	Pete McGregor walked into the control room with a bag of food , handing it to the Red Flag astronomer .
tr	6	I groaned , my fingers digging into the railing .
tr	6	Sure enough , a minute later a voice called out , much too loud .
tr	7	The cheese was formed into a large round .
tr	6	In his hands , and aiming at Betsy and Salvatore , was a rifle .
tr	11	" I must point out that this is my father 's ship , Señor , and not yours . "
tr	9	" I thought he was in the house . "
tr	8	He turned to face her .
tr	11	Her eyes darted over the plate of cakes , in the same manner as she had eyed the hallway .
tr	8	Stalin and Benjamin were standing behind the truck , weapons obviously loaded and pointed casually in Alejo 's direction .
tr	11	" It was early in the day when she brought him in .
tr	11	" Each of you will see what he wishes to see .
tr	11	Eda was silent , knowing that he had not finished and giving him time that he might collect his thoughts .
tr	8	Before she knew it , he was kissing her , the scarce stubble of his chin like sandpaper against her cheek .
tr	10	James asked in a hushed voice , while watching the teacher write a mathematical equation on the board .
tr	7	I couldn 't think about right or wrong .
tr	6	Gypsies aren 't really a warring -- " " Okay , thanks , Mike , " Sarah said .
tr	6	Roman watched me with an inscrutable expression before nodding .
tr	10	Tomorrow she would most likely be dead as the other man followed Trevor and the screaming woman .
tr	8	" Why was I in it , you cretin !
tr	7	Reid and I stepped behind the bar and followed .
tr	8	The air from the vents catches in his hair and sends the smell of his sweat and shampoo throughout the car .
tr	7	Without electricity the heavy dam doors were manually cranked open , no easy task .
tr	8	Suspicions did not prepare a man for the truth .
tr	6	John looked up at her from his hands .
tr	7	He was in too much pain to argue .
tr	7	How about I just send a bill to the palace ?
tr	5	Ice monsters and an ancient , beautiful evil await .
tr	8	Giving it up as a bad job , Miriam walked into the cell and the door was closed on her .
tr	5	" Then , for emergencies only , carry this walkie talkie .
tr	5	' Oh , so Calvin 's the tough guy ? '
tr	10	' We are relieved to see you safe .
tr	10	We 're not watching this movie and you 're starting to look tired .
tr	6	With an apologetic face , he turns back to Ilia .
tr	8	They 're combing the Seine for a body . "
tr	7	He slid over the recently installed marble slabs .
tr	11	" There is nothing to be done on that accord .
tr	8	Tell me exactly what you need , " Dr. Morgan finally replied .
tr	7	She followed the attendant to the High Shaykh 's house .
tr	5	All the war and bloodshed at The Shade , it all happened .
tr	11	I was very pale , being much near to pass out .
tr	9	Know how to make ' em better .
tr	9	Silence stretched and Claire ached to fill it with hot words .
tr	10	" Would you mind giving me a hand with this ? "
tr	11	We 've been friends for a couple of years now . "
tr	8	" Time to go , " he said as he took the flying helmet off .
tr	8	He is changing and in him is the power of the light .
tr	5	" Too right , " the older man said .
tr	6	" Someone dropped the basilisk eye into the Fountain . "
tr	10	Once she delivered the boxes , she was free to fly back to Castle Destro .
tr	8	It dropped to its haunches and sat there watching them .
tr	11	Let them think what they wanted to .
tr	11	It was the young man that had brought her here .
tr	9	She thought about calling Michael , but dismissed the idea .
tr	7	He took Taylor 's hand and shook it vigorously .
tr	5	With small , careful steps , she approached the window .
tr	6	Jack and Joe Jack lived in the woods .
tr	7	I 'd killed two men , and the thought troubled me .
tr	11	And Valerian of the Red Sisterhood had never seen the face of the woman he feared .
tr	8	There was a moment of silence before Taylor found words again .
tr	8	He sits and takes his time speaking so that each word is clear and resonant .
tr	10	The house and garage looked like miniatures you would see in an elaborate train layout .
tr	9	Eden then turned and looked to Atticus , " And either will the lovely bar maiden of Mnemosyne . "
tr	8	It is a new if not less complicated dance that she now performs daily .
tr	8	Let 's go through the woods over to the old settlers ' ruins .
tr	6	" Where did you grow up then ? "
tr	11	Her reaction was so sudden and violent that the Prince could never have predicted it .
tr	10	Raymond is crawling through maintenance shafts right now looking for you guys .
tr	9	I wanted to know why .
tr	5	' Wisdom : insight , acumen , learning , ' said the god thoughtfully .
tr	6	" Not exactly , " the eldest brother said with a grin .
tr	8	How could you get so lost in your thoughts ?
tr	10	Jude was in a game he could not win .
tr	6	Looking left and right , I turned my body around and found my opening out .
tr	7	" Firstly ; I 'm not your life partner , and secondly ; I 'm only an aid , a runner .
tr	10	He had to stop underestimating his wife .
tr	7	Without replying , Ted edged his chair a bit further from the woodpile .
tr	9	Wonder what 's going on .
tr	9	I stood , grabbing the others and hoisting them to their feet as well .
tr	5	The whole stairwell thing and the smoking man had him thoroughly shaken .
tr	7	He caught the first pack , dropped the second and fell into an easy chair with the effort .
tr	6	" We all have our secrets , Emma , " I said in that same quiet tone .
tr	7	" I just broke the state record in the high jump ! "
tr	11	" Mana , " she complained , " I 'm right in the middle of writing a story !
tr	10	What was I was dying for ?
tr	9	I think I 'll stick around all the same .
tr	7	" That calls for champagne , " Virgil said instantly .
tr	6	" Sydney tripped in it .
tr	6	Seeing no other option , the Prince made his way through .
tr	10	He nodded , understanding what was wrong .
tr	6	The staff , for sure , would be collateral . "
tr	8	By cutting away pieces , he could remove them , and each piece would help with liftoff .
tr	6	Silently , she moved to the bedroom wall away from the window .
tr	11	John took a deep breath in an effort to calm himself before continuing on .
tr	7	They sliced through the veins on contact , " he announced .
tr	9	He offered me six months wages for information about some necklace thing the boy 's got .
tr	10	" You know that we won 't let that happen .
tr	7	Rick walked up the slope inside the secret room seconds later .
tr	6	Families dragged tired kids back to the Metro .
tr	7	Mana opened it and said , " Hello , Simon .
tr	8	His anger against Rand was ... I do not know , but it was somehow unlike him . "
tr	10	I had nothing to say in response .
tr	6	High above , one of the smaller domes capped the vast chamber , perhaps forty yards across .
tr	9	Steve , who was still on the footpath , hit an intersection .
tr	10	I should have known better than to enter the forest alone .
tr	9	" I know nothing and yet I know it all , truly my journey has just begun , " he replied .
tr	7	Even with the footman 's extra pistol , it couldn 't be a prolonged firefight .
tr	7	With a glance at Sky , she got up and walked over to the window .
tr	9	I 'll get Brenner checked out on the new radios straight away .
tr	8	His voice softened and he rubbed at his face as if scrubbing away his ill humour .
tr	10	Jack said trying to look confused .
tr	9	He was the newest guy on Alejo 's team and had been sent over from Puerto Rico .
tr	11	He didn 't have much of a head for wine , and he needed to keep his wits .
tr	10	Or so I tried to convince myself .
tr	9	This is good for their souls , even if done under duress .
tr	8	Sending messages from one brain to the other was awesome at first , as most new technology is .
tr	6	" What about her grandmother ? "
tr	11	There were things he needed to know .
tr	11	" That 's one reason why I was wishing for binoculars .
tr	9	We 've become , quite literally , a family bound by the same blood . "
tr	10	I 'm sorry I didn 't call you today .
tr	10	I have to do it ASAP .
tr	7	He arched an eyebrow at the small fire in the crudely erected fire pit a few feet away .
tr	7	She hung her clothes on pegs jutting from the room 's wooden frame .
tr	6	I wiggled harder , but nothing happened .
tr	5	" Happened too fast , " Sam shrugged .
tr	11	He did have a duty to perform after all .
tr	10	As they started to get close , Jeff had an idea .
tr	10	There had to be some kind of catch .
tr	8	I would not have found him , but I heard him sobbing .
tr	8	' They 'll probably lay low for a while and catch up with us later . '
tr	10	" We need to get Gema and Wei in the same room and look for reaction .
tr	8	There are only a handful of us still alive today who know the truth . '
tr	9	When he got to Waving Willow 's house , he picked up the parts to his club .
tr	10	He stopped in front of Nathan , bending over to catch his breath .
tr	9	" Why can 't you just let him go home and then shanghai some other poor dork ?
tr	7	Was that why he was so unhappy ?
tr	11	Are you going to get that arrow ? "
tr	10	Valerian swore softly and tugged vainly , with his legs braced against the chair .
tr	7	Most precisely , one at our age . "
tr	11	He did need to clean up .
tr	8	" Sorry about that , team , " he said , after finishing the call .
tr	7	One stout woman moved forward , walked across the square to the mayor 's house .
tr	7	He stopped at a steel door and keyed in his passcode .
tr	8	And , as Mr. Jones said , this ' beer can ' will become our first base of operations .
tr	11	Take everything you own , leave everything you don 't .
tr	11	Joshua might give them an advantage on the hill , but he would be waiting for Nathan to make a move .
tr	6	" The front door 's open , " she said .
tr	7	Maybe you should stay home today and skip Spy Games . "
tr	11	She nodded then turned and started down the path again with Scott right behind her .
tr	10	He knew she was considering running .
tr	7	The news hung about the table like a dark mist , choking each victim .
tr	10	" I 'm not going to miss it ... But I am going to miss you . "
tr	10	He pulled the earpiece away from his mouth as the security officer confirmed the dispatch of an armed team .
tr	6	Despite the demon 's mass , size and horrific visage , the tables were clearly and quickly turning .
tr	6	" It was probably just an old cat or maybe even a deer .
tr	7	" But they are here because of me and the rewards promised them from the druids in the south .
tr	10	Even as I spoke , he gave me another look , gazing over my features like a painter studies his subject .
tr	6	Today was Tuesday , and that meant Bible class .
tr	9	" Well , I have had a shower since then , " Melody replied , sniffing under her arm .
tr	7	Walking might be difficult yet , but that 'll come soon enough .
tr	9	The king of thieves asks , his gruff voice sounding far from sympathetic .
tr	6	" Maybe you 're not excited enough , " she retorted .
tr	7	It was a short , wild ride to Turner Farm .
tr	8	Within a split second the leader found himself kneeling on the sand nursing his bleeding nose .
tr	6	" It 's just not right , " she said .
tr	8	If I dream of a new future , could I imagine a new present ?
tr	7	Missy was enthralled with the crude structure .
tr	6	I 'm not losing you now , mister ! "
tr	6	" I will stay , " he sobbed , " please just don 't hurt her anymore . "
tr	11	It 's hard to get a hold of them .
tr	6	" She is an orphan , " Simon said .
tr	11	Liz couldn 't dispute the appeal of having Dan so close .
tr	6	" CIC , Doctor Everett is dead , " Jason states , his voice uneasy .
tr	11	Things were beginning to feel surreal to him .
tr	8	Miriam tumbled her pencils into the wooden box and squeezed it shut .
tr	6	" Sir , I 'm only here because of you . "
tr	5	But maybe , on a subconscious level , she had also lied .
tr	9	But I knew that man , and I knew it meant trouble .
tr	8	She licked her lips , ignoring the body on the ground .
tr	10	The door opened and Stephens squinted as the light flooded out from inside .
tr	7	Wendy 's really excited about it . "
tr	7	" No way to reach them , " she said .
tr	11	Stephens answered it and could be heard talking to someone .
tr	8	I 'd put myself in a dangerous position , but it was all for Aimee .
tr	5	" Oh , man , I 'm sorry . "
tr	9	The bustling conversation ended as we all reached for anything to stable ourselves .
tr	9	Elaina tried to scream , but there was no sound , only a cold rush of black water into her lungs .
tr	6	" Mr. Richmond , Tom Ward here , with General Mortimer aboard .
tr	9	Each time she climbed the fence her breathing was laborious .
tr	9	" We 're going to the sunroom over there . "
tr	7	" Your kind can only fail a mission once , " Hartman notes with an amused grunt .
tr	8	Passing an arm around her friend 's shoulders she drew Eda 's trembling form into her arms .
tr	7	Adele glanced up at his face and surprised a faraway look in his eyes .
tr	6	Now , Noah set his jaw and looked away .
tr	9	The Falcon was in his sights , but any suspicion before that final moment would send her soaring away again .
tr	10	This is what they told us to do . "
tr	10	That 's what I intend to do . "
tr	5	# 76 CAN 'T HELP MYSELF The following days were quite similar .
tr	11	That was easier said than done .
tr	8	Come , let us go to them .
tr	10	I could almost see the steam billowing from the engine and hear the wheels churning up the slope .
tr	8	" Captain , " a strained voice crackles in his ear , " Commander Kraken is dead .
tr	7	Why must he embarrass her like this ?
tr	6	They once more ascended the slope , closed the trapdoor , and exited the tomb .
tr	5	They had Simon , Sam , Edd and Erik , Jo-Jo and Nicko .
tr	8	I haven 't used them in years , and I doubt anyone else has .
tr	10	" Is there nothing I could do to pull your mind from troubling thoughts ? "
tr	9	It was sleeping ; in fact it was snoring loudly , under the shade of a new blue paper tree .
tr	9	So if the earth is 4.5 billion years old , you could restate that as 45 hundred million years .
tr	5	" Beneath that tough exterior , she 's still a girl .
tr	7	Rick grinned and pulled the crystal out of his pouch .
tr	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	10	Behind the counter a young witch busily combines liquids , tossing ingredients into a kettle while multitasking several other chores .
tr	10	A shower of sparks shot through her skull as Alejo grabbed her hair and tilted her face upward towards his .
tr	9	My Uncle Night Walker knew he had the cougar cornered .
tr	10	Her sad sultry eyes are filled with regret as she steps toward him .
tr	8	She turned then and stared me straight in the eye , her gaze unflinching .
tr	9	" Sounds like standard mission planning to me .
tr	11	The man dropped sideways onto the floor and the wailing of the group echoed off the walls .
tr	6	They rolled off my tongue like water gushing from a tap .
tr	6	It had six aether current propellers , and its barge section was mainly one massive steam engine .
tr	9	It was Rafe 's turn to look astonished .
tr	6	" Help me , " he cried through a liquid hiccup .
tr	6	" Will we , Rafe ? "
tr	7	Just because you are beautiful and still I saved you . "
tr	11	Reggie shook his head , " Maybe eventually , but we 're not set up or ready for all of them .
tr	9	" So you want to throw us back into the dark ages ? "
tr	7	I could finally see it again , it was hunched down slightly in the air without a clear shape .
tr	6	Instead , another messenger arrived with the most heart-wrenching news .
tr	9	he thought , already tired before the day had even begun .
tr	11	Do you think I 'm nuts . "
tr	11	" Son , for me , math is the only place in the universe where things make sense .
tr	9	I clenched the flashlight in my teeth and kept peering down , but the ladder didn 't seem to end .
tr	7	At first the stares , the giggles , the crazy looks , the disgusted eyebrow waves got to me .
tr	9	" Welcome to the most holy , inspiring , and magnificent city of Europe , my friends .
tr	10	I knew I had to wait .
tr	9	Archie 's smart response only served to inflame the man 's temper .
tr	11	They looked like guard dogs ready to pounce .
tr	11	Astrid nodded , unsure of what to expect .
tr	8	He figured he could sleep .
tr	9	The tall metal gates guarding the entrance to the complex were hanging off their hinges when we reached them .
tr	11	It was during training that you really got to know your fellow troops .
tr	8	The lack of constant questions and observations allowed Claire to hear her own inner voices .
tr	6	" Even so , " continued Di Luca , " they rely more and more upon their rich friends .
tr	8	Julian came to save her .
tr	8	Everywhere we went to , fine foods seemed to show up .
tr	7	" Don 't worry , he 'll be okay , " I reassured her .
tr	8	When she turned her head he caught the blaze of wild eyes among the lank strands of black hair .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	11	She hesitated , hoping she hadn 't offended her new acquaintance .
tr	8	Exactly what did you mean by that and just how invisible are you ? "
tr	11	just jump in if you have anything to add .
tr	10	" We 're , uh , we 're replacements , " I gasped at last .
tr	9	What we have gathered indicates a highly trained professional in espionage tradecraft and operational security .
tr	7	Jacob shifted , adjusting his leg .
tr	11	Ricky said pulling Lex up to run down the trail after their friends .
tr	11	Knowing she could stretch to a laundry bill she refused .
tr	7	Hanging from the chain was a fish symbol .
tr	6	Beyond the doorway , narrow stone steps spiralled downwards into darkness .
tr	6	They were debating , words pinging back and forth at each other .
tr	9	Do you want a coffee ? "
tr	11	I do need to find my dad , though .
tr	8	It made him feel anxious .
tr	10	And she was working on keeping Noah away from the pool until he knew its danger .
tr	10	" Did you two run away from the bear that just ransacked the camp ? "
tr	6	" You gave us quite a scare , " he told her , his voice cracking .
tr	8	When she looked down from the stars , she sighed .
tr	5	The destruction is intricately choreographed .
tr	8	There was nothing for us to say .
tr	8	Josie knew her friends wouldn 't listen .
tr	8	All we could do was keep working .
tr	8	These will be an interesting four months " voyage for sure !
tr	9	Suddenly the glass window nearby shattered as a rock flew through the pane .
tr	11	I managed to ask when my nerves came back .
tr	10	Lacking these traits is certain to lead him to an early grave .
tr	9	We suspect yours will be also .
tr	5	" Good morning , my love , " he greeted her .
tr	6	Then suddenly an announcement blared from speakers in the ceilings .
tr	7	A cramp gripped my side , but I kept pushing .
tr	6	Gabe looks away into the distance .
tr	8	You ought to visit sometime .
tr	8	It took twice as long to find it again .
tr	9	When they reached the Valley of the Big Cedar , the sun had fallen behind the mountain .
tr	11	They had no identification so we could not verify who they were .
tr	5	" Alright , " I blubber back .
tr	7	One hundred feet below and to my right , Reid 's parachute swooped towards the rapidly enlarging landmass .
tr	7	Raphael 's drums , cranked up to their highest pitch , cracked with delectable loudness .
tr	9	Now he seemed to come alive , three-dimensional and vivid before her .
tr	6	" It 's late , My Lord , " he said , " and we 're all tired .
tr	8	" Hey , you sure nailed the door , at least now there 's a nice hole for a handle . "
tr	8	Landon rested his hand on it and she saw him start .
tr	8	The old peoples ' yard was in the center of the neighborhood .
tr	6	Most of the delegates and regulars rolled their eyes in frustration .
tr	7	John begged for a fire , but Sarah wouldn 't allow it .
tr	8	Farewell is a battered town , holding itself together with stubborn grit .
tr	10	Louis , what do you mean ? "
tr	9	He paused , shifted his gaze to Janet Carter 's wiry intensity , then away .
tr	11	I felt the need to bring this to your attention now before we sail . "
tr	7	Within a fraction of a second she secured her footing , assumed a fighting stance , and attacked .
tr	7	Andy pulled the laptop out of his bag and opened it up .
tr	7	Brin bowed deeply to the amazed captain , and then made his way to the terrified and glowering prisoners .
tr	11	It gave him hope for the future of the country .
tr	11	Sidney handed the pup she was holding to her bother .
tr	10	They all started back towards the bus that brought them .
tr	8	But if there were four then six , they should never be discounted .
tr	7	I 'm serious about all this .
tr	9	Creeping up his legs were a pair of once white , now yellowed athletic socks .
tr	11	However , that was impossible ; His brother had died to get this information to him .
tr	9	But as always , the captain acted as if it were nothin ' unusual .
tr	6	Moreover , this was a Humanitarian Relief Operation , a real world operation and not just another Command Post Exercise .
tr	9	Hope surged in her breast and she began to gather her things .
tr	7	Red Talon and the other braves also had pouches fixed for them .
tr	9	A knit cap covered her red hair and she had a sniper rifle slung across her back .
tr	7	No bloody fear of that , he added silently .
tr	7	To not be impolite , I 've asked her at what .
tr	8	" He 's not a nerd , girls are all over him , " David , reminded him .
tr	10	He says we 're not raising anyone , and no one 's trying to raise us . "
tr	8	That 's all they want .
tr	11	It doesn 't look like we can climb up to the ISS altitude .
tr	11	Do you need something to eat ? "
tr	6	He touched it now and massaged it gently .
tr	10	And that had to end everything ?
tr	9	" I have to leave right now for Waikiki . "
tr	8	" Nothing can bring her back , " Aria sobs , her body shaking with remorse .
tr	7	" Okay , I 've got a plan , " Mai assures , watching the iron knuckle carefully .
tr	7	Twenty Something enormous boomed in the distance , right over the visible horizon .
tr	7	It was all fun and food for them .
tr	9	" I 've got to go , " Liza choked out .
tr	9	Claire opened the door to her room , then stepped out to double-check the number .
tr	7	Meatball tore a piece from the pizza , rolled it around several wedges , and took a large bite .
tr	8	Fool that he was , he had trusted her .
tr	6	The other side held a six-foot sunken Jacuzzi , enclosed toilet closet , and glass door shower stall .
tr	8	Gabe 's voice is heavy , skewed by the pillow .
tr	8	Frank was on the observation deck of the Hannibal .
tr	9	" I don 't think so , but we continued to use his nickname . "
tr	6	Now it was smooth and brown , and holding - ' A scorpion sandwich ? '
tr	11	He lay there cuddled in the folds of the tall grass .
tr	11	Figure out what I 'm going to wear .
tr	10	I flipped , bringing my heel down hard on the head of one , leaving him unconscious .
tr	11	' It 's alright we 've got time , ' Katherine said checking her watch .
tr	7	Finally , standing before her father , he handed him a letter .
tr	7	" We have some good news in our search . "
tr	9	Chase smiled and suddenly vanished , appearing an inch away from her .
tr	11	I must be hundreds of miles away from home .
tr	10	Maya puts up a shield as a ball of green energy strikes it and makes it shimmer .
tr	6	I will kill you . "
tr	9	" Relax , at least no one is trying to kill us today . "
tr	7	He leans over and gasps for breath .
tr	11	Seth was told the original IBM PC had come with a metal keyboard .
tr	8	His hair was well groomed and his jade eyes were that of a cold-blooded killer .
tr	6	She saw a lovely fountain , small and delicate , no higher than her shoulder .
tr	10	Before I could respond , she kissed my cheeks and left with the man leaning on her .
tr	8	" What 's that look like to you ? "
tr	9	Blood gushed out of her mouth and she collapsed to a sitting position on the bed .
tr	5	" Hear ye , Hear ye , the most elegant , the noblest , the most honorable , Kara Foster . "
tr	6	If I recall you tossed a fry in the air that night , also . "
tr	10	You didn 't need to be the world 's greatest detective to figure that one out .
tr	11	Taking Miriam 's coat , Mana opened the cloakroom , a funny little chamber under the stairs that smelled of deckchairs .
tr	10	" You know , this will sound weird but Damian 's dad came to me in a dream .
tr	11	She opened her eyes and found it difficult to focus , realizing then that her glasses were missing .
tr	9	Then I thought I 'd misheard her .
tr	8	Frank was hit hard in the stomach and crawled to his knees , his face still against the ground .
tr	9	I 'm not sure what to expect .
tr	8	He told us to let the whore in !
tr	10	He fumbled with the fuel caps and struggled to get them open .
tr	6	He slammed his fist down on the table .
tr	6	" I was his chief advisor , " said Ethan .
tr	5	No dirty dishes , no half-open cupboards , no food stains , no papers lying about .
tr	10	His mother had not asked about the charge on her credit card , but then , she never did .
tr	10	Danny could wait and pulling that drummer would prove her attractiveness .
tr	6	" Well , we both are , " Tori said and she and Stacy took out their birthstone necklaces .
tr	10	As the boy slowly returns to his standard state of mind , he will know only one want .
tr	7	When the wolf leaped , he seemed almost as tall as Wolf Eyes stood .
tr	11	Landon didn 't notice and lurched to his feet using the two soldiers to help him up .
tr	8	I gritted my teeth , rage surging afresh through my veins .
tr	10	I sprung from the cliff once more , dangling again , wildly thrashing in the wind .
tr	10	Searching his surroundings , Rift locates the area she is referring to .
tr	9	Connor 's face turned red as he heard Maria 's whispered voice .
tr	8	In the hotel at the reception lobby , Helen came fast at us wearing high heels .
tr	7	Some things even work themselves out ... and we 're here with you . "
tr	8	They could have spies watching us right now .
tr	9	He murmured as they stepped over the threshold .
tr	7	I 'd expect that from a scoundrel . "
tr	5	" Tomorrow morning it is , " Tori agreed .
tr	6	He wasn 't judging , just waiting .
tr	11	With trained proficiency she interprets many lines of code scrolling up the sides of her monitors .
tr	8	Reid grunted something unsavoury and pulled a crate out from under his bed .
tr	7	Later that night on the evening news , he was the lead detective in a new case .
tr	10	He knew what he had to do .
tr	6	My survival instincts kicked in and I dug deep .
tr	5	Then , seeming dazed , the CIA guy very slowly opened the door .
tr	11	We 'll be blending in by standing out , " said Jace .
tr	10	He just had to get in the vehicle and drive off .
tr	6	No one to this day has disabled it .
tr	8	She closed her locker and made her way to the cafeteria , but the bell rang .
tr	10	Ali 's face darkened as he recounted the events of the afternoon .
tr	8	" Really , how old were you ? "
tr	11	She smiled big and knew what she was doing to me .
tr	6	Without servants , the upper classes , and even the middle classes , couldn 't maintain a home .
tr	6	" Mom , we 're here because , well ... Owen has a beautiful Great Dane bitch . "
tr	5	A nice thick envelope with the USC emblem on the upper left corner .
tr	9	The Baron 's mind raced and riddled over his next course of action .
tr	9	" I need you to divert additional power to the generators .
tr	7	The boy looked up at the man and his face lit up .
tr	8	She smiled and waved at the men on the ship and thought : There was no real danger in this adventure .
tr	7	Gabe takes off his cap and runs his fingers through his wavy hair .
tr	9	The second figure , another female , rushed to join her , setting off renewed cries from her friends .
tr	9	She slid the pan of biscuits into the oven and closed the door , appreciating the brief blast of heat .
tr	6	" Yes , " the second man purred , " but this one mentions me . "
tr	8	And you 're not as effective without me , nor am I any good without you .
tr	11	" Please tell me you don 't have anything to do with this . "
tr	5	In the same place , however , still Settler , Oregon .
tr	6	And he always fell for it .
tr	10	There isn 't a drop of humanity flowing in their veins .
tr	6	Yet there were too many of them , giving the torso a snake-like appearance .
tr	8	" You mean we can go ? "
tr	7	In one corner of the plate , there were the remnants of some fluorescent green paint .
tr	9	Simon , hoping that Beppe was right , brushed his forefinger along the strip of glass .
tr	10	Whenever he travelled , which was often , his clubs went with him .
tr	11	She could even smell his scent , an aromatic rosette essence that fills her nostrils .
tr	10	Maybe that 's why he was so awesome ?
tr	9	I promise those who wonder , if this story is true , I promise it is .
tr	10	They would offer to help him in his quest !
tr	8	Fare you well , you two .
tr	5	" Oh , no , don 't ask such a thing ! "
tr	11	Major network news organizations skip over the hard issues in their attempt to be impartial .
tr	7	" Yes , " he agreed , " yes I do .
tr	10	" In order to this you need to live in peace , like we do .
tr	5	" Yes , well , after the tiles , I fired the project manager . "
tr	6	Find some dry wood , like branches , limbs and large twigs , should do nicely .
tr	7	Her father looked down at her , his face grim and he touched her shoulder .
tr	11	Tarleton looked across the silver table decoration in which fruit and vine leaves were artfully arranged .
tr	11	Some refused to be separated from their dead friends and had to be pried away by force .
tr	9	" Neither did you , when you started , " Rupert shrugged , taking a large swallow of coffee .
tr	7	" Same , call me Marc or Marcus , or Mister Paul , whatever . "
tr	7	For many days we battled to and fro across the realm , outnumbered by our foe by two to one .
tr	7	She had two red-headed kids now , the baby balanced against her hip and the boy scampering at her feet .
tr	9	Friends who 'll be drinking .
tr	8	" No , she 's not getting a bag , a gun , anything .
tr	11	she tried to stand up to greet him .
tr	8	Usually he kept everything for himself but with her , he just blurted it out .
tr	5	" Remarkable , " he said again .
tr	9	This was someone who knew Root .
tr	5	For the next several minutes , neither Henry nor I said anything .
tr	6	Then the old man raised his hands and then put them down .
tr	8	Satellite reconnaissance showed twenty people staying in the motel .
tr	9	" They are proving difficult to remove .
tr	8	But I could do naught but visit him once a month for a few minutes .
tr	5	No , no , he seems fine otherwise . '
tr	10	" You sure you 'll be fine , Fie ? "
tr	9	When she looked around she saw a bunch of differed kinds of trees .
tr	8	The Spirit of the Sun was shining its rays down on him .
tr	8	The fields of France have been watered and furrowed by blood .
tr	8	If he didn 't go , they would have a hard time finding a suitable replacement .
tr	8	He started to raise his hands .
tr	8	Reaching out , Chris grabbed his ankle and the boy put up no further resistance .
tr	10	" The young scoundrel ; I dare say he thought it a grand jest to fool you so ! "
tr	8	She didn 't trust me , and when we got shot at , I couldn 't protect her . "
tr	9	That 's as short as you can make this belt .
tr	7	' That 's suicide , ' the man next to Roman said dully .
tr	6	" Ass over tea kettle all morning , then it slows down . "
tr	7	" Bring him to my writing chamber at dawn tomorrow ; I will teach him until mid-morning .
tr	6	Alejo growled into her ear .
tr	7	He clutched the rock , but scratched his hands and fell back into the screaming mass .
tr	11	" Ah , what are we doing here hiding out under the leaves and sitting in the muck like kindergartners ? "
tr	9	They are innocents in all of this , after all . "
tr	8	I felt coldness , but not understanding from where .
tr	11	I wanted to know if it was real .
tr	5	... very old ... all those men , too much effort The bogeyman groaned . '
tr	10	I 'm sure they 'd allow it . "
tr	10	You drove up North to see Avi in Leeds .
tr	8	Her frayed mind whirled around a single thought , faster and faster , polishing it to a weighty obsession .
tr	8	" The pattern of victims , they aren 't as far away from each other as you 'd think . "
tr	10	" I just wanted to say ... Have a great summer , " he said .
tr	7	Nelly reached into the chest and pulled out the Crown Phoenix machine .
tr	11	" How about having a plan to change in the first place ? "
tr	10	Jacob 's trunk was forgotten as we hurried from the scene .
tr	6	Beating his massive , leathery wings , the shapeshifter quickly gained altitude .
tr	6	" How did I miss one ? "
tr	6	' I 'm sorry , child , ' he murmured , his expression sorrowful .
tr	11	And he had told her and Jimmy about it turning into a dragon and killing him .
tr	5	" It appears that way , why ? "
tr	6	A sense of passion entered my world , like a pink cloud .
tr	10	Although , it has to be said this ' friend ' often used to let him down .
tr	7	" We 're bringin ' him a little bonus . "
tr	11	Somehow it struck Noah as comical because that was why its words were gurgled .
tr	11	She 'd probably never acquire the cunning a woman needed to be a successful leader .
tr	6	" I 'm here , my darling , " a woman 's voice called from the jeweled pin .
tr	8	Kendall thought that sounded reasonable .
tr	6	" Mauna Kea - that 's in Hawaii , right ? "
tr	7	And with the explosion of the second bullet , Agent 2C 's No2 position in MI6 became available .
tr	10	They had said they would find me .
tr	6	The family 's three children , out of order , stood beside her .
tr	7	The gaping eyes of a skeleton , embedded into the stones , stared at me from the ceiling .
tr	10	" A lot of people think the Pueblo tribes can trace their roots back to the great Anasazi civilization . "
tr	6	She leaned forward and kissed him softly .
tr	8	" I thought you hated spending time with your nieces and nephews . "
tr	9	" He 's going to say , ' WITH MY FIST , " ' said Goodspeed hopefully .
tr	5	No more fighting over resources .
tr	11	" Do you think it will work ? "
tr	10	He could see the faint glimmer of a torch bouncing along .
tr	7	He was moving toward it .
tr	8	Sylvia started to run away .
tr	7	Rob 's mother brushed her bleached blonde hair out of her eyes and patted her mouth with her napkin .
tr	6	Back on Pisces the couple in the small sailboat returned with the promised fish .
tr	9	The more he thought about it the more his imagination ran riot , the more his stomach got into a knot .
tr	5	Here both men and women flattered her resplendent 1950s silver screen appearance .
tr	9	We better hurry ; some others have caught wind of it . "
tr	11	Napoleon looked concerned at Scarborough 's obvious discomfort due to the lack of entertainment .
tr	10	Keno found it harder to embrace Cora .
tr	7	Her mount was frisky , lithe , and spirited , yet she moved easily and naturally with it .
tr	9	After the two sat down , Chris didn 't know quite how to begin .
tr	10	They 'll be out of the fight for a couple hours . "
tr	8	he asked when linked his arm .
tr	9	They ran on for what seemed forever .
tr	9	We 'll stand guard on the flock in the meantime .
tr	9	Would you try to talk to me ?
tr	9	We had been climbing for almost 20 hours straight .
tr	5	The blonde left and the door clicked shut .
tr	10	Even as he leapt the short distance between the train and the platform , others were preparing to try the same .
tr	11	" I 've tried to be close to you .
tr	7	" I 'm going home , to Cochabamba !
tr	8	" Is that a friend of yours ? "
tr	11	" Well , who the hell else should have dealt with it ? "
tr	7	' All right , ' she said , nodding curtly .
tr	10	I want to have a taste of that lady as much as you do . "
tr	9	With her teeth , she pulled the tie around her wrists so that the lock sat over her left wrist .
tr	9	Unfortunately her beacon was set to ground level -- it should have killed us all . "
tr	7	The man turned , walked into the shop straight past him and up to the counter .
tr	10	Some of the guys who hung out here had been friends of his .
tr	6	Two purple beauty marks at her belly button showed her twin children at full moon .
tr	9	She found a bottle but it looked like it held only water .
tr	9	The news about cars and working cell phones in the UK was clearly just rumor .
tr	11	Several hallways branch off from the main room , the entire building beginning to look like a maze .
tr	7	And the fewer people know about it , the better . '
tr	5	" Yes sir , " said the agent , smiling shrewdly .
tr	7	She clasped her hands under her chin and dropped to her knees .
tr	10	" And you 're one to teach lessons ? "
tr	8	" I think perhaps it would be unwise . "
tr	6	She shook her head and took a long breath .
tr	9	Then I thought I saw it coming .
tr	10	You tuck in while I pop out for a minute and buy us something for dessert . "
tr	7	" Thought I 'd find you here , " a voice whispered in his ear .
tr	7	" We 'll go to Lima .
tr	9	Rupert was lounging in a worn , khaki bathrobe with the same woolly slippers on his feet .
tr	9	Are you going to seek legal recourse , you bet !
tr	9	Seamus was the same way and I 'll bet your David is , too . "
tr	6	With his outdated buzz haircut , his unyielding frown , his body language screamed skepticism .
tr	6	Because of the Treaty , the Dead Gods could feed , and the Elders could propagate and create .
tr	8	Nice to meet you . "
tr	6	They both laughed , finished their food , picked up their beach bags and headed out .
tr	9	" Your posterior must have been sore , too , after that long ride .
tr	9	Miss Julie ached throughout her body when she awoke in the morning .
tr	9	His eyes stared blankly while the veins in his forehead bulged .
tr	7	He felt small and sank into his chair .
tr	8	She hobbled next to her husband back into the light of the patio .
tr	6	" Well , I want my little brother back , " said Isabelle , her voice rising .
tr	5	These , Ryan explained , were the ion drives or thrusters .
tr	6	" All right , " she said , " you can knock down the stairs now . "
tr	5	But not this week , OK ? "
tr	7	" The head of the arrow is still in his shoulder , " he said .
tr	7	" If you have prayers , Gan , pray the Mountain People find you first .
tr	7	" I was in her flat ... . .
tr	7	No , he was not Finn , she reminded herself : he was Lord Rafe .
tr	10	Claire watched her reaction , ready to step in if need be .
tr	10	" Yes , it would be good to have some fresh meat .
tr	8	They had a quick , hushed conversation in rapid-fire Russian , out of Amanda 's earshot .
tr	8	Roberto expected disgust , but for some reason she did not look at him in that manner .
tr	9	Alejo clenched his fist and fought the urge to knock William out .
tr	10	Jack nodded , while Alex folded his arms and stared at the floor .
tr	9	How to make you happier .
tr	8	The girl swung her legs out of bed and padded over to see .
tr	10	She grabbed at the indentations ; some were deep enough to provide a handhold .
tr	7	" Bound to be . "
tr	8	" Report that I found those two skeletons . "
tr	11	Despite being a great idea , Simon felt unable to accept this as his next step .
tr	6	' I just collect the glasses and bring out the dinners . '
tr	10	I started to read them bored , speedy : " Are you alright ?
tr	7	Several others now came and joined the group , including Red Talon .
tr	9	I shift the curtains aside and watch the Murano pull out of the parking lot .
tr	11	There was something in his eyes , which was very vivid .
tr	9	Her tan face now pale and drawn reminded me of the frail creature sitting on the settee that first night .
tr	8	" Actually Signor Beppe , I have already taken care of that area . "
tr	7	Rain pounded the roof of the Monte Carlo .
tr	7	On a bed , an athletic and black hair boy , was standing back towards the door .
tr	7	They trudged on to the woodpile and lifted the cover .
tr	8	I see stretches of frequency modulation ; looks like sound transmission . "
tr	7	Beyond it was a kitchen full of bright and vivid autumnal colours .
tr	8	The Red Ants retreated after harvesting the last dead Bee .
tr	7	" You do have a point , " I conceded .
tr	10	Is that what you want to hear ?
tr	10	She was a testament to his brother , a living , breathing ball of contradictions .
tr	8	Like many of the palace 's rooms , the kitchen was simply massive .
tr	5	In fact , as a musician , it really sort of irked me .
tr	5	For a moment , Six 's hard voice turns almost wistful .
tr	6	But the force of the strike still catapulted her body upwards off the ground .
tr	10	I guess he can go out for a while .
tr	10	It looked as if the helicopter had slammed into the ground sideways .
tr	10	Yet again , he found himself wishing that McLeod was still alive .
tr	6	Eventually , seeming mightily unimpressed , Raphael said , ' Well , nice meeting you .
tr	7	The letter was typed and did not contain any stationery , heading , or ending .
tr	7	He nodded his thanks to his wife , and VIN thanked her .
tr	11	He 's an honest cop who 's been around the block .
tr	11	" I 'm glad I could let you see .
tr	10	Besides , we need rest , and we dont know how they 'll receive us .
tr	11	Elaina knew she was going to die .
tr	5	" How many warriors do you have ? "
tr	6	She slid it back onto her wrist with a larger grin .
tr	8	" What could possibly have caused that ? "
tr	9	I didn 't want to throw up .
tr	11	He needed to focus on helping Jenny .
tr	10	Who knows how long we will be there ?
tr	9	Enrico was clearly distracted and fearful fidgeting with his pants , his eyes down cast .
tr	7	Sitting in the chair I put the glove on , flipped through the touchscreen and found the recording section .
tr	6	" So yes , you 're no longer a virgin , or yes you are still a virgin . "
tr	10	" Just about , " Rick fumbled through the remaining mess , making sure they had it all .
tr	8	Still , he wouldn 't have missed it for the world .
tr	9	A stubborn and shouting Sky refusing to go to bed .
tr	11	" Ethan said to tell you it wasn 't personal . "
tr	8	From the transfer station , the modules would continue their journey to space aboard the much larger , orbital airships .
tr	7	The small darts from the tasers struck Mark in the chest .
tr	7	As no one was leaving he just stood up and took his rubbish and tray to the bin .
tr	9	she blurted out , then gasped at the nausea waves produced by the effort of shouting .
tr	7	Without an ounce of fat he had six-pack and ribs -- too skinny in her opinion .
tr	8	His plan was working , that was , until Atticus and I took back our cheese .
tr	9	" Then I 'm ... hold on ... is anyone getting any blood sucked or injected ? "
tr	11	You may have to roll me back down the hill to the hotel though . "
tr	5	I still have that picture .
tr	8	I 'll just need a little information and we 'll get you on the water right quick .
tr	8	he said , his face twisted in confusion .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	8	You are as intuitive as your father , " said Candice .
tr	11	They went through a side door that opened into the control room .
tr	5	He hardly ever saw her any more .
tr	10	Her hands trembled when she held out the grass bracelet , giving it away .
tr	6	With a clink and a clunk , the door slid open and Hansen stepped inside .
tr	9	It was a sign of the beginning of spring .
tr	10	The old man 's reactions would probably dictate how much he 'd tell him .
tr	11	" Remember , we all want to keep things fair and balanced .
tr	9	But remembering their almost callous attitude when the ship went missing , he dismissed the idea .
tr	5	" What 's the ' other ' ? "
tr	9	Lady Eda , though upon occasion irritating of manner , is I believe a perfectly agreeable young lady . "
tr	8	We checked the complex but found no sign of human activity .
tr	9	" It wasn 't too bad once I got him off the horse . "
tr	8	He jotted notes on a small notepad on the table beside his laptop .
tr	8	Sarah visibly shook herself and the image of shooting children from her head .
tr	10	He wasn 't the one who would die today .
tr	7	" About four hundred yards .
tr	7	" That was awfully silly of you , wasn 't it , dear ?
tr	7	He glanced at the table and I could sense the flooding memories .
tr	6	Beloved father and family man , hard worker , devout Catholic , member of the church softball team , veteran .
tr	7	He 'd had only the two marbles but there was another invocation ... Where is that vial ?
tr	10	" Kid , that 's a nice gesture but our concern is only for our men ! "
tr	9	This gave Ryan the opportunity to read his space engineering and computer magazines .
tr	8	" Had a few since then , " the cop answered as he took his seat .
tr	7	Mark pulled the necklace from its box and slipped it over his head .
tr	9	A reason to seek justice in a world where there is none .
tr	6	" Did anyone get hurt ?
tr	10	Like all priests , he 'd had his desire for women magically shorn from him in exchange for his strange powers .
tr	6	Dave laughed loudly and called Rob several humiliating names .
tr	10	My leg throbbed as if a thousand pastry knives were jabbing into it over and over again .
tr	7	Mr. Clancy rose and moved toward the hearth , stooped and threw another log on the fire .
tr	10	And in order to follow the money , I 'd need to sign up for the pastry thing .
tr	10	A nasty migraine was begging to brew somewhere between her temples .
tr	9	They were good to their neighbors and had helped many townspeople out during their sixteen years here .
tr	10	But too many things have happened that have opened my eyes .
tr	9	" I shall have some food sent to you . "
tr	11	They collided in a fury of fists - trading punches of terrific force .
tr	11	I must admit I had a little luck at this point .
tr	8	" Give me at least three hours or maybe a little more , " Scott relayed after keying the radio .
tr	9	Who knows what he was after .
tr	11	It would not be easy to locate her , for she could be in numerous places .
tr	9	" This is the stupidest argument I have ever had ! "
tr	9	* * * The hours lapse upon each other like large , slow waves .
tr	8	" They 're working on that now , " Mike replied .
tr	7	But , upon another swift search through the corn , he couldn 't see anyone else .
tr	7	Col looked at her with pain scoring deep , dark lines across his face .
tr	10	His inquisitive gaze quickly ran over all three figures standing in front of him .
tr	9	" If you tell anyone about this vision it won 't be good . "
tr	5	" The so-called super soldier program , " Destro acknowledged .
tr	11	He continues to patronize while moving closer .
tr	7	" Perhaps we had better get up , " Simon said in a low voice to Miriam .
tr	11	I have to decide whether you should know .
tr	9	He reached across the interior of the car and threw the passengers door open .
tr	10	It looks like we are still here for another twelve hours , " Jonesy said .
tr	8	It was a chocolate wrapper , the sun had reflected off the foil on the inside .
tr	10	I knew something had to give .
tr	10	Holding his nose , he obliges , and here is what I come up with : This is for Ryan !
tr	10	I think they set up a zero humidity situation under pressure . "
tr	7	" The attackers have definitely won this battle , yet their weapons are still powered up .
tr	8	Victor stopped a passing Hunter in his tracks and handed him a sheet of paper .
tr	9	She glances at the lifeless form of Doctor Hartman and sighs sadly .
tr	9	I took the solar panels and mounted them in a very shallow vee on the houseboats roof .
tr	6	At her right appeared a robed warrior with hair and scarred skin the same shade of white .
tr	9	It was still wearing a navy blue sweater and its Wal-Mart nametag on a lanyard around its neck .
tr	7	It 's ... well , it won 't work , is all . "
tr	8	All her new classmates had come through the junior school together and she hadn 't known a single person .
tr	10	He nodded to his men who entered the room fully .
tr	8	The men were so caught up in their discussions they lost track of time .
tr	5	Could she really just up and leave everything behind ?
tr	6	Ethan was an unassuming small and slight older man with a bald head .
tr	6	What is that all about ? "
tr	9	The walk would take most of the day now that the ground was wet and muddy .
tr	5	A house , a horse , money , toys , clothes , vacations .
tr	8	The very fact that he was alive was a miracle .
tr	6	I slipped down the platform and wandered onboard a lonely car .
tr	9	Aria had proven herself during her time with the TDF and was offered the rank of Commander .
tr	9	He went to work with his batons .
tr	6	" How could I ever forget ? "
tr	11	My hands grew moist , gently tracing the watery stones around me as I waited for the dawn .
tr	7	10 Enrico and Pierre left them alone and a silence fell between them .
tr	7	I had forgotten about the cat .
tr	10	" But you 're right , it seems like we are wasting a perfect day . "
tr	9	One evening , when the boys where on kitchen duty an important conversation came up .
tr	6	Although recognisably humanoid , its starved appearance shocked and horrified the men .
tr	10	" Is that an invitation to move in , or a proposal ? "
tr	11	I asked while trying to remain calm .
tr	9	He turned to look at her .
tr	9	Mary was in her early sixties and had seen the worst of the war .
tr	7	There was a creak from the doorway .
tr	6	" Equal parts tequila , vodka , Red Aftershock , and a dash of Tabasco .
tr	10	" There are many things which I have never seen , that is true .
tr	7	You just cannot leave me on the streets . "
tr	11	You must have known that would bring the roof down . "
tr	10	This is how stalkers get started !
tr	8	Once the cloth drops , you 'll be less excitable after a moment if you wait . "
tr	7	His words finally penetrate , and I quickly scoot away from Gabe .
tr	8	" We got a job lined up tomorrow . "
tr	8	Shots pinged across the hood of the Volvo .
tr	6	But the castle had stood , and so had the Kindred .
tr	5	It was kinda funny , though . "
tr	9	* * * They do get to work .
tr	7	The big wolf went over and took the meat away from the smaller one .
tr	7	One day they will conquer nobility , tyranny , and strife through love and patience .
tr	8	It wasn 't real money , of course , but it looked it .
tr	9	He had chosen them from other boys in the old village because they had no uncles .
tr	10	" Like I 'm gon na listen my big sister , " Hunter said .
tr	7	He felt no anger , no remorse , and also no hope .
tr	5	" Uh , he 's there ?
tr	11	Veronica jumped out of her seat , smiling as she ran toward him .
tr	8	They started up a boarding stair built into the door .
tr	5	The third and the fourth meeting went the same way .
tr	9	Noah 's neck had turned absolutely crimson , and his fingers twitched on the edge of the bar stool .
tr	8	The idea of training another spy would simply re-open old wounds . "
tr	7	" Now wait a minute , " started Reggie , " we 're not officially anything .
tr	8	he asked , his brow crinkling with concern .
tr	9	And I wasn 't in the mood to explain .
tr	9	On the flat screen of her console is the face of Jason Drake looking at her with amusement .
tr	6	" You 're my field commander , " Scott said , " but more importantly , you 're my friend .
tr	9	They are aware that the projected cost is thirty-four Trillion ?
tr	6	Maybe it 's good news , " Derrick says with an upbeat tone .
tr	8	Your dad didn 't say , but I can 't imagine he and your mum would approve .
tr	11	Now we needed to survive long enough to avenge him .
tr	7	Unsure joints and muscles gave him a burlesque clockwork action of his own .
tr	7	" Well that 's good news , Jon , " Sheriff Lewis replies , excitement in his voice .
tr	8	You should learn a very valuable lesson , " his father added , a slight edge to his voice .
tr	6	" I won 't tell anyone .
tr	11	I crossed my fingers and turned the switch the electric fuel pump began to hum and click .
tr	8	Are we ... are they attacking us ?
tr	8	" Well , " he said " lots of activity in the last few days .
tr	9	I will be back in a turn or so , you have the first watch . "
tr	6	' But look , a chap 's aunt - ' ' Quite so , sire .
tr	10	No personal effects , no labels , supplies for two weeks with little chance of re-supply .
tr	7	It was surrounded by a thick , dark fence .
tr	10	Tork pushed me out of the way and began to pull the panel with all his might .
tr	10	From the snow he stared up at me , his cheeks rumbling with silent laughter .
tr	6	A number of unfamiliar faces occupied the chairs around them .
tr	6	As a freelance writer he provided content to magazines and websites .
tr	7	Twilight had fallen in the clearing .
tr	6	" Father Case Terhune , " he said , still out of breath and sweating from his cemetery detour .
tr	10	Zeal and l both began to skim the horizon , searching for the source of this strange sound .
tr	8	' Get to the north entrance of the park .
tr	5	" And God forgave you . "
tr	6	She smelled of cinnamon , of citrus .
tr	7	After a few more bumps , Miriam sat up and rubbed her eyes with one hand .
tr	9	Then you can try to do the same . "
tr	10	I wish I could have heard them sooner .
tr	8	" Hey , how long were you back there ? "
tr	9	That is why I left you on the ship so long , for your protection .
tr	8	he said , baring his teeth in a large smile .
tr	8	Ricky said standing beside a perfectly symmetrical cone of smooth red stones as the others rounded the massive trunk .
tr	10	I suspected there were others behind the glass partition to my right .
tr	7	Twenty feet away , the deer raised its nose to the air and then sprinted off into the darkness .
tr	7	There were numerous fallen branches and some brush , but nothing a horse could not navigate over or around .
tr	11	There was a general feeling of tension coming from everyone they passed .
tr	11	I had hoped to see you again before you sailed . "
tr	9	" That 's what the lawyers call it , " Pickett responded .
tr	8	I explained my trip , my meeting with Joseph , and the rendezvous at the monastery .
tr	9	Rift interrupts , his veil of maturity crumbling with the agitated response .
tr	6	The mingled gray and silver lifelines decorated the landscape like tinsel on a Christmas tree .
tr	9	" Don 't you want to keep the details on your brother ? "
tr	8	He asks , shaking his head and growing frustrated .
tr	8	Thanks to the new friend at my side , I 'd been spared death .
tr	9	I leaned back against the headrest and gazed at the roof of the helicopter .
tr	7	I didn 't say anything , I just walked away from him .
tr	8	Just before her fingertips settled on the delicate strands it flashed into mist once more .
tr	7	" Russian women don 't back away from trouble .
tr	7	Jonesy nodded that he did .
tr	5	Adele 's voice was quietly pleading .
tr	7	" We 'll give her the chance , " said David , " I 'll call her . "
tr	8	" Aren 't you not supposed to care ? "
tr	6	In the gloomy silence the old riverboat creaked and settled and rocked gently .
tr	8	I think I can understand .
tr	8	" Furnace , the finest bottle of sparkles , at once . "
tr	8	Supper was finished and all three sat back in their chairs , breathing deeply .
tr	7	Billy lazily made his way to the entrance and Connor stoically followed him into the hotel .
tr	9	If I had been a bigger man , I would have rid the world of his disservice . "
tr	5	A few moments later , his younger sister Ansonia also entered nervously .
tr	10	He had no reason to listen to me .
tr	10	' I agree ; most of the vibes I picked up were negative .
tr	11	It took more than a moment for him to realize it was their clothes .
tr	11	And the cup he made you drink from ?
tr	7	He took a step back and looked from side to side .
tr	10	The thought of spending the rest of my life with Zeal was more than I could stomach .
tr	10	Calvin asked putting the spoon down to hug her properly .
tr	7	Mr. No Name pondered for a bit then shook his head in agreement .
tr	11	There were no air currents to move the leaves in the trees .
tr	6	He takes a deep breath and then continues .
tr	8	Curiosity overcoming apprehension , Rick came forward to examine the contents .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	6	I was fully aware of it .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , Colin Lawless , you do , " she said .
tr	6	Normally there were four crew members , a driver , a commander , a gunner , and a loader .
tr	6	" What are you doing , Rick ? "
tr	10	" I could have sworn it moved , " she finally said , shaking her head from side to side .
tr	7	Violent tremors shook the floor of the tunnel .
tr	11	I have to go back tonight after we have dinner . "
tr	9	" I am speaking of more than a jailbreak , my friends .
tr	10	Jennie looked angrily at George who shrugged his shoulders .
tr	10	Back on the first floor , he went back outside to do a more relaxed perimeter check .
tr	7	Chris turned and headed for Sarah 's blanket .
tr	7	Alejo stopped in his tracks and held up one hand .
tr	6	" This will just take a minute ! "
tr	8	The slam of the lightning weapons terrified them , and they pawed the ground and tugged at their restraints .
tr	5	Mr. and Mrs. Mason knew both the deceased . "
tr	11	' Neither side wishes to see a war between our races , us more so than the humans .
tr	8	" Haven 't you heard the stories about them ?
tr	9	" How are we going to negotiate that ? "
tr	10	I 'm supposed to be seeing Marlon tonight .
tr	9	" I will hear no more of it , " Frey dismissed him .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry to interrupt , but I must ask .
tr	5	" That , Ms. Jenkins , is our state record ! "
tr	10	I didn 't want to add to your anxiety . "
tr	11	Chris watched him squint against the harsh sunlight , then turn his head a few times until he spotted him .
tr	11	She said looking at him sitting in it .
tr	8	And yet , in many ways , they have been good to me .
tr	11	Whether or not the weather ever got better didn 't matter they were stuck like that forever .
tr	9	You aren 't supposed to be here .
tr	8	Link knew a little , but telling him more may put his life in danger .
tr	8	Blood were drenching from his sword , an indication of a tough fight .
tr	9	' Fingers crossed we 'll be alright .
tr	8	The bus was parked by itself , out in the open .
tr	9	They passed him without a word but he cantered Rocky the rest of the way home .
tr	6	" Who 's been killed ? "
tr	10	Elaina looked away , but he waited for her to go on .
tr	9	I don 't want to dirty your sheets . "
tr	9	He was a man who loved the Lord .
tr	8	" This should last until tomorrow , " she said .
tr	7	I wonder what he wants ?
tr	5	Are you , like , a hit man ? "
tr	7	" I have a clock in my head .
tr	6	A sharp pain under her left breast snapped her eyes open .
tr	9	" I don 't understand you , " Sarah said , standing up and brushing the dirt from her jeans .
tr	10	Andy was glad to get to bed after a long eventful day .
tr	11	The Princess asks , hanging on to what little hope she can .
tr	10	I retracted my hand and Pete fell to his knees along with his rifle .
tr	8	Taylor asked half jokingly , " So that would make you Dorothy , right ? "
tr	10	Tried to make sense of it .
tr	8	" Let 's get out of here . "
tr	9	' It 's the first book of the Hebrew Bible and the Christian Old Testament , ' I replied slowly .
tr	6	" I love you too , " I say back without any hesitation .
tr	10	This is even better than viewing a space movie at the IMAX theatre .
tr	7	Maybe we could use it to our advantage ?
tr	10	Not without J.C. to give advice .
tr	6	But , as the fisher folk know , the limbs of crabs grow back .
tr	6	A faint blush of colour stained Lady Adele 's cheeks .
tr	6	In the distance , the small red dwarf shone its rays onto a dull , gunmetal coloured world .
tr	11	The water buffalo is used to store large amounts of water .
tr	7	" They have it at my school , " he said with a happy shrug .
tr	5	" But I had three older brothers . "
tr	7	BP is eighty over fifty-five , pulse ox is eighty-five . "
tr	9	He was a huge man , in his forties now but still lean and hard .
tr	9	" I won 't let them kill you , Elaina , " he shouted .
tr	7	He dragged himself to the other window , but the view was the same .
tr	11	I 've detected we share common ground in our love of wilderness paintings . "
tr	7	Yep , old Bob was living the high life but it didn 't last . "
tr	10	Ted needed to come up with a plan , a good one .
tr	7	Kaylie brought the third enormous print and held it for Alex to tape .
tr	6	" Trig controls your biological and chemical levels , the sour grapes . "
tr	7	The gravity here was more than double that of the moon .
tr	10	Shortly after , Andy noticed a mountain range rising to meet them .
tr	10	They have a pump to push the water up into the great hall .
tr	7	He closed her door and went to the garage .
tr	10	Jeff pushed Harrison 's arms down to meet his knee coming up .
tr	10	It was almost as if a fraternal instinct overtook me at that exact moment .
tr	9	What to do about me .
tr	7	I opened it and scanned it , my heart in my throat .
tr	8	With a wave of my arms , I tried to shoo the hen away .
tr	8	Then we can split up and fight our way through the remaining three bunkers .
tr	10	" Are you going to kill me ? "
tr	7	Finn squatted down next to the man and fished out another cigarette .
tr	11	With great strength of will she managed to prevent herself from averting her eyes guiltily .
tr	6	It made her skin tingle with pleasure .
tr	10	' Get your coat you can see us to the bus station . '
tr	7	" What can I do for you this fine evening ? "
tr	6	' So , you found out anything interesting ? '
tr	10	The engine roared as it had done for her .
tr	7	He took a moment before responding .
tr	9	" With flying colors " responded Trudy while Phillip and Vivian nodded in agreement .
tr	9	' He 'd say it 's fine . '
tr	7	of his skull on the hardwood floor was the second to last thing Santa Claus heard .
tr	8	His mother was a tall woman with short red hair and pale freckled skin .
tr	8	" I 'll give him a good whack and you tie him up , " instructed Thatch .
tr	8	" Well , you have an excellent pilot here , Mr. Richmond , " added General Saunders .
tr	9	Split cedar was used to make the roof shingles .
tr	7	I reached into a pocket reality and pulled out my spear .
tr	7	Come unlock the gate , " Melody called out in a rather loud , urgent whisper .
tr	11	No one ever seemed to notice that he was missing .
tr	8	Now the crane needed to lift the heavier lead case .
tr	10	Collin had been standing silently in the background since his previous interruption .
tr	7	" That old -- " " Stop it . "
tr	8	He turned a sombre gaze my way .
tr	10	What had he done to deserve it all ?
tr	10	It seemed to him that he stood there an eternity , and in truth his wait was rather lengthy .
tr	10	He remembered the attack by the raiders occurring when no one else woke up .
tr	11	That 's when Lina realized something was wrong .
tr	9	They say the funniest things , and they make you really live life .
tr	8	The young man spat sideways onto the rail track , ' what 's it to you ? '
tr	6	For a change , the eggs weren 't runny and the bacon wasn 't raw or burned .
tr	10	Again she looked at him , perplexed , allowing herself to enjoy the kiss .
tr	7	Homes of brick , wood , and mortar lined the street .
tr	7	I asked , " Got anybody in mind ? "
tr	6	Eventually , I settle on something different .
tr	11	He drew a corresponding ' M ' as an excited Sgt Davis returned with the rest of the team .
tr	10	Kevin reached the top and called down , " Your great-grandfather knows everything about pulleys and weights and levers and mechanisms .
tr	10	We were returned to that intimate infancy in those brief , quiet hours .
tr	7	The second scorching of the wound was easier ; Mr. Clancy had passed out .
tr	11	He only missed having his nose ripped off by a fraction of an inch .
tr	10	Since they didn 't stop often enough Stinky was even angrier than at the beginning of their travels .
tr	10	I applied a knee in her mouth , making her to spit blood .
tr	10	Are you going to stay ? "
tr	6	" King , " said I , " the blood of the gods is in us .
tr	11	' I 've got no idea what any of this means . '
tr	5	We unloaded our bags and bade the pilot goodbye .
tr	9	Alejo groaned and sank back onto the pillow on his back , black hair sticking up wildly in all directions .
tr	8	I nodded , looking to Eva .
tr	9	Someone who can do a visual ? "
tr	6	Then , with a friendly wave , he headed off into the sunny blue Mediterranean morning .
tr	7	The hot liquid trailed down my throat and spread its desperately needed warmth through my body .
tr	6	I have core testing this week and besides , you don 't really need me here . "
tr	10	She turned to face Josh , grinning at the expression on his face .
tr	8	At the latter 's command , Tomas Godard 's chains were removed and he was escorted inside the glass cage .
tr	6	" The other day in our last battle , I made a promise to a dead brother .
tr	8	I couldn 't do this backpacking thing for real .
tr	10	" Do you want to fly ? "
tr	9	asked the second voice , higher than the first , but still definitely male .
tr	9	I can 't watch my boy going through this much longer .
tr	10	His voice was muffled as he pulled it over his head .
tr	7	Echo noticed the large hole in the Colonel 's chest .
tr	6	He laid lifeless , blood polling below his body on the polished floor .
tr	9	" That was easy , " he grins , proceeding back down the ladder of roots .
tr	11	It didn 't matter what happened to him , they had already failed in their objective .
tr	9	The Prince surged to his feet , then stumbled backward as his ankle again collapsed beneath him .
tr	9	With every remaining ounce of strength in his body , Joe shoved forward and down .
tr	8	But in his sleep , Chris smiled to hear it .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , business establishments , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	8	I couldn 't resist no longer , I just wanted to kill her .
tr	9	She walked to the door , carrying the discarded vase of flowers .
tr	11	I had a feeling the pictures of him and Marie were deleted .
tr	10	Ryan Richmond outlined the first strategy compiled by the team over the last several weeks .
tr	9	The ground shakes and roars as she twists the gem .
tr	11	" OK , do you have any of these head gaskets with you ? "
tr	11	" You 've got to take him out before he chops the rest of those wires ! "
tr	6	She came over and made some adjustments , checked his blood pressure and temperature and looked pleasantly surprised .
tr	9	" I 'm glad to see you .
tr	9	Never would have let you leave .
tr	6	" Yes , that too , " Lilly Ann waved him off , " What else ? "
tr	9	With all their powers they still could fall to the edge of a sharp sword .
tr	8	" I thought , okay , I didn 't really think about it .
tr	7	They were both tall , the woman thin and pointy with big earrings and short black hair .
tr	11	" You mean we are to sleep outside . "
tr	6	And get this , a runner just went missing yesterday . "
tr	11	Timothy recognized it immediately and leaped off Jimmy 's back without informing anyone of his actions .
tr	9	They walked down wide concrete halls lit with florescent lights .
tr	8	He listened intently as they moved forward .
tr	8	Seriously , an empty suit , which turned around , walked off the dance floor and fell to the ground .
tr	7	Reluctantly , she joined him at the rail , clutching the polished wood .
tr	9	That 's different from being here .
tr	8	Your attack will not stop me Tiamat , I thought .
tr	8	' Yeah but you guys were best , ' Amy shouted from the kitchen where the kettle boiled .
tr	9	Tommy said as he leaned forward on the L-shaped sectional couch .
tr	10	She was timid and uncertain , looking to the man for guidance .
tr	5	In the flickering golden light , his young face appeared pale , almost fragile .
tr	9	She could go home , see her parents , find a new place to live and work ?
tr	7	Anderson looked at him speculatively for a long moment before asking .
tr	11	Manuel , how dare you chicken out on me !
tr	11	But this was not the sort of battle where one is fighting for one 's land and family .
tr	7	Taylor mockingly stood at attention and snapped his right hand to his temple .
tr	5	I 'm not exactly sure yet .
tr	8	Who had access to the blades ? "
tr	5	" Yes , at this level , in this system , they are the final gate . "
tr	8	Better for us if they had all been drowned .
tr	10	Archie spoke to the plane , encouraging it to become airborne .
tr	7	Beside I am married to a mean pirate . "
tr	7	The constant odor of the Sage and Bay Brush and the shade of the Oak Trees pleasantly defined their new homes .
tr	6	He untied two special aluminum protective sleeves from his left leg .
tr	9	" You don 't have to be , " Mai chuckles , sensing him slowly coming around .
tr	10	All she had to do was tell Noah 's story to the kids in Quechua .
tr	9	" And apparently you need a reminder of the bomb Mohammed planted , " said Ahmad .
tr	9	Col tried to return the smile , but lost it to another cough .
tr	11	Lena sounded as if she was second guessing the decision .
tr	7	A lot of new machinery would go into the twelve hangars .
tr	7	She gave me a look , her eyes flashing , and moved closer to me .
tr	11	It wasn 't enough his son had inherited the stores and the presidency .
tr	6	A cardboard cutout of Keira Knightley pouts in the corner .
tr	5	Besides , Mike 's burgers were really , really good .
tr	6	" Ugh , " A rumbling noise came from my throat at his words .
tr	7	His voice was still shaking , and he was obviously elated .
tr	6	I pressed a button , entered the lift and looked up .
tr	10	Rick froze as he contemplated the enormity of T .
tr	5	A moment later , a tired looking boy rounded the corner .
tr	7	" It 's close to us Helen .
tr	9	Their eyes connected and Angus now saw how truly afraid Ben was .
tr	7	The silver tabby crouched low on all fours and arched its back in a threatening pose .
tr	9	They sat , in companionable silence , watching the fire burn down .
tr	10	Eddie just sat there looking at the floor sweat running down his face .
tr	10	And he tried to keep it under five a game .
tr	11	I mean there has to be one somewhere right ? "
tr	10	Lilly Ann clapped her hands and laughed , " You just found out what you really want .
tr	8	" And you decided just to let yourselves in ?
tr	10	The boys were also putting together their own plans to help defend the village .
tr	5	" No , there won 't , " Devon and Chris agreed simultaneously .
tr	10	You are trying to trick me and save her . "
tr	9	" His armor 's still too thick , " Rift declares , worriedly watching the foe prepare a new attack .
tr	6	They 're somewhat less literal , I admit , but it 's the same thing . "
tr	7	His hands caught the edge , and using his powerful shoulder muscles , he silently pulled his head up .
tr	6	He tucked the SIG into his belt at his back , under his sweater .
tr	9	Do you believe that ? "
tr	7	" He wears it to this day , " Zelda nods with a fond smile .
tr	10	She heard the click of the door behind her and felt an arm around her shoulders .
tr	9	" Hello Cherie , how lovely to see you .
tr	9	Ted found that he could see pretty well now .
tr	11	The scared birds fled in opposite directions , leaving a mix of feathers to drift to the ground .
tr	6	Pain like a thousand fireworks exploded in my leg .
tr	10	" Mr. President , there are a few organizations out there advocating the use of airships to get into orbit .
tr	10	It 's like looking after my brother 's kids sometimes .
tr	9	But until then we have to keep her safe . "
tr	7	Like many of his peers , our current monarch , King Martin III , practices restraint .
tr	9	Out of options , the skull kid thrusts both palms into the trunk just before Link can reach him .
tr	7	Sarah sat down next to him and put her arms around him .
tr	11	Are you going to play nice ? "
tr	7	" A bit of both , I assume , " Wilbur admitted , " but these days are over .
tr	10	Dashing back a step , the thief throws three daggers into the ground in front of the Queen .
tr	10	He realized that the garage had remained unlit .
tr	6	" Fifteen minutes to contact , " the navigation officer announced .
tr	10	" I want to run with you , " I say .
tr	5	" No , not Norton , Horton , apparently someone Ray did business with .
tr	10	Their bunks were among the closest to the hangar deck hatch and it was now proving to be a problem .
tr	9	We 're in Wells at the moment but we 'll be in Hunstanton for the weekend . "
tr	6	Bernie 's blurred image returned his stare , and Duke 's heart slowed again .
tr	10	She hit send , then turned off the phone and her iPad , as requested .
tr	5	Despite my resolve , a warm , wet trail slid down my cheek .
tr	6	After a little while he felt her tug away sleepily , and tightened his hold in a warning pressure .
tr	6	In the Great Hall , bioluminescent hair of most still glows like stimulated jellyfish .
tr	7	What are you doing here now , young lady ? "
tr	6	" You 've had french fries before , right ? "
tr	7	The knife stuck out of his side , and blood seeped through his fingers .
tr	6	A different kiss from last night , not a passionate , groping kiss , but a beautiful tender kiss .
tr	8	His pale blue eyes seemed tired ... ... ... ... .
tr	5	In the lift Richard said , ' Lawyers ? '
tr	11	" Thought you never allowed your whores to mark you ? "
tr	7	Jimmy seemed confused for a moment .
tr	7	Finally she reached her objective , shone the torch at an obscure angle and looked obliquely at the mirror .
tr	7	The brawler rushed in and took him in a bear hug .
tr	7	For the rest of the meeting , the boss was on great form .
tr	7	Toby ran to the limo , clawed the rear door open , and jumped inside .
tr	8	" Sir , Doctor Hartman is ready for his drop , " he says sadly .
tr	9	The scientists working on the project had access to only part of the materials at any one point in time . '
tr	7	" Can I look in your Daddy 's backpack ? "
tr	7	If not , I 'll gut you without pause , and we 'll find the west wing ourselves . "
tr	6	Now , in this momentary calm , the words " New York City " came as a shock .
tr	5	" How is Dr. Lee doing ? "
tr	11	If Joe wanted to get out of this predicament , he would have to do something immediately .
tr	7	There was mounting circumstantial evidence of foul play .
tr	8	Soon Natalie woke up full of joy and happiness : " Was there a golden bird here ?
tr	9	I never had to worry about you .
tr	7	She stopped and her head dropped to her chest .
tr	9	Colors held up a finger , as he relayed her question over his helmet comm .
tr	11	There isn 't really much we can do about the situation .
tr	9	In one of the mornings , she told me that she cannot longer pretend , and she kissed me . "
tr	9	The sun was dipping low behind the western mountains , and long shadows reached across the asphalt .
tr	9	He ran his fingers through his hair , cursing as they caught on a knot .
tr	10	He could neither understand nor comprehend that a man could kill innocent women and children .
tr	8	He reached them just as a shrill scream pierced the silent darkness .
tr	11	Whoever came down that chimney was going to die .
tr	11	" I don 't think we 'd get a signal out here anyway , Mist - Mark . "
tr	7	Most important , whatever ye do , stay away from the damned Tarot .
tr	7	Captain Logan 's sentence , though picked up in the middle , was nonetheless intelligible .
tr	9	Nice of you to join us , by the way . "
tr	8	" All units are currently assisting victims of the blast .
tr	7	Sam grabbed a line and swung aboard and I followed .
tr	9	He curled into himself , much like a beast at bay .
tr	7	I 've seen no rules about trespassing .
tr	5	More crowded the stairway , no doubt , the foyer and living and dining rooms downstairs .
tr	7	" Soon as we go down a foot or so the water fills the test pits . "
tr	7	What happened to Amelia Earhart ?
tr	7	Both males and females possessed bat ears , their arms were bat wings , they possessed a tail , and fangs .
tr	9	He grabbed a large cappuccino , some gum , and a sandwich identical to Amanda 's .
tr	8	" Try it on , " she suggested , " I believe you wear the same size as dad . "
tr	6	So , you see , it 's more than friends . "
tr	8	' It appears they have another research facility there . '
tr	7	But she needed our help and we took a huge step with her today . "
tr	8	We will go where we will .
tr	6	" Must it make sense ?
tr	8	" You should 've stayed out of this . "
tr	7	Another raccoon sat up in a tree but , this one was not the same as the other ones .
tr	8	He seemed at home in an expensive black suit with a sky blue tie .
tr	5	So you just wait your turn real patient like . "
tr	9	She gets to her feet and looks upon Aria with the eyes of a rabid dog .
tr	9	There was no buzz from the hive above them .
tr	10	" I don 't wish to live in such a world . "
tr	8	They 've secured access to the external security cameras and the radars .
tr	8	yelled Stefano in shock for the cold murder just witnessed .
tr	11	" Well , for now , you 're going to Nationals with me , and that 's final .
tr	8	He 'd carried that same knife in Korea .
tr	10	They had not yet reached the gate when a pair of warriors rode up to them .
tr	11	But if she was close enough to see the signs , surely Shaykh Saif was .
tr	10	They are applied at different stages of their lives and are a status symbol .
tr	9	It is time to move , he thought .
tr	7	The T-Rex grabbed it in its jaws , chewed it , and spat it out .
tr	5	They 're very sensitive . "
tr	10	Leo set out what he wanted to accomplish .
tr	5	" Find any angels today ? "
tr	7	" We intercepted part of a conversation .
tr	8	" I know about emus and llamas and zebras and giraffes and one old monkey .
tr	6	So why did she still feel regret ?
tr	6	Then , Ashby 's grin faded , disbelief , shock , and finally panic flitted swiftly over his face .
tr	8	The whistles and cheers from everyone else made her blush , but she couldn 't stop smiling .
tr	8	It was coming for him , and it was here .
tr	9	Chapter 12 What Was in the Closet ?
tr	6	In the bathroom , she saw a new toothbrush and she opened the box .
tr	10	Do you believe in karma Auron ? "
tr	6	" Of course he wouldn 't , " Aria 's voice responds .
tr	6	Then Sonia gave him her , " So , you and your son are vampires ? "
tr	8	Claire 's eyes opened wide but she kept her lips closed .
tr	7	Waving Willow slapped her hands together , and the children came to attention .
tr	8	Here I 've been offered this great mission , and I 'm so unworthy .
tr	7	Just like all of their past adventures , this one will end on a happy note . "
tr	9	Sheena said , just then I saw a few suits come into view .
tr	11	Once they are sure it is you , they are a docile as day-old kittens .
tr	10	He had always cracked , they all had ; even Rafe could not stand before that all seeing gaze .
tr	11	" What if I don 't want to go ? "
tr	6	The training had been excellent .
tr	9	As the Terror grew , so did hunts for the Faith .
tr	6	" I assure you , Cameron dear , your mother , Trinity , is safe and sound .
tr	8	One dad was pointing out Orion 's Belt and the Big Dipper .
tr	7	She ran her fingers through her hair and sighed .
tr	8	As swiftly as he had sidestepped , Joe swung around behind Jake .
tr	7	" I like you , Rift , " Mai asserts after a moment .
tr	9	interjected VIN , slowly nearing the open doors of Sierra Bravo II .
tr	10	He sat with his back against the wall and felt like crying in despair .
tr	6	Gabriel took a defensive stance , and with great care and seriousness , laid the unseen pattern .
tr	6	" Perfect , T. ' " Whoa ! "
tr	10	He grabbed Joshua 's arm , " Are you okay ? "
tr	5	Eventually , he made a breakthrough .
tr	10	" ' Tis only that we must make haste , " he replied .
tr	9	" We really need to talk about some stuff . "
tr	11	He knew he 'd depend on them , if real trouble came .
tr	9	" It might be a few days until I get an earnest brew again .
tr	9	um ... stopped by to talk about Spy Games .
tr	8	His network is huge and spreads all over the Americas and Europe .
tr	5	Remember your training Azul , especially the lightening and water spells .
tr	8	Congratulations , Melissa , you 're in possession of one very powerful document . "
tr	9	It was also the moment she heard voices outside .
tr	9	As if on cue , Dr. Morgan moved in for a closer look .
tr	9	For a moment , I feared that he had passed away .
tr	8	When did she start training them ?
tr	7	The agent reached into his jacket again and extracted a small cell phone .
tr	10	I don 't care what happens after that .
tr	10	Rafe felt his cheeks grow warm , and shifted his gaze from hers .
tr	7	Lilly Ann grabbed his right arm and stood up , " Ready ? "
tr	10	" I think I can help you there , " Fritz winked at him .
tr	9	This is a work of fiction , and is produced from the author 's imagination .
tr	9	She hadn 't been there when he entered .
tr	6	Special glazes glinted in the sun .
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	9	He opened the first one and read with concentration , shook his head then folded it back up .
tr	10	The woman smiled , dispersing a legion of crow 's feet across her copper cheeks .
tr	7	That evening he stayed with us and then left the following morning . "
tr	8	He turned and dumped a few delicious looking flapjacks on a plate .
tr	11	You did want to do that .
tr	10	His costume tugged at the bark and he had to tear it free .
tr	10	He touched Hank 's shoulder , whispered good-bye , then turned away .
tr	9	Although he had never played the tables in his life , he learned and now understood craps .
tr	8	Paddy knew this from the tour guide , not that he really gave a shit .
tr	8	A place to stop , rest and refill before continuing along their journey .
tr	7	As he spoke , Bax raised his right hand , balled it into a fist and cracked his knuckles for effect .
tr	5	The same , ironically , you filled out last time , Callum . "
tr	11	Soon they were approaching the security checkpoint at the entrance of the City of the Robots .
tr	11	He swore he had to have her .
tr	7	Elaina 's gaze shifted to him , and Cade kept quiet .
tr	8	The militia did not like that ; they grumbled low and Alex could no longer make out the words .
tr	9	Things like getting shot didn 't happen in situations like that .
tr	7	" I saw nothing in my dreams , Mr. Clancy . "
tr	7	Tori said , got her jacket and her favorite purse and they both went to the car .
tr	11	" I wonder how coincidental it is that they appear now . "
tr	11	I don 't know what we would do without you . "
tr	10	Students murdering in the streets and nobles feigning some sort of guilt complex .
tr	8	They decided to have one more meal .
tr	11	I 'd like to play with those odds , Commander . "
tr	6	Old Ivan Davidoff never did talk about his childhood in Russia .
tr	9	A concept Rift has never grasped , despising most outdoor activities .
tr	10	I kept walking , leaving him with the sting of my words .
tr	6	Then one night , I got a tug on my fishing line .
tr	7	" Other than - " Mark started to say .
tr	6	Kellan 's cold and empty bed , she all alone in his locked quarters in the rebel base he commanded .
tr	8	Joe was committed ; he was going in for the kill .
tr	6	Speeches after dinner , Remembrance for people passed .
tr	10	' You think we 're in with a chance ? '
tr	9	" She 'll be too weak to blink . "
tr	6	" You 're right , " the girl said suddenly .
tr	7	Sidney rose onto the porch and took the pup from the man .
tr	9	Without her doing so , it had managed to become closed .
tr	10	" And if I am to be you , who are you to be ? "
tr	6	" Oh , Eva , it 's been ever so long .
tr	10	' These ' I said , and turned over the photograph .
tr	9	I 've no time to be kind .
tr	11	I could tell they were puzzled by something .
tr	8	The response was quick and concise , knocking me off balance .
tr	5	She touched his face once again .
tr	10	" Is he going to meet them as well ? "
tr	6	" Put the hat on Maya . "
tr	9	He 's not human , " Navi points out as Garo continues his slow march toward the trio .
tr	8	He looked over at Pete with an expression of betrayal .
tr	10	Ben had been dreaming of this moment for ages .
tr	7	" I really hope this works , " I said , worry skittering up and down my arms .
tr	7	Away from the sweltering heat , the cold air struck clouds of steam from his sweating body .
tr	10	They had to be at least twenty feet clear .
tr	10	" Yeah , we saw how well that worked out for you last time , " said Harold .
tr	9	At twenty-four she knew her future would be colourful and beautiful .
tr	8	Taking the remaining bags of ground coffee he placed them on a small cart and wheeled them into his office .
tr	10	He heard and saw certain lines from his life played over and over again in his skull .
tr	11	Mere thoughts of violence finally taking form now that he has the capability to execute .
tr	7	Thus prices are low , at least in theory .
tr	8	I 'll be back in a jiffy , " he said , and disappeared back through the archway .
tr	10	It seemed that Feral had indeed learned friend from foe .
tr	9	" Thank you , " she said , " I was waiting for you to bring me here . "
tr	8	" I have no doubt you would . "
tr	8	His words reverberate and shudder strangely becoming a drawn out scream .
tr	9	" Do you know , Miriam , you are right , " Mana said .
tr	10	I was more than happy for you to use one of my other jets . "
tr	6	" I wouldn 't know , " Jim shrugged , " I 've never tasted you . "
tr	5	Another pause , then , " No , Cassie , I 'm sorry . "
tr	11	His eyes followed her outstretched hand and he saw what was making her so excited .
tr	6	Within seconds he was unconscious , disarmed , bound and gagged and rolled under the verandah .
tr	9	Buildings stacked so close together you could pour your neighbor a cup of coffee from balcony to balcony .
tr	8	She 'd recognized the area in the photos .
tr	8	The scars running across her cheeks are not the only scars she bears .
tr	7	not sure why but let 's do one anyway . "
tr	10	the Captain ordered , answered by a chorus of " Yes Sir . "
tr	10	It may not be possible to tend his wounds properly . "
tr	9	I still wore the blood stained clothes , I quickly changed and went to the bridge .
tr	9	My mind was filled with all sorts of possibilities .
tr	9	He walked to the southern side of the bluff , around a large boulder and disappeared from sight .
tr	5	Well that , and his enhanced speed and strength gave him an advantage .
tr	9	The way he stroked that red stone on his lap caught her eye .
tr	6	" The princess is still here on the island .
tr	6	" Enjoy the show , " Tori said and she and Daniel went backstage .
tr	10	I happen to like who I am .
tr	9	I looked at my wrist even though I didn 't have a watch .
tr	7	Charlie took several long gulps on his pint glass and then wiped his mouth .
tr	7	Sarah felt a wave of exhaustion and resentment .
tr	5	Behind the shooting line George unlocked the two cases .
tr	5	" I 'm sure . "
tr	7	asked Vivien a little startled .
tr	6	Without thinking , I lifted my revolver and snapped off a shot .
tr	9	The hermit heaved the door back in place , cursing the lot of them under his breath .
tr	7	But that was okay too , he supposed .
tr	6	A long cedar work island , stainless steel appliances , a table , some cupboards , a small pantry .
tr	5	Like forgiveness , somehow , which maybe were the same thing sometimes .
tr	8	A soft twang followed by a whistling sound reached his ears , and he dropped to the floor without hesitation .
tr	6	So far away from her homeland , she understood the curiosity .
tr	9	The shapeshifter realized his mistake and turned his gaze toward the five secret service agents just finishing reloading .
tr	8	Well , yes there hadn 't been any big bust ups with his teachers .
tr	9	I throw open the bathroom door and ask Gabe for a pen and paper .
tr	5	" Wow , " murmured Kenzie , uncharacteristically quiet until now .
tr	9	She 's doing her best to be friendly . "
tr	7	she finished , using his word .
tr	8	Once there , we set up in a nice hunting lodge that we 'd purchased .
tr	9	How can there be a difference between an object and its being ? "
tr	10	He could not speak to Pierre at this moment because they would attract attention .
tr	6	You bless the pure in heart .
tr	7	The other members of the group drew close , listening , and Falconer 's frown darkened .
tr	9	She really didn 't want to open her eyes .
tr	9	Sarah asked before she could stop herself .
tr	10	It really was getting damp in this old tower , the Baron noticed .
tr	5	" I understand , Dave , but please , give it a try .
tr	11	" Doctor Smith , I 'm so sorry for getting us off track . "
tr	8	She gives them a weak smile and waves down to them .
tr	10	" It 's about going to that school , " Jess said .
tr	10	What you 'll have to do is to get as much help as you can . "
tr	11	That during this year away from home , I won 't be able to meet up to his expectations . "
tr	7	" What if there are other Werewolves waiting for us at Bloody Mary 's ? "
tr	8	I needed to get away , find my dad .
tr	6	Willie could only laugh and shook his head .
tr	8	I shouted again , " Fire Control , Yes or No ! "
tr	7	A few loud shouts rang out in the clearing , and Alejo muttered a very bad word .
tr	11	He pushed me away as I tried to help and tried again .
tr	8	With one swift movement , he ripped her bodice from her , exposing her to all the hungry eyes .
tr	5	The warmth of his hand on her waist or hip as he guided her body .
tr	6	After a bit , we settled upon a large file .
tr	8	He had never made such a mess of anything in his life .
tr	9	" If you don 't open in 20 seconds I 'll go straight to the headmistress . "
tr	11	Someone to feed the belt for me , " Syd offered .
tr	7	Make it quick , need the intel within twenty four hours . "
tr	10	His fingers like blurs as they typed a million words a minute .
tr	11	Miriam twisted away from him , but Simon managed to get an arm around her and snatch the paper away .
tr	8	Once liberated , the stars made their way through the heavens to their true and proper place in the universe .
tr	7	Jacob picked up from the previous evening 's conversation .
tr	5	Neither his tone nor his expression changed the entire time .
tr	10	" I will leave as soon as I gather my things .
tr	11	He was soon joined by Raven , who had his own squirrel .
tr	7	" Alfred has told me about your implant .
tr	8	He was outside for quite a while before we found him .
tr	6	With his voice low and thick , he asked , " Are you alone ? "
tr	8	David asked , looking about the store .
tr	10	It was probably as good a time as any to set his plan in motion .
tr	6	A nervous woman behind the desk typed frantically on her computer .
tr	9	" And the other women likely have a reason for their feelings toward the princess .
tr	10	Let 's head home and try to figure it out later -- after ice cream . "
tr	9	It was just after midnight on the start of day thirteen and the hunt was on .
tr	8	Realizing his advantage , Rift thrusts his right palm outward , holding his wrist steady with his left hand .
tr	8	Yet here she was now , her feet carrying her along and a huge beaming smile on her face .
tr	6	Bishop , still holding my forearm , whipped my hand out toward her with lightning speed .
tr	7	A bead of sweat popped out of his forehead and he slurped caramel and cream .
tr	5	Even in my mind , the bitterness and pain was no longer there .
tr	5	After a long hesitation , Zook simply asked , " Please ? "
tr	11	And with that he ran off as fast as his legs could carry him .
tr	8	" Me , I am on the run from some serious trouble .
tr	9	The monarch clutched his shoulder , and the wound continued to pulsate , gushing scarlet blood onto the floor .
tr	10	" Doesn 't matter , all I need is a key like Tim said . "
tr	9	" Though some of them are not so young as that -- you look about the age of our oldest . "
tr	5	" That , by the way , is a rhetorical question . "
tr	8	He opened the now empty hatch , slid in , and it closed above him , sealing him in .
tr	7	She smoothed her skirt , and said , " Shall we begin ?
tr	7	I reach in my bag , get out my facial cleanser , and give my face a good wash .
tr	9	The gates were closed when he arrived , he got out of the Land Rover and made to open them .
tr	7	Ted 's physical condition had changed dramatically , but the most striking change in his appearance was his eyes .
tr	7	They make us all tools , she thought , to use or destroy .
tr	7	" And , I assure you , although the first bullet was rubber , all the rest are real . "
tr	8	The river and streams were high as the spring runoff had begun .
tr	7	His deep booming voice bounced off the walls and echoed between the rafters .
tr	10	It was crude , but it kept him alive until the paramedics arrived .
tr	11	It should be difficult to get lost here .
tr	5	From that moment the ' friend ' never appeared again .
tr	6	Somewhere far off a coyote howled to the moon .
tr	7	" You stopped listening - " Words failed him .
tr	8	she protested , groping at the bag unsuccessfully .
tr	5	After a brief water war , a truce was called .
tr	9	Finally , Ivan was seen by the most senior official in the town .
tr	10	When the group piled out of the car , they discovered the air outside the car was even colder than inside .
tr	8	I can still feel them around me ; still feel the touch of his lips .
tr	8	Faro 's attempt to rape her terrified her .
tr	8	Even though she was much older than he , she was extremely attractive , like an untouched doll .
tr	9	" What the hell is going on here , " he said thickly .
tr	6	" They 're nice , " I finally said lamely , and Adam gave a little shrug .
tr	11	Looking around she realised that yes she was in Asgard ... sort of .
tr	8	Her curiosity was waking her up , but it could be worth it .
tr	9	" It 's an honour to meet you , sir . "
tr	8	Some of these " valuables " were , in fact , worthless .
tr	9	" All we can do is to count on that lady . "
tr	8	Was very hot outside and Helen and me were seating in the airport .
tr	8	' I 'm coming with you , ' he grunted .
tr	5	' Yup , illegally parked , ' Calvin said .
tr	6	By spring , the patrols found almost no life out beyond the hills .
tr	11	" We need to be back on board our lander in twenty minutes . "
tr	7	The human butterflies fell back into their original solid line away from the road and on the lawn by the house .
tr	8	Sampson considered the dam , and its electricity , everyone 's right and not just that of the JP .
tr	8	" You 'll be late for dinner . "
tr	9	I hated to admit it , but the bastard was right .
tr	6	By the time she finished , he was up and pacing around the little bedroom .
tr	11	" I thought you guys said there were no guards . "
tr	10	I suppose that might be worth preserving . "
tr	9	They spent the day getting ready for departure .
tr	8	" Crap , " Lisa curses under her breath , folding her arms in front of her .
tr	7	Did you , at any point , taste the coffee in this cup ?
tr	6	' Isn 't this a Swiss email address ? '
tr	9	He muttered something and the man looked away with a smirk .
tr	7	On the other hand , if we send a messenger , there 's at least an equal chance of detection .
tr	10	She 'd been divorced for a couple of years now .
tr	7	Are we not accommodating ? "
tr	8	As far as Mason could tell , Kurt was traveling alone .
tr	11	" ' Does it bother him to talk about this ? '
tr	6	- Your wound is probably open and there are some new wounds .
tr	9	It was the same , a slight uptick in radioactive emissions , but not dangerous for humans .
tr	6	Most folks didn 't pass this way very often .
tr	9	But he had to know for sure .
tr	9	Traveling as we are is very tiring and it will creep up on you quicker than you realize .
tr	5	" My father was a geneticist .
tr	5	' Well done , you did good tonight . '
tr	7	It cleaved the man 's chin in two and took his life with it .
tr	11	She looked ravishing as his gaze was on her , covering her with his love .
tr	8	Inside , the shotgun with the four sets of barrels lay gleaming in the green felt compartments .
tr	11	He wanted to see how much longer Sneed could go .
tr	5	" Just one street , twenty feet wide , " came the reply .
tr	5	" Not that again , my Lord . "
tr	6	They 're her family , her actual parents , brothers and sisters ! "
tr	7	Freeways have a huge flaw and it 's not actually their fault ; it 's businesses fault .
tr	11	" Came out to see if you guys were okay so far .
tr	10	Suddenly it all slid off and revealed a startling truth : Welcome to Starkville , population 125 .
tr	8	Angelique slowly nodded , " I , I guess I could , but what would you wear ? "
tr	5	" That was the final straw . "
tr	5	" Ready , " Ryder and Cameron whispered back .
tr	9	Reid blinked when he saw me and slowly lowered the Glock .
tr	10	" He said that we should be there by night fall . "
tr	9	Jimmy was first to walk over .
tr	6	" The shorter one 's the cow , " Chris answered .
tr	9	The two strangers broke pace next to dented white Toyota Corolla .
tr	9	When they shine brightly that means that a small part of the priceless vital energy has returned . "
tr	10	Ben began to really worry for him and , unnoticed , the Angel pressed a hidden button .
tr	8	David said out loud , as a wave of fear and confusion spread through his body .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry , sir , but the palace is closed as of this moment .
tr	7	He said , " Not in a diesel . "
tr	11	On arrival Alan checked that it was clear and turned on some localised lighting .
tr	9	Couldn 't these educated yet foolish white men see how evil that idol was ?
tr	5	But , well , she 's not her usual peppy self . "
tr	8	" Because sitting in this bush kinda sucks . "
tr	9	Glancing to his left only serves to further confuse him , the doorway overlooking the large room filling his vision .
tr	9	Each brush of his lips against mine was turning my brain to mush .
tr	9	He wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	8	" It could have been true , but that 's not what happened . "
tr	6	I will give you a price .
tr	7	" I don 't know , it just doesn 't feel right , you know ?
tr	11	We thought you were going to die .
tr	5	' And that 's just the first level . '
tr	8	Her bosom was showing too much soft roundness for his taste , and her small waist was even more accentuated .
tr	8	Finally , near dusk , everyone was ready to depart .
tr	11	I dreaded to think what her back and buttocks were like .
tr	6	" That is , you must be tired .
tr	9	" Tola , don 't let him enter your mind , fight it ! "
tr	7	" If your pants survived that fire , who knows ? "
tr	6	" She 's still weird , " Tuck said , but grinned anyway .
tr	7	" He asked for the idol , and I gave it to him . "
tr	6	And any stay in a hospital , in this day and age , is an expensive one .
tr	7	The man seemed to understand .
tr	5	For the hundredth time , I am very , very busy today . "
tr	9	I tried to scramble to my feet , but excruciating pain caused spots to tango in front of me .
tr	7	Everything you see is made up of the pillars . "
tr	7	Zohar stood up and held the radio up to his face .
tr	6	There would be a reply tomorrow .
tr	11	Make up a list of what you need , and I 'll pick it up while I 'm in town . "
tr	11	We 're right at the crossroads of the two main streets in town .
tr	9	What he didn 't know was whether to tell her .
tr	9	" I know where it is too , remember ?
tr	10	As Mom got better at finding stashes , he got better at hiding them .
tr	7	Despite his methodical treatment of the task , the end result looked pretty haphazard .
tr	8	" I don 't spend my time among men , Professor .
tr	10	It must have still been listed in my grandfather 's name . "
tr	7	' Tell us about Germany , ' he said finally .
tr	9	You 've been traveling all day , and you said yourself you 're famished .
tr	10	Although they had called before they left , Nathan wasn 't sure what to expect .
tr	6	" Understand this , Finan . "
tr	10	I had to stop doubting him .
tr	7	" If this was an old wreck , why wasn 't the cannon brought up ? "
tr	9	You don 't have to put him away . "
tr	11	Do you know what I thought ? "
tr	7	" I see no evidence of victory on your part , fool .
tr	10	" But you would be honor bound to do so . "
tr	6	Even with my eyes closed , I sensed the television flickering and heard the windowpane rattle .
tr	9	Think back to when you were seventeen .
tr	8	" Wait until we 're all ready . "
tr	8	He didn 't speak , but then again , he didn 't have to .
tr	5	" Oh , sorry , it 's my first time . "
tr	10	He didn 't see what he could do , but he played along .
tr	6	Not what you think , not what anyone else did , just your story .
tr	9	Claire resisted the urge to check the contents .
tr	10	Without them , he would have had to open the safe the old-fashioned way .
tr	9	Gan dismounted and was immediately aware of an insistent tremor in the earth .
tr	8	Mai declares , appearing before him once again .
tr	7	She told me , being easily shocked .
tr	8	" No , I guess they didn 't , " Ted said .
tr	8	" How did you end up wearing this ? "
tr	9	" Follow me into the house and I 'll show you , " Ted said .
tr	5	" Ah , well , as the killer , that part is pretty easy .
tr	7	" And this how his schizophrenia manifests ? "
tr	7	" Sisters , two of them . "
tr	7	The blast blew the rear window in and showered us with broken glass again .
tr	5	One wrong move and you 're a dead man ! "
tr	7	The dog spun backwards , almost head over heels and crashed onto the cement floor .
tr	5	Heart attacks happen all the time . "
tr	6	He still felt heavily the blood on his hands .
tr	10	" I wan na put a hole in the major history with these dresses . "
tr	10	She loved that song , but whenever she was listening to it a small disaster happened .
tr	7	A twisted smiled curled on his lips , a victorious smile .
tr	7	" Tell me all about it ! "
tr	6	" Ah heck , it 's just that kid again , " the friendlier short pirate said .
tr	9	Iris told her to steer clear from that man .
tr	7	" I 'm fine , " said Bryony , eventually getting her mouth under control .
tr	7	Dropping onto his bed , a powerful drowsiness overwhelms his mind and muscles .
tr	10	How to handle all of this .
tr	11	I won 't be able to hold it steady . "
tr	7	Agent Keen appeared at the broken window , barely able to stand .
tr	7	" What a stunning looking woman , " thought Jennie .
tr	10	Able to change directions instantly , Ganondorf steps off a magic glyph , disappearing as quickly as it appeared .
tr	9	" There is no telling whether a similar enemy fleet is on their way here right now .
tr	7	Gabe tucks the gun back into his waistband , and his eyebrows come away .
tr	10	Gage moved forward as directed and got down on his knees .
tr	8	To his surprise , behind the cornice wall he saw two bodies lying down and losing body heat .
tr	11	I had to admit that that spaghetti was wonderful .
tr	11	He believed that the fewer people who knew the better .
tr	11	Chapter 22 Callahan wasn 't at all happy with what was going on .
tr	8	Finally , Duke said , " You want me to slap ' em ? "
tr	8	Gabe stays in the shower for a long time .
tr	11	He paused to show her the side of his gun case .
tr	8	Two weeks later she passed her four practice flights with flying colors , and it was Michael Pitt 's turn next .
tr	6	The room sang the simple harmony in a powerful prayer with Danny and Raphael .
tr	9	I leapt up and rushed to embrace him .
tr	7	The shadows moved eerily , like creeping snakes , as the rock rotated .
tr	5	" Of course , " Sandal understood perfectly .
tr	9	Connor ... Prepare to be defeated ! "
tr	5	" I shall , indeed , " Flaherty laughed .
tr	5	Sergeant Mudd 's involvement in this ? "
tr	10	" And who decides who stays and who doesn 't ? "
tr	9	Jason steps towards his daughter and looks up at her with a cocky grin .
tr	10	When it fell back to clearly reveal her , a sigh of appreciation moved through the crowd .
tr	9	I didn 't answer , but waited , not looking , with my eyes closed , and my heart shielded .
tr	8	" He knows the difference , he 's teasing me , " said Jacob .
tr	9	Cocking his head to listen , he detects a familiar presence stealthily approaching .
tr	11	I wonder if it 's too late to get a different room .
tr	8	Gavin looked back at Seamus lying on the ground .
tr	8	I didn 't hear you come in . "
tr	8	When that got no reaction , he added , " And they 're looking for you . "
tr	8	Logan suddenly flew backwards , nearly a dozen feet , collapsing a tent and landing with a heavy thud .
tr	6	" Let 's see , " Tori said and opened the envelope .
tr	7	exclaimed Hunt to nobody 's surprise .
tr	6	The sky was fair and the morning airs were crisp and cool .
tr	7	Her face filled with fear , all the way up her short forehead and over her hairline .
tr	10	He was tall and strong and was frequently chosen to lead the hunts .
tr	7	With that , the servant went back in and came back with a red star apple .
tr	10	The happiest of these men stood erect at the bow of Clem Johnson 's fishing boat .
tr	9	" Nope , deer can swim across the water when it 's calm .
tr	6	" Besides , " she continued , " I 've already read all these myself .
tr	9	In the end , fear of a spider caused her to run back to me .
tr	7	" The most important issue is : how do I look ? "
tr	7	" Probably same as you , " he said .
tr	11	I was just giving you a little extra incentive to get that privacy barrier rebuilt . "
tr	9	He wished to know why .
tr	7	A piece of paper was glued to the door .
tr	8	The cool crisp air rushed down my lungs as we descended the mountain .
tr	7	Like I said , Marcellus was taken with you .
tr	8	" You 're wrong , " Mai whispers , far from threatened by Zelda 's influence on her chosen .
tr	10	And yet , there were still things left to be done .
tr	8	It was obvious that Jennie was not a beginner .
tr	11	I brushed it aside and smiled as I said : " Tim long time !
tr	8	" How could they have plastered such temporal and spiritual beauty with this rotten paint ? "
tr	8	Two youths were just descending the stairs towards us .
tr	10	Quite often they can 't wait or just can 't be bothered . '
tr	11	He thought the president had said Medals of Freedom .
tr	9	" You 're an orphan aren 't you ? "
tr	11	There was something I needed to know .
tr	7	Donning their white robes , they climbed aboard the transports , with their guides , and off they went .
tr	9	Please , if you can find a seat , sit down . "
tr	10	" Of course , but I don 't need the keys to operate the limousine .
tr	7	" We 'll get them , " Helen said with more optimism than she felt .
tr	8	" To be fair Master Andy , he had a terrible choice to make .
tr	7	Bryony tossed the looped string at the lever , but it fell way short of its target .
tr	9	" O , my beautiful wife ... " The leg flexes , but still no sound comes from behind the screen .
tr	7	" Don 't worry , is not your fault , " she said stressful .
tr	8	" This is why I brought you here . "
tr	8	Back at Jimmy 's truck , Mark climbed into the cab , sitting in the front passenger seat .
tr	11	" Storytellers -- dreamers like you -- have told me about what lies in the Darkling Wood .
tr	6	" Nails and eyeballs are all very well , but we still want an agreed hourly rate . "
tr	10	Since their parents were both dead and they had no living relatives there would be no family to refute it .
tr	9	She looks over at Aria , her eyes becoming glassy , her mouth agape and drizzling blood .
tr	6	Polished metal , stones , and glass glittered from every direction .
tr	11	She tried to ignore the call of the yellow glow and go back to sleep .
tr	6	She balled up her fists , scrunched up her face , and made a loud , low , grunting noise .
tr	8	No idea why , his army records show he 's Catholic .
tr	8	She won 't last the rest of the day . "
tr	7	Its eerie glow was fickle , playing tricks on his eyes .
tr	7	" What do you guys see around the corner there ? "
tr	8	Byron immediately let go of her hands and took two big steps away from her .
tr	9	Rafe shook his head as if doing so would clear his mind .
tr	6	" Yeah , but you 're not very dangerous , " he said , and kissed her again , lightly .
tr	8	The lineage was traced through the mother , and not the father .
tr	9	He ' ll probably find something new to memorize and impress us with .
tr	8	" What was he doing in ... , " the stress making her Polish accent stronger .
tr	10	There would be no escape without going to ground level .
tr	9	I 'll see who is around .
tr	8	The others in the cab saw them too and Drew moved uneasily , " This is a German vehicle . "
tr	7	" Perhaps you will some time , " she said , " perhaps you will . "
tr	7	Adam speaks the truth and with that thought , the video stopped and the sky cleared .
tr	7	" Yes , they are , but it 's for their own good . "
tr	9	Suddenly , Epona bucks him off of her back , spooked by some unseen presence .
tr	8	Raising the Lady Grace had taken about an hour and a half .
tr	11	" You know , I depend on you a lot since we have moved here . "
tr	7	At the back of the house he retraced his earlier route and climbed the downspout to the third floor balcony .
tr	10	Which was doubly weird considering Jimmy normally liked everyone .
tr	8	" I told you , Dad , I just can 't talk about it , " he insisted , eyes dark .
tr	7	" You just gave this to me yesterday , " Jackson said , his voice dipping to a low whisper .
tr	7	His hands , still stuffed in the leather work gloves , felt rough against his skin .
tr	7	if we 've any left . "
tr	8	" Give her fifteen lashes before you take her ! "
tr	9	Elaina did her best to keep her eyes in her head .
tr	11	" McLeod had been planning to retire next year and he wanted to pass the company off to you . "
tr	7	He could now get some rainwater and have a drink .
tr	8	' There must be a bolt on the other side . '
tr	5	Still , no charms , no salt , no Bindings or Casts or even a cat .
tr	11	I appreciate you stopping to tell me about the school .
tr	11	I need to gather a few items before returning home . "
tr	7	" Perhaps I altered time and it was destroyed , " he said to himself .
tr	9	I have to drop them off at the barracks .
tr	9	I sat on the edge of the couch and pulled a frayed pillow into my lap .
tr	8	" But with scores a men working on it , an ' all of ' em skilled craftsmen .
tr	6	" No , I 'm not okay , you rammed the boat onto the shoreline at full throttle . "
tr	5	Yes , right , last night , Lilly Ann .
tr	7	She put the coat on and knelt back down at the trunk .
tr	7	After the last bell of the day , they all met at the bike rack .
tr	6	With satellite navigation as well as communication , the armed forces of the UAS were much more capable .
tr	5	Behind the tangled web , he set a faceted , oval crystal .
tr	10	Believe me when I say everything changes but nothing changes .
tr	8	" He knows where he 's going .
tr	6	I am here with your brother .
tr	10	It would take months to do the same thing with the commander .
tr	9	I guess William went ahead and changed his name .
tr	9	The Angel invited the boys to sit down and did so himself .
tr	6	Starting from the bottom , Chris worked his way up .
tr	8	I have to get the car .
tr	8	If this structural damage came from a nuclear weapon , we shouldn 't be advertising our exact location .
tr	8	" And Grandpa says I 'm special now .
tr	5	" Assyrians , Babylonians , Egyptians , Phoenicians , and Persians practiced human sacrifice .
tr	10	" What 's that weird looking thing you 've got ? "
tr	9	" It would easier to prove to them that you 're not a camel .
tr	8	Carefully pulling out the chain it revealed two small white gold rings dangling from it .
tr	6	Chapter 4 The rest of the school year went quickly for Missy .
tr	11	You 've got to ride Missile , Clint , ' said Sally .
tr	11	And since I like to keep things interesting ; let 's liven it up . "
tr	8	She wished she had a choice .
tr	7	" They went to all that effort but left a way out ? "
tr	10	I feel like a complete person being with you and I don 't want to lose it .
tr	7	" Let 's start from the beginning , " said Jacob .
tr	7	Just at that moment the noise went away , and they only heard a rushing wind .
tr	7	Dublin city is the capital of non British Ireland . "
tr	9	Cherie shook her head as if Claire 's words had merely confirmed her dislike .
tr	8	His overall performance at the Battle of Fulton was officially applauded .
tr	7	And you are happy with her ? "
tr	6	When my parents died , I lived alone in the same house , with the same behaviors . "
tr	8	" Boring annoyances , " he repeated , frowning slightly , his eyes intent on her face .
tr	8	Kurt complied , reclining the seat and closing his eyes .
tr	8	She then saw herself and behind her was a woman standing with a knife , aiming at her .
tr	7	The opposite wall was covered with modern weapons .
tr	11	Behind him , the doors rolled shut again , casting him into darkness .
tr	10	The Captain rose to his feet , his bald head shining even in the darkness .
tr	6	The girl liked the name , and with that , a new family was born .
tr	10	Mark looked up , first at Josie and Jimmy , noticing they were already eating .
tr	9	The fat cook smiled and bowed at least ten times before he retreated , presumably to his kitchen .
tr	11	You 're supposed to say ' no , of course not .
tr	8	Taylor reached back to squeeze his hand .
tr	6	Early on the eighth day , from a hilltop , they glimpsed hazy , green lowlands to the north .
tr	8	But with nowhere to hide , his laughter went straight from stage setting the cameramen off .
tr	6	And very quickly , heartbreakingly fast , he said , " I could live just fine out here . "
tr	8	" You think I entertain all guests this way ? "
tr	8	Suddenly what she had just said struck home .
tr	8	She heard more infectious laughing on her way out of the house .
tr	8	Constance Francine Parker will you marry me and make me your husband ? "
tr	8	" Having a moment to myself before all hell breaks loose . "
tr	10	Giant Owl was looking for a long limb or piece of wood , anything to hand down .
tr	7	What about all the money I wasted on pastries and lattes ?
tr	9	" Perhaps if you reason with them like that , it 'll change their minds , " I said laughing .
tr	9	Toby felt uncomfortable and broke out into a sweat , but tried to remain calm .
tr	11	" I guess there 's no stopping you then . "
tr	8	I do have a fondness for hermits .
tr	10	We will eventually destroy him and all those like you who support him . '
tr	5	" Oh shadows and light , that hurts . "
tr	6	I will give them hell .
tr	9	The remaining man wasted no time and began running towards the road block .
tr	5	Most horribly the monster 's silence was broken .
tr	11	Bax looked to where the boy was pointing through the window .
tr	6	" You like the bird , " Joe Jack 's remark was more a statement than a question .
tr	6	Eda turned slightly dazed eyes upon him .
tr	8	I ride up the elevator of the tallest building and step out onto the roof .
tr	10	" I think I might know the beach , " Amanda continued .
tr	9	" I know I can 't fix everything .
tr	10	† † † After weeks of marital bliss the crow master called out , " Land ahoy ! "
tr	10	Butch had rushed through this explanation in nearly one breath .
tr	9	Who ran to meet death ?
tr	8	The Faith came to be feared .
tr	8	The ship 's security people are looking for them now as we speak . "
tr	8	He laughed that funny laugh of his again and Missy laughed too .
tr	8	" And you stay out of the way so you don 't get kicked , " she said to John .
tr	10	Heaven and Hell have been at war since before your species was even conceived . "
tr	10	Austin looked to Richard who said , ' Ultimately yes .
tr	11	He screamed and backed away , trying to cast it out .
tr	11	Napoleon 's army had done something to the son I had once known .
tr	6	The soaked Japanese , the doused crowd , and the waterlogged wrestlers all cheered .
tr	8	" Victoria , Toby and I have some work to do .
tr	11	Whether I deserve to be or not .
tr	6	" I hate that word , " whispering for my eardrums , only .
tr	8	Adele stared at the large horse before her , her eyes running over its great muscular frame .
tr	7	" Why you conniving fool , " the old man bellowed emerging halfway out of one of the walls outside .
tr	9	Opposing energies collide and crackle between them , sending out shards of orange and yellow .
tr	5	" Oh , Mom , I was so scared .
tr	5	His father 's face , however , was unreadable .
tr	11	Nobody really knew where the money came from originally and nobody seemed to care .
tr	9	Now satisfied with the result , he decided to move forward towards the other two sentry points .
tr	9	" I 'm Shannon , " the amazing creature said , holding out one perfect hand towards Stalin .
tr	11	" I am going to get some things at my place and will be back soon .
tr	10	Frankie seemed to have that effect on people .
tr	8	Hence the challenge typically made less than fair by the fact that almost always his opponent suffered no such restriction .
tr	6	This admission took Adele somewhat by surprise .
tr	11	Are they going to attack us ? "
tr	10	I 'd never make a threat like that to the likes of you , Sir .
tr	7	Women and children , the too young , the too old ran for the forest and to the river .
tr	8	He stopped several feet from the edge of the water .
tr	5	Doyle felt it , too , and yelled , " Wait !
tr	7	' Are you Pierre 's friends ? '
tr	5	In fact , to the contrary , they grew closer every day .
tr	5	For a few seconds , the old man and the demon circled each other .
tr	6	" Thank you very much , Tim , " said Reggie .
tr	6	Tears flowing for Nabokov and Tolstoy .
tr	6	Children ran about , their innocent squeals a din amid the relative quiet .
tr	6	Chapter 7 It was a hot day , and consequently , a dusty day .
tr	9	" Says he just can 't pull his foot out .
tr	6	They just called me with the autopsy results . "
tr	8	I 'm glad we did .
tr	11	It was already too late to change most of the first fleet .
tr	7	" This is not like a go-cart -- " " Mom , I know , " her son interrupted impatiently .
tr	9	They were the ones who destroyed lives .
tr	8	We were bathed in complete shade , and I could barely make out the hallway .
tr	5	" Yep , everything looks good here ! "
tr	6	There was a short pause , then an empty bottle falling .
tr	11	It 's not every day that you go on a journey like this is it ? "
tr	6	" Passport in her bag . "
tr	9	Sometimes he ended up working so late that he just stayed .
tr	11	" We learned that he was looking for you -- had hired the best trackers , given them every resource available .
tr	10	Perhaps she was lucky that she didn 't know you better . "
tr	10	Ted was vaguely aware of something long , flashing through his field of vision .
tr	9	" No need to look so crestfallen , it 's hardly a sin .
tr	6	It didn 't matter -- the store-bought potatoes were just as good .
tr	7	The light and sunny city surrounded by magnificent mountains made for an extremely romantic landscape .
tr	8	Josie was seated beside him , wearing a bright sundress .
tr	8	I was already on the other side of the street , heading to a taxi .
tr	8	Destro took the sheet of paper and scanned it quickly .
tr	8	Yeah , he 's really been waiting for a long time for this so ... " Nat ? "
tr	10	Candice only smiled and said , " Those were the happiest days of my life .
tr	8	But now is not the time to argue .
tr	6	Gabe looks at his brother , grins .
tr	9	I just thought it would be easier .
tr	9	" ' Tis a pleasure to meet you , my lord . "
tr	10	The receptionist bowed politely as the two walked straight past and into Kenichi 's office .
tr	6	" In Spain , Naples , the Duchy of Warsaw , Germany , and elsewhere , these men recruited .
tr	8	His energy pulses a deep crimson , the color of dried blood .
tr	7	Missile batteries , rail gun mounts and dozens of dock doors are evenly spaced and surround the cylindrical hull .
tr	7	Elaina snuck a glance at him .
tr	8	A special overnight courier from Federal United Express came rushing into the room .
tr	7	Standing by their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself for the battle .
tr	6	I sat frozen , Godard 's words ringing in my ears .
tr	10	We 'd be better to simply hand you over to the Chinese .
tr	8	All eyes in the room shifted to the Director of the CIA .
tr	5	Still , in those two letters , in that tiny one word , my voice shook .
tr	9	Slowly backing away , they are not prepared for the ninja to attack so suddenly .
tr	11	Instantly , shock turned to rage at the thought of the assassination attempt .
tr	7	" Your cook has a way with spices . "
tr	10	He turned his gaze back to Angelique , who looking uncomfortable .
tr	10	Theodosia whirled on him , anxious to take her displeasure out on someone .
tr	11	Frank had known he would run into John sooner or later .
tr	9	Once Simon sat next to his mother on her bed , Candice placed one of her hands on his .
tr	9	I doubt the Guardian has even noticed him . "
tr	11	Electrical discharge ... no this is different , and it seemed to come from nowhere .
tr	6	The female subjects " - she cleared her throat - " that 's me , Ryland , a female subject .
tr	6	So , why did the wealthy Humans make up the Vampire and Werewolf stories ? "
tr	7	Most of them probably got caught in there . "
tr	6	One day ... me , you , your mother ... " His voice stumbled in his throat .
tr	10	That this girl he wrote of was the one they needed he did not doubt .
tr	10	" Dammit , where is she bleeding from ? "
tr	7	After half an hour , John laid Marie on the makeshift bed and kissed her gently on her cold lips .
tr	6	Like Earl , Dante wore faded blue jeans , cowboy boots , and a khaki button-down shirt .
tr	9	I started thinking about escaping .
tr	9	" We have been lucky thus far ; we have not been seen for nearly a day .
tr	9	Can I not talk you into delaying this insane idea ? "
tr	8	Other than those pieces , and a few extra chairs against the wall , the room was empty .
tr	6	I frown , shaking my curls , slapping the shovel into the dirt .
tr	5	Her mouth gaped , but no sound issued .
tr	9	These were loaned annually to St. Mary 's church for the collection of Christmas toys .
tr	7	Even so , the reversal at the bottom threw water up over the bow and soaked everybody .
tr	11	It won 't be in blue wax , but he 'll know it 's from me .
tr	7	If Mercedes was stunning , this Eva was divine , angelic .
tr	10	" When was the last encounter you had with him ? "
tr	10	No , you 'd be a moron to do so .
tr	8	" My father always loved Ireland so he gave me an Irish name . "
tr	6	Beyond us lay conveniently labeled aisles for " cooking , " " outdoors , " and " defense . "
tr	7	" Not at all Jess , " Mrs. Collins said , glanced shortly at Tori and went to the car .
tr	11	Maybe God really did send them and he 's giving us time to accept that .
tr	8	" I suppose I owe you at least that much . "
tr	8	When that is done , we will be off on our walk . "
tr	6	Barney set aside the sixth pen and raised the seventh .
tr	6	" The coffee smells strong today , " Gabriel nodded proudly .
tr	9	I apparently require some jewelry for this Ball of yours . "
tr	8	They were now a light blue , and they retained the smell of a hot iron .
tr	9	I 'm the star of many pages in this book . "
tr	7	Instead of explaining , he grabbed her on the waist and dragged her into the passage .
tr	10	" It 's of little importance Gema ... bit of a shot in the dark . "
tr	6	Leaning down , she passed her hand ever so slightly in the flowing water .
tr	5	The colored lines , Princess , they paint the skin . "
tr	9	" Now that 's what I call a party , " Taylor exclaimed .
tr	5	Lines creasing along his mouth .
tr	9	Victoria asked , feigning surprise , looking to Jacob .
tr	6	Gabe sighs -- such a long whoosh of air .
tr	10	I 'm not sure I could do it . '
tr	11	" So that 's what you were doing down there in the dark , " Miriam said .
tr	10	Still , it is interesting that Mr. Cantwell left your uncle behind in the woods . "
tr	10	" Wow , how much power does that produce ? "
tr	7	" Is it time already ? "
tr	9	Someone is pressuring you to sell the land ?
tr	7	Besides , Tomas Godard deserves to die ! '
tr	8	" We 're going to die ! "
tr	8	" Good news there Jen , I heard from Robbie .
tr	8	" It 's just not seemly , " Neil said with as much dignity as he could muster .
tr	7	I gently pulled Connie closer and drifted off .
tr	7	A bank of small , glass door compartments filled the upper half of the wall .
tr	7	They were invariably unimaginative , unintelligent and almost each had , at one time or another , been Roy 's mistress .
tr	9	She was pointing to a shop of clothes .
tr	11	Michael 's mum 's torrent of words touched both the boys ' hearts .
tr	10	" That 's a long story and nothing to do with us here and now . "
tr	11	He was already back in his cruiser , trying to recall where the nearest public bathroom was .
tr	9	Shara , delighting in companionship , leaped to nudge them both .
tr	5	A perfect textbook linear ambush , Butch noted .
tr	8	He shook Bob and Steve 's hands , barely glanced at me , and virtually devoured Melissa with his eyes .
tr	11	" I am going to take Miriam up to her dinner , " she said .
tr	8	The duo had worked together with remarkably fluid synchronisation .
tr	8	I asked her before she got in .
tr	9	Feeling a cloud descend upon my soul , I quietly retreated to the hall .
tr	9	I dropped my knife and ran to him , knocking him off his feet with kisses .
tr	9	He was contemplating what the next day would bring .
tr	10	I didn 't have a chance to look further though .
tr	6	" The cocaine and nylons were a nice touch , " TJ continued .
tr	6	In a strange but very definite way they looked much more dangerous than Special Constable Hancock .
tr	9	" Toby , stop the security system from reporting this alert , " said Jacob .
tr	8	I rolled over carefully , disturbing my earthly blanket , and crawled to my knees .
tr	7	" That 's who it was !
tr	6	Lifting his head Calvin glimpsed a woman with similar features to Katherine .
tr	6	" Steve ... " came the automated response from the poor guy on the couch .
tr	9	A deep , relaxing breath later , Link pops his knuckles before charging into the forest after him .
tr	8	' Four Hunters taxiing past would have certainly blown it over the fence .
tr	7	Bring them home and rascals will do anything ! "
tr	11	He strides to the bed where Gabe is only a mop of wavy hair atop a tangle of covers .
tr	6	At the front , instead of a horse , there stood a huge black brick with legs .
tr	7	God protect me , I know nothing of ... of ghouls , or -- " A horrible thought comes to me .
tr	9	Perhaps they had actually accomplished it ; just maybe they had driven the tainted creatures into fleeing .
tr	6	' I swear , I don 't know , ' he spluttered .
tr	11	Neo Utopia was an attempt to kill us all and Lunar was a trap .
tr	10	With his free hand , Alejo forced the girl 's face to tip backwards so he could see her .
tr	10	I said , " No honey you 're plenty peculiar enough for me . "
tr	7	Despite the crude retort , a lust for Hilda had flared up inside him .
tr	8	Though she smiled , Chris knew she was worried .
tr	8	Its hissing shifted into the croaks and buzzes of swamp vermin .
tr	10	She stretched her own mouth until it hurt and she screamed and screamed , and nothing came .
tr	8	Isaac tugged again and drew me in from the corner .
tr	8	They stood in the middle of the small paddock .
tr	8	Then I lobbed the Molotov straight into the lake of booze .
tr	7	The stranger stepped into the road , rounded the two security men , and entered the diner .
tr	10	It dodged and came at me with a strike at my shoulder ; I moved my stance and lunged forward .
tr	8	An explosion of disorienting smoke engulfs the area as the monsters collectively charge inward .
tr	7	Caesar is still alive at this time , right ?
tr	7	Another series of photos and the man climbed back out .
tr	11	Do you feel like crying ? "
tr	5	" You 're probably right , Herm . "
tr	8	A blown-up picture of her swimming taken last year , decorated the waterline .
tr	11	You might have to get involved yourself ... ... ... .
tr	10	My eyes sparkled at the buried treasure I had just discovered .
tr	11	Might as well do it now since we 've got rain in the forecast . "
tr	9	" Just because you both sit and read and talk about those history books and stuff together all the time .
tr	9	" Don 't try to find me .
tr	8	" So you got enough to eat ? "
tr	6	She strode back past the cathedral .
tr	8	Half of them will take the western range , the others the eastern . "
tr	9	" The line that divides such sides is not so clearly drawn , " he replied .
tr	8	The basement stairs groan as the brothers climb up .
tr	5	" Just a demo , please , " called the guardian wearily .
tr	9	I don 't think there even is a Bloody Mary crowd .
tr	7	" So your learning isn 't so poor as some wagging tongues say !
tr	7	He blinked his eyes a few times and waved at them .
tr	5	' So you 're the famous John Judge . '
tr	7	The sultry sound of the jazz band swept it 's way through the hotel corridors and foyer towards them .
tr	9	said Maggie , trying not to smile .
tr	9	The young woman tried to use another spell but her strength was not enough .
tr	10	" Dr. Harland , please , my associate is taking him out for a cheeseburger . "
tr	7	Lars took my hand softly and drove me to the lounge chairs , taking a seat .
tr	10	After the third attempt she located it and selected the most soothing music she could find .
tr	9	" I am now breaking the covenant we made .
tr	10	' Ze girls I chatted to agree . '
tr	11	" Do you think he 'll listen ? "
tr	7	Roll your eyes at me will you , you silly old man ?
tr	7	Despite the beauty of her surroundings , she barely saw the towering trees and tumbling streams .
tr	8	They flew around in their spaceship and encountered all kinds of different species on far away planets .
tr	9	Jennie 's taken over the investigation because of his links to the other guys . "
tr	9	Sandal and Tabor were back , having changed out of the tattered clothes from the hospital .
tr	7	Groups of tourists meander along littered sidewalks , and a few lone figures sway in and out of the shadows .
tr	11	We headed for the one that faced onto the cul-de-sac .
tr	8	She asks , stepping closer and touching his cheek .
tr	8	What she was seeing was more than just illuminated runes along the walls and floor .
tr	9	Then , I decided I would do something .
tr	9	" No doubt you 're keen to return home . "
tr	8	He thinks I 'm his . '
tr	8	Her gaze lanced through me , and I withered before it ; she was like some Valkyrie -- terrible and beautiful .
tr	8	I was silent as I digested this information .
tr	10	I know how to make some cornbread , " Melody said .
tr	5	" Ow , my neck hurts .
tr	10	' We know she had travelling plans , but she should have been back in the lab this week . '
tr	9	" Of course , I 'd be happy to help .
tr	6	" Blade , please activate the priority dampening field , " Eleanor orders stiffly .
tr	11	' Danny likes you , still not ready to take a chance on him ? '
tr	9	He removed a business card from his breast pocket and dialed the number , scratching his beard while the phone rang .
tr	9	She 's on the edge of fantasy , " Conway said .
tr	7	Not that her grandpa would wear sneakers .
tr	6	Out of the south a wind had sprung up .
tr	11	If you knew where to go and had the money you could buy anything .
tr	7	" Fine , she 's under your orders , for now " she smiled at me with an arched eyebrow .
tr	9	These regiments are made up of volunteers , but the equipment and supplies are paid for by the state . "
tr	11	What have you been up to -- like I need to ask ? '
tr	7	Then the priority would be regaining health .
tr	8	A spasm of guilt and anguish racked my body , almost paralysing in its intensity .
tr	8	Relieved , Cade began to dictate , " ' To our loyal brothers , ' not capitalized .
tr	8	She balanced a large carton box on her arms and sampled the aroma in the kitchen when she entered .
tr	10	Mia was amazed how disappointed she felt about this .
tr	8	The other three sides required a little more effort to remove the hardened clay .
tr	6	† † † A month later , another storm hit them .
tr	7	From Well of Fates all hope has fled Its waters turn from blue to red .
tr	11	And still the motionless silence dragged at the air , making it hard to breathe .
tr	9	Upon the ceiling were paintings of glorious episodes depicted by a great artist .
tr	9	" There was already a summary investigation and she 's been cleared for her next assignment . "
tr	8	But he said he was prepared !
tr	8	Just make sure you have a good man leading that advance . "
tr	6	" That was the worst part , " Theodosia said .
tr	11	" Is that supposed to be amusing ? "
tr	11	" We will make you see something painful from your past !
tr	10	The bag is a promise Linc made to George .
tr	7	After she cleaned up , Josie went back to the passenger compartment .
tr	11	" If the Khan wanted her here you should have told me beforehand , because it 's a little late now .
tr	8	" Marjorie , who is George Mudd ? "
tr	11	The student lectures , exams and , of course , parties passed in the blinking of an eye .
tr	10	But Mariposa was refreshed and preparing to make her journey .
tr	7	He 'd washed Scar clean .
tr	10	" An ' it occurs ta me that in all the excitement , we weren ' properly introduced .
tr	7	I 'm fed up with it . "
tr	7	She kept asking her mother .
tr	9	The massive scar that cut across his entire face moved with the silent words .
tr	6	' Hang on , ' he replied , ' just putting my bollocks away . '
tr	6	" One silver , " it read , " for a good time . "
tr	10	The first thing I want to do is lay down some operating principles .
tr	10	I looked up to see him fencing Logan .
tr	7	' There 're hundreds of folders .
tr	11	Those who were too far away or who refused to retreat were given up for dead as the gates closed .
tr	9	If a man can succeed by his own drive and talent , his bloodline doesn 't matter to King Martin .
tr	7	As she gathered her thoughts she had a renewed sense of danger .
tr	9	Elaina couldn 't hold her head up to watch , but she could still hear the cool reply .
tr	5	" In fact , I ride better . "
tr	11	We climbed through the gap and stepped quietly inside the building , standing still while our eyes adjusted to the darkness .
tr	9	I can 't wait to read it . "
tr	11	" I do miss having a family though , and think myself young enough to still have children .
tr	7	The poor chap even smiled to himself at this thought but immediately covered his mouth with his hand .
tr	6	He gave the kid a big grin , but it was not a humorous one .
tr	10	" Gabe of all trades , " he whispers , hat turned forward and pulled low over his face .
tr	6	I zipped opened my backpack and reached inside .
tr	7	If we miss him , we might never have another chance .
tr	5	" Of course not , " he snaps back .
tr	9	It was an interesting observation to say the least .
tr	8	If another car came toward them there was nowhere to go but backwards .
tr	8	What an odd , endearing habit , lost now in her love affair with her Kindle .
tr	9	By the time David stopped the car in front of the little cottage , Sarah was tired and her back ached .
tr	5	" Yes , maybe nine or even ten , " he replied .
tr	7	" Hit might not be the right word , " Leah said dryly .
tr	10	His bribes meant nothing to me after all we 'd suffered .
tr	6	" You ... you were always a well-meaning young man . "
tr	11	Thankfully the butler was probably better at serving pastries than shooting a gun .
tr	10	* * * In her newly rented office Linda only half recognised the caller .
tr	7	" Why don 't I pick you up in the morning then ? "
tr	8	" But he 'd just helped Yin defeat the Elder Family Wolves . "
tr	8	The zombie slammed into the vehicle 's door , driving Melody back against the door frame .
tr	5	Lilly Ann and Taylor mounted the front seats .
tr	6	" Shh , " Kevin said , " I hear laughing . "
tr	9	Don 't bother him in the lab unless it 's important .
tr	9	It wasn 't a frantic flurry of shots , but rather a slow and deliberate string .
tr	10	He was invincible , a whirlwind of pure death , a tool of absolute and complete annihilation .
tr	9	I 'm not like that Stygian you knifed , and you know it . "
tr	6	" One bit of good news , " he continued .
tr	9	he pulled a page from his folder and slid it in front of Jack .
tr	8	After a long moment , she brushed the tresses from Mercedes ' face and turned back to us .
tr	10	The only other possibility was that Stefano had given him away .
tr	7	As recognition of his actions , the military promoted Tork from Junior Commander to full Commander .
tr	10	replied Boris without displaying a hint of emotions .
tr	7	The stone man 's gaping wound begin to fill .
tr	9	Don 't try and get out of losing .
tr	7	We said our goodbyes and left the building through the back door .
tr	9	' Hi Boss , care to join us ' , Teddy chirped .
tr	5	Part I Chapter One New Kid My name is Ethan Chase .
tr	10	He 'd secretly been looking forward to the wedding for months .
tr	7	The Red Flag astronomer gave a disapproving shake of his head .
tr	10	" It 's good to see you , " she said .
tr	10	She waited if her words had any impact on Taylor at all .
tr	8	Zoe had begun crying and Harry , with some lingering reservation , put his hand on her shoulder . "
tr	7	He was " bringing everybody down , " they had said .
tr	11	It was just one of Mr. Clancy 's peculiarities he would discover throughout the night .
tr	10	It seemed to make the thing come alive .
tr	8	Now she had the opportunity to return .
tr	11	" I feel like I 'm on the surface of the sun . "
tr	8	' I 've got the results of your latest tests . '
tr	5	Seconds later , Victor entered the lower arena .
tr	10	Avery nodded in agreement , " I have significant gold , how much a head ? "
tr	8	Gliding over the uneven slope , Harry twisted his body as a break when they picked up speed .
tr	7	I went back to the house , waited around for another hour , and then left , calling it a day .
tr	11	The mountains lay ahead and the hills to the south were too shallow to afford them any real cover .
tr	8	He swallowed down the last of his sandwich and wiped his mouth with his sleeve .
tr	9	If she kept moving , she would win , and they would lose .
tr	6	The parking lot and some power lines would be damaged .
tr	11	It 's a letter purported to be from Tricia .
tr	8	The thought surprised him but as it took hold , it gave him strength and purpose .
tr	7	I threw down my canisters and gas mask into the snow and raised my knife .
tr	11	It is one particular specialist who draws Zelda 's presence this particular morning .
tr	5	Probably not as a date or - " " Why are you here ? "
tr	7	" It 's a might chilly this morning , even for a Tennessean , I reckon , " Crockett said pleasantly .
tr	6	The Evil One threw himself at Jesus from all sides drawing blood .
tr	5	Did I actually just kiss Noah ?
tr	7	Not physically of course , it 'd take several strong men and a healthy ox for that . "
tr	8	I hid behind the door and as he snuck inside I caught him off guard and completely soaked him .
tr	8	Gardens and small groves dotted the space , and everything was circled by a tall metal fence .
tr	10	She sat there , staring at the screen , feeling as though she had no body .
tr	11	It screamed , bucking wildly , sending meat flying in all directions .
tr	6	Hen nights , stag dos , that kind of - ' ' You send them out . '
tr	8	Now Little Spirit set up their equipment with respect to its heritage despite its modest hundred and fifty capacity .
tr	6	Where was his new lover anyway ?
tr	9	Do you have objections ? "
tr	7	He was also the oldest by a year and the thinker .
tr	8	Though he turned his back on her on Death Mountain , the Goddess has refused to relent .
tr	8	There were a whole lot of them too , so it went on for a while .
tr	8	Everything else you can keep , " he said smiling at him .
tr	7	Each counting towards an agreed-upon number , we would rush them together .
tr	9	What had started out slow and gentle ended up rough but a good rough .
tr	10	Harry must have sensed that his answer was not sufficient .
tr	5	" We make a fine pair , hmm ? "
tr	9	" I don 't think you had a dream .
tr	5	" No more arguing , " the guards ' sergeant was saying .
tr	7	Damian still loves me , he wears me in his soul all the time . "
tr	9	Byron took a deep breath and then continued as if he hadn 't noticed .
tr	6	Shiela - " Eamonn , I ... Eamonn - " Shiela , I ... Eamonn - " Go ahead .
tr	6	Obviously , he hadn 't made it .
tr	8	Farther along the path , a low waterfall gurgled along the edge of the road , running over mossy boulders .
tr	11	It was very hard to know the whereabouts of the trains .
tr	10	I knew I had to protest .
tr	10	A light seemed to be emanating from his hand .
tr	7	Simple and sweet and likely suicidal , but it was the best she could come up with .
tr	9	" Surely you can see this was no accident ? "
tr	11	Realizing what she intends to do , Rift presses his knees to his chest as Mai intercepts his descent .
tr	11	She was all I wanted to see .
tr	10	Her stomach churned , complicated by the wild motion of the delivery truck .
tr	11	Together we devised the plan , giving it as a suggestion to the Falcon to get more money in the coffers .
tr	7	The Secretary of Defense and several other staffers were on the phone .
tr	10	Why would I run , knowing all of this ? "
tr	11	" Are you sure you want to see ? "
tr	9	Tommy turned the coin over in his hand and held it up closer to his eyes .
tr	10	She suggested , rolling carefully over to one side of the cot .
tr	9	I asked wanting to clarify .
tr	7	" Jason , we don 't have a choice , " Aria says stiffly .
tr	5	" All right , people , bells and whistles on this one .
tr	7	" Your people are still working on my claws , teeth and tail . "
tr	11	I felt as if I 'd been turned to ice .
tr	8	Before Andy could say goodbye he was gone .
tr	9	Her body was extended over the hole before she could stop .
tr	5	" No , " Jim said , " Not really . "
tr	8	When he made it to the gates , Elaina could see five men standing there .
tr	7	" Seeker , " the Prince began briskly , " I will need pen and paper immediately .
tr	9	No-one questioned the decision or demanded the unit be vacated , so I 'd not raised the issue .
tr	11	I leaned into him for another kiss , not wanting to admit my feelings or forgive .
tr	8	There was also a patch of strawberries , kiwis , and other fruits .
tr	10	" But it 's my job to think from every angle .
tr	6	Jace smiled wryly , " sheer and utter stubbornness my friend , learn well from our mistakes . "
tr	7	Are you a Christian ? "
tr	11	He would watch as she woke , finally free of the disease .
tr	10	" Are you playing hard to get ? "
tr	6	" We didn 't fight , " he says , " and we didn 't die . "
tr	10	" That 's enough to feed forty people or the fat one from Wilson Phillips . "
tr	11	An ancient incantation is murmured in her mind , summoning a whirlwind of light , engulfing her form entirely .
tr	10	Dagger isolates and rewinds the suspect transmission he was recording and plays it back .
tr	9	Rick had finally told her about him when she turned fourteen .
tr	6	He glanced at the badge , then the face .
tr	11	Who knows what has happened to the port ?
tr	8	" Is there anything important in your trunk ? "
tr	10	I felt rage consume me and my suit 's engine allowed me to tap into my own Logos .
tr	8	Honey , what 's wrong , are you ok ? "
tr	8	After her arms wrapped around him , Rift 's perception blurred significantly .
tr	9	" You are going to aid Finn ? "
tr	10	" Oh , I 'm going to do this the old fashioned way .
tr	9	There was a many days growth of beard on his face .
tr	6	Roman is still alive , if somewhat frail . '
tr	7	" Do you realize how crazy you sound ?
tr	7	You have the right , but I am warning you .
tr	7	' I 'm starving ... ' ' Me ' n ' all , ' said Meatball .
tr	8	Mia used to read aloud .
tr	8	He shakes himself like a huge dog , flinging sand in all direction .
tr	9	" We can 't have these mutants spreading their sickness throughout our society . "
tr	11	How you 're going to do it .
tr	8	" I guess they think so .
tr	10	There they decided where the liberated would spend their first night in the village .
tr	10	" Well , first of all , " began Nathan , " you may not be looking for someone .
tr	11	I did not have much to return to anyway .
tr	6	They both turn to me .
tr	11	The woman 's transmission started with one of them trying to kill her .
tr	11	Flaherty saw that First Sergeant King 's DEMON began to surge forward , gaining speed .
tr	6	Only a small bench with black padding decorated the room .
tr	11	" Do I need to repeat myself ? "
tr	6	Rafe thought for a few moments .
tr	8	He applied one loud kiss to the side of her head .
tr	11	Moving out into the hall , he found that his men had made quick work of the opposing force .
tr	9	Good night , " she said and pretended to hang up .
tr	5	In the ensuing silence , a snoring became evident .
tr	8	As Logan and Jimmy spilled from their tents , the stranger began drinking water from another bottle .
tr	8	If my new friend had done anything , he 'd made me think .
tr	10	Once Camden and Trinity had touched the Pool of Tears the forest had seen their worth .
tr	8	good , let 's get out of here . "
tr	9	Guess we 're up scaling . "
tr	9	He deserved to be deceived , and her conscience would be clear .
tr	5	" Bye , Mrs. Williamson , " I replied and walked out the room .
tr	8	His fingers curled a little tighter around the coyote 's neck as he heard her growl increase .
tr	8	" My lady , you are the most talented dancer I have ever had the pleasure to meet . "
tr	9	" There was no time to wake him . "
tr	6	At this , Teresa looked confused , but she inquired nothing further .
tr	8	It looked as repulsive as I remembered , and even from a distance , I could smell its lingering stench .
tr	9	They will be , in essence , perfect . "
tr	9	" Sorry , I didn 't mean to disturb you .
tr	7	The message , while vague , would trigger an immediate lockdown at the embassy .
tr	10	" Oskar was supposed to bring the news , but he fell from his horse just as he was leaving .
tr	11	I hid my face and got busy cleaning up the rest of the games .
tr	5	In the adjacent utility room , the oval hatch opened more easily this time .
tr	8	" Gus , what is that ? "
tr	8	He made it look effortless .
tr	7	He held them out to her and , after a moment 's hesitation , Claire took them .
tr	6	" Mistresses , disappear " George ordered and to my utter amazement they did .
tr	6	" I know a lot , " I shouted .
tr	7	This leaves us only two options : take it from him , or die trying . "
tr	9	She had black curls escaping from a grey ribbon , and large , black eyes .
tr	6	Rapidly his four hands and twenty metal fingers dance across the holographic keys and dials .
tr	8	" Because , if you don 't I 'll shoot you , " Hosni replied with a small shrug .
tr	11	No trooper ever gets to Hell Ere he 's emptied his canteen .
tr	9	" Come out , come out , wherever you are , " Macro said .
tr	11	Do you know what that is ? "
tr	7	Away from the crowds and the jabbing feet .
tr	6	In the stories , the knights triumphed , but in the histories it was the dragons .
tr	6	' Do not fear , brother , ' he said , ' More than likely our parents still live .
tr	6	" They 're in good hands now Sid .
tr	9	You got to dance with her .
tr	5	Now , the young Lloyd Thornton cut a dashing figure .
tr	7	Even here , on the other side of the world , I can 't get it right .
tr	11	' We can 't go without seeing it lift off .
tr	9	I pleased myself just to hear and see her .
tr	9	They would drive at least an hour west and then camp out in some field if needed .
tr	9	But the best part is that none of them ever will .
tr	7	The cold reality of prison bars , orange jumpsuits , and stale bread crusts sank into my bones .
tr	5	Except that a phantom , Valkyries , and vampires populated the portrait .
tr	11	Serge hung up without giving Anya a chance to respond .
tr	11	" Certainly is ... just over the border , one of the jumping off spots for the Beacons . "
tr	9	Sarah tried to put herself between David and Finn .
tr	6	" I mean it ; keep sharp .
tr	10	He tilted his head to consider the eye , and it hit him .
tr	8	Angry chanting wafted up from the street outside as protestors marched by .
tr	7	Rain lashed his face from an overcast sky , the night lit only by torches and watch fires from below .
tr	7	" Maybe you are all right , " said the Pastor , smiling at Frank .
tr	6	Just past the amphitheatre they angled to the left , off the main road .
tr	5	" She 's a famous musician . "
tr	7	Something thin and biting dug into her flesh , pricking her hands .
tr	9	Mai unexpectedly shouts the moment the boy 's feet find the wooden rafters .
tr	6	" With Prince Lance 's metamorphosis I need a new second at my side . "
tr	5	Even his dreadlocks , threadbare hemp sneakers , and oversized tie-dyed shirt were suddenly endearing .
tr	9	" That classified location I was talking about . "
tr	8	The locals were anything but friendly to bounty hunters mostly because we usually never had any cash .
tr	7	He looked at his watch , it was incredible , but it was only midnight .
tr	9	We turned at the sound , glimpsing Di Luca trudging forward .
tr	7	Grey puffs released into the dark night air , away from the cabins .
tr	8	They didn 't have anything grown , " Gabe says .
tr	10	He didn 't know why , but something was telling him to go closer .
tr	8	Drake remained still , sitting on the chair .
tr	7	Victoria looked back at him , faking astonishment .
tr	9	" I wonder where it came from , " he sarcastically retorts , following her each time she lands safely .
tr	5	' Ten , ' the German Bastian Hunter replied steadily .
tr	6	" Traffic , high hotel costs , obligatory family visit ... " " Sharon 's not so bad .
tr	8	" Normally I like that in a man , " he continues .
tr	10	Nor did the fallen find death in the way one expects or hopes .
tr	7	" I can only guide you , you must make your own choices .
tr	11	His glance at her bosom irritated Roberto but he could not fault the man .
tr	6	He felt base and unclean and yet still in need , still in love .
tr	8	It 's less than a mile from our house ... well , the path is at least . "
tr	6	As their eyes met , Julie saw her friend offering apologies with her eyes .
tr	10	There is no one here I care about , no one in the world who truly cares about me .
tr	10	After that , you see mostly octagonal pegs in ship construction . "
tr	11	The air is hot and heavy enough to mix with a wooden spoon .
tr	9	Twenty-seven The next afternoon , I sipped my latte , letting the creamy hot liquid calm my nerves .
tr	6	In the grate , a large fire blazes and throws shadows wildly across the room .
tr	8	He smiled again then took a step back .
tr	7	He handed them over , the polished buttons of his coat sparkling .
tr	5	" Who is he though ? "
tr	10	We need to be prepared for anything .
tr	8	Once he was at the far outside wall , Raymond put his head close to the wall , listening .
tr	10	The look on the captain 's face revealed there was only one correct answer to that question .
tr	10	" I 'm gon na kill ' em , " Dave growled .
tr	7	One of John 's dogs lay dead in her path .
tr	8	Neil thundered without turning his head .
tr	7	It had been three months , and it still hurt .
tr	10	The place was going faster than he had anticipated .
tr	7	He was probably faking it all anyway .
tr	7	Some he had known well , some he only recognized the family name .
tr	7	Something rustled behind him and Sami snapped back to reality .
tr	7	cried a familiar voice of a woman through the masses .
tr	9	It 's time to move , he thought .
tr	9	He was determined that they enjoy this impromptu hunt .
tr	6	Now , instead of just one missing Spade , we have two . "
tr	11	Then something stirred within , an emotion he had not felt to this point .
tr	10	It was an impressive move which demonstrated the spring in her legs .
tr	6	His rockets , submarines , bombers and even the highly trained " Big Byte Escort Brigade " had all been decimated .
tr	6	Not even a second later she heard a ping from the nightstand next to her .
tr	10	Maybe it had nothing to do with Melissa .
tr	9	His mood changed drastically in a short amount of time : aggression , shock , and now anger .
tr	10	This novel went through numerous re-writes and revisions in order to improve the story and the final product .
tr	10	He noticed she had stopped walking .
tr	10	If you could term it credit .
tr	7	What was there for her once they arrived ?
tr	11	It was my good fortune in the first battle that I caught it unaware of my presence .
tr	6	The first time , he brought fresh eggs back with him .
tr	5	" ' Tis alright now . "
tr	5	" No light , no dark , no heat , no cold , no gas , no vacuum .
tr	10	I kept waiting to feel something .
tr	9	I strained to make it happen .
tr	11	So the peasant farmers needed to keep the enemy at bay until the relief detachment could arrive .
tr	9	A couple weeks ago we were struggling , and now ... " He raised his chin and sniffed the air .
tr	6	" Oh yes , " Jack said , " Here 's the artifact .
tr	10	* * * * * For twenty years now , our nation has fought itself and fought others .
tr	9	" Oh , yeah , that 's what I was thinking too . "
tr	5	" Well ... maybe she does , " I said .
tr	8	If he wanted something , he had to provide it himself .
tr	7	" Quite right , but that 's none of our business .
tr	10	After a few minutes she came out and ran to Anubis House screaming from excitement .
tr	9	Then it began to soak into the stone .
tr	8	As he walked up , content and relaxed , Elaina peered into the night behind him .
tr	5	" That wasn 't even funny the first time , Charlie . "
tr	8	A content smile was spread under his mask , and his cheeks were moist with sweat .
tr	10	" It is a pleasure to meet you Colonel Taylor .
tr	5	" Me either , " Alex agreed .
tr	9	" I 'll get you a room at the Green Dragon Sir ... .
tr	7	I made myself a soothing hot drink and walked out of the cooking compartment .
tr	9	" You are funny when you become nervous . "
tr	11	the Healer begged in a fit of sympathy expected of her kind .
tr	5	After a few moments , he takes a deep breath .
tr	11	They were too tired and weary of the things that just happened for that certain time .
tr	5	" Yeah Loki , there 's a great role model . "
tr	9	I promise you on God and all your false principles that nothing will save you ! "
tr	11	He didn 't want to see more hurt on Elaina 's gaunt face .
tr	6	He lost a family , a country , a people , and a future .
tr	8	Pausing in their stroll , they leaned on it to rest a while .
tr	10	And that 's all there is to it .
tr	9	Back in the train Ben made himself more comfortable and tried to fall asleep .
tr	8	" He was exposed to space , " the nurse sobs , bringing her shaking fingers to her mouth .
tr	10	You have placed us all in danger and I cannot let it pass without punishment . "
tr	9	Was she married , had she been tattooed as was required ?
tr	8	Whatever perils lay ahead of them , their foes would be women .
tr	7	His black jacket , set apart from his guards ' by gilded stitching , lay forgotten at his feet .
tr	7	Held in steel grips , the pirates could not fight back .
tr	6	" Uh , hey Boss , we got some intruders outside . "
tr	9	The commander looks over at a sparking smoking console bolted slightly askew against a half open panel .
tr	9	Surprisingly , he didn 't have to find out .
tr	9	The Commander sat at the head of the table , Jen , David and George down one side .
tr	10	We had already crossed several corridors and passed more than a dozen side passages , all devoid of signs of life .
tr	11	There were creatures feasting over some prey they have hunted .
tr	6	The man 's ample face instantly spread into a grin .
tr	7	" You 're in Arizona , " Josie said .
tr	10	We can take what we need from the land .
tr	6	Like her Christmas lights did , every night , all year long , the sight of her wolf made her smile .
tr	8	Abby smiled to me while the bus left the station .
tr	8	He did not smile , or nod , and only laid his powerful gaze upon her once , but she understood .
tr	7	Still , he never asked us questions .
tr	11	" All we want to know is who did you call after my friend and I left ? "
tr	7	Chapter 6 -- Beyond Incredible Mr. Long returned home from his three-week trip to Ireland a day early .
tr	10	They are responsible for releasing the creatures into Aria .
tr	7	Chapter 10 -- The Right Time Ethan Schweitzer had always enjoyed intelligence work .
tr	5	" Come on , Seamus , " she called .
tr	8	The rest of the hangars are off limits for another few weeks . "
tr	11	You 'll have to let this go by , Pastor . "
tr	9	David 's shot hit both the man sitting at the table and the scrawny woman in his lap .
tr	6	Alex quickly chose it from the menu .
tr	7	I seized the ninja 's leg and threw him off me , then jumped to my feet .
tr	7	I have from my mother .
tr	9	An insanity that had decided it wanted Elaina dead and would try again when he escaped .
tr	5	" Well , at least I think so ! "
tr	7	" I don 't get it , " Rick said .
tr	8	" This one 's all I need . "
tr	7	The detective pulled out a notebook and flipped it open .
tr	10	She picked up on the idea but wanted to get away from the mud .
tr	7	If our compatriots follow , we are going ahead to the east . "
tr	7	And , what 's more , I proved it all in four dimensions .
tr	8	The little dog trembles just as Ryan trembled earlier this night .
tr	10	I 'm not suggesting we split up , I am suggesting some changes ... ... providing you agree ... . .
tr	9	" Where you think you 're going ? "
tr	6	On the other side of the mug was a scuffed and tattered " clearance " price tag .
tr	7	At the end , she stopped and looked at Mana for praise .
tr	7	They have dozens of them . "
tr	9	Elaina rose from beside the heap of broken and rotting crates to follow him .
tr	8	They must have been scavenged off the Defenders .
tr	7	Using the man 's momentum , he swung the bat down through the man 's legs .
tr	10	Thank-you for taking care of me . "
tr	7	It was another four hours before the fever started .
tr	5	Suddenly , a bright light consumed the generator and burst forth .
tr	11	Not that he could accurately remember that which he had said .
tr	9	That 's the reason I 'm calling .
tr	5	" That 's not true . "
tr	10	I knew the vehicle could sit six , so I doubted they were crammed .
tr	8	Andy recognized the voice and his heart sank .
tr	8	He shook his head , surprised at his own thoughts .
tr	7	Taylor stared at Edie May with his mouth and eyes wide open .
tr	6	Josh recited his address , his hands buried deep in his pockets .
tr	9	The blade lunged towards the throat of my attacker but froze , waiting .
tr	9	" There hasn 't been a moment of peace for these gentlemen , I tell you !
tr	6	" Your wish is my command master , but where are we going ? "
tr	7	" Relax , only a professional can resist with them . "
tr	5	she quickly agreed and trotted off upstairs .
tr	6	" Good question , and the answer is ' no ' and ' yes ' .
tr	9	From the other car , he heard the hum of an electric window rolling down .
tr	10	He could hear them inside his head , like they were in the same room .
tr	8	Her pinafore was pulled over her head , her dress unbuttoned , and her shoes and stockings were pulled off .
tr	10	Riki sat cross-legged on the floor in front of him .
tr	9	Always worrying , always asking question - that was his sister for you thought Camden .
tr	10	Tell me when you can see the baby 's head . "
tr	7	I thumbed back over the pages and paused seconds later .
tr	7	" So your name is Sylvia ... " " I would not repeat it so easily again .
tr	9	I had to keep moving .
tr	8	Only one thing could leave that kind of signature .
tr	11	I can tell , after so many hits , plus that you smash your head on the parking border .
tr	7	You 're cute and I acted out of character but we 're just talking . '
tr	11	' I 'm about to do beans on toast , you fancy ? '
tr	8	" We might save the planet from aliens , but we would end up a failed state .
tr	8	There was an uncomfortable silence while the commanding officer pondered my sudden revelation .
tr	8	We tuned into the power of the universe with harmony and peace , not hatred or malice .
tr	6	Through his missionary activities and writings he eventually transformed religious belief and philosophy around the Mediterranean Basin .
tr	7	I 'm sorry about the Eiffel .
tr	9	Zombies can remain completely inactive for incredible periods of time .
tr	11	Kelly leaned forward as he spoke , opening a file folder on the coffee table .
tr	11	Never mind getting anything done without free WiFi and a permanent phone signal .
tr	8	Zoe went to check Laura .
tr	7	Your homeland my friends , has been officially invaded . "
tr	8	, simple things , you know , boil it down on your own to ' This or that ? '
tr	8	She could hear a lot of noise in the background .
tr	10	" Do you need it checked ? "
tr	9	High King Sven has not lowered it since the beginning of his reign .
tr	7	" Let 's go right now , " I yelled to them and jumped first into the tunnel .
tr	8	Boys were always raised by their uncle , and not by their father .
tr	6	I don 't know , he seemed a little dire about the whole thing . "
tr	10	Staring straight ahead , he 'd apparently resigned himself to whatever his fate would be .
tr	11	The old timers said it reminded them of the winter of forty seven .
tr	7	' We got our hands on the vaccine , ' said Victor .
tr	6	But even so , the stillness of the thin mountain air gave me anticipatory goose bumps .
tr	7	" Good job catching Zulu Alpha One 's approach , Mike . "
tr	5	Well , why are you there ?
tr	9	" Duke , " she said and looked at the man in front of her .
tr	9	Where O where am I ?
tr	8	At commercial the nightclub is literally printing money but there 's a catch ; it 's the end of the line .
tr	6	" Is this the first time you 've seen a healing ? "
tr	10	Jace wanted to look at it some more .
tr	10	The captain 's silence lingered for what seemed like forever .
tr	9	I need to get him away from the battle !
tr	6	Without limits , without conditions , and with every glorious expectation that my life is by your side . "
tr	7	She laid a hand on his cheek , the action solemn and caring .
tr	8	Oh , for a captive to flay alive !
tr	5	" You too , Mrs. G. " Adair gives my mother a jaunty wave .
tr	11	I needed to sweep the whole house and be smart about this .
tr	9	He was peering over her shoulder staring awestruck at the window .
tr	8	' My team of archaeologists found a cave in Egypt , in the mountains of the Eastern Desert .
tr	6	A scant six weeks past her eleventh birthday , she could outmaneuver all but the greatest masters .
tr	10	I suspect I will see the first action at Stockwell .
tr	9	" My dear , " he said , and began paddling toward her .
tr	7	" Don 't do that , " " Do what ? "
tr	8	Guess I 'm a liar too .
tr	8	Cisco held him in and out of respect for his father , he walked away .
tr	9	I felt the rope give out and my body braced for impact .
tr	9	Claire settled deeper into the sofa and listened to Kim 's tales of her life treading the boards .
tr	5	" You just made that up ! "
tr	8	Sky might have need of you .
tr	9	What makes you say that ?
tr	11	Her thoughts took her on a meandering path that led through uncomfortable recollections and images .
tr	6	" No longer will I call you a boy . "
tr	7	When they arrived the Wise Men greeted the Christ and his holy family and gave the baby Jesus many wonderful gifts .
tr	7	" We have treated you perfectly well , " Kenna said in a cold tone .
tr	11	" The trees are all larger caliper than specified but I 'm hardly inclined to complain about that . "
tr	6	I follow him to the door and stop .
tr	5	" An increasingly common one , unfortunately , " Cyril said soberly .
tr	9	" You seemed to have a hard time , child . "
tr	10	The light was fading fast and she needed to be mounted and on her way .
tr	5	" No , in fact , it 's my feather . "
tr	6	Not Ashwin 's first , doubtfully his last , but certainly his most dire .
tr	8	A shiver ran through the core of my body .
tr	9	There was no need to kill them .
tr	6	" Stephanie Belladonna Butterfly , " snapped back the obviously angry caterpillar .
tr	5	Eight , nine , ten , eleven , twelve .
tr	7	For a few seconds , I stood with my arm above my head , umbrella poised , listening .
tr	7	" Well , if my father is correct , we should be seeing another assassination attempt soon .
tr	6	A dark and stagnant pool bubbles below him in the volcanic heat , as thunder and lightning illuminate the foreboding sky .
tr	8	They 're out here by themselves , on the fringe , no one will believe them if they tell .
tr	5	Franco 's stallion stood nearby grazing .
tr	7	They carried far more grenades than the Colonel as well .
tr	11	Do you have any particular persons in mind ? "
tr	9	Tommy asked , now with his back to them taking aim at the cans down range .
tr	9	For the second time since I knew him he kissed me .
tr	11	I made myself rum to face him .
tr	7	* Chapter 14 As she headed back home , Beth twirled the large key round and round in her fingers .
tr	5	The new radios were nothing but trouble .
tr	6	" Oh , yeah , one of the kids gave it to me as a gift . "
tr	8	" The branches must have broken his fall , " the older one , Joe Jack , replied .
tr	8	A rough hand shook me then , my thoughts shattering like a humbled truth .
tr	7	When approached you noticed a simple elegance in God 's plan for her .
tr	7	They didn 't even know her name , only ever called her " the girl " .
tr	9	He will fight me and when he does , it will be the end of him ! "
tr	6	" All right , you heard , " he said to the suddenly animated room at large .
tr	5	There 's still time ! "
tr	9	Scott took the wallet and noticed it was well worn .
tr	8	Reid nodded , his lips tightening in a grim smile .
tr	6	" Early twenties , very pretty , brown hair , " he says , perked up now .
tr	7	" Lars , I think everybody has a dark side . "
tr	6	Boots , bare feet , mosquito juice , it doesn 't matter .
tr	7	Reaching into some nearby bushes , he pulled out a long , narrow bag -- a rifle bag .
tr	10	I knew because that was what I felt .
tr	11	Iris took off behind him as Hagan approached where they had stopped .
tr	11	VIN had been floating in space for nearly twenty-four hours now and was getting used to it .
tr	6	The stranger regarded Kendall with an eerie calmness .
tr	7	The doctor and her assistant had lowered Jimmy 's body into the water .
tr	5	But with Mia and Casey here , the house seemed alive , somehow .
tr	10	" I think we can clear the top , " Scott said .
tr	11	That now he has a personal vendetta against the two of you ?
tr	8	She was my first friend in France , and I didn 't get nearly enough time with her .
tr	8	The cardiac monitor continued to report its menacing tone -- flat line .
tr	9	It also might explain how your rifle got hit . "
tr	6	" Your friends and your mother like it here , Harmonia , " he pointed out needlessly .
tr	9	His breath caught and he forced himself to stop and re-read it carefully .
tr	7	Outside , we heard muted conversation ; others were planning their strategy as well .
tr	6	" There 're so many , " he muttered to himself .
tr	9	" Yep , the only thing he can say is ' Steve ' . "
tr	8	She touched the thick gold with the tips of her fingers .
tr	9	You just can 't prepare yourself for a kick in the balls .
tr	7	Without further delay , I dug my hands into the wooden door and surprisingly it wasn 't painful .
tr	8	" We 'll lead them up to the higher pass , cross the bridge , and cut the restraints .
tr	11	He stopped when he saw what was waiting .
tr	5	" Women talk , my lord , and everyone loves a legend .
tr	8	Reid shifted uneasily in his seat and placed his hand carefully on his leg , inches from the Glock .
tr	6	* * * School started the next week and the mask went back on .
tr	5	But to the reaper man , all stalks start off as ... just stalks .
tr	8	Cries of horror and wordless yells of rage arose from our side .
tr	7	Wendy was dreading the four day trek back to the truck .
tr	8	" Sorry , " she adds , before closing the speakers .
tr	6	" Hey pretty lady , I will help , " a voice behind a light drawled .
tr	8	Anything that hears us will not be human . "
tr	11	I don 't know what to do with you .
tr	7	Escape here , go to Jolie 's and rescue Aimee and Marie .
tr	7	Warrior looks up at it , jumps and wings her way up through the portal .
tr	5	After yesterday , my heart rate and my stress level dropped dramatically .
tr	6	" Thank you , " I replied " I am Tola . "
tr	10	You saw how possessive he is .
tr	10	She took a deep , steadying breath to help her forge ahead .
tr	7	" Hang on , Robbie , there 's a car coming ... ... Suburban ... .
tr	7	Once she had her breath back , Sarah stood up , brushed the leaves off her tunic and turned to Leif .
tr	9	' They 've cleared the labs , ' I said with a frown when we paused before it .
tr	10	# Harry 's eyes popped open when he heard Zoe yell .
tr	9	Fire began to swell in its throat .
tr	7	They were , perhaps , forty strong , dressed in chainmail and bearing heavy spears .
tr	8	The door of Gerry Small 's apartment in Woolwich had been burst open by a search squad .
tr	5	" Please sit down . "
tr	10	" If you want to know something , why you just don 't ask the source ? "
tr	7	" This isn 't done yet , is it ? "
tr	11	But she was smiling and I could tell she was joking around .
tr	7	' Do you have names ? '
tr	9	It was time to change barrels .
tr	9	The grip on his blades loosened as his strength left him , sapped by the newcomers attack .
tr	8	Almost as if he knew something the others didn 't .
tr	9	Within seconds , he had an amazing image of the heart of New York .
tr	7	" Clear enough , " he said and mounted the dragon with a swift motion .
tr	6	Had they been whispering too loudly ?
tr	6	Tell me about my mom .
tr	6	She sat up , stretched and then winced .
tr	5	" Hi , guys , " Will greeted his older siblings .
tr	11	I need to know what to expect .
tr	10	But having failed it is likely she has altered her scheme . "
tr	7	007 : You can do that remotely .
tr	10	The crew seemed less pleased to see them and used various gestures to prove their point .
tr	10	He couldn 't stop saying , ' Did you hear that ? '
tr	8	Running Ganondorf through with his sword etched his name into Hyrule 's history .
tr	8	She took a sip while Jan 's cheeks reddened .
tr	10	Katherine looked at Calvin who nodded his support .
tr	6	" It suits you anyway , " the young man remarked and smiled .
tr	5	" Just on weekends , " I replied , and his frown deepened .
tr	7	Niko shoved his flask behind a pillow and brought in a few cold bottles from the refrigerator .
tr	7	We don 't always learn their proper names but they help us through the day .
tr	7	Suddenly , the horror of the day pressed into him with a vengeance and it hurt .
tr	7	Rafe bit his lip as Finan 's face showed plainly his chagrin .
tr	9	Or if he blundered into a polar bear without enough time to shoot .
tr	9	Look what happened to Jesus .
tr	11	Ricky responded defiantly when he knew he was had .
tr	8	For the next hour Candice sat in silence listening to the most amazing story she had ever been told .
tr	9	Once he had the money , he would catch a cab to the university medical center in San Francisco .
tr	11	I remember when Christmas used to be a magical day .
tr	9	We must send a representative tomorrow to the council at Tuscaloosa .
tr	5	Like the reporter , these curators and collectors , these experts and salespeople , didn 't understand .
tr	10	Truth be told , she didn 't scramble quite as fast as she could have .
tr	5	" Stupid girl , " his hoarse voice met her ears .
tr	6	6 Some time later , Brian Engle rechecked his heading , his airspeed , his navigational figures , and his charts .
tr	9	Droplets coated the air , and passengers sat about , reading their papers and puffing their cigars .
tr	7	She opened her hands , in both her palms , twin white lights grew in size .
tr	7	On a chair by the door there was a silk , padded dressing gown .
tr	10	It 's really good to see all of you again . "
tr	8	I didn 't know it at the time but I had spoken too soon .
tr	6	" She 's coming your way Chet .
tr	9	I 'll be swinging this around at weeds and briars and whatever else gets in our way . "
tr	10	I 'm the man who blew up her bus and killed Noah . "
tr	11	Think about it have you ever seen me spend money ? '
tr	9	Why would he think that it was Tristan ?
tr	9	It looks clean , about 300 yards in front of your crater .
tr	5	" About two hundred , " the jeweller replied .
tr	10	If it started to rain , then he 'd know the process was complete and the monster would become corporeal .
tr	10	A girl from a vision who he didn 't even know existed until today .
tr	7	CHAPTER 36 The Light Elaina frowned at the map as they walked .
tr	10	I paid out the rope as he worked his way lower toward the cliff 's edge .
tr	9	I put a hand on his arm and felt the rigid tension running through him .
tr	10	Chase smirked " Maybe you thought you 're a bird perhaps .
tr	7	The flicker spread , pouring downwards into a thin silver arc , faint glowing beads of light shimmering around the edges .
tr	11	" Did you think I was serious ?
tr	11	Alejo swore , immediately understanding what was going on .
tr	8	Hardly knowing what she was doing , Miriam complied .
tr	6	He then reached over me , opened the car door , and then , kissed my cheek .
tr	7	The hunger is a lot of things .
tr	8	Let 's just leave it at that for now . "
tr	11	To have things not the same as where you live . "
tr	9	From her brother 's stories , he knew that this was her first voyage after that ordeal .
tr	6	It seemed a dreadfully long gap to the first step .
tr	6	" I just -- " Rachel began , but Rick cut her off .
tr	8	" What are you , " she shrieks , enraged by Rift 's seemingly thoughtless antics .
tr	6	" See that trail past the last cabin ?
tr	6	A dark man with black hair , black beard , and an unhurried way in his manner and speech .
tr	8	Sarah looked at him , surprised he said it so flatly .
tr	10	The four walked down the hallway that led to the east stairs .
tr	8	he added in a tone of disbelief .
tr	8	And in accordance with God 's laws evil returns to its initiator like a boomerang to its thrower .
tr	5	No , no , no , not again , not again , not again .
tr	10	Dirt trickled out in a minor landslide near the bottom of the barricade .
tr	9	An inverted web too massive to complete , instant death for all who touched it . "
tr	9	Shocked relief washed over me , taking some of the numbness away .
tr	7	I shook it off along with Malcolm 's arm .
tr	9	A lesser man would have trouble using them for long .
tr	10	The group seemed reluctant to answer my question , and there was sadness in Drake 's eyes .
tr	8	As a matter of fact , some of the most modest homes were the best equipped in this regard .
tr	10	The few rounds he had left in the magazine had been fired .
tr	7	He stood there a moment waiting and then took off into the forest .
tr	9	" Hold on , why didn 't The Alpha just kill his mate ? "
tr	9	" Now let 's get out of here , " she said after the job was done .
tr	7	It could loosen the bandage and start the bleeding again . "
tr	6	Like many adults , she had her established quirks , and so he let that particular conversation slide .
tr	6	' Victor and I debated this time and time again , ' he said .
tr	9	Toby directed 006 to turn around and face Ahmad , who had just entered the hall .
tr	9	" Finish your story first sire , and we 'll tell the rest of ours . "
tr	9	" And then he took off out of here like a bat out of a sunrise , " Sidney finished .
tr	11	He opened his eyes suddenly , hearing a loud , crunching sound as of something being dragged over stones .
tr	6	It sounds like a threat .
tr	9	It inspected them for a few moments longer before it finally padded around in a tight circle .
tr	10	He was glad to see her so happy .
tr	10	Collin was guiding her to their carriage , preparing to send her home .
tr	9	This time Steve was too late to react and simply speared past the outer rim into a free-fall .
tr	6	A moment later , though , Mirai pointed at a room to the side .
tr	7	She was his bride and she was lovely ; not just in form , but also in spirit .
tr	9	It was the home village of Wolf Eyes , from where the braves had come .
tr	8	Sofia preferred to be silence .
tr	7	We 're real American heroes ; probably get medals and promotions for this . "
tr	7	The shot was at a distance , and the bullet didn 't penetrate too deep .
tr	9	" It will be as you say , beloved . "
tr	7	She wedged herself between her husband and the cook .
tr	9	" Sit down , " she grunted , catching his by his wrist and pulling his down on her knee .
tr	9	Then he moved around the giant tree and stepped in front of a welcome mat .
tr	10	She brought his tea to him and set it down on the table next to the bed .
tr	8	The men 's physical condition could be described as functional , at best .
tr	9	Sometimes you 'll catch ' em napping and get out of their grip like you did .
tr	10	" Our young friend has asked that you serve as his trainer once again . "
tr	8	" His Lordship has retired to bed early Mr Stephens , " she said .
tr	10	It is the one in the portrait and the one that belongs to your mother .
tr	7	Teeth and cartilage crunched , and Pete was knocked off his feet .
tr	8	They circled around half of Mount Rocky before reaching a two-lane road .
tr	10	007 followed them , leading Prasad by a plastic tie binding his wrists .
tr	10	Fed up with the prodding attacks , Link spins his sword overhead before stabbing it into the ground viciously .
tr	9	The kid was proving to be pretty crafty .
tr	11	The light was strong enough now for him to take inventory of the room and of himself .
tr	10	The room was quiet and those in attendance kept unconsciously looking to the empty mayor 's chair .
tr	6	So - a long time ago , " he began , " Tiger had the stories .
tr	7	As the man reached the top , the crowd found its voices again .
tr	8	She was everything he wanted .
tr	7	He let go of me .
tr	9	" Tell me , " she urged him and he looked at her with sad eyes .
tr	11	He was still too spent to even think about moving .
tr	11	I knew it had to be Wendell .
tr	8	I can hardly wait for this little one to come .
tr	8	" Captain , all the machinery on board , is in working order , at the moment .
tr	9	It was designed to keep out unauthorized people .
tr	7	He might as well do some prep for school .
tr	8	" You tried to kill me . "
tr	8	he asked when they met up .
tr	9	Dad 's looking to cut costs . "
tr	7	She leaned down and patted the horse on the neck .
tr	11	" That 's where we used to shoot them .
tr	9	Love should always be allowed to live ! "
tr	11	I 'm trying to get this business off the ground and provide for you . "
tr	8	We shifted to the sides of the lift .
tr	8	" Go to the future first and tell us what this thing is ! "
tr	9	Lonnie and Ricky were starting to get sore bottoms .
tr	5	" Not even a little bit , friend Rabbit , " Longbow agreed .
tr	6	" Listen , Alex , this isn 't really a good time ... " " Asaph got out . "
tr	7	I rose and followed Reid to the woods .
tr	10	I 'd love to have smashed his face in .
tr	7	You wouldn 't possible ruin me , only yourself .
tr	7	' Do you know this man ? '
tr	8	" So it would seem ; we were talking of worry . "
tr	10	I had Linda standing by to translate , but Mr. Vella had no trouble turning a word in English .
tr	11	That would mean the assuming of yet another name , and Rafe could hardly see that that would help the situation .
tr	8	Without warning , the entire area begins to shake violently .
tr	7	David squinted at first , then rubbed his eyes and refocused on the vision before him .
tr	5	" Hello Simon " a soft calming voice called out .
tr	5	There was an easier way , once .
tr	9	Mariposa tried to think smaller , be smaller .
tr	8	He knew Adam was right .
tr	7	Barney said , " That 's not a problem .
tr	9	The sunny street dimmed as the words took on sense .
tr	7	They played golf regularly at Belmont Lodge , at least twice a week .
tr	8	Gabe laughs at the audacity of this statement .
tr	8	he asked , keeping his demeanor calm and collected .
tr	11	He also noted that she avoided looking at the machine .
tr	9	A huge oval coffee table fit perfectly in the arc formed by the couch .
tr	9	Over the next couple of hours she went through fifty rounds assuming different shooting positions and shooting over different ranges .
tr	6	" Well , all right , then , " Katrina says , " I can read that . "
tr	8	Of course the uniforms didn 't fit us exactly , but it was far better than before .
tr	9	... a head came to rest at my feet .
tr	10	" We decided to give you some space before dinner . "
tr	7	But more importantly I found a note , typed , with no signature .
tr	8	he said , with no small amount of pride .
tr	5	" Well , me boy , " the man said proudly .
tr	10	Didn 't we stop in front ? "
tr	10	" Abby , how is the project going so far ? "
tr	8	" A few hours of hunger will calm the girl and bring her around to our side .
tr	7	I dug my elbows into the grit and pulled forward , my knees scraping the stones .
tr	11	It seems that the old beer can has more room in it than this little space . "
tr	11	Simply eyeing his music box , Mai manages to question his beliefs without saying a word .
tr	7	The next morning came , and before dawn they were already on the move .
tr	8	I couldn 't help but let out a sigh of relief .
tr	10	" There must be something you can do . "
tr	7	It would be the most obvious course .
tr	11	Come by when you feel like talking .
tr	7	This was the dreaded scenario , but the response was already decided .
tr	5	" I ... I just thought ... " Adele smiled .
tr	10	" I always knew that he was something out of the ordinary . "
tr	8	To be in the situation at all was folly .
tr	8	In reality , Noah 's eyes said that he still loved her .
tr	8	Daniel paused to take a breath .
tr	9	If not , it 's going to be slow and painful . "
tr	11	It was similar to the event I had experienced , only less severe .
tr	11	I wondered how she had never seen this in me before .
tr	8	Together , we 'd arrest or kill Fuchs and snatch Mercedes back from the devils .
tr	9	Nice to meet you " " Same .
tr	11	Impossible to keep an eye on him from out here , there 's no cover . "
tr	8	He wondered if it was his imagination .
tr	7	" Maya , we are on the way , " Aria sends out the thought .
tr	6	" She 's still a woman , " my mother said , " and they are men . "
tr	7	His hands were on her shoulders , spinning her around .
tr	7	Gripping a lethal weapon in his hand , Ben had found his new chance for survival .
tr	9	He scrambled back and felt for the side of the tunnel .
tr	11	He sat there , hyperventilating , as he tried to regain his composure .
tr	10	" I really don 't want to hit a girl ... " he said .
tr	9	" Let 's get to shore .
tr	11	It was not an expression she had seen on him before .
tr	10	He winced and hoped it looked like a smile .
tr	9	I knew how to be silent .
tr	7	" Monitor the device via our internal mesh net ? "
tr	7	The young industry reps will have hangovers and the older eccentrics don 't dance .
tr	10	Rafe was silent for a few moments before finally lifting his hand to his eyes and rubbing them wearily .
tr	6	" I saw him , " he cried , " I saw him with mine own two eyes ! "
tr	5	" It 's the same thing . "
tr	6	And the people on the other side probably think the same thing as us . "
tr	6	' I should really check your wounds first though . '
tr	10	We 're to have murdered the second most important man in the kingdom .
tr	9	While this -- " a picture of a mother with a girl and boy , about eight and five .
tr	9	They picked out refugees to take into their houses for care and shelter , for the time being .
tr	7	" Mark the cave wall at least once every ten feet -- make it a huge mark , too . "
tr	6	" And coming from different directions . "
tr	6	You make me sick , girl ! "
tr	8	" There must be some way around this ! "
tr	7	Jumping down off a barrel in one swift motion , he followed them at a slow pace .
tr	10	I knew what object I needed .
tr	6	The quicker way to the Frozen Wood , he explained , was back through the mortal world .
tr	6	At Barkley Lake they turned around and went back west .
tr	8	The offensive actions alerted his sensors to the immediately disclosed location of several other Greyhounds .
tr	6	" When I let the wolf take control ... well , I do dangerous things . "
tr	6	" My queen , please , you must push , " she whispered in my ear .
tr	8	I rub a little antibiotic ointment on the wound and place a fresh piece of gauze over the top .
tr	10	Closing her eyes , Claire inhaled deeply and tried not to concentrate on the memory .
tr	10	" I 'll have to think about it .
tr	10	Sofia laid in silence , gazing at the stranger on her face .
tr	8	I assume it 'll suffice . "
tr	5	The night , dark and sullen , stretched on endlessly .
tr	8	He poured a cup of coffee but never took a sip .
tr	7	The shock that his ex girlfriend died causes his condition .
tr	11	Dammit , I 'm going to be stuck with this stupid jinx forever .
tr	10	Richard told me Dave Whitaker 's got you another job .
tr	6	More of a weekend cabin , not really a tourist rental ? "
tr	7	I 'm sorry , but this simply doesn 't line up .
tr	9	" I told you she wouldn 't know anything . "
tr	8	With virtually no effort , he throws the entire bookcase into the shelves behind him , destroying both in the process .
tr	8	Zachary 's eyes are wild with hate and he snarls viciously through clenched teeth .
tr	8	I marveled at the engineering of our world .
tr	10	Lena led Connor back to an office in the corner of the large open space .
tr	6	Mr. Anderson was following closely behind , eavesdropping .
tr	10	The FBI helicopter had fired at the Bell 222 in an attempt to force its pilot to land .
tr	11	Without warning the dead grains of sand pouring all around him glow brighter than ever before .
tr	7	" So it 's not you that needs help ? "
tr	10	The hot coffee worked its magic to get Taylor 's brain into gear .
tr	7	Jim leaned out over the wall and waved Harold over .
tr	8	She hears herself repeating the words " Alpha Two " in her head , over and over .
tr	9	" Want to call it off now ? "
tr	6	His leap is impressive , but far short of the goal .
tr	10	" I see you 've been in surgery already .
tr	8	she said back , seeming a little nervous .
tr	6	Finn spoke with his face mere inches from David 's .
tr	8	She set the dog on my lap and sat across the room in the chair and crossed her arms .
tr	11	Hours went by and he hurried as the sun started to set .
tr	7	They followed the same path as the first and extended their yellow claws toward the innocent unsuspecting babies .
tr	9	Connor was about to find out .
tr	8	But counterfeiting was serious stuff indeed , and not something he would tolerate in his jurisdiction .
tr	6	" Hey , loosen up on the reins .
tr	9	It 's good to see you . "
tr	10	" If someone should hear you speak this , you will die .
tr	9	They walked down the stairs into the arena and over to Connor and the girls .
tr	8	gazed out into the compound periodically scanning the area with his binoculars particularly in the direction of the river .
tr	9	" Don 't move , " she told him and saw his meek nod before she stepped off the porch .
tr	7	Susan almost told Jacobs this , but decided against it .
tr	9	You can try stuffing that crap down its throat . "
tr	9	He glide beside Sofia with his back leaning into the bricked wall .
tr	11	She felt sticky from the sea air , her hair hanging listless on her shoulders .
tr	10	You 're as much a kid as I am inside , " she elbowed his side .
tr	10	He unwound his shirt , put it back on , and tried to wipe his muddy glasses on one sleeve .
tr	7	The first two had arrived by boat .
tr	9	Perhaps they should have told him the truth , or at least alluded to it .
tr	7	Bad day to open doors .
tr	6	My defense still needed work , but against these mutts it was enough .
tr	8	When she finally got on board , the impostor greeted her keenly .
tr	11	Absolutely nothing happened until Topsy started wa pumping away on the hydraulic systems hand pump .
tr	7	For not telling you the truth from the start .
tr	8	The children are made up of skinny legs and knobby knees .
tr	9	What on earth could be going on in there ?
tr	11	If there 's a tie there 'll be sudden death like last time , gorgeous day for it . "
tr	11	" But you are supposed to be the last of your kind ?
tr	6	" Cert ... cert ... certainly not ... " " This is too much ! "
tr	10	Sighing at the meager proposal , Link decides they are wasting time with such childish endeavors .
tr	6	Warm , musty air , thick and heavy rose up from the hole .
tr	7	Finan felt a sudden grim sense of victory .
tr	6	" I understand , so the choice is made , tomorrow we begin our journey .
tr	11	Raphael laughed , ' Island were first to reject us . '
tr	7	" And now what we will do ? "
tr	5	Without another word , he stood and picked up his favorite battle ax .
tr	9	These guards are sworn to follow my orders . "
tr	6	Her scream made her intentions well-known . "
tr	5	" Probably not , " Ricky said .
tr	5	" To the cops , one more weirdo is just one more weirdo . "
tr	8	Proceeding across the grassy field , Rift steps on the oddly shaped patch of grass without a second thought .
tr	11	Joshua looked back though the binoculars and saw men lining up in front of the boats in formations .
tr	11	So what did we have to lose ? '
tr	7	I screamed towards the unseen foes .
tr	7	I placed a hand on his arm , and his gaze met mine .
tr	9	Flames engulfed what remained of the structure .
tr	11	She put forth towards me and I let go my stubbornness and came to her taking her hand in mines .
tr	8	Sara started playing with Lily .
tr	8	smiled Simon feeling guilty about his previous accusation " Fortunately not ! "
tr	7	Once they were back inside , Lucas placed the book on the coffee table and collapsed on the couch .
tr	9	The Prince looked up and saw the man gazing down at him in panic .
tr	11	Believe me when I say she 's no lady . "
tr	7	The bodyguards then line up , two to a side , and simultaneously hoist the casket onto the gurney .
tr	10	' You 've got to be kidding , ' he said incredulously .
tr	6	Did you party a little too vigorously last night ? "
tr	10	He captured her mouth with a desperate plea , until he pulled her closer and she flinched in pain .
tr	8	We took turns behind the wheel and stopped for a few hours ' sleep outside Trenton .
tr	8	I interrupted her ironically , and for my surprise , she started to laugh .
tr	7	She gently urged Misty into his slowest canter and Kevin did the same with Keno .
tr	11	But I thought that telling you this was not going to help . "
tr	6	The blood lilies were in themselves magic and , strangely enough , ingested by the magic users .
tr	9	He had several scratches on his face , mostly from running through the heavy brush .
tr	10	Pleased to meet you Melody Perkins , " as she hauled him back up to his feet .
tr	6	Older students with higher ranks constantly bullied the younger , smaller students .
tr	7	After a few tense minutes , Elaina sighed and let the tension out of the bow .
tr	8	They were ready and they were in the hard part ... ... .
tr	9	The destruction and slaughter were so bad that this attack is considered a massacre .
tr	8	Putting his car in gear , he headed for the entrance of the bridge .
tr	8	" Driving the aliens away from Mars , I should think , " replied the British ambassador .
tr	9	Giant sycamores -- their leaves shed for winter -- dominated the landscape .
tr	6	Decomposition , human scent , animal scent - a mixture , subtle , very subtle , so subtle .
tr	6	" For your parents , leave this awful country and go home .
tr	11	It was a condescending statement that carried a ring of truth .
tr	7	A witch still haunts the barrows ... she calls ghosts down upon us .
tr	5	No answer , just a muffled sob , and then Dad took over again .
tr	10	It was normally used for the interrogation of captured spies or scouts -- the red did not show blood .
tr	9	We wait the night out together , lost in our very different struggles .
tr	8	For your courage you were given a place as King Ine 's adviser .
tr	10	Aimee must have forgotten to meet me here .
tr	9	How could you want to kill him ?
tr	9	However it had happened , most looked as if they still wore clothes from the donation bin .
tr	10	He wondered why she should lie there so motionless .
tr	6	" Ghosts don 't exist , " said Maddy , as if reading Edwin 's mind .
tr	8	It costs us incredible amounts of food , fuel , and other resources .
tr	11	" Over plantation destroys the lake which once provided a life source for the islands ' wildlife .
tr	7	He did remember he hated shopping .
tr	6	the mysterious European said in all honesty with a subtle German accent .
tr	9	Ted backed off the speed a little , listening to Joe 's progress .
tr	7	My neck feels pulpy and bruised like rotted fruit .
tr	5	A bitter reward for his good work against the rebels .
tr	8	" So we 'll be going in with them ? "
tr	6	Thank you , Mr. Obvious , Jimmy thought to himself .
tr	10	Well it would be nice to finish the current projects . "
tr	11	The same material was used for his baggy pants and on his feet were the simplest sandals .
tr	9	My brain starts inconspicuously edging out of the room , and this is what panic feels like .
tr	7	For the next five minutes , our leader called out directions and we turned one way or another .
tr	5	Has the Washington County Search and Rescue responded here yet ? "
tr	7	It was a good chair with a comfortable pad .
tr	9	He was back in one of the stalls not listening anyway .
tr	8	Stefano supported Simon 's order with a nodding of his head .
tr	5	" So , Luigi is not your only son ? "
tr	9	Tori gasped , but kept looking at the mirror .
tr	9	Since he was a twig of a man they fit pretty good .
tr	7	There was no humor in her laughter .
tr	6	" That was very brave , Dagger , " Commander Encino comments over the open channel .
tr	10	' I feel like I 'm in a bad spy movie , ' he said under his breath .
tr	10	Jonesy didn 't care to leave the base , and VIN had nowhere to go .
tr	11	There was a pause while Hagan slowly walked to collect his equipment .
tr	6	That , however , seemed rather like a side note to my current predicament .
tr	10	But he did his best anyway , and tried not to get too frustrated with himself .
tr	10	" Because that , Vivian , is the exact location where the president got shot . "
tr	11	We want to make the mock scenarios as realistic as possible .
tr	11	I seem to remember how pathetically against that you were . "
tr	9	On the school message board there was a poster that said : ATTENTION ALL STUDENTS !
tr	6	" Shivering 's a good sign , " said Marcia briskly , then clicked her fingers .
tr	6	Yeah , he 's popular and , yeah , he 's a jock , but he 's not conceited or stuck-up .
tr	9	I don 't want to be crying .
tr	9	That light was definitely ' off ' when I checked last time .
tr	9	He couldn 't believe this was real .
tr	7	' Found you , you dirty half-breed , ' hissed the immortal .
tr	10	" Is that why we are surrounded by Turkish police cars ? "
tr	6	" The hell with you both ! "
tr	7	When she was finished she saw the look of disbelief in Cokes eyes .
tr	10	As a matter of fact it was one of the first thoughts to bring this universe into existence .
tr	8	Mother and child embrace , Aria lifting her and squeezing tightly .
tr	8	In a splash of water , Jimmy suddenly sat up , gasping for air .
tr	9	" Humans were responsible for the destruction of our world child .
tr	7	She drank another long gulp of hot tea .
tr	11	Rick finally started the movie as they settled in beside him , pulling a blanket over them all .
tr	5	Normally the face of one of the previous victims .
tr	9	As his men began moving , David could already see enemy survivors coming down the path through the woods .
tr	8	The plate of cookies bounced from the end table as the milk spilled everywhere .
tr	5	" You hunt angels . "
tr	6	On the back wall , a brown polished swinging door with a big porthole window led to the kitchen .
tr	7	In the last six weeks , the mountaintop site had transformed into a small , green town .
tr	9	" Thank you for looking after my mum . "
tr	5	Not one but four enormous bronze candelabras illuminated the intricate marble floor .
tr	10	In fact , many do better than the ones who have a man . "
tr	7	' Please , Clint , ' she said , ' don 't go off on one . '
tr	9	Stalin cocked his head to one side and then said , " We won 't be peeking , though .
tr	10	Could he have been mistaken , his mind and ears playing tricks on him ?
tr	5	As a diversionary tactic , the ice cream detour didn 't quite work .
tr	8	A mistress wants to leave the palace ? "
tr	7	He moves on , and I let my breath out slow .
tr	10	For a time , the only audible sounds were the crickets wandering through the woods about us .
tr	7	The combination of the two is very dangerous , so a wood fire is the safest option .
tr	7	They were subsequently engaged and defeated by the Iron Wolf Brigade .
tr	11	' Okay , ' Katherine said awkwardly when she turned from preparing dinner .
tr	7	Look at me -- I 'm 38 and still happy ! "
tr	11	She 's no intention of letting him drift away .
tr	10	I thought he looked like an overgrown orange , but Roman masked balls apparently demanded some color .
tr	6	Framed pictures of family were on the wall .
tr	10	What it is , we do not know , but we have found our people hideously slain by it .
tr	8	The shock jolted us all forward and buckled the hood of the Skoda .
tr	6	I can still hear the highway close by .
tr	7	He glanced around the room , sighed and turned on his heel and left , slamming the door loudly behind him .
tr	5	The Embarcadero Center , the Russ Building , and the distinctive Transamerica Tower .
tr	8	" Please put on your coat first and then wash your hands . "
tr	6	He shoved me up against the wall .
tr	5	The sound sudden and ear shattering , the vibration and shaking quickly follows .
tr	8	Mia nodded without being convinced .
tr	6	She turned and he held up his own napkin .
tr	9	Josh hurried to keep up and walked to the door with Claire .
tr	9	He turned away , surveying the place for any probable danger .
tr	11	Goddess knows you 're fucking everything in sight .
tr	8	She turned on her heel and walked away as steadily as she could .
tr	7	" I don 't know , sweetheart , " she said tiredly .
tr	8	Interestingly enough , other than the ladder , the space was empty .
tr	8	Neil quickly gave a perfunctory dunk , and his hands were wiped for him with a linen towel .
tr	7	" One way or the other , " John had added ominously .
tr	6	" Absolutely she would Sir , " replied George .
tr	9	Alex came down in her nightshirt with two bags of chips , Kaylie followed with cups of ice .
tr	9	Although their unexplained deaths were of concern , he switched back to provide cover to his two comrades .
tr	9	Suspicious , he bent forward to look into her face .
tr	5	" Yeah , sort of , but he 's not that bad . "
tr	11	" I thought you didn 't want me casting inside . "
tr	9	Wait to hear from Dirk .
tr	9	I took in a lung full of fresh air and almost gagged .
tr	9	We 'll do that short pitch of rock , then step off that and onto the snow slope above .
tr	5	" Of course , Señor Hank , please do come in . "
tr	6	" That would be nice , but no . "
tr	7	" Why did you try to drug me ? "
tr	6	" No one is that powerful , boy , " he said , " not even a Mistborn .
tr	5	The menacing mechanical donut is last .
tr	11	Keen saw the bloody water , splashing and roiling while two dark shapes twisted around in the deep end .
tr	7	At least it was not her feet again -- that had been inconvenient .
tr	10	These people are just trying to get home and we murdered half of them ! "
tr	6	" He 's not moving , " said the voice of Scoutmaster Frey .
tr	9	And with every seconds passing time was about to become precious indeed .
tr	5	' Like warm clay , but it 's not sticky . '
tr	11	If it leads me to a handful of the black creatures or an army , I shall not be deterred .
tr	5	" Yes , I am the Searcher . "
tr	8	" First she was merely angry because of the stinging in her jaw .
tr	11	With each stroke of my paintbrush , my rage simmered , bubbling , ready to explode .
tr	11	I 'd hate to try this with full tanks on the shuttle and the Galaxy . "
tr	9	Finan 's brow darkened on hearing this and his next words were rather brusque .
tr	8	" Coast is clear , " Daniel said to Tori and they both went to the fireplace .
tr	10	Ken came in raring to go .
tr	10	Society had already done its job by demanding the criminal 's freedom .
tr	8	" Well , there 's more to the story , " said Victoria .
tr	8	Dr. Stadler asked rhetorically , shaking his head now in further disbelief .
tr	8	Just as I reach his door , I wonder if he locked it .
tr	6	Of course , she will have some questions as well . "
tr	7	Simon 's heel connected with Steve 's jaw , momentarily disorientating him .
tr	6	The impact doubled Cletus over and sent him hurling backwards .
tr	6	" I don 't have time .
tr	7	" We will stay in the living room . "
tr	8	Twisting into his signature attack , Link spins aggressively , but even so , Rift doesn 't break his stride .
tr	7	The door to the chamber swung open , and a sprightly young male smiled at me .
tr	10	' But you 've no idea how I could further your careers . '
tr	8	" Your dearly departed Dr. Harland was a criminal . "
tr	7	" You 're Indians , you fool , " snarled Tom , grabbing his shirt and shaking him vigorously .
tr	9	You know , the way she acts and everything . "
tr	7	Three hours after they left the staging area , it was all over .
tr	9	And in general what did this group bandits want from us ? "
tr	10	He took a step up to the white wolf and knelt in front of him as a calm enveloped his body .
tr	5	He loves the little fella more than ever .
tr	6	" But ... " Gabe looks at me .
tr	8	I will take off my shoes and go in the water now . "
tr	7	Ryan with worms crawling out of his eyes .
tr	6	Could black people build a city like that ?
tr	7	" I have still one question for you .
tr	9	The brick sank into the wall followed by a deep , rumbling sound .
tr	9	Everyone appeared to be getting along .
tr	9	Troops were added , and drone patrols were stepped up , both to no avail .
tr	10	She looked down now to see what they were .
tr	7	' Am I interrupting something ? '
tr	8	Weak as the wavering flames of a dying candle .
tr	8	As he was instructed , Asst. Fowler pulled back the freshly sliced muscle as the doctor worked quickly .
tr	10	Respectfully , ORIGINAL SIGNED Brigadier General Nathan Taylor ORIGINAL SIGNED President Reginald Philips with the words " See me ASAP ! "
tr	5	" Wanderers , Forsaken , Nightmare Children , maybe even Chris . "
tr	10	He wouldn 't have to hide for long .
tr	9	I sat up on the bench and tried to rub my eye .
tr	11	They would tell me the stupid things the company did from time to time .
tr	5	" Sorry , Friend , " said Black Scorpion .
tr	8	But her muttering and inability to respond indicated this girl 's stark , raving madness .
tr	11	Edwin realised he was at the bottom of a stone walled shaft .
tr	5	Too much introduction , " Almira whispered but Errol ignored her .
tr	9	But the way I recollect it , the spell that she cast was irrevocable .
tr	7	Connor charged him again and this time Takeo leapt in the air avoiding the charge .
tr	10	David led the big bay he called " Rocky . "
tr	10	I wish I knew why .
tr	11	Where is it written that a woman can 't speak to other women ?
tr	6	The beast had four legs , a thin tail , barrel chest , and a long snout .
tr	9	Irizarry pointed to the direction they 'd been travelling .
tr	9	Andy knew Stephens was right , but he was still angry .
tr	7	" And please let me find David , I beg you .
tr	8	You have successfully implanted an organism in a young boy .
tr	5	After all this time , he still felt so very good .
tr	8	He had milked them , fed them , and returned them to the pasture .
tr	7	I smiled to him and he left in time .
tr	9	Rafe was already at the tent opening , watching Adele as she walked away .
tr	5	" Go , go , go , " he yelled .
tr	9	Riki giggled , but she caught a glance from her father 's eye and quickly subsided .
tr	6	To his credit , he appeared absolutely identical to his brother .
tr	7	He turned and nodded at the doorman , gave him a thumbs up and walked into the lobby .
tr	6	She was not tall , her head came only to his shoulder .
tr	11	' So , you wan na tell me what that was about back there ? '
tr	6	" Yeah , he told me all about your little spell back in New York . "
tr	7	" You 're kidding me , " said George , surprise on his face .
tr	7	His soul and spirit were being purged , cleansed , and cleared .
tr	8	And you can forget all about me . "
tr	11	' We need someone more elaborate given we 're only a three piece band . '
tr	10	The fins were red with huge swastikas painted on them .
tr	7	She approached me hesitantly , almost afraid .
tr	6	Several figures appeared over the threshold and slowly crossed the polished floor .
tr	9	The man stayed in deafening silence as he watched the wizard on his work .
tr	5	Well , that sort of made sense .
tr	10	Bullets ricocheted off the edges of the steel as I weaved the blades around , my steps quick and measured .
tr	8	Nelly let go of her toe and bobbed a curtsy .
tr	11	" I want you ready to shove off tomorrow before daylight .
tr	6	Her feelings for him had grown .
tr	7	" Going for a walk , " he said .
tr	6	That captain , Roberto , what a beast ! "
tr	6	" Yes , faucets , a porch railing , the gas pipe , sometimes it is on the door knob . "
tr	8	Allan had charts spread out on the table .
tr	8	There isn 't time to explain .
tr	10	" Maybe we 'll have to resort to that . "
tr	7	Lastly he called the new President of the United States of America .
tr	8	The broadsword glowed golden in his hands as he leaped forward .
tr	5	" I won 't , " I said , and frowned .
tr	11	The Sergeant Major cleared his throat and began reading from another sheet of paper .
tr	6	She 's got an acupuncturist appointment .
tr	9	But he knew now that whoever it was , they were getting sloppy .
tr	8	While they waited on the parking lot , Daniel singled Tori out of the group .
tr	7	Over two thousand years back a Bird Prophet used to say : ' Go and sin no more .
tr	8	Lord Brogan fixed the soldier with a clear , all seeing gaze .
tr	7	" Lie back down , and finish drinking , " she commanded imperiously .
tr	8	As the light moved across the ground , the grass it passed over stood straight on end and rocks shifted slightly .
tr	5	Laughing , Colleen said , " He 's not a serial killer . "
tr	9	They would have killed her too , and I left with her to avoid that .
tr	6	Unless ... she looked at the glowering wife again .
tr	10	I 'll leave you alone so you can settle down . "
tr	10	" You don 't have to be fear me .
tr	10	Being a teenager , he loved the attention it drew from young girls his age .
tr	9	Dying for one 's county is sweet and honorable , they said .
tr	7	They made their way to the door and out onto the porch into the brightening day .
tr	10	Anyone can invent dirty revelations to bring attention on oneself .
tr	11	She had cast enough failed webs to know the feel of it .
tr	7	" I cannot tell you , " answered Henrik .
tr	5	" Well , I remember my mission .
tr	10	Melody replied , lying down on the other side of the blanket .
tr	7	' We 're close to the facility . '
tr	6	" But it wasn 't enough , was it ?
tr	8	Mark pulled the object out - it was a wad of money .
tr	11	She pointed to a black column of ebony which stood behind the dais .
tr	8	" I 've been a member of their group for about two years now .
tr	10	The kid is taunting him with the music , but Link plans to use it to his advantage .
tr	11	" We must beware lest they be lying in wait ! "
tr	5	This golf course was his home course .
tr	5	" Not so mouthy now , are you , pretty boy ? "
tr	5	Listen , Mike , " she sounded worried .
tr	5	Jennings 's military experience was classified !
tr	8	" But like I said , " maintained Edwin , " string isn 't a good conductor of electricity . "
tr	5	" GOOD MORNING , COMMANDER PIERCE , " a mechanized voice greeted him .
tr	11	It was strange to see her like this , so broken .
tr	10	" You are beginning to come through clear .
tr	11	But I 've pulled shooting blanks at our clients from the program , for now , until this dies down . "
tr	11	It was depressive to be alone for so many days .
tr	9	Their father had taught them all about the sea since they could understand and walk .
tr	9	I must see more of this land before I make my final judgment .
tr	8	With a big gesture for everyone to see she paused the lesson in progress from her teacher 's terminal .
tr	6	Gabe turns around and grins at me .
tr	7	Her eyes widen and the third eye in her forehead opens and sizzles .
tr	11	" WHO CARES WHAT TIME IT IS ? "
tr	5	" Oh , the young and their dreams , " said Thibault .
tr	10	I meant do you see ? "
tr	10	Falconer said , " I hope you 're right , too .
tr	11	And she is smart enough to have a sense of humor .
tr	10	Arista stops swimming , turning to stare .
tr	7	He said , " We all feel exactly the same , Sue . "
tr	8	Selecting a bottle of apple juice out of the collection , he carefully lowered the basket back into the pit .
tr	7	This kind of behavior was very unusual for him , but he ran out of ideas .
tr	9	Mana turned to face her , and she put her hand on the girls arm .
tr	7	The Pastor reached for the strap on the other side and brought it up to the top .
tr	9	" I think we 'll try Chez Henri .
tr	7	Allah had saved him by a miracle .
tr	10	They had been given their errand by the Evil one to destroy the small child .
tr	8	Next , he moved to a folder titled Games .
tr	7	Chapter 5 -- Conquering Fate Timothy " Brazen " Walker never believed in fate .
tr	7	In fact , swords of all kinds are among our company 's biggest sellers . "
tr	9	Her personality was so different from Rupert 's , and it colored everything she did .
tr	10	Do you mind if I take the tail gunner station ? "
tr	9	" Warrior command to dock control , we are ready for transfer , please open Dragon Medical Bay door .
tr	6	She slid a hand from his shoulder to his neck and face .
tr	5	" Oh my god , oh my god , I 'm so fired .
tr	8	Now , it was long and untamed , falling well below her shoulders .
tr	8	" Ok Tim , I will get you your # 17 Million . "
tr	10	He had discovered a valiant people filled with hope and courage , strength and spirit .
tr	9	Preparing to leave for orbit .
tr	10	Skull laughed and said , " Look where we are Hunter .
tr	5	Was this Heaven , or was this Hell ?
tr	10	Now Mac almost wished the military was right about the radiation .
tr	7	" I 'll get him back , Lora , " her husband proposed and went out the door .
tr	8	Missy let Misty have her head .
tr	11	It was then that I decided to write the book .
tr	8	Robbie stretched his long legs and took a pull of his beer .
tr	9	" I 've been watching this on the news .
tr	7	Her parents had died early , and she lived with a spinster grandmother .
tr	7	A moment later his eyes rounded and he jerked his gaze back to her .
tr	7	August 19 After administering the antiviral drug last night , Teddy slept through the night .
tr	5	" No , it wouldn 't " George said .
tr	9	The long flight in a cramped cabin and the excitement of their hike started to wear down their energy reserves .
tr	7	His head fell to the floor and he didn 't move , knocked out .
tr	10	They had looped around to the beach side of the fire and had a good view of the boys .
tr	8	" They would have hit us no matter what . "
tr	9	" Something must be terribly wrong if you leave half your latte . "
tr	8	Ryan drops back , and I spin into the stranger 's arms .
tr	9	I rushed over to Logan , pushing thoughts of death from my mind .
tr	5	" I do not know . "
tr	10	' Don 't tell me Johnny 's not real either . '
tr	11	Pale light trickles through the cover and casts a pall across the lush forestry that lines the highway .
tr	9	" We are not parasites , we try to work with our planet .
tr	8	Who am I to stop him ?
tr	5	Lurch , bring my cane and a twister mat ! "
tr	10	He stopped struggling against the table restraints as the lethal dose of morphine entered his bloodstream and moved towards his heart .
tr	8	" Well he is in a black temper , is he not ? "
tr	7	It was dusty and dirty , but otherwise no worse for wear , and brushing it off he revealed its shine .
tr	8	Wouldn ' dream of takin ' our first voyage without ya . "
tr	7	Out of options , I summoned all the strength in my body and focused for a slight few seconds .
tr	8	He fainted from loss of blood .
tr	8	" Aw , you haven 't figured out the best parts yet , " Wreckage laughed .
tr	8	She put her head on his shoulder and felt some of the tension drain from her body .
tr	10	The tiled floor was a pattern of the same blue and white where it showed through the sooty debris .
tr	5	Behind them , the stairs creaked , and both Calla and Blue leapt .
tr	8	But it needed to be said .
tr	7	He got up from his chair and hugged Taylor .
tr	8	" Mum , what did dad do ?
tr	8	Rick noted the expensive furniture and the original native art on most of the walls .
tr	7	It 's not on your star charts , and it 's not on mine either . "
tr	11	The daggers in her head grew and multiplied until her piercing cry was reduced to a whimper .
tr	8	It was hanging outside of an herb shop amid various other dried plants and flowers .
tr	10	" So , you are going to help me , " Wilbur almost couldn 't contain himself .
tr	11	Everyone expects that you can take a few minutes to socialize .
tr	8	T , give me a Whopper with cheese and extra tomato , " he ordered .
tr	10	' Reid , ' I said with a dull note of urgency , my gaze shifting to the busy traffic ahead .
tr	10	I tell it like it is .
tr	10	There wasn 't much that Melody could do about the body now .
tr	10	Falconer said , " This one was on the bank of the stream .
tr	8	I understand this is acceptable .
tr	6	" Alec remembers my name , " said Simon , and he set the bottle back down .
tr	10	It was time to get moving .
tr	5	" Che , " he said calmly .
tr	9	The braves would go hunting on the days when the weather permitted , and the women would gather firewood .
tr	11	" Are you sure you 're not up to something ? "
tr	9	You need not leave ... you need not continue to run . "
tr	6	Two hours later Dr. Dorn got a call on his cell from the University Hospital .
tr	8	" You can recover , " the Prince said , " you know that you can recover ! "
tr	8	Both Rocky and the pony had nameplates on their stalls but unlike Dan 's theirs were in Gaelic .
tr	6	Have you heard of it ? "
tr	11	We have no idea where she is or what happened to her . "
tr	6	A few months ago , we celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary , so clearly it was the right decision .
tr	9	" I asked what the meaning of this was .
tr	8	David pulled off his sweatshirt in spite of the dropping temperatures .
tr	9	Someone in there -- it might have been Ron Fernald -- was doing the shout .
tr	11	Now you boys stay inside until I get back and take care of your mom . "
tr	10	Peter and Wendy want to make a stand against the grownups ? "
tr	9	" Tell the emperor to expect my son . "
tr	9	Valiant and Barbara , however , appeared as they always did : elegantly amused .
tr	7	Di Luca raced our group across the city and to all the finest shops .
tr	8	Suddenly the tears made her feel self-conscious .
tr	9	The pits were followed by the previous year 's leaves , and then both were covered with manure .
tr	6	" Six months and 3.25 million dollars , " was the reply .
tr	10	Cuz it seems like we should .
tr	8	You pilots will know each cargo list before you fly .
tr	9	His warmth spread through me like wildfire , igniting , growing , burning away the rest of the fear and tension .
tr	6	I left it in the hall . "
tr	9	It was a long way to walk and the mountains made it harder .
tr	9	Does it really count if you take the father 's weapons from children ?
tr	9	I smiled and the image of the queen came into my mind , attending tea with Mr. driver .
tr	10	Giorgio and Beppe , knowing what this meant , sat quietly allowing Simon time to recompose .
tr	7	The tame snakes , like the hog nose , spreading adders , coach whips , none of those are poisonous . "
tr	8	Once inside , they began to loot and pillage selectively .
tr	10	In fact , how do we even know Black Sam was headed here ? "
tr	8	" Good , " Destro said , pulling her closer .
tr	5	Two and a half weeks after its launch , the bottle still followed the Gulf Stream .
tr	9	As such , she has no control over her affairs and has not had for several months now .
tr	10	Everything you 've heard about that is absolutely true .
tr	10	Had to touch all of her .
tr	11	The Prince shook his head desperately , trying with all his might to force breath back into his lungs .
tr	8	Melody 's mood , on the other hand , worsened as the day wore on .
tr	8	Joe was in a pretty good mood , and he hit that bottle hard that evening .
tr	7	Was he possibly connected to my mom and the money ?
tr	7	VIN spurted forward and caught up to the two women in a few seconds .
tr	6	' Just about , come in , ' Amy said from inside .
tr	10	He began bouncing his way along from rock to rock .
tr	7	" Come closer , I will not bite " smiled the prophetess beckoning Sarah forward .
tr	7	" Slay her if you can ! "
tr	7	He jogs over to the security gate and pushes the cadaver 's thumb onto the fingerprint scanner .
tr	6	" Ah , I see , " said Ernest slowly , stepping inside and removing his hat .
tr	9	Because of the condition of the poor country roads , the drive had been longer than she expected .
tr	8	The cousins slipped two bundles next to her : one with food and the other with clothes .
tr	10	Neil repeated his exhausted plea and tried to sit up but couldn 't .
tr	9	The inability to recognize a baseball bat as their means of destruction .
tr	6	He briefly shook blood , brains and gore from his hands .
tr	10	I sprinted the only place left to go .
tr	6	His voice was bitter , his face strangely haggard and troubled .
tr	9	" But ... " " Don 't worry , you 'll get used to it . "
tr	7	" Doesn 't look like a prank .
tr	11	" Can 't you get it done by tonight ? "
tr	9	Some claimed they had never seen her blink .
tr	9	Alejo 's fingers dug into her arm as he dragged her through the tent door .
tr	9	I used to work for Magic . "
tr	5	The fading wallpaper , her bed , her jewelry , the half-empty closet .
tr	6	CHAPTER TWENTY Escape was not an easy proposition ; he needed a horse .
tr	9	George is a boat freak and right now he 's in the Caribbean , at least I think he is .
tr	8	Both have been involved in crashes .
tr	11	It was almost as if they had studied him and adapted just as he would have .
tr	8	You will sit at my table and that is final ! "
tr	10	As always I am available for further discussion and would welcome any feedback or guidance you may have on this issue .
tr	6	" It 's just not fair , " the man broke into tears and began sobbing .
tr	9	You 're welcome to find it .
tr	6	she asked with raised eyebrows .
tr	9	Cautiously he walked , tip toeing around , and calling softly , " Hello , anyone ?
tr	9	The lights wake at my touch and throw me into a world of confusion .
tr	10	Though there was still much to do , work on the hull was complete .
tr	8	Within half an hour all four were back in the thicket all sign of their entrance swept clear .
tr	5	" Of a sort , " he said .
tr	8	When Ted got back to his own house , Melody was just putting the finishing touches on breakfast .
tr	9	Prices and shortages became critical ; governments in the worst affected countries could no longer cope and began to fail .
tr	11	She laid a hand lightly on his shoulder , urging him to turn and face her , but he resisted .
tr	7	I squatted behind a crater and scoped the area .
tr	11	" Do you want to go back ? "
tr	8	" Sir , in my experience the only way to obtain leadership experience is to lead .
tr	7	She was grateful for the man .
tr	6	" Finan has been hurt . "
tr	8	After wiping the dirt from his butt , he brought himself to his full height and stared across at the girl .
tr	10	He stared at Lizzie for what seemed like an hour .
tr	11	You need to keep an eye on those instincts of yours .
tr	9	His soldiers were also gathered on and around the tanks with a similar attitude of celebration .
tr	11	The song rears up so loud it drowns out everything but the certainty that I must hold back .
tr	11	he added with a frown when he climbed into the passenger seat of the 4x4 .
tr	10	I 'm not asking everyone to go with me .
tr	11	Thank you for doing what was right . "
tr	8	They resumed their march and reached the eastern end of the pass without further incident .
tr	9	I 've made them all to trick those foolish people . "
tr	9	I swear the whole place got instantly ten degree 's hotter .
tr	7	However , Lord Rafe did not come , the Gordo man did . "
tr	11	We fight for the very being that carries us through space .
tr	8	If they persist in this try and get a location from the Scouts .
tr	9	Do you have the crossbow ? "
tr	5	The pictures , the statues , the lights , the floor , the door ... The door ?
tr	11	It swallowed me as the path snaked upwards and the trees disappeared .
tr	6	He raised the horn again , nodded the beat to her , and off they went .
tr	6	She placed a finger on his lips .
tr	5	Just before the front door , however , Edwina Ballard made an unexpected appearance .
tr	8	His reaction to the attack was so quick , that he surprised even himself .
tr	7	God , I need help , Alejo groaned out loud .
tr	10	he screamed in its face , " I 'm one of the Children !
tr	9	He tried to relax all his muscles , but doing so was difficult .
tr	9	" I understand what you 're saying , " she said , " but I don 't trust him .
tr	9	If I could face down bad men and save a prisoner , I could face my dad .
tr	5	" Lars , you are the driver . "
tr	9	Was it all of Northgate ? "
tr	7	Mirai 's honed reflexes , sharper than even her mind , were already in motion .
tr	10	Remember how he came straight over to me ?
tr	10	Claire felt she might kiss it , but settled instead for a small cheer .
tr	9	Over the next two weeks , several more , similar murders were reported by the FBI - from Florida to Arizona .
tr	9	I had to crawl out the last three feet .
tr	10	The only thing keeping her here in England is the fact that Wendy is going up to Cambridge .
tr	9	Anyone who is executing or torturing prisoners is to be arrested .
tr	8	The blue crystal that imprisoned the angel suddenly seemed more like ice , and not nearly strong enough .
tr	7	I close the notebook and trace the intricate swirls on the front .
tr	8	The room was windowless and quite large about twenty five long by fifteen wide .
tr	6	The door slammed and someone went inside .
tr	9	Then our attack began anew like fresh men were on the field .
tr	11	Going to be hell to pay .
tr	11	" I guess you 're over excited about this , " Daniel said .
tr	7	Calvin still hadn 't arrived and Raphael 's drum laden taxi would arrive any minute .
tr	8	It looked exactly the same as the one before , but in this room , Jonesy was singled out by Suzi .
tr	10	" That guy , " she indicated by touching his big nose , " Mr. Anderson , seventh grade history teacher .
tr	9	She just wanted him to hurt and be sorry .
tr	11	Turning in what felt like slow motion Claire stared at the lift doors as they opened .
tr	7	With the exception of Signor Beppe , they all had a traditional full English breakfast .
tr	11	I don 't know what to make of this Saint Tropez drama . '
tr	8	It gave me pause , and I halted .
tr	10	Do you mind if I take your picture ? "
tr	6	The sound carried through the sunlit car like a gentle ripple .
tr	7	It effortlessly swept it in and it dumped it with a loud noise into the container .
tr	8	Almost immediately , the stranger slapped his forehead with his right hand , as if squashing a mosquito .
tr	8	They were framed by thick lashes and long , luxuriant chestnut curls .
tr	6	We stare at each other .
tr	6	" Okay , do it your way , " Ted said .
tr	11	" Perhaps you will now understand the consequences of not listening to me .
tr	9	Then , I 'm going to mail a package . "
tr	11	Mark lowered the cane in his left hand , transferring his grip so he held it by either end .
tr	6	Her blonde hair was long and haggard , her white clothes torn and dirty .
tr	9	I looked down slowly and saw the metal embedded in my flesh .
tr	6	Her wallet , passport , a pen and her cosmetic bag tumbled out , together with the miniature sewing kit .
tr	6	With each passing day , he felt the sting less and less .
tr	7	" We dare not chance it , " she panted , and moved with frenzied activity .
tr	6	We made our way carefully up the steps to the final landing .
tr	7	Amanda nodded , slowly at first , and then with more conviction .
tr	7	It was faint and it faded quickly , but before it did , I heard laughter .
tr	6	Next to grandmother 's house there grew a huge lime tree .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " admitted Alexandra , " pep talks are really more your thing . "
tr	10	" Does that mean we won ? "
tr	8	Still holding onto Dan 's reins , she stepped up onto the cottage porch .
tr	9	They probably think John didn 't make it .
tr	9	" I know you do ... I just don 't feel this way about anyone else . "
tr	6	" Yes , " Annie confirmed , " I worked out there last summer part time . "
tr	10	By now the sun was starting to drop in the sky .
tr	8	' Does he bear a grudge against you ? '
tr	9	He stood up out of breath and noticed the disaster as he caught it .
tr	10	He opened his eyes to see the big car sitting stationary a few metres away .
tr	10	This hotel is funny about keeping things private . "
tr	11	There was a beep from the machines : the words " Access Denied : Incorrect Password " appeared on the screens .
tr	9	Something in my subconscious mind wouldn 't allow me to do it .
tr	10	Finished , Alexa stood to let me tug up her panties again .
tr	6	At its end sat a quaint yellow Victorian , with a pitched shake roof and a big white wraparound porch .
tr	10	They emerged from the tunnel into a smaller cavern that had stalactites and stalagmites .
tr	6	His resentment was still hot , and the rejection too new .
tr	11	He had allowed it free range in the uncertainty of his dealings with Adele , but no more .
tr	8	Even though most of it was in scientific terminology , the essence of the thing was horrifyingly clear .
tr	11	" I have mentioned already that I cannot undo the Tome 's magic . "
tr	5	" What should we do ? "
tr	5	" My most loyal and trusted friend , " Sophie replied .
tr	10	" I have to get us out of here , there is no other way . "
tr	9	I am very glad that you became such close friends . "
tr	7	As dusk deepened Mariposa extracted the last stinger from the human 's right ear lobe .
tr	9	No sense in dying with a bulbous beak on my forehead .
tr	6	The crest of her private school took up her blazer pocket .
tr	10	Jeremy wished he could say for certain .
tr	8	In days of yore , populations in affected areas either moved to greener pastures or died back to a sustainable level .
tr	11	It would be a nice present to thank him for his help .
tr	10	On one side , a single triangle is obviously meant to symbolize Mai 's prison within the Triforce .
tr	11	I 'm one of the few folks he still talks to .
tr	9	Has the UN suddenly gone into the entertainment industry ? "
tr	10	The business just seemed to grow without any specific marketing programs or even effort .
tr	7	Then he grabbed the cap with his teeth and twisted it off .
tr	8	Aloysius Fuchs looked the same as he had months before .
tr	11	He seems to be getting better , thank God .
tr	10	They approached the teargas cloud with taser pistols drawn and at the ready .
tr	7	' You said it , boss , ' muttered Anatole .
tr	9	" I came out there , in front of you and snuck back .
tr	8	Other than ourselves , there was no one within a two-mile radius of the bomb .
tr	6	" Hattori only has one Warder , " the man said in his gravelly , soft voice .
tr	10	" Your job has nothing to do with questioning orders .
tr	7	A lanky black man wearing loose trousers and a plaid button-down shirt emerged through the zippered door .
tr	9	Do you grow various breeds or did they blend together over time ?
tr	10	I 'd rather do that not feeling like crap . "
tr	9	In my family , we ate fried chicken with a knife and fork off china , you understand ?
tr	7	From the right-hand funnel a wisp of pale smoke or steam drifted , but otherwise there was no movement .
tr	11	I knew he had to be powerful .
tr	7	Sarah couldn 't take her eyes off the cottage .
tr	10	Melting Pot America used to affectionately be referred to as a melting pot .
tr	10	Misty was an older woman whose eight children had all moved away .
tr	6	How 's it going Noah ? "
tr	9	Looking down , I saw my clothes were in shambles .
tr	8	Dagger is then greeted by complete silence -- an odd sensation .
tr	8	" Do those goggles charge you monthly for phone service ? "
tr	7	Sounds of curses , blows , and a scuffle emerged .
tr	6	" Can 't we just -- " " No ! "
tr	6	" Well , a curator from a museum picked up her work for a slot in their rising stars showcase .
tr	8	But she 's also certainly worth five of you . "
tr	6	" That 's the second close call this morning , " he said to no one in particular .
tr	8	Alejo slammed and locked the heavy wooden door and pulled a couple of guns from under his clothes .
tr	9	" That is the weakest thing I ever heard -- and I 'm much too excited to sleep ! "
tr	8	" So that Christmas stays in our corner and Senor Ramadan and the Kwanzaa Elephant don 't get the gig . "
tr	10	Her tongue still thick from the lack of water , she could only shake her head , squeaking .
tr	8	Even though the weather stayed fair and the scenery was exquisite , every day seemed a chore to Elaina .
tr	10	" Do you know where my daughter is ? "
tr	9	The sight of the little dead goats , for some reason , triggered a feeling of blinding rage in Sarah .
tr	11	It was good to have someone to tease .
tr	11	Missile was like Preston , all he wanted to do was go fast .
tr	11	He was still way too excited at the prospect of seeing Janelle later that day .
tr	5	And I 'm disappointed , too . "
tr	8	Two forensic trucks , Gema 's Jag , Jens car and a Panda police car filled up the space .
tr	5	" Here , give me the first aid kit .
tr	9	" Okay , let me see the list and I 'll start searching the internet . "
tr	9	And the tank , supported by a platoon of troops , came on .
tr	11	It was obvious he didn 't have long .
tr	11	How 's that make you feel ?
tr	10	I don 't blame him because most of me didn 't .
tr	7	All of them looked at each other in surprise , " They stopped , " Ali said and Abu translated .
tr	7	Sometimes the three combatants shifted a few inches in one direction or the other .
tr	9	" We thought you 'd lost your marbles . "
tr	7	Everyone , the entire government , the military , will be in town . "
tr	9	It only served to underscore how ... new the thing really was .
tr	7	" Please , identify yourself , voice unrecognized , " it answered .
tr	11	But I do want to protect him .
tr	7	Now it was kept in the garage .
tr	8	" Alfred is in over his head , " said Jacob .
tr	6	" You all broke the code too , " he said instead .
tr	10	Finan looked up at Rafe as though he had gone mad .
tr	7	Echo was nearly done with his removal operation .
tr	9	That 's when my girl instincts kicked in and I got and an overwhelming urge to browse .
tr	8	At the end of 12 months , $ 300,000 plus any bonuses will be deposited into each listed bank account .
tr	7	With the fire directly behind him , he cast a long shadow out in front .
tr	10	When was it , about three years after you got rid of me ? "
tr	11	" I should think they will describe me as ... an Exile .
tr	10	" Ahmad , it is good to see you again , " said Victoria .
tr	8	People were stopped in the streets and searched at random .
tr	10	" Let 's have at it .
tr	8	Their chirping grew into a crescendo as Ted and Melody approached the bird food area .
tr	9	" It 's almost as though someone is escalating .
tr	6	After a few moments , the message bearer drew a deep breath and started his tale .
tr	7	Contrary to her body language , her face was serene , her anger controlled .
tr	7	It 's just the way things were .
tr	8	Cautiously Mal kept himself between his fearsome foe and his charge , patiently parrying blow after blow .
tr	11	He thought she lingered but she appeared nowhere .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the work of this author .
tr	5	" A scout lies dead , just ahead . "
tr	7	Then , abruptly , the air around them opened like curtains revealing a dark , red world beyond .
tr	8	He was waiting for Manuel , and Manuel was not coming .
tr	6	Gabriel , it 's not about the money !
tr	7	He pulled out a silenced Ruger .22 and pointed it at the man .
tr	5	Tsubasa , obviously in his element , took the lead .
tr	9	It had two feet -- Kai could tell that much -- and it was not a deer or a lynx .
tr	7	Helen 's fingers flew across the keyboard , and a moment later , she looked up .
tr	8	For the first time in a while she sank a few vodkas and watched Danny owning stage and audience .
tr	10	The trial had been open to the public , a fact Phillip wouldn 't compromise on .
tr	10	" Sir , your daughter was gracious enough to invite us to your fine home .
tr	10	He tried to rise , but his body decided not to obey him , and he fell back down again .
tr	6	" One of us is in the wrong place . "
tr	10	He knew what Sidney was going through and he also knew what Dan Jansen was going through .
tr	6	The priest stood up , his black robe ballooning out around his plump middle .
tr	9	Another way -- there has to be another way !
tr	8	He shouts excitedly , turning it over in his hands .
tr	8	' If you don 't release me right now , the First Council will hear of this ! '
tr	9	Everyone knows if they break my rules ... the consequences are ruthless and certain . "
tr	9	She wiped her hands on a dishtowel tucked into her waistband .
tr	8	A professional security organization must be one of those resources .
tr	7	It might be a coincidence , but I doubt it .
tr	7	We made our way unsteadily across the uneven floor and crawled into the space beyond .
tr	11	Sally shrugged -- she didn 't believe Preston had just pegged it .
tr	11	I cannot tell you what a day I have ahead of me today !
tr	11	I remarked , " Sam better be careful , they 'll make you mayor if you don 't watch out . "
tr	8	I 've gotten numerous letters and telegrams from him these last few weeks .
tr	7	It streamed along the sides of my face .
tr	11	The weather gods had decided to be kind , holding off the predicted snowfall .
tr	10	" Why are these people so happy to see us ?
tr	7	" Just something terrible bad , that 's for sure .
tr	7	After the conversation with the doctor , Toni completed her domestic chores and then drove to Memorial Hospital .
tr	7	He leaned over and kissed his mother on the cheek .
tr	9	It was sitting at a very strange angle , however .
tr	11	The image hooked her distracting the force of the next piece of bad fortune .
tr	5	" No you 're not , " said Bryony .
tr	11	She had missed the coming of the cat and it was her fault Noah was in danger .
tr	6	Cade said , a small smile on his face answering hers .
tr	6	" You don 't want this life . "
tr	9	Cars in the lower decks were spilling out the front opening , disappearing into the water .
tr	9	I 'll deal with the horses on the morrow as the good man suggests . "
tr	5	' Don 't , ' I said coldly .
tr	8	The one in the barn on the stalls ? "
tr	11	Let no one hear you say that .
tr	9	Trained airmen would have fixed the problem half awake and hung over .
tr	7	Her collar and cuffs were starched , and not a single hair escaped from the comb on her braided coronet .
tr	8	He would take her and make her his .
tr	8	Elaina seized the web in her mind , took hold of it and lifted .
tr	10	There is a freshness in the airs , a welcome bloom to these tired lungs . "
tr	6	" I have an idea , " she lied , " but let 's not rush into things .
tr	9	" So , where to after Grasmere ? "
tr	6	" Right here , just a few stitches , then tie the whole thing together with a loose stitch .
tr	10	That 's what made me curious .
tr	9	She was once again the head strong , confident girl I knew all too well .
tr	11	" You 're lucky they even had any that big , " Josie said .
tr	8	Something to do with me ?
tr	7	Even in summer , their peaks and upper slopes were still white with snow .
tr	10	Even at this distance , Melody could plainly see that something was very wrong with the helicopter .
tr	9	A grin to eclipse all others spreads across Ganondorf 's face as he stares into his palm .
tr	10	He inquires , leaning closer as her voice trails off .
tr	8	Simon got to know everyone very quickly .
tr	10	He had often been alone before but never had he felt lonely .
tr	10	He realized he never learned what her name was .
tr	8	" What is that supposed to mean ? "
tr	7	What is wrong with you ?
tr	11	I loved being the first in the large room , enjoying the company of the masterpieces on the wall .
tr	8	Lisa looks at the chamber then swings her legs off the cold recovery table , wincing as her knee joints actuate .
tr	8	Let 's go , you have some work to do . "
tr	8	He gestured her to carry on .
tr	5	" Wherever you went , it was not the Deeps . "
tr	8	In the meantime my brother and I left school but continued learning engineering and business . '
tr	11	I nudged Kaylin in her mind to push him .
tr	9	He didn 't want to be indiscreet .
tr	9	Connor solemnly grabbed his bag and walked to the elevator never taking his eyes off of Billy .
tr	11	Meatball knew it was there long before we did . '
tr	10	" Look at this little whip , " he said and started flicking Ricky with it .
tr	6	Two slowly moving fans moved the air .
tr	9	" There are only certain plants and roots I will gather .
tr	8	The meek flicker of torchlight over the drawbridge is his destination .
tr	9	Wounded Eagle came forward and passed through the parallel rows of post into the entrance of the village .
tr	11	Do you like to dance ? "
tr	8	It has to be done .
tr	10	I should 've known it couldn 't last .
tr	11	She assumed that meant it had worked .
tr	8	I am walking through a forest , and the trees are falling down after me .
tr	6	" Lovely , and your father was so dashing , and elegant , and sexy ! "
tr	8	Her focused , maniacal determination worked to blot out the other thing .
tr	8	" Siobhan thinks they 're still serving .
tr	7	How may I be of assistance ? '
tr	5	" Now , now , Will , " replied Martie again , joking .
tr	11	Claire glanced over to where Beth and Chloe were playing charades and giggling .
tr	10	The Swiss soldiers had been moved to hold the bridges .
tr	8	The boss 's face melted into an admiring but nevertheless condescending smile .
tr	8	She took a leather halter off the hook in front of the first stall .
tr	7	" Well whatever they told them , it 's working .
tr	5	" Oh , God , Clay , I really did it this time .
tr	11	Being a scientist , William knew it typically took thousands of such experiments to make a breakthrough .
tr	10	John and Elaine 's husband to be joined the girls .
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	6	He 's a nice young man ... " " Mama , stop it .
tr	9	" Yeah , I guess you 're right , " Ted paused and thought for a moment more .
tr	10	The rain began again as if to underscore the point .
tr	9	Either way there was going to be trouble .
tr	9	The challenges you will face will be great , and the loss even greater .
tr	8	She carried a knife and two bottles of Côte de Rhône .
tr	9	A quick look to the mountains on their right confirmed they 'd covered a considerable distance .
tr	10	I know what we need to know .
tr	8	" There 's a rumor that you 're not really a Priestess .
tr	7	He growled , taking them .
tr	7	Do you trust me ? "
tr	7	Neil accepted that for the moment .
tr	6	His world was hard and black and scorched , the most forsaken , desolate wasteland anyone could envision .
tr	11	Sofia smiled and whispered back , " Do you want me to be your bridesmaid ? "
tr	9	" We 're starting to decorate the Christmas tree .
tr	10	" I 've come to rescue you , " said Bryony .
tr	6	They were solid , hard-working weavers , but thoroughly unimaginative .
tr	6	" Listen , I was wondering , " he started , but paused , seeming a little sheepish .
tr	11	Paul informed them on what he had overheard on the dock .
tr	6	" Come with me , " he said .
tr	11	We are survivors of a war , and I have been looking for your village for days . "
tr	11	Let them know what 's happened . "
tr	8	No living woman could disarm Valerian of the Sisterhood with her bare hands .
tr	9	I paused and carefully considered my next words before uttering them .
tr	11	I 'm glad you 've both finally found it . "
tr	9	Like when the big shaggy one , you know , Orca ?
tr	6	You possess the necessary qualifications , for you are a vampire and you are a rove . "
tr	8	It 's as if Ferdinand wants war ! "
tr	11	Tears would not seem to stop rolling down her pale cheeks .
tr	9	' Does this mean he 's in Switzerland ? '
tr	7	" Woah , those are some big questions , " Mai proclaims , growing somewhat defensive .
tr	10	Woodpecker was confused : " What I am doing here ? "
tr	5	A good big sister , maybe , but I certainly wasn 't a lawyer .
tr	5	Fortunately for them , their greater purity gives them greater power .
tr	9	Well , don 't worry about it until it comes up . "
tr	9	Pete balled his fists and took a step toward Josie , his face showing his anger .
tr	9	" Well , are you going to talk ? "
tr	5	And the loveliest gown , after her wedding dress , she 'd ever owned .
tr	10	" I leave it all in your very capable hands , my dear . "
tr	9	" My lady , I would love to see your country someday .
tr	8	He was asleep much sooner than he expected .
tr	9	Instead , I 'd like to offer a deal , as it were . "
tr	11	We were discussing who would go after him .
tr	11	Closely after that she fell asleep with the bedside lamp on and the book opened .
tr	9	I ducked under the flowered trellises hung over the doorway .
tr	11	I bought all rechargeable as I could charge them from the boats electrical system or solar panels .
tr	10	Kas , what do I do ? "
tr	11	he screamed as he ran the length of the dam , " Incoming !
tr	8	With a powerful grip , Minister Drake clutched my arm , keeping me on balance .
tr	5	" Yeah , poor guy , " said the other .
tr	10	Charlie passed the passports over and Archie had a discrete look , before slipping them into his pocket .
tr	7	You go to your library , I 'll see you at school next term . "
tr	7	I will trust him with my life .
tr	6	" Well you see , Tom , I 'm just super human , " Cody said laughing .
tr	9	It was a slow , steady rain that soaked everything .
tr	11	The people trusted him more and for that he was punished again .
tr	7	" Come on , let me have a go . "
tr	11	" First , you tell us that God wants to punish us .
tr	9	They moved forward on the balls of their feet , making no sound on the sleeping ship .
tr	9	Gan knew part of his irritability stemmed from uncertainty .
tr	6	The sweating animal expert wasn 't giving up .
tr	9	He must avoid revealing its location at all costs .
tr	8	They all died on the way of fever .
tr	7	The Talons could potentially pierce his armor but he could out maneuver the Greyhound easily enough .
tr	5	And for the first time that night he looked truly remorseful .
tr	6	Anyway , they trussed me up and flipped me over .
tr	5	Despite their beautiful faces , their religion , their ceremonies , their charm , vampires were predators .
tr	11	It was that he hoped he was right .
tr	9	That 's what turned me gray .
tr	7	Anna took the diary from my hands and leafed through the last few pages .
tr	11	They knew his father wanted him to be the next War Chief .
tr	11	" I don 't think we want to know . "
tr	8	She let her arms fall back to her sides .
tr	10	She watched as Chase dismounted from the horse , leaving Sofia behind .
tr	8	And it was a relief to dismount .
tr	6	' Just be careful you don 't reopen your wounds . '
tr	9	" Well , " he laughed , " that 'd fix the problem about going home now .
tr	7	He nodded , and we took off through the darkness .
tr	7	Without even realizing it , he was moving into speech mode .
tr	8	Just let them walk into the city ? "
tr	6	" Well , then , could you just tell me it ? "
tr	10	His muffled voice came back , " Yeah , look through the hole under the bottom screw on the light . "
tr	6	I , on the other hand , had been neither .
tr	11	If you think I 'm just being lazy ; don 't worry .
tr	10	Katherine would be wondering why he hadn 't phoned .
tr	8	The whole village was aflame , making the night into day .
tr	10	There had to be a good reason for that .
tr	7	He reached inside his coat and pulled out a gun .
tr	6	A cloak , a mask , and some fine clothes , and he didn 't think twice . "
tr	7	Know that we are here !
tr	8	Across from the green loomed the steeple of the Rump 's only church .
tr	9	Scarborough 's appearance was quite remarkable when compared to the looks that typically accompanied sailors .
tr	6	I just plate up dinners , collect the empties and do the washing up .
tr	10	I said , " An attack , who in the hell they expecting , Drake ? "
tr	10	" Do you have to ask ? "
tr	7	I open the door of the SUV .
tr	5	" Of course , just girl stuff , " Anita said , and then she tensed .
tr	8	Striking him in the stomach , the force knocks him off his feet for a moment .
tr	8	Parnell 's shoulders relaxed as Mary outlined the issue .
tr	7	" You have seen him , right ?
tr	10	There was no reason for anyone to look for Mac there .
tr	7	He regretted it the moment it escaped his lips .
tr	10	I don 't think I can do this . "
tr	10	I took a moment to stare into the fields .
tr	7	His solution was to attack .
tr	7	My once soft black hair was all tangled and without life .
tr	9	It took us less than an hour to get back to Connie and Joyce .
tr	5	" Yes sir , " the officer replies grimly .
tr	9	' We can 't be far from the research facility , ' I said with a frown .
tr	9	She is joining us in the position of my chief advisor , replacing Lord Branden . "
tr	6	But as gorgeous and athletic as he was , we ultimately had different values and goals .
tr	10	The branches tremble and shed pearl curtains of water when I step upon them .
tr	8	He was definitely like his friend but she was still interested over him .
tr	10	He was quick to forgive and move on .
tr	10	" That doesn 't leave much money to run my establishment here in Nevada . "
tr	10	It 's sort of like teleporting in a way , " she admits , uncertain if her comparisons are helping .
tr	7	I just woke up recently ; I took a cab until here .
tr	9	They each looked at him as if he were growing bunny rabbit ears .
tr	9	If Dan doesn 't snap out of his injury soon , we 'll walk to town .
tr	7	Brendan stood up at Finn 's approach .
tr	9	Mark hurried to keep up with her .
tr	10	Look I have to go . "
tr	10	This time , a scream of agony answered my move , but I couldn 't stop to see the results .
tr	7	Sun drizzles through the windows , and I drop into sleep .
tr	6	He lunged forward and let loose an uppercut punch .
tr	7	14 The group was once again reunited in the illuminated room just off the garage .
tr	7	HS units in particular , but also between humans .
tr	10	" And did you or Neil drink any of the coffee ?
tr	9	It felt good to be home .
tr	5	" Here , " Gabe offers his PSP .
tr	9	As soon as the Snake slithered away he ran through the many tunnels yelling for his friends .
tr	9	There were many things she couldn 't fathom .
tr	11	You know what I 'll do to you if you do . "
tr	11	It made him want to punch something .
tr	10	That is what he would find on the mountain .
tr	10	She didn 't know if she was breathing anymore .
tr	7	Only the bartender glanced up from his People magazine and smiled .
tr	9	" She refused to sire his heir , Johnny .
tr	10	I can stay and make you a glass of iced tea , or a juice or something . "
tr	9	He caught the one that Reid tossed at him .
tr	8	Mine was left unfulfilled in life , but perhaps in death I may still realize my responsibility .
tr	10	I would not admit such a thing to anyone besides you , Antonio .
tr	7	This time the noise came from behind them outside the back window .
tr	7	Sofia snatched the canvas , hurriedly dashed out of the room and raced downstairs .
tr	7	Driven by his own determination Zero rapidly set an intricate sequence of internal actions into motion .
tr	9	Lisa 's eyes flutter open and she winces at the throbbing in her head and eyes .
tr	6	My brother down there , Matt , has not answered my calls this week .
tr	11	In the time , we have together we can still pack in a lifetime of living .
tr	11	Amy overheard Betty 's list of reasons not to go ahead .
tr	8	Any idea what I should do ? "
tr	10	Melody tried to curb her enthusiasm and keep her thinking clear .
tr	11	Tom who was going to die .
tr	5	There are other people near .
tr	6	Before I left , the man at the counter added some extra fortune cookies to the bag .
tr	5	" Yeah , " Gabe goes on .
tr	11	" It will be better for you to diagnose their styles . "
tr	10	Most times , she would study the man Roberto from underneath her lashes as she continued with her needlework or reading .
tr	8	Neil frowned and walked over to the parrot 's cage and back again .
tr	10	' We don 't know that we 're signing anything . '
tr	9	How can you be so certain of something that you really cannot know ? "
tr	11	Then , reconsidering , he rationalized to himself , ' What would be the harm ? '
tr	10	Harry wished Scott hadn 't continued talking .
tr	8	They 're in all those packages in the corner . "
tr	7	My palms grew sweaty , and I fiddled with my ponytail .
tr	10	He never imagined that this girl had such inquisitiveness on her .
tr	6	This villa isn 't exactly a shining example , but it definitely reflects the Alberti influence . "
tr	8	VIN 's legs felt like rockets propelling him up .
tr	6	Our eyes connected and for the first time , Alita and I laughed together .
tr	8	" Jesus , this place is bigger than I expected , " Llama observed .
tr	6	Chapter 5 The Mountains ren 't they lovely ? "
tr	5	" Thanks , I simply adore it . "
tr	9	" You 're Hennessy , aren 't you ? "
tr	10	He then noticed a man of European appearance slowly walking towards them .
tr	9	I made a mental note to stay away from him .
tr	11	Her hair put up in an artistic bun with fresh flowers carefully weaved throughout the bun .
tr	8	He brought his .45 up at the last minute , blocking the razor-sharp blade with its barrel .
tr	9	Logan looked at me , but it was Jacob who asked .
tr	10	Landon grimaced at her from the floor , where he knelt picking up his dinner .
tr	5	A girl 's toes are her best weapon !
tr	9	Instead , she cocked her head to the side and wore an expression of curiosity rather than disgust .
tr	7	" Sir , we have pistols but no swords . "
tr	11	At first glance the ring seems to be exhibited like all the other most valuable pieces .
tr	11	Did she tell him it was all in the past , that she was a married woman now ?
tr	6	What else is there to say ? "
tr	9	Noah climbed to the top of the backyard fence and began to walk its length downhill .
tr	7	She forced the tears back and smiled at him .
tr	9	An open plan room with a kitchenette at one end all the furniture cheap and worn ... ... everything tired .
tr	7	' Possibly not the best idea but that was me and Stu 's handiwork . '
tr	9	Was impressed with what I saw .
tr	9	You 've to be kidding , George . "
tr	10	Hilda picked a wedge of beef out of the stew and chewed it down .
tr	9	He walked into the dark living room , clapped his hands twice and the lights came on . "
tr	11	Even as I turned to walk further into the gloom , I felt warm breath on my neck .
tr	11	Who knew how long it would take under the new circumstances .
tr	11	You know what needs to be done .
tr	8	It isn 't a problem of course , but maybe we should put up a small sign . "
tr	7	Adele turned from him and gazed into the fire .
tr	6	" We are not unwanted , nor are we sickly or poor .
tr	10	That was before logic kicked into high gear and I realized no breathing body meant no ice cream money .
tr	9	Have you ever seen a Viking with a helmet like that -- or carrying a bronze sword ?
tr	10	It dulled somewhat as his gaze fell on her , and he looked perplexed .
tr	10	Beyond that sat women at long tables running sewing machines .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	" I put the water on , " she said .
tr	10	He cut the strands of sinew that bound his mother and five other slaves .
tr	5	Banana , mango , and coconut trees hugged a golden , sandy beach .
tr	9	I do have one idea ; our team will be called " Ben 's friends " .
tr	10	He watched Lilly Ann carefully peel back the plastic lid from the coffee can and pull the aluminum lid open .
tr	7	" The bitch is coming to us ! "
tr	7	" Just kidding , " Lilly Ann laughed , " how about this ?
tr	11	They were all , with the exception of Black Scorpion , filled with dread at this announcement .
tr	11	He turned to face it as it hissed loudly .
tr	6	" You have a limited vision and this conversation is over ! "
tr	11	I 'd have to take care of Malcolm myself .
tr	6	The huge man released Neil and raised one massive finger .
tr	11	I said that I would shoot him and let him die . "
tr	6	" I 'll leave it alone . "
tr	9	I looked past Reid and directed a friendly smile at the large bearded man behind the front desk of the cafe .
tr	8	If he returns , I shall have at least one shot at him . "
tr	8	If we stop now , we 're as good as caught .
tr	7	We could run races in here .
tr	11	' I 'm sorry to seem out of sorts , ' Richard said .
tr	9	Mason considered reporting to Helen , but decided to wait .
tr	7	Well , the old detective conceded inwardly and reluctantly , it was possible they knew nothing of it .
tr	10	Coach yelled in my head to pay attention .
tr	6	' No ' he eventually replied , ' Marie is dead . '
tr	6	" That 's alright , " he said gently .
tr	7	There was no secret in that information .
tr	9	Today I choose to put my heart into your hands .
tr	7	I 'm in a terrible mood , an angel mood .
tr	11	I know it 's going to happen .
tr	9	" It 's a term of endearment , Johnny " she replied .
tr	6	You know , a victim alone .
tr	9	He pushed some seaweed to one side to reveal a small creature with bright yellow and black stripes .
tr	11	' You 're not scared of Willow are you ? '
tr	9	After Quinn introduced them , the reporter asked , " Any idea what it is ? "
tr	9	Our job is to get you to a safe location .
tr	8	Cal grimaced , looking down at the river .
tr	11	He spoke with a rough accent that didn 't sound Irish .
tr	5	In time they reached a great wooden gate .
tr	8	Like good little soldiers they lined up in front of the bathroom door to take turns .
tr	6	" Yes , yes : what is it ? "
tr	9	Michael and Ben nodded their heads : " But there 's a lot that we don 't know . "
tr	8	I 've lost my taste for merriment this evening . "
tr	5	After a few rings a very sleepy sounding Mrs. Ellen answered .
tr	11	The wreck had upset his routine , and he figured once it was gone , things would go back to normal .
tr	8	She had found a large supply of loose leaf paper and several ball point pens in the kitchen drawer .
tr	11	" I reckon that means we 're expected . "
tr	7	He caught sight of her pencil .
tr	8	" It 's so very good to see you , sir . "
tr	10	She was getting tired of saying that .
tr	6	Then he pulled a glass sphere from a bag slung across his saddle horn .
tr	7	" I heard a noise in the wardrobe and when they left , I peeked inside .
tr	9	A drawing floated beside him , showing the interior walls of the hangar .
tr	8	The next day , when Woodpecker went to this Doctor , he found him embarrassed , nervous and confused .
tr	6	He was tall and short , muscled and not , dark and light , all men and none .
tr	11	But Etheria had been destroyed before I could take over it . "
tr	9	But really , that wasn 't much to base a relationship on .
tr	7	Weeds spilled out of the cracked pavement and black and red spray paint dripped down the walls .
tr	8	" Now that you mention it ... Yeah , it kind of does actually . "
tr	8	He knew he loved her completely .
tr	7	Reid lapsed into silence and stared out of the window at the passing traffic .
tr	8	The Mountain Visitors Centre was closed for the winter and there would be few casual hikers .
tr	6	Clancy was now fully alert and suggested possible alternatives .
tr	10	Jennings was attached to HQ ' A ' Squadron 22 SAS .
tr	8	" Good that 's all I need to know . "
tr	9	" Leaders are supposed to be questioned !
tr	7	Pushing the vertical blinds to the side , he boosted himself up and went head first into the room .
tr	6	" Mike , this is all very interesting , " she sighed and leaned on her hand .
tr	11	Hal was gazing up in surprise , but at least he seemed to know who she was .
tr	9	They would then make their way up to Butterworth via train and bus .
tr	8	She felt tears welling up in her eyes again .
tr	10	I 'd crossed the centre line and had strayed into the path of oncoming traffic .
tr	8	Actually I thought it was her calling . "
tr	8	As day turned to evening , Ted and Melody ran out of ideas for preparations to make .
tr	6	On the right wall a bunch of hooks held many different bows , arrows , and a couple hunting knives .
tr	9	My helper seemed suspicious at first , and when I 'd left him , he went and notified the constables .
tr	9	He arrived well before she normally left for work .
tr	10	The ' withdrawal ' part was pretty scary but she seems to be over that now .
tr	10	" Because there are too many men at the gate , and I think they 're wearing that seal . "
tr	6	Now he didn 't even recognize his own clothing .
tr	5	" And yet , here we are , " Breeze said .
tr	9	The glare broke as suddenly and unpredictably as the collapse of a wall .
tr	6	But now the words of The Little Engine That Could became slower and more laboured with each passing footfall .
tr	6	" Anger and resentment and jealousy blossomed into bloodshed and rape and murder .
tr	11	The problem is she is not associated with ' Security Services ' and we have taken this whole mess over .
tr	9	The village is a modest example of southern life in Hyrule .
tr	8	What I did discuss with him is the failing Russian space station .
tr	10	When the inspection was completed , the men exchanged a few words and then walked back to where Roberto was standing .
tr	8	He took less than a half turn in his efforts before all were seated .
tr	8	" I need to go and get some clothes now ! "
tr	9	A tiny henhouse stood in the back of the yard , and several hens with brown speckled breasts were wandering free .
tr	6	- She answered shortly , but didn 't stop and went on .
tr	7	You wouldn 't possible ruin me , only yourself .
tr	9	He had examined several of these connections , and now wished he hadn 't .
tr	8	" They brought it up from the black tunnels below the catacombs .
tr	11	- Would you mind to go running together ?
tr	8	With nowhere to run , he finally turns to engage her .
tr	10	" Your father ... " He lifted his eyes , filled with dread and terror instead of his normal stern expression .
tr	5	" We wait , " the first man said .
tr	10	From the bathroom Danny could be heard singing , no doubt into the showerhead .
tr	7	The sun 's welcome rays warmed our hideaway and scattered the worries from the long night .
tr	11	I just hope he can regain control of the airplane before that happens .
tr	6	They moved off into the woods through the night shadows as quietly as a hushed breath .
tr	7	She was hiding behind the bravado .
tr	11	Robbie of course has to be particularly careful as does Dave .
tr	9	said Oskar , his hand fumbling with his musket .
tr	9	I didn 't want to be that girl anymore .
tr	7	" Nevertheless , Steve , we and the pirates are still at war , " declared the ninja .
tr	8	It was about to happen .
tr	9	She gasped and twisted at the touch of his flesh on hers .
tr	8	He caught my eye and my stomach fluttered .
tr	8	For an unguarded moment Rafe 's eyes betrayed a light not unlike the light of battle .
tr	10	Elaina cried , " I won 't leave him to those men , I can save him ! "
tr	7	Neil quickly said good-night to Mana and followed Riki 's example .
tr	6	After a few minutes , she brought her hands together and took a deep breath .
tr	7	Sam said , " Get out-of-the-way . "
tr	7	" You 're in the Fulton Hospital , " she said .
tr	8	Follow it before it grows cold .
tr	10	" I think that 's an incredibly stupid idea , Mike .
tr	8	As I crossed the road towards them , my BlackBerry rang .
tr	8	What are you going to do ?
tr	7	He entered the diner and scanned the booths ; it contained some familiar faces and new ones .
tr	10	One punch each sounds pretty good to me .
tr	8	With a widening grin , she wrote a few more paragraphs of explanation before reluctantly closing the laptop .
tr	7	He gulped and passed his firearm across with a shaking hand .
tr	10	He had started to treat her distantly , as though she had been a stranger .
tr	6	" We 're armed , Mom , " he said .
tr	7	" There 's never any connection to the Faith .
tr	6	I lay my head back down on the pillow .
tr	8	he thought , wandering into the spotless kitchen .
tr	6	But then again , I may not miss them at all .
tr	9	Terry will take your things up while you and I have a drink . "
tr	11	At first she is alarmed but then realizes the adjustments were not only necessary but also brilliant .
tr	10	Desperate to send him on his way , I practically begged him .
tr	10	I just don 't want to deprive you of your own room .
tr	6	" Well , actually they aren 't stars at all but the divine hosts . "
tr	9	He tried to force it down , told himself that it was insane .
tr	8	He thinks it 's necessary .
tr	6	Only the mother of all rock faces in Colorado .
tr	10	I tried to not to stare .
tr	9	" Very good , Sergeant , that is ahead of schedule , " Lisa observes .
tr	11	What really happened with most HMOs were the immediate attempts at cost cutting and the limiting of choice .
tr	11	I was trying to move a muscle from my body , but it refuse to do so , feeling paralyzed .
tr	9	" I used to climb up there with my dad sometimes .
tr	9	The sea was very calm and the waves lapped softly on the side of the boat .
tr	9	They both were seasoned military men who understood each other implicitly .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " she finally said hoarsely .
tr	6	Written on the back , in black felt tip , the words ... .
tr	11	I guess older men consider teenagers to be little .
tr	9	" She should stick to puce , " George responded .
tr	9	Everyone refused to believe the bomb would go off .
tr	8	When they 're not on a mission , the Fox brothers train almost constantly .
tr	7	" You should start a blog , you 've definitely got a way with words . "
tr	6	On my way , I grabbed up my own soda , popped the top , and took a healthy swig .
tr	8	The hall they entered was quite small and cosy and abutted onto the conservatory .
tr	7	He pulled his partner by the sleeve and they both walked out of the gym without another word .
tr	7	She laughed at her own joke and Sarah laughed too .
tr	6	Did she even care about me ?
tr	10	I 'm not sure what I 'm looking for .
tr	10	He suspected he was constantly being sized up .
tr	10	I wasn 't sure if I should have been flattered or offended .
tr	10	Sky slumped in the passenger seat , sleeping after her long day on the sunny beach .
tr	7	" Then by Vana 's harp , she is an aberration indeed , " Henrik said .
tr	8	She was just an inch away from the vault when the Cyclops snorted again .
tr	8	The fourth-grade teacher , Mrs. Buckley , caught us once and we missed a week of recess .
tr	6	That really annoys teachers , " Tommy added .
tr	8	I 've never much liked it - the weight feels wrong to me .
tr	7	She stood with the rifle to her shoulder and aimed at them .
tr	10	There was no sense in running into the dark .
tr	8	Andy said pointing at the screen .
tr	7	I will stay here a bit . "
tr	7	What does a guy like him do in his spare time ?
tr	7	Jimmy was petrified - turned to gray stone .
tr	7	" So you do believe that , " she said , looking him up and down carefully .
tr	7	Her eyes were wide with concern and hesitance .
tr	10	Not until after school starts again , unless they offer babysitting too .
tr	9	It was not the sort of lightning-fast strike that the Grenadiers were known for .
tr	9	Was that too much to ask ? "
tr	5	" Oh , no " said Vivian and Trudy .
tr	9	He turned on to his side on the narrow bed , as if the movement would shut out such thoughts .
tr	10	You 'll know how to beat him .
tr	5	To Matthew , Bax said , " Told you . "
tr	9	" Did he go to Australia looking for work ? "
tr	7	Until 2,000 years ago when Julius Caesar and the Roman legions systematically destroyed the stone circles of ancient Gaul . '
tr	10	Or just forgot to log off .
tr	7	During those days Daniel got a good idea of the animal patterns in the orchard .
tr	10	She did not awake completely , only turned a little and then was again in slumber .
tr	9	Collect your gear and report to drop stations .
tr	7	shouted Scarborough , " Only he would make such a request , I can 't believe him !
tr	9	She didn 't want to betray Nick .
tr	7	He really hasn 't figured the phone out yet .
tr	8	The beetles go faster -- like a human riding a horse . "
tr	9	" I will meat with my boyfriend , how are you ? "
tr	7	He 's up in the far pasture looking for you . "
tr	11	First Adele calmly indicating that his audience with her had finished .
tr	7	' To save Friedrich , ' Bruno replied bitterly .
tr	10	Those papers appeared to be written by reputable scholars .
tr	6	This undertaking was of the highest risk .
tr	6	His eyes cleared and he glanced down the tunnels .
tr	6	" Mom and Dad , a younger brother and an older sister " " I 'm sorry , " Aran whispered .
tr	8	You stopped the tram ; hurting countless people in the process .
tr	7	" I 've got it , pumpkin .
tr	9	We 've got at least a dozen more and the guards are already at their breaking point . "
tr	11	I keep going because I have to .
tr	6	A stiff finger constantly stroked the bracelet on her left wrist .
tr	7	Well she will react to this !
tr	9	Kurt complied , not sure where this was headed .
tr	11	Sarah wagged a warning spatula at him that just made them both laugh harder .
tr	11	She realizes she has to protect the last shield bearers .
tr	7	A royal spirit lives within us , a royal spirit lives within us ! "
tr	10	" Is that supposed to happen ? "
tr	11	" Do you think the curse is true ? "
tr	7	She tried once and ran into the bar on her way up .
tr	8	She looked up , behind her , and saw the two agents drawing their pistols .
tr	8	He accepted the role thrust upon him as leader of the Brothers .
tr	11	Of the three men who Neil had just listened to , the guard had seemed to make the most sense .
tr	9	" That 's the first thing we thought of .
tr	9	Claire didn 't miss the bitterness in her sister 's voice .
tr	8	In fact , the only other school items stored in his locker were two writing books used for the various subjects .
tr	5	" A penniless vagabond , " he taunted .
tr	7	" Young Simon , you must always come across as patient and calm .
tr	7	Mark folded his paper and set it down on the table .
tr	9	The danger from the black creatures would grow the farther south they traveled .
tr	11	Remember how I said to question odd information ?
tr	7	" We won 't take the glasses with us for the time being . "
tr	9	I know the two of them disappeared last week .
tr	7	At the end of the rope was a shiny bell .
tr	9	I 'm going to make it !
tr	11	They followed the right side of the pass looking for a way down .
tr	8	This time , both legs dip through the water as Mai slings him all the way to the large staircase .
tr	7	Their blue lights bounced off the metal sidings of the industrial units .
tr	6	" As you know , Laurel , " he said , " my heart always breaks for my boys . "
tr	6	" It 's a small island , " Riki said .
tr	7	They fear your power , your leadership , your vision .
tr	9	He had been dreaming , but he could remember nothing of that dream .
tr	11	For a moment there was an uncomfortable silence as both men realised how intimate and unrestrained their conversation had been .
tr	9	' Victor 's coming to meet us .
tr	7	But as soon as he approached the animals they disappeared before his very eyes .
tr	8	Your mother 's disappearance forced him to expose his position .
tr	9	The phone rang for several seconds before she recognised the sound as hers .
tr	11	I could feel the engines of my suit , the suit Adam had modified engage and adrenaline rushed through my blood .
tr	9	She deserves a chance ; I don 't care who her parents are .
tr	8	' Did Strauss know that you were an immortal ? '
tr	9	What 's going to happen ?
tr	9	" Stand by for transport in one minute , " a female voice spoke through the ear piece .
tr	7	It was more like business trip after business trip .
tr	5	Are you still under your own grounding or can I see you today ? "
tr	11	I came here to see if they 're still alive . "
tr	8	" You speak to a woman of noble blood . "
tr	7	They slipped inside and were out of sight .
tr	8	Hands gripped my shoulder and I felt his breath against my ear before he whispered .
tr	5	" But one good turn deserves , and , um , all that .
tr	6	" My English is no so good , " said Paco haltingly .
tr	9	" But not everyone has to know that , right Abby ?
tr	9	Until I started to recognize .
tr	10	Linda nodded but didn 't know what to think .
tr	6	The Bastian team leader looked at me with a faint frown .
tr	8	" The defense is not allowed to speak .
tr	6	He nearly killed Harrison and ... " " Is this true ? "
tr	6	Following a brief conversation , Sam and Julie left for their alleged fishing expedition at the nearby lake .
tr	7	" Hey beautiful , " he wrapped his arm around her from behind and kissed her softly on the neck .
tr	10	That was what it seemed to be .
tr	9	He sits up to wrap his arms about her .
tr	9	Frankly , he hadn 't thought them a big deal at the time .
tr	11	Whoever it was had turned into the creek ?
tr	10	The Empress condemning him , the pain he 'd felt as his name had been taken from him .
tr	8	The door to the lab buckles and suddenly tears apart , pieces flying in all directions .
tr	6	" We 're a little busy right now .
tr	8	By this point we had reached the grove along the road .
tr	9	" And if they can 't find you , they can 't stop you , " I finish .
tr	6	Matthew cast a hurried look around and hugged the egg more tightly .
tr	9	" You 've become so pale , you are not ill are you ? "
tr	6	" Are you comfortable ? "
tr	10	My fingers were inches from it when a bullet slammed into the grass next to my hand .
tr	6	Just get out of my way . "
tr	9	" Maggie , we can just get to the coast and back in the time allocated .
tr	7	You have turned into quite the warrior . "
tr	6	The man turned around , and he drew his sword .
tr	11	Well , who better than the group in this room ? "
tr	7	The lights showed up in her goggles as distorted blurs , so she lifted them up onto her forehead .
tr	7	He reached the corner drugstore in no time and pushed through the heavy glass door .
tr	11	Your right Sam has mellowed out considerably from the old days and I 'd hate to see him backslide .
tr	11	I believe they will be a valuable asset to our membership .
tr	6	A yard below , a poisonous brew of human waste , garbage , and chemical runoff bubbles by us .
tr	5	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ " Holy crap .
tr	7	And Michael turned to Sophia with a request : " Can Ben and I go on holiday to the school camp ?
tr	11	Because I want to stay with Hunter .
tr	10	Thankfully , it looked like everyone was in their tents snoring .
tr	11	She laughed , while already moving to lift her shirt .
tr	5	At last he freed a long black coat .
tr	8	Luckily , he had grabbed the right uniform ; Jacob was the same rank as our pestering lieutenant .
tr	9	To Conway 's surprise , Pastor Jones was first to raise his hand .
tr	11	The door opened and Furnace stood , looking into the room without showing any emotion .
tr	8	Atticus took his time and chewed the piece of apple in his mouth before speaking .
tr	8	I don 't expect we did . "
tr	9	Landing upon the central pedestal amongst the sea of unlit torches , the boy expels a well-earned sigh of relief .
tr	11	We shall see what see decides .
tr	10	His eyes settled on a figure , picking its way through the debris to the west of the building .
tr	8	The girl didn 't reply but started closing the heavy oak door .
tr	8	she wailed unhappily , bright red from her collar to the roots of her hair .
tr	7	Simon finally arrived at the town and found a parking space for his bike .
tr	7	Chris raised his finger to his lips and shushed him .
tr	8	She could feel several pairs of eyes on her , willing her on .
tr	9	may I call you Jennie or would you prefer Sergeant ? "
tr	10	The wolves didn 't like to go out on the ice .
tr	9	He could tell they hated him , just because he was foreign .
tr	6	" This endless moping must stop , " she hissed , her face piqued .
tr	10	Roman walked past one of the windows of the study ; he was talking on his cell and frowning .
tr	7	4 out of 5 stars " Thoroughly enjoyable read " " Thoroughly enjoyable read .
tr	8	" What were you thinking , bringing her here ?
tr	8	It brought with it a range of smells .
tr	9	" Don 't you think I 'd stand out a little ? "
tr	8	Michael and Ben ran into the house where their relatives had lived .
tr	5	The little house grew quiet .
tr	8	Her eyebrows raised involuntarily as it hit her .
tr	11	I guess you really did have a trick up your sleeve .
tr	10	" Ask him what he 's looking for , " said Neil .
tr	8	Lewis murmured to quiet him .
tr	6	She raised her arms and it came up even further .
tr	7	" And why did they cover it up with a lie ? "
tr	8	" Are we done here ? "
tr	6	" More like a deep brown , I would say .
tr	8	What good were they at a time like this .
tr	6	" I 'm not stupid , " Amira whispered at her , eyes downcast .
tr	8	The force sent him across the room , through tables and chairs leaving a bloody trail .
tr	7	He turned back to speak .
tr	10	When Calvin remembered his friends he laughed again seeing them huddled together .
tr	8	He rocked back and forth with the train 's movement and seemed oblivious to the surroundings in his exhaustion .
tr	10	Josie never really seemed to be afraid of anything .
tr	6	Before long , Chris felt Sarah 's hand in his .
tr	10	He pushed down the gloom that grew around him with the dusk .
tr	11	" I remember Ryan saying that there was an exercise bike or something .
tr	10	He could see the ATV up against the fence just a few yards further on ... stalled .
tr	6	" What was he doing here anyway ? "
tr	10	Our main objective must be to force the State back to democracy .
tr	10	He sees us as his family now , not as members of the Exiled Kindred . "
tr	9	Was the guy never going to let it go ?
tr	10	He had almost a month before they would be needed , so time wouldn 't be a problem .
tr	10	He had to get to the Empress -- had to get to the Seeker .
tr	10	I am anxious to keep moving .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry for the intrusion " apologised Simon whilst looking forward to seeing his Master .
tr	6	Jonesy got his wish , and so did the whole crew aboard .
tr	10	Unfortunately , they weren 't able to get away from the electricity issue .
tr	8	It was unsure of its own quickness and fighting skill .
tr	8	Layla made herself wait for his nod before continuing .
tr	9	" Why would they leave this out here and not just put a copy or something in its place ? "
tr	9	She turned around the corner and started writing some stuff on the papers .
tr	8	' Yes , ' Tomas Godard replied with more than a trace of satisfaction .
tr	7	She bounded down the path beside him , swinging her arms .
tr	6	I turned my parents into drug addicts .
tr	9	When he returned from the other hill , she was just straightening beside the stream in the draw .
tr	7	Despite herself , Elaina looked into those dark , endless eyes .
tr	10	Do you believe in destiny ? "
tr	9	I 'm all you 've got .
tr	11	In front of them the path opened up to a clear pool surrounded by a wall of greenery .
tr	6	It was quiet but more so than usual this morning .
tr	7	The king normally spent much of his afternoons there .
tr	11	Do you want me to demonstrate ? "
tr	9	Maybe I 'd just jump overboard late at night and have a tea party with Davey Jones .
tr	8	That had to be it .
tr	8	" What if he doesn 't like any of this ? "
tr	6	" Well done , Sky , this is very good . "
tr	6	" That 's a lie , too , " said the man , pointing a finger .
tr	7	Fuchs and Logan had each retreated to their own empty patch in the tall grass .
tr	7	Upon seeing Chris , Bill winked and smiled .
tr	11	Was it really her destiny to die like what her vision foretells ?
tr	5	Three open buttons revealed her delicate skin .
tr	7	" Star is really easy to ride .
tr	7	Even when the Triforce was first separated , they only offered a taste of their power to the recipients .
tr	10	He 'll be more than happy to see you . "
tr	8	asked Beppe after a moment of silence .
tr	11	The feeling was like remembering the taste of your favorite food just before you tasted it again .
tr	9	" You forgot your coat , " Mana said as Miriam danced up to her .
tr	10	Now , I 'm seriously thinking of sending you off to bed .
tr	11	He looked up to examine his progress when something caught his eye .
tr	8	She never once noticed him , so close to her , and he could enjoy her beauty without any disturbances .
tr	8	We can beat them to it if we hurry . "
tr	5	The cylindrical drum exceeded its speed , its metal structure fracturing .
tr	8	" Get away from her , or you 're a dead man .
tr	6	Changing the subject , he asked , " So , are you a doctor ? "
tr	8	Abby looked at me almost crying , I just looked back at her with no reaction .
tr	7	The unused portion of the pumice knot was saved for future use .
tr	7	" Um , my dad gave certain staff the day off to rest . "
tr	10	She didn 't react as Leonard appeared from nowhere .
tr	7	" Do you know it ? "
tr	5	A proud day for everyone in the JP .
tr	6	The air came out of him with a whoosh .
tr	9	I need to get out of here .
tr	9	You might be wondering where your girlfriend is .
tr	8	The address was an apartment located in an old neoclassical building halfway down a quiet cul-de-sac .
tr	9	He 's going to kill me .
tr	10	They seemed to have a lot of mutual friends and acquaintances .
tr	7	" We can go home ... " " No we won 't !
tr	9	Ain 't had a blow like this since ... when was it ?
tr	7	You will also follow our instructions without question or delay .
tr	5	" Yeah , " I say .
tr	11	Only a few moments passed , he was sure , when a sound caused him to open his eyes .
tr	9	At any other time , Simon would have taken a moment and slowed down to scrutinise the recent events .
tr	9	She walked into the living room and sat on the couch pulling her feet under her .
tr	11	" You certainly won 't do anything acting the way you have , like a little savage . "
tr	9	" He doesn 't remember , " Gabe replies , " just that you were gone .
tr	11	Footsteps went past her door -- Simon and Neil had obeyed the order to go their temporary room .
tr	8	He was not afraid of dying .
tr	9	The emotion built in my chest until I yelled , " LIAR ! "
tr	9	Again , the lower foothills would seem to hold the most promise .
tr	7	I 've actually only spent a week in the place .
tr	9	" This has to be my favorite pub , " thought David .
tr	8	The two bikes along with their two surfing riders , locked together as they slid further down towards the base .
tr	11	Jake ran off as he saw one man walking towards him .
tr	7	I said , proud of myself .
tr	9	I looked at Connie and said ; " Feel like making a trip to Pierson . "
tr	8	And you probably have a hairline fracture under that gash in your head ! '
tr	8	I will tear you to pieces , " Maya promises her eyes wild with hatred .
tr	8	Even though it was clearly marked she wasn 't happy hiking solo .
tr	9	I processed it as the doctor sprinted towards his fallen companion .
tr	9	They all went downstairs to wait for the guys .
tr	8	I 'm none of those things -- not perfect , not complex , not precise .
tr	9	" God Almighty , has ' e passed out ? "
tr	8	No time to dwell on that now , he thought .
tr	10	You 've been here in Bolivia for a really long time . "
tr	10	" I 'm truly sorry I was late getting back . "
tr	9	Drew answered , " But we believe there was such a person .
tr	9	The years in hiding with her nursemaid were life altering .
tr	10	Claire realised how ungrateful that sounded .
tr	8	" He won 't get away with this , " said the man , his words slow and forceful .
tr	8	I didn 't mean to pry . "
tr	9	" Any idea what happened to those two ? "
tr	10	I knew I had to leave .
tr	7	' It 's a rather delicate matter , I 'm afraid . '
tr	7	She crammed another patty in her mouth and chewed .
tr	9	he asked as he stepped out of the truck .
tr	7	That doesn 't sound like fun . "
tr	9	Would you like to ask the questions or answer them ? "
tr	9	" Is it hard to do ? "
tr	5	" All right then , full speed ahead , I guess .
tr	8	I rolled , my heart thudding against my ribs .
tr	10	She knew she needed to fight .
tr	9	Most of mankind has been too busy looking for heaven elsewhere .
tr	5	" Fine , your reasons are your own .
tr	10	Would we need to travel from city to city , watching over our shoulders ?
tr	5	The one with ' Restrooms ' on the sign above it . "
tr	8	" They found the homeless guy ' bout a quarter mile up the trail . "
tr	10	And what did that have to do with me ?
tr	7	My feet felt rooted to the ground .
tr	6	" Breathe for me , " he said and closed his eyes forever .
tr	9	You 're invited over for dinner at my place any time . "
tr	11	It was time to stop being afraid .
tr	6	Chris walked over and gave her a kiss .
tr	11	I always had to pack for my men , of course .
tr	11	They were still some distance from the edge of the forest when they heard a snapping and crashing behind them .
tr	9	He blew the money on girls and pot and later went on to join the CIA .
tr	10	Reggie became the public voice of the Jackson Purchase ; even though he wasn 't really officially in charge of anything .
tr	6	" I can 't , " I said , " my blisters . "
tr	8	He would have planned for this .
tr	8	" Would you care to sit down ? "
tr	8	And if he points his grubby little finger back this way , innkeeper , you 're dead .
tr	5	" Sex , drugs and rock and roll . "
tr	9	He shot Brand a stern look and handed him the scroll .
tr	11	he said as he looked out through the glass front of the lobby .
tr	7	" Make haste , " Joe Jack said as the first raindrops fell .
tr	7	But before his goblet reached his mouth , a knifed grazed through his neck and knocked the goblet from his hands .
tr	9	Drake clung to his ear ; pain seared through his face , a short cry escaped his lips .
tr	9	I have friends in Canada but what remains of my family is in Australia .
tr	6	' Yeah , but he always cancels the milk , ' he replied .
tr	8	Claire turned her head at the unexpected sound of Sky giggling .
tr	8	What had happened to Aimee ?
tr	9	Sofia let the princess walked before her .
tr	10	If this is something we may accomplish with the least amount of danger , so much the better . "
tr	6	" Today you get your chance on city streets .
tr	8	He studied his knife , staring at the honed edge , touching it from time to time .
tr	5	" Goodbye , Jericho Johnson , " the apparently female voice chimed in .
tr	8	He glanced at the old guy , nervously , and his hand closest to the offered knife twitched .
tr	11	" Kiwis love doing anything that makes the pulse race .
tr	7	They rolled up the bloodied rug and threw it in the van .
tr	7	Nothing could escape the chamber and its heavy blast door .
tr	8	Her arms dropped to her sides , seemingly lifeless from the abuse they had taken .
tr	9	I could try to do something .
tr	10	I , or rather we , were wondering if you 'd heard anything . "
tr	10	I heard Trudy ask as Phillip and I reentered the conversation .
tr	10	" He 's a chimpanzee Barney used in one of his first commercials about forty years ago .
tr	9	" Is this the day you gon na kill Ethel ? "
tr	8	Dad had strict orders -- no talking in the rafters .
tr	8	They asked me , from where I am .
tr	10	I flipped on the light and in front of us was something far more valuable than drugs or money , food .
tr	6	Anatole and Bruno appeared behind him through the clearing haze .
tr	8	What do you wan na do ? '
tr	9	Determined to make him break .
tr	5	" Gibbs , not tonight , I 'm tired . "
tr	9	We slid into the shadowy recesses next to the windows .
tr	10	He found himself in his bedroom looking into his full length dressing mirror .
tr	9	We entered the boiler room in a thick cloud of plaster dust , broken bricks and metal fragments .
tr	8	They made their way to the southern edge of the small plateau .
tr	6	He squeezed Taylor 's shoulders .
tr	8	Even with his long legs , he barely caught up with her by the time they reached the house .
tr	8	After he finally put down his mug Hunt glanced around the table a bit embarrassed .
tr	6	" What ails you ? "
tr	7	" Will we catch many crabs , do you think ? "
tr	9	Ted eyed the pack for a moment more , considering a change of action .
tr	11	he asked , guessing at what we were all thinking .
tr	9	" Fuchs was sure to snip off the loose ends .
tr	7	They had taken up positions around the house .
tr	11	She really didn 't know where to start with Vivien .
tr	6	My hand more than stung , it burned and I held my sobs again .
tr	11	All she could remember was him clinging to the shapeshifter 's leg in the elevator , telling her to run .
tr	10	Sheik mouths , recognizing the essence of a Goddess when she sees it .
tr	5	Chapter 33 " Still with us , are you , Jack ? "
tr	7	He took the keys from her and unlocked the driver 's door .
tr	9	he shouted as he shook the bound man like a rag doll .
tr	8	When she finally focused she saw Andy smirking at her , munching his toast .
tr	10	She really didn 't want to think about Alfred now .
tr	11	We can 't wait to see you and Amy on the day .
tr	8	" Wes , that ship looks like it 's still moving . "
tr	8	That helped take some of the edge off his disappointment .
tr	6	" Now come on , we all need food , and so does the car . "
tr	10	He would have time to look at it later .
tr	7	Reid inhaled slowly and blew smoke rings towards the ceiling .
tr	8	They started to walk off .
tr	8	" We are running out of time , " Dresden says aloud .
tr	10	You ought to practice writing it .
tr	10	" Sidney told me they 've been down there five years . "
tr	6	" I do , but ... I can 't , " he said .
tr	6	A bright , full moon emerged above the horizon into a cloudless sky .
tr	8	They were all saying the same thing , they either hadn 't been involved or they weren 't to blame .
tr	6	" This week S3 rescued a high value computer scientist from a hostile environment . "
tr	9	CHAPTER THREE Several hours later , the stone man reached the distant fire he had seen .
tr	7	He turned and walked to a nearby closet door and opened it .
tr	8	Whist Calvin and Danny waited , Raphael climbed the steps to the back of the stage to his drums .
tr	5	" No , it doesn 't , " Anders , the cop , said .
tr	8	' Have you two met before ? '
tr	10	It 's as though I 'd drained the blood from her .
tr	10	Russia had fallen too far and too fast to ever be more than a second-rate player .
tr	8	Nora also joined them and together the two couples watched the harbour coming closer .
tr	6	" Maybe he only likes his own kind , " one of his brothers reasoned .
tr	11	She was not Ascended but that did not matter -- she believed in him , supported him .
tr	8	' Here , I believe this is yours . '
tr	9	The briefest of visions spikes through the Princess ' mind the moment he passes by .
tr	10	Dane looked at her , " What is your name ? "
tr	5	Next time I won 't miss . "
tr	9	He raised the second rock high in the air , and brought it crashing down on the Soul Catcher .
tr	11	" I like to wear loose clothes when I sleep , " a perturbed Carlos replied .
tr	5	But by God , I was so scared ! "
tr	9	She points out , staring him in the eyes as he hesitates .
tr	7	The next thing he knew , his own sword were on his throat and behind him was Snow , smirking .
tr	8	She was wiped out , barely keeping herself together .
tr	8	Raven was the first to rise .
tr	6	Instead , down below , a thick , dark pool churned ominously , belching fat bubbles and noxious fumes .
tr	9	Lucas reached up and pushed his hat back on his head , not sure where to begin .
tr	7	They were in commercials together all the time .
tr	9	Angels kill by absorbing a victim 's energy .
tr	10	" Okay , you bitch , let 's see what you 're made of . "
tr	9	' Everything ' looks like about $ 30,000 and possibly a little from the sale of the house .
tr	7	The fingers make a soft circle behind my right shoulder and then take another lap .
tr	10	It was so much more effective to deal only with facts .
tr	8	He glanced back at her for a moment , struggling between thick branches .
tr	9	" We are within thirty feet from the space station , " said VIN .
tr	5	" Only two more hours and twenty minutes , " he eagerly told himself .
tr	7	Actually that wasn 't so far from the truth .
tr	9	Abruptly his deer reeled its front legs up almost flinging John onto the ground .
tr	7	They ran from it at first , but then got more curious .
tr	7	" I 'm here , are you available ? "
tr	6	" He seems a little naïve , Brother . "
tr	7	" Mom , I am fine , I just arrived .
tr	9	The jet screamed down the runway as the sobs and tears transformed into weeps and gasps .
tr	11	After pondering it a while , he recalled something else , and a smile did begin to bloom on his face .
tr	9	" So the best course of action is to wait here for the aliens ? "
tr	9	Within a few powerful strokes he arrived to where Katherine 's pretty feet awaited .
tr	6	Zia 's brothers , Damien and Dwarf , are rarely ever at the Mayfair house anymore .
tr	6	" Yeah , and you give gifts and light a menorah , " said Duke .
tr	9	Trying to regain momentum , Steve dropped to one knee whilst kicking the other leg up towards Simon 's crotch .
tr	10	The rough wood structure was built in a huge square , standing on a wooden deck mere inches from the ground .
tr	9	" I told you it wasn 't enough , " a harsher male voice replies .
tr	8	You fought bravely , " she adds , but even so the boy is unresponsive .
tr	5	" Listen , Mark , you and I are the planners .
tr	6	The agent doubled over , the wind knocked out of him .
tr	7	Large balls of entwined twigs swung from her ears , and a delicate silver band hung loosely from her neck .
tr	8	Rapidly gaining speed , Link realizes this is it .
tr	7	Having bathed their fill , the tramp , dog and snake formed themselves into a line like happy and contented soldiers .
tr	7	The closet filled with towels and sheets was too small .
tr	10	She needed to stop doing that .
tr	9	Who was to know anyway ?
tr	6	It is a far more serious thing . "
tr	7	A couple of years later , he saw action in Korea .
tr	8	Cade laughed , which only made her stare the more .
tr	6	Medical and psychological records , family histories , and political nuances are thoroughly scrutinised .
tr	6	You must be mistaken ! "
tr	11	Before she could tell whether it was welcome or not , the pressure was gone .
tr	5	" It fully regenerated , " Mark said solemnly .
tr	11	To be faced suddenly with losing that friendship he felt a good deal of regret .
tr	10	She gathered herself , and set off downstairs to find the healers .
tr	9	" Got it , " Dr. Stadler replied , carefully sucking up the blood and debris from the abdominal cavity .
tr	6	At the top both boys swung a leg over and balanced .
tr	11	She leant against the counter and chewed her lip while the woman called through to check .
tr	10	I 've no room for him , and no obligation to feed him .
tr	8	They walked under the shade of a large sycamore , away from the servants .
tr	10	Oh crap she 's gone all school teacher on me .
tr	11	Are you interested in buying books ? "
tr	10	Branden was looking at him , watching him rub his aching temples .
tr	7	She blinked out of my head like a switch and I turned to her , watching .
tr	11	They know that those who are not sold are discarded in this process .
tr	10	We said we 'd play the single after Come Around .
tr	6	Then , almost simultaneously , their gaze swept the scene around them .
tr	11	' I imagine saying band names to cool girls in bars . '
tr	10	I just wished I knew why .
tr	5	My name is Dr. David Warner .
tr	9	He could just imagine his father 's face when he heard the news .
tr	8	" You accusing me of being stupid ? "
tr	8	We are the best of the best , che .
tr	6	And so should you , he thought .
tr	8	Andy moved the cursor arrow to an icon on the left of the screen .
tr	7	The shapes of two cars became visible , two BMW X5 Sports Activity Vehicles and two men were waiting for them .
tr	10	He looked at it in amazement and tried to call out to George .
tr	6	" Teel , " the woman said , in a deep , throaty voice .
tr	9	It was Finan 's voice breaking the silence , its timbre challenging .
tr	10	" There isn 't , " she confirms , desperate to course the boy to work up the nerve .
tr	7	" Please at least tell me what 's going on . "
tr	6	Eventually , the sun had dipped , and blackness fell .
tr	10	Tsubasa , feeling a little wounded , didn 't quite want to let it drop .
tr	9	Rand turned to find the boy standing at his elbow .
tr	6	Melody 's scent and Ted 's movement had stimulated the zombie .
tr	6	Grabbing the shelf , she pushed it to the ground with surprising strength .
tr	9	Conway said , " I believe the answer 's in that air pump .
tr	5	With his uninjured hand Jace drew out a second seraph blade .
tr	7	Her dance is still powerful and fitting , but the tone is no longer sexual .
tr	10	" Tell me what else I should know of your drums . "
tr	8	he cried once more as he reached us .
tr	7	Before he could attack , a large burst of energy flawed out of me , glowing red and yellow .
tr	5	" Such a beautiful afternoon , " she thought , " so peaceful . "
tr	9	Ward sunk deeper into the chair , relaxing as fate began to take its course .
tr	11	" That not be the answer we come fer , " the man in the middle said .
tr	8	you answer every time , ' It never entered my mind . '
tr	10	Unable to carry on she sighed .
tr	7	Like someone said ... ... never take a knife into a gun fight ! "
tr	10	They can 't simply abandon their lives to come chase us down .
tr	5	Power , irrigation , consumables , service ways , elevators , disposal systems , and many others .
tr	6	He looked at the items .
tr	9	It was still pitch black outside , the bedside clock reading just after 3.00 am .
tr	9	Raphael shifted and sighed , ' It 's okay -- not great . '
tr	8	" She was around us all the time , but it didn 't glow , " Daniel said .
tr	9	He said standing to leave .
tr	5	" Now , John ... " Sarah said .
tr	10	It was as if he had stepped into another world .
tr	9	Veins twitched along the side of his forehead and his face had become a dark shade of red .
tr	10	Are you going to call ? "
tr	7	Without British or American military might for protection , New Zealand was vulnerable to a similar invasion .
tr	6	At her scowl , he continued , " She nearly killed me - " " Truly you exaggerate . "
tr	7	Less than a minute later , he looked up .
tr	9	" I just wanted to make amends , " he managed through his parched throat .
tr	6	My daughter , Link sought me out just last night .
tr	9	If he had expected the two Exiles to cower , however , he was gravely disappointed .
tr	10	Logan , regardless of his faults , was one of the most patriotic men I knew .
tr	6	" Sure , anything , " Michael said without hesitation .
tr	10	Mohammed was pacing in front of Alfred 's desk .
tr	7	Much to his surprise , she nodded .
tr	9	" That Woman wants me to wear black , and I 'm not going to ! "
tr	7	It cracked his ribs and lifted him off his feet .
tr	10	This was something that could ruin everything .
tr	6	With his mane braided , she almost looked like a war horse .
tr	6	Later that morning there came a phone call for Penny Sullivan .
tr	10	He moved in but she held his face from hers .
tr	10	" Are you going to tell us something now ?
tr	7	He leaned his head back and said , " But I 'm here now . "
tr	6	Missy stopped her horse and held up her hand .
tr	9	he bellowed , lamenting the reality of the office .
tr	7	" James , Valentine 's Day is a month away , " he said .
tr	7	It clattered across the deck , slipped beneath the iron railing , and splashed into the water below .
tr	10	The thoroughfare the Doctor called the Street of Festivals was lined with townhouses separated by small gardens .
tr	11	There aren 't many people who are sympathetic to our cause . "
tr	11	What could be imagined as their mouth opened and soft moans began to emanate .
tr	9	They seemed to absorb the room and bore into him .
tr	6	" No , my Lord , I haven 't , " she said , her enthusiasm tempered .
tr	8	Harold didn 't much care for it himself , but it was better than the alternative .
tr	8	Jones and Carter inched backward on their buttocks to the center of the circle .
tr	11	There , he saw a woman dressed in black , like Lace , except her outfit was significantly more revealing .
tr	10	Pulling into the parking lot of the gun club he was able to find a spot close to the clubhouse .
tr	11	" I sent Camden back there to practice , " Mal stated absently .
tr	11	" Monsters like you is why I exist , " I stated as I readied my pistols .
tr	9	Look south for the eye of the hawk . "
tr	7	He made his way to the elevator , moved down between the floors , and then started through the lobby .
tr	7	The other man wrinkled his brow in concentration , and a single bead of perspiration coursed down these grooves .
tr	10	It will take our partners an hour to help us on and off with our suits .
tr	5	" Me too , " Jimmy said .
tr	10	' You mean he 's the one in the picture ? '
tr	11	Ted wasted no time in going to check it out .
tr	7	She snapped her head and fixed me with a vicious glare .
tr	11	Now what was she going to do ?
tr	8	Charlie 's men slipped down the alley to the back of the shop .
tr	10	" It shall be in fine company that I make my first journey to its feet . "
tr	9	He said , " I 'd say dress down sir . "
tr	7	With a terrible hiss , her eyes - all of them - suddenly flash bright crimson .
tr	9	With the fall , I 'd angled my sheathed saber in line with my legs .
tr	8	Donovan moved over to the window to look out .
tr	9	" Go back and find something to wrap poor Devon in , " he said to his son .
tr	7	Neil stepped out of her way and shook his head .
tr	6	" And how did you reach that conclusion ? "
tr	10	He might have to get rid of him .
tr	10	I hear the soft sucking of boots pulling away from mud .
tr	9	Although the projectiles embedded in the earth and exploded , their destructive intention would not be denied .
tr	10	" Want to know why ? "
tr	9	We had a lot to talk about that evening . "
tr	9	I hope he snaps out of it soon .
tr	6	" That 's the one , " the sheriff confirmed .
tr	10	I 'm very pleased to meet you Abby .
tr	10	I HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL YOU .
tr	9	" Do you remember how muscles work ? "
tr	9	You are a life giving phenomenon for this community . "
tr	6	" Oh Jessie , you don 't mean -- " " Ma , let 's all go .
tr	8	Both men on the other side of the desk rolled their eyes in horror .
tr	11	Life at Silver Glen was pleasant we had been alone except for the visits from Sam and Joyce .
tr	8	We will cross the mouth of the valley before the sun rises .
tr	9	Fire Cub said , " No , you can 't feel it , but it is there .
tr	8	He turned towards his mother and held out a hand towards her , then dropped it to his side .
tr	7	" You pointed out Athens to me about an hour ago . "
tr	7	As I looked down , the water continued the gentle burbling of its slow passage below me .
tr	6	" Just fine , I 'm doing fine . "
tr	7	" Hello 007 , and friends , " said William , joining the party from his lab .
tr	8	" I see I am not mistaken .
tr	10	Out of options , he decides the simplest course is his best chance for a successful attack .
tr	7	" Thank you , " said William , snapping out of his daydream .
tr	6	" Down two balconies ... " He pointed over the edge to the balcony below us .
tr	7	This input was also a type of real-time ongoing census .
tr	9	Sometimes all you have left is your instincts to act on .
tr	7	I saw his dripping blood , and I couldn 't dispel the dark thoughts .
tr	9	" What about ... " and here I make my voice all breathy and romantic , " Francesca ? "
tr	11	" It wouldn 't have been well hidden if you had , " he said with a chuckle .
tr	9	Look what comes of all this supposed ' doing good ' !
tr	9	He might need to follow it later .
tr	9	Finan gazed up at him , his indignation taking away the power of speech .
tr	10	He leaned forward and pressed his face into my hair , then he dropped his head and tried to kiss me .
tr	11	Baran 's gon na take care of it . "
tr	9	But know that judgment will be swift .
tr	8	" What are you talking about , Old One 's ? "
tr	9	What had his fiancée said ?
tr	6	" Sorry , that last stunt took a lot out of me . "
tr	7	The details of Alfred 's final two years , including his death , remained private .
tr	7	he asked shaking his head .
tr	9	Anyway , just as Lucas knew she would , she ended up pregnant , with no idea who the father was .
tr	8	even if he is in Brunei . "
tr	7	' Spartan , ' I shouted , ' you 'd better take a look at this . '
tr	7	" Whiskey , my good man , if you please , " he announced pleasantly to the bartender .
tr	10	Nobody on Earth knew or realized that there were two shuttles up there .
tr	8	" At least we 're getting something done down here . "
tr	7	Keeping my window down , the cold slipstream freshening me up I drove into the dawn .
tr	6	" Just relax " , she changed her look from me to the sea .
tr	9	No doubt that is why the Empress selected me for this mission .
tr	10	He thought all that would sort itself out .
tr	9	If I will give up on my project , I can say bye to my future .
tr	9	I was stunned at the speed of events .
tr	11	Dogs , domesticated not wild , circled their masters , begging every passersby to pet them .
tr	5	" But what else could I do ?
tr	6	" I 'm right here , " I say to him .
tr	7	Toby had been eighteen , his first winter free of the sickness , his first winter not under the club .
tr	8	Alejo needed to kill time .
tr	11	Iris shrieked , helpless to assist in the struggle .
tr	7	" TJ , this is Rachel , Rachel ... " " Somers , " the woman added calmly .
tr	9	" I was sealed inside for two days before someone found me . "
tr	8	Whisper travelled to the airport to meet his replacement .
tr	7	Tommy peered around the blue branches and watched .
tr	8	" The river is full of quarry , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	7	" You touch me again and you 'll regret it ! "
tr	11	I spied another door at the rear of the room before turning my attention to the rest of the extensive space .
tr	8	He spoke as much English as I speak Polish .
tr	11	" Whether you decide to take my advice or not Jansen is up to you .
tr	8	Noah knew he was pinned .
tr	8	I can embarrass them into cooperating .
tr	9	I can only see the back of his head , but I imagine his face is grim and determined .
tr	9	He sensed it would be soon though .
tr	10	He continued looking at the monument with pride .
tr	10	And may the Spirit of the Wolf watch over you in battle .
tr	8	Utilizing Rift 's body like a hammer , Mai slams him downward , his fist hitting the blob with incredible force .
tr	8	Through the dim passages , stealthy figures began stealing , like disembodied shadows .
tr	9	" Let me tell you about my vacation a few years ago .
tr	6	Male : very tall , shoulder length red hair , dark skin , muscular .
tr	10	Turning his head and dropping his shoulder , he managed to grasp the IV line with his teeth and pulled .
tr	7	He then took the camera from Jessica and sealed it up in the bag , purposely avoiding eye contact .
tr	8	There was a hiss from the imp , and a low laugh .
tr	8	The lights went out , and The Hub was plunged into darkness .
tr	11	Amy learnt Barbara 's parents had hit the roof and insisted on an abortion .
tr	11	" I think I 'll go shave this beard off , " Peter said casually .
tr	8	Marlon seemed to choke a snarl .
tr	5	~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ Phil exclaims , " Two days ! "
tr	10	I 'm sure he will find us . "
tr	7	Huge branches spread out from the trees , covering a tremendous area .
tr	5	" What the devil is it ? "
tr	8	' Tough it out , ' her dad always said , and tough it out he always did .
tr	9	Mai shouts again as the iron knuckle finally plucks its axe from the earth .
tr	6	Taylor looked out over the river deep in thought .
tr	10	" You really ought to watch your mouth , Joe , " Ted said boldly .
tr	7	She stood and slung her backpack over her shoulder .
tr	5	Moments later , Cobb phrased it differently .
tr	6	Soon , just not soon enough for Mac , they would be back together .
tr	7	" Jennie it is then , " he said , " call me George . "
tr	9	Mark wanted to punch the telepath right in the face .
tr	7	During high school back in Bolivia , the girls were more interested in his whiter , richer friends .
tr	6	He didn 't fight back .
tr	11	What if she 's the one who 's disappointed ?
tr	6	Punishment in school led to punishment at home .
tr	10	The air escaped my lungs and I watched as it scurried up to the surface .
tr	5	" It , uh , isn 't my strong suit . "
tr	10	' My dear , as much as I dislike admitting it , Victor 's right , ' said Tomas .
tr	6	The higher the sun climbs the greater our peril . "
tr	8	And the cell phone went dead for a second , until it rang again .
tr	9	It is probably ten times the dowry Shireen 's father seeks .
tr	11	I gripped the bench to stop the shaking in my arms .
tr	7	asked Jenn , intuition she thought .
tr	8	The big man knelt down in front of him .
tr	5	" It 's our job .
tr	8	Rift asks , perplexed by the conflicting concepts .
tr	9	" How pleasant to see you .
tr	10	" I hope I never grow as bitter as you , " Brand said .
tr	11	As to catching him ... that I will not promise , for it is a different matter entirely . "
tr	9	She clawed at the sand and crawled away from the plane as fast as she could .
tr	9	The morning certainly wasn 't a whole lot of fun for the new king either .
tr	7	" You really did slay a dragon by yourself - you had killed the mother . "
tr	6	The wounded man glanced at me in a daze .
tr	9	" You didn 't worry about hitting John ? "
tr	7	Catching at the door frame , she swiped the plastic card and cursed at the red light .
tr	8	I 'm still not convinced about the mother thing , but perhaps kids aren 't as awful as I once thought .
tr	5	Finally , like all the others , I said , ' No more . '
tr	6	" Figures , " Jack said , " No respect for the gay Jewish black dude . "
tr	8	she hissed , unwavering before the Pirate .
tr	7	Tilting on my hills , I swerved out of the way and placed all my weight into my left leg .
tr	8	Whenever possible they stopped more for water than for gas .
tr	7	After a long bath the smell of the mare still wafted off the skin of her thighs .
tr	8	" Good god no honey , I 'm invested with just as much spirituality as anybody .
tr	7	Check the older wounds too -- make sure they 're healing . "
tr	8	Peyton focused on my leg , his hands gentle but confident .
tr	11	" Good enough to want a slice of your chocolate cake , Suzi .
tr	10	This homecoming had to happen on his terms , or it couldn 't happen at all .
tr	6	" She 's actually taking it pretty slow tonight . "
tr	9	Our most important job just now is to find Kate and the kids .
tr	11	There was nothing to do except follow .
tr	11	The nagging question was , How far north will we get before the shouting stops ?
tr	8	He says I 'm his inspiration .
tr	7	For several days after our arrival , we simply rested .
tr	7	Acknowledgments To all my friends who helped make this possible .
tr	8	* * * The room is done in beige , nice and impersonal .
tr	11	At the house , I peered around the hedge , trying not to bump into the sharp twigs .
tr	7	Finan threw him a scowl .
tr	8	If I 'm satisfied I walk away and nobody 's any the wiser . "
tr	7	Kaylie 's tirade had already sliced him to pieces .
tr	10	He 's supposed to be in the same place .
tr	9	Sarah spilled her tea and John bolted for the front door .
tr	11	She stared out the window of the apartment -- I was already beginning to consider it ours .
tr	8	" And this time I 'll be ready for them . "
tr	5	To my relief , only the center well was frigid .
tr	11	Perhaps this wasn 't the most embarrassing thing he had ever caught a visitor doing .
tr	5	" Oh , " I say .
tr	5	" Not yet , " she said .
tr	7	I drop the limp body on the floor .
tr	7	My family name was from the song and then my first name was after President Franklin Roosevelt .
tr	10	' Of course , he reminds me of that dishy fellow who introduced them .
tr	8	For a long time they could not find him and the sisters offered to help .
tr	9	Do you need something ? "
tr	8	He could hear her snoring steadily obviously fast asleep .
tr	8	" Sorry , but , Sweetie , I need you to slow down just a little bit . "
tr	6	In the guitar case not one penny lay on the furry lining .
tr	11	Dim light was radiating from an out of place looking device in the middle of the desktop .
tr	8	As soon as she felt able , she hurried to the Yan tent , careless of her steps .
tr	11	That might mean the part above the waterline burned away before she sank .
tr	5	Oh God , I 'm so sorry .
tr	5	" Cheer up , boss , " Sal told him .
tr	11	That 's all there is to say .
tr	5	" Oh , Gwyneth , darling , you may well ask ! "
tr	11	I hope you know what you 're doing .
tr	9	Sophia had seen her many times before , even paying for expensive taxis .
tr	9	We heaved the bodies of the dead men out and stepped inside the lift .
tr	6	" The cuts not very big , so it shouldn 't take me that long . " "
tr	8	Gosh , Neil said to himself , and beside him , he heard Riki sigh .
tr	8	Of course you can buy yourself into anything today and he certainly could afford it .
tr	11	They rolled for what seemed like an eternity ; Kurt stared out the window .
tr	9	" Oh , please , sir , I 'm just trying to achieve high grades .
tr	8	The Bastian tech guided us down a further two floors of the castle .
tr	9	He had never mentioned anything about his parents ' relationship with each other .
tr	9	I could see what he was thinking .
tr	5	She looked up and down the road .
tr	8	He was asleep in under a minute .
tr	8	" All traces have been eliminated from the site ? "
tr	6	Things at sea could change very quickly .
tr	8	He doesn 't feel like one , or sound like one , or look like one -- could be any man .
tr	9	" I think I 've figured it out !
tr	9	The big man sounded more resigned and exasperated than curious , but he waited for the girl to respond .
tr	8	You know I had no choice . "
tr	11	" He says to stay away from the mountains , " Riki said , " and to go home fast . "
tr	5	His aura is so round and perfect .
tr	6	They also hunt off the land , do their own farming , and make their own weapons .
tr	10	Before he had to try and say something , she cleared her throat and looked away .
tr	11	When I wanted to go to him the captain refused my request .
tr	8	After Tony had sat down George fiddled around with the back of the little camera .
tr	11	That question I find difficult to answer .
tr	10	He knew he had to though ; he 'd run out of time .
tr	9	Do you want me ? "
tr	7	They didn 't even check me for weapons .
tr	9	She was certain that she looked like a fright .
tr	10	Her voice was low and drowsy , lifting slightly at the end in inquiry .
tr	10	Were you chosen by your king or did you volunteer ? "
tr	5	" Yes , my Lady , " Palme said and obeyed .
tr	7	It was still hard after all these years .
tr	10	It was his turn to feel disappointed in himself .
tr	8	She looked down , where the shimmering surface and rising steam gave her body a filmy softness .
tr	9	Black Scorpion was taken to the home of Morning Star .
tr	10	He remained stock still , looking at the man with the purse strings .
tr	9	" It was time to start this .
tr	10	" Let 's get you over to the infirmary and have that hand looked at . "
tr	8	He 's all set to retire .
tr	9	Exiting the trapdoor , we were bathed in a gorgeous light from dozens of candles and lamps .
tr	8	" You saw how psycho Peyton was yesterday .
tr	7	The men around the campfire were unshaven and their clothes virtually rags .
tr	6	" Just stay calm , " said Alex , lifting his sword .
tr	9	" What can ' is Lordship do from here ? "
tr	7	Each step across the street and into his apartment building caused a crack in my confidence .
tr	7	Well , that was big news , of course .
tr	7	We 'll be starting very soon . "
tr	11	Major Campbell had to move the phone away from his ear at this point .
tr	8	It 's 5 a.m. and we have a French test today , " Tori said and they went upstairs .
tr	9	' And I was fine by the end of the week . '
tr	10	" That was a shrewd cut I dealt it on the stair . "
tr	7	The soil around the grave is also infected , and so is the drinking water .
tr	6	In his heart and mind , he gave all glory , vanity , praise and honor to the Lord .
tr	7	The parts of those food processing machines were piled up out back of the building .
tr	11	But , she spends ages in yours -- which is tidy . '
tr	9	She presses a few buttons then looks out toward Lance .
tr	5	Greedy , lazy , dumb people , always wanting all the time !
tr	11	I don 't understand at first what I am seeing .
tr	9	The walk-in cooler is a staple of any modern restaurant because of its sheer size .
tr	7	Jonesy then opened the middle hatches , and the lights flickered from green to orange .
tr	7	He motioned the Prince closer , and so the Prince leaned in .
tr	10	This included a beef burger wrapped in a rice pocket , a cola and fries .
tr	8	Feel the balance of this thing , " he said , handing it to David .
tr	9	Scattered across the red , brown earth were bodies , like discarded dolls , bloated already by the searing daytime heat .
tr	9	I knew they would find you . "
tr	11	as she passed him a glass of wine and offered the dates .
tr	8	He pulled the wrapping apart and revealed a jewel of a wooden propeller .
tr	9	He knew Sofia was hiding something .
tr	7	The wrinkles around the older man 's eyes were made even deeper by his fierce frown .
tr	9	" Then let 's get to work , " the professor stated .
tr	8	" Never seen friends wrestle Jansen ? "
tr	9	Alita asked as I jetted past her .
tr	9	They started to say something , but Nathan overrode them by talking louder .
tr	5	" In the ambulance , with my patient , " I replied slowly .
tr	8	High-speed winds went through them , leaving them cold and helpless .
tr	8	In all of this , Eva had knocked on the aged door .
tr	8	It was nearly as big as a city , if not bigger !
tr	6	With his wavy , Chex Mix hair and warm amber eyes , he represented everything sane in my life .
tr	11	He saw the crowd 's attention turn away from the stage towards Des .
tr	10	He handed her his and dug a couple of more portions out for himself .
tr	10	Amy blinked and shifted on the couch , putting some space between them .
tr	7	Eden took his leg off the armrest and made eye contact with me for the first time .
tr	6	Again , like magic , five red dots appear on the screen .
tr	10	Her blood boils thinking of the time wasted in useless debate .
tr	8	" We met a small group of thirty or so .
tr	6	" I promise ; I didn 't " I said , and we both laughed .
tr	8	I knew he was dead .
tr	5	" Elizabeth - " " Enough , William , I 'm tired . "
tr	6	" Captain , Blade is correct , " Doctor Hartman replies over the speakers .
tr	8	Surely the least he could do was feign ignorance of her emotions ?
tr	5	Today , Sami 's feet were bare and bleeding .
tr	8	I thanked her but left the food untouched .
tr	10	Elizabeth nodded , still unable to speak .
tr	10	" Alright , I think the coast is clear , Monti .
tr	5	After much negotiation , they gladly accepted the offer .
tr	6	' Well , he 's all right , sir , ' the old man mumbled . '
tr	9	Attached to a piece of white medical tape were a small knife and a folded piece of paper .
tr	9	But I feel half-asleep as I do so , hardly aware of my own hands .
tr	6	His hair is almost pitch black and very long for a man .
tr	11	It is no surprise they 'd treat a man as badly , or a woman . "
tr	8	After he pushed me onto a chair , he tied my arms in the back .
tr	11	Chapter X Logan rocked with the movement of the train , an ignoble spot of drool forming on his cheek .
tr	10	Meeks placed a chair across the table from Nathan and then went to stand behind Nathan .
tr	9	I saw several men , lawyers by their attire , arguing over some point .
tr	9	Is this how they do things in Paris ? "
tr	9	He could feel the pavement was hot , very hot .
tr	8	" And I do not like him that way , " she added , pointing a thumb at Mark .
tr	5	And the missing college brat is King David Greyson . "
tr	5	" The only hard part is , the library has an alarm system .
tr	7	She watched John jogging along the fence line .
tr	10	" You had an impressive flash of insight today and it may well be of great technical importance for us .
tr	8	" I am all right , " Taylor answered , " but what is wrong with that thing ? "
tr	7	" And go where ? "
tr	8	Josie looked at the large hand for a second then reluctantly shook it .
tr	9	" Thank you for showing me ... it means a great deal . "
tr	7	He pulled the paper from his pocket , took out his phone , and punched in her number .
tr	8	He heard soft footfalls come up behind him .
tr	6	The edges are like tiny razor blades .
tr	11	I don 't think he 'll go to the police . "
tr	7	" We ran into the Lord Seeker , " he said .
tr	10	She thought that this spoke very highly of his work ethics .
tr	7	A pained expression flitted across Tomas Godard 's face .
tr	7	Simple black steel against Fire , but still they cut us down like wheat .
tr	11	In the distance , he could see the people of this little village fleeing into the tall grass .
tr	9	It also brought to mind Sky 's meeting with her father in Norfolk .
tr	8	A figure moves in front of me .
tr	5	" Hello Vinland Station , this is Dr. Jan Colbert .
tr	10	Taylor kissed Lilly Ann 's neck and cheeks and hands still unable to form a coherent sentence .
tr	7	However , this group was composed entirely of Americans .
tr	11	Looking around the venue she knew plenty of listeners would also be lost in emotion .
tr	8	Inside the curtain walls of White Wolf Keep was a collection of ramshackle wooden houses seriously in need of repair .
tr	9	I haven 't heard David Grey since I was a student .
tr	8	Silence , I was hearing only the raindrops outside and my thoughts , being so tortuous and weird .
tr	6	" Two horses continued in that direction . '
tr	5	But now , at least , she had a plan .
tr	7	" However , " Adolf continued , " if I die here today , then the world will burn . "
tr	11	Chase was left behind which he really did on purpose .
tr	8	Jen lay naked on her side one arm resting across his chest .
tr	6	Despite their numbers , sheer amazement and fear held the crowd in check .
tr	8	Simon supplied quickly , putting down his razor and drying off his face .
tr	8	The peaceful silence was soon broken by Zeal 's incessant snoring .
tr	9	A medium height Eurasian was being jostled against the fence holding up a handwritten , cardboard sign ... . .
tr	9	Most units locked up their buildings , put everyone on extended leave , and went home , wherever that was . "
tr	8	The sound almost startled him into falling off the console .
tr	6	There was no blood , no splintered bones , just a clean snap and a matter-of-fact drive to the emergency room .
tr	9	It 's my job to protect him .
tr	10	This is taken from the cameras at the main entrance ... different times ... .
tr	11	They had taps on his home in St John 's Wood , the shop in Kensington and the warehouse in Brixton .
tr	9	It did not matter whether it was their first or their sixteenth death .
tr	6	" What a strong spirit you have , Ivy , " Thalia broke the charged silence with the backhanded compliment .
tr	9	I 'm a fraction of an inch behind the damn dot .
tr	11	I could 've been a statue carved hundreds of years ago .
tr	6	" Well , well , Tristan , what a delightful surprise , " a dark voice suddenly drawled from the doorway .
tr	9	Both of them were flipping switches , checking gauges and twiddling with this and that .
tr	6	We almost took a dive there , didn 't we ?
tr	8	" I 'm glad for you , Sarah .
tr	7	To mince matters , she fell in love with a Courtier and only just escaped their grasp .
tr	6	The song is always here , and it always comes first .
tr	10	Clearly humans cannot be trusted and deserve to be our slaves .
tr	7	" Anderson , " he shouted , but only the slaves stirred a little and grumbled much .
tr	10	He seems to have great control over my systems .
tr	9	Within a minute , he was on his scooter and in pursuit of Simon .
tr	8	" Those were the weeds you picked ?
tr	8	If Adele had seen his face then she would not have felt so easy of mind .
tr	9	Moving a little more carefully , he wriggled over to the side of the truck and had a peek out .
tr	6	Every one of them wore a dark suit , white shirt , embroidered vest , and silk scarf .
tr	6	She knew his general location in the room from that sound .
tr	8	" Well , there isn 't much to tell .
tr	11	They prepared a dinner that was eaten in relative silence .
tr	7	Freezing up just because of some animal he had never seen ?
tr	7	" The ones that can lift a thousand tons into space at a time ?
tr	6	" Well ... Gilbert enjoyed too much , " " Good good huh ? "
tr	10	I knew I was everything to you .
tr	10	" It would be merciful to kill him now .
tr	9	With the low glass coffee table in the middle of the room there was barely space to turn around .
tr	7	" Okay , get the hell out of there and link up with the Highlanders . "
tr	9	A shapeshifter was to blame for the deaths .
tr	8	There 's a group of eight tottering women up near the front , but not many others .
tr	11	" I 'm just busy , haven 't been using it . "
tr	6	" That was a lucky shot , " she muttered with her hands on his thigh .
tr	7	They were always flashy and dressing in garish costumes .
tr	9	With that she helped herself to a hefty piece of pork and a slice of dark bread .
tr	11	He had gone as far as his pride would let him .
tr	9	His gaze skimmed over my bloodied swords while he loaded a fresh magazine into the gun .
tr	9	By the time Nathan decided to leave the basement , all the radio channels were ominously quiet .
tr	6	Looking both east and west , no other break in the steep sides was visible .
tr	9	Sort of keep my eye in I suppose . "
tr	6	Across the table , Riki winked at him in a sympathetic manner .
tr	6	" Seven years , one month , three days , and five hours ago , you son of a bitch . "
tr	10	I 'm going to need a few things though , " Melody said .
tr	11	Instead he pushes his propulsion to planetary escape velocity in seconds .
tr	9	Dr. Morgan asked , now intrigued by David 's plan .
tr	11	' Now , where was I. . .
tr	5	" Well , my butt is not fat ! "
tr	10	" There was once a powerful Archmage , the one that created this world .
tr	6	Her bright red lipstick against her pale skin immediately drew my eyes to her defiant smile .
tr	9	The sun was shining and is was pretty warm .
tr	10	I felt like I should have done something .
tr	9	' Tis unlikely that there will be so few . "
tr	7	At the gesture , Brendan took two steps back and put his hands up .
tr	10	The words had barely left his lips when the windows on the first floor blew out .
tr	6	" Not about that , sir , about her . "
tr	7	The Prince passed quickly through the opening , and then through the wooden door beyond it .
tr	10	But I hid it and went to touch the new lad 's face .
tr	11	Bradley could not hope that Dustin would accept the whole story as truth right away .
tr	6	He was taking a shower ?
tr	9	How much of the truth to tell the old man ; all , some , none ?
tr	6	We didn 't get a kill shot .
tr	11	What is it that you want to know ? "
tr	7	" Not a problem at all ... I must say , extracting 006 certainly was a simple operation . "
tr	7	A black chopper appeared in the sky and pulled up sharply above the treetops .
tr	6	" Was this an old lady , like a grandma , or a young lady , like your mom ? "
tr	6	Feeling his way in , he found the tying point and fastened one horse after another to it .
tr	8	" Because Yin didn 't like the idea of ruling by committee . "
tr	9	She might have seen a vision that interests the book .
tr	5	" It 's kind free and relaxed and easy , somehow . "
tr	9	Cade deliberately kicked a stone , and reveled in the pulse of pain .
tr	5	Nope , still skinny , just the way she liked it .
tr	8	She got up and walked over to the window overlooking the courtyard .
tr	6	He looked at the clock again .
tr	10	Look how sunburned you got ! "
tr	9	Not in the mood for conversation , he sees no reason to be unnecessarily rude .
tr	9	Missy continued to ignore him and Kevin stayed silent , too .
tr	10	He also had developed a very unique skill as an accident of nature 's genetic engineering .
tr	7	David and Jennie sat down in arm chairs facing the Asian .
tr	7	It was a perk of the job .
tr	7	Alejo looked up at him and offered a tight smile .
tr	9	" He said that you would tell me . "
tr	6	" Sorry Corp got held up . "
tr	11	To learn that he 'd used us , was even now using us , was sickening .
tr	8	He opened the gate and went out into the alley as quietly as possible .
tr	9	Not a great time to be looking for paid employment . "
tr	8	Rearing its spear back for a powerful thrust , Rift sees no opportunity to escape .
tr	10	You have already gone a long way towards putting my mind at ease . "
tr	7	Before he made the final push , he reached into his pockets and cuffed her hands with shiny metal .
tr	7	that includes cooking the Christmas Dinner .
tr	11	She didn 't teach about the Bible anymore , because that would just make her a hypocrite .
tr	6	" A couple dozen or so , " she said , her lower lip shivering .
tr	8	" Kid , I think you are spot on .
tr	9	It was too slow to be an earthquake .
tr	9	Seems to be nothing broken .
tr	8	" It 's a real authentic Roman Republic tunic that a real kid wore ! "
tr	7	I walked into the cooking compartment and flicked the switch down on the kettle .
tr	7	' Aw , I don 't know mate , the timing 's terrible . '
tr	10	" You already have , " the woman said , pointing to a signed paper on the desk .
tr	10	With two doctors working , the basket used to dispose of the limbs had long since disappeared under the carnage .
tr	10	Lizzie turned to see Nick standing close behind her .
tr	10	You mentioned there exists four generations of women .
tr	8	I nestled down in a similar one nearby and folded my hands to listen .
tr	9	He winced as the pressure came off and the wound was exposed to the air .
tr	9	I 'm usually careful , but when Gabe called I left without cleaning up .
tr	10	They then heard the grinding noise again and Harold wondered if they were trying another door .
tr	7	" Not in her cabin , Captain , " Enrico replied cautiously .
tr	9	Mr Brown waved two fingers in front of Andy 's face .
tr	10	' So you 're saying marketing is manipulation ? '
tr	10	Reggie looked at Anderson willing him to make peace .
tr	10	" The UN is obviously behind it , seeing as the Secretary General proposed it to you . "
tr	6	" Everybody in the car , " Mrs. Collins yelled from outside .
tr	10	She giggled , though it wasn 't funny , " Like I 've been splitting wood all day .
tr	10	" In fact , she might be worse , though I don 't see how .
tr	6	" Hell , Ross , I don 't know , " he swore .
tr	6	To his own annoyance , Neil felt his face flush .
tr	11	This was the thought that stuck out in Connor 's mind .
tr	10	Mr. Hoover seemed to take no notice of him at first .
tr	6	" I so enjoy a tasty barbecue , " Lance declares with excitement .
tr	11	The second round fights were some of the most competitive Connor had seen .
tr	6	With blue eyes , long brown hair , and soft tan skin , she didn 't look bad .
tr	9	He will not be tortured , and -- by the Green Dragon -- " She turned around to face Sigmund .
tr	7	Mood changes , late night phone calls , sudden trips , stuff like that ? "
tr	5	What the hell does that mean ? "
tr	6	With the wedding only hours gone , it was already misty in her mind .
tr	6	After Danny 's impassioned guitar solo Calvin took the mic for the final verse .
tr	8	Rather , it was him that did .
tr	7	The green light flashed on and the four of them , in unison , jumped into the beginning dawn light .
tr	6	But I must confess , I rather prefer him for it .
tr	8	" To tell you the truth , the less Japanese you can speak , the better off you are . "
tr	7	Have you seen anything ? "
tr	8	" Meanwhile , there 's us getting on and getting by . "
tr	10	' So you just thought you 'd get off with her ? '
tr	6	The plan was under way .
tr	11	He intended to bring you back here to Europe , and most likely Italy .
tr	9	" Amber , I think I can help you . "
tr	9	The cougars hunt more at night than they do in the daylight .
tr	8	I wiped the sleep from my eyes , my knife already out and ready to go .
tr	7	If I show up , he 'll be called a liar . "
tr	8	Once the formalities were out of the way George suggested he show her around a bit .
tr	8	" Captain , " Wingnut said , nodding to Ghost .
tr	9	This giant Spider must have done this many times before , Hailey thought .
tr	10	She 'd believed herself too excited to be tired .
tr	7	" I don 't believe you , " Mike said and crossed his arms .
tr	6	Beside the quaking bass player , Raphael raised a hand , drumstick twirling .
tr	9	We started the children 's center in Villa Candelaria to try to repent , somehow .
tr	11	I do not let men stuff me in a little dress and tell me what to do .
tr	9	But formally is called The United Kingdom of Grand Britain and North Ireland . "
tr	10	" If we want the first fleet lifted within a year , we need forty operational pairs .
tr	9	Our guns , holsters and Bruno 's cell were in a box next to them .
tr	10	Just don 't take too long getting back to me , kid .
tr	8	I did not saw Abby at the breakfast and for that , I was relieved .
tr	8	He , one of the Children of the Empress .
tr	10	the Captain said walking across the deck toward the group .
tr	10	One of you showed signs early on of becoming spectacularly beautiful . '
tr	8	" After that , my mother couldn 't use her magic , she was completely helpless and in so much pain .
tr	10	I answered because it 'd been at least an hour since my last meal .
tr	10	Johnny , what do you think is really going on here ? "
tr	9	He relaxed and rose to greet them .
tr	6	The heavy , armed presence was common now in the city .
tr	8	" Surely there is something else about her that you can celebrate . "
tr	10	" Dad , I have a strong feeling she did not go backpacking .
tr	9	He crossed the distance to the end of the alley and shot out onto the street .
tr	7	Five minutes later , he braked the car harshly and made a quick turn onto the dirt road .
tr	9	Do you have cleats ? "
tr	7	" I 've heard of the Hopi ; are the Zuni another tribe ? "
tr	7	The three spoke about life at sea , the stars and many more subjects in great depth .
tr	8	1 " How did you manage to flunk the test ? "
tr	7	Each man here is devoted to me in every capacity .
tr	9	but it looks as though she doesn 't have any clothes on . "
tr	9	If someone usually slams the door and grumbles on entering , then he should always slam the door and grumble .
tr	9	My thirst must have gone to my -- " he swayed suddenly , and his head buzzed with exhaustion and confusion .
tr	9	called one , and then in laborious French , " Come with us . "
tr	9	Also , you should probably stop calling him ' the target ' .
tr	7	But if you really want the lead , it 's all yours . "
tr	11	We had to go to things called libraries . "
tr	6	His gorgeous image , his provocative words , our romantic setting made my heart race and my pulse pound .
tr	8	But I think he 's bad . "
tr	7	I will take their prize , take their hope , and then I will take their lives .
tr	10	He was sure he had it with him .
tr	6	The thing closed its eyes and whined with pleasure at her touch , like a huge , fawning puppy dog .
tr	10	This was well wooded with mixed trees and , in some areas , dense undergrowth .
tr	6	Lawn mower , leaf blower , it didn 't matter , just something small without an electronic ignition or brain .
tr	10	We have financing from our bank same as everyone else .
tr	10	It 's in the pedestrian bit in the town centre if you do go to Carlisle .
tr	9	As the watch captain turned to leave , Brand fell to his knees and folded his hands .
tr	9	I would not relish dealing with those black creatures again .
tr	8	He went to make notes .
tr	11	It made her feel like melted marshmallow in a mug of hot chocolate .
tr	5	" Yeah , of course , but still , it was nice . "
tr	8	I can work wonders with a Dutch oven , " Melody said .
tr	10	The securing party were ordered to step back and march away .
tr	7	" Did you wash you hands ? "
tr	10	Tori managed to ignore Rosemary for the first time ever .
tr	5	In an unexpected thoughtful gesture , Aiden handed me his flashlight .
tr	7	Maybe was a good idea , and cheaper of course to take the bus .
tr	9	There was nothing to work with .
tr	11	Licking his thumbs , he began turning pages while glancing at the coin every now and then .
tr	5	After their conversation the night before , Annette 's voice was noticeably cool .
tr	8	It 's not like Peyton is French .
tr	10	There was no time to dwell on it .
tr	10	' I believe you 're aware of my abilities ? '
tr	9	Sylvia yanked Jude by the scruff of his neck and pushed him towards the escape doorway .
tr	10	" I hope nothing has happened to him . "
tr	6	" What I am is the same as you , just a little different .
tr	6	He was happy enough with either development .
tr	9	Frank took his time , rarely going over sixty miles per hour .
tr	6	" Tessa is a warlock , " said Jocelyn , " although a very unusual kind of warlock .
tr	9	It would be up to the Kiwi to fill it in .
tr	9	" How do you know he was cheating ? "
tr	8	Despite all that , I know that at heart you are a bachelor . "
tr	8	He started forward , keeping his hands in the air .
tr	8	I did not want this for my family and friends . "
tr	8	Most of the time , they don 't even have to ask .
tr	9	Through the binoculars , he could clearly see that the figure was female .
tr	7	Alejo did not appear at all fazed .
tr	8	' In any case , your men won 't be going higher than the tenth floor . '
tr	9	He did not mix well due to his abrasive personality and rudeness .
tr	6	" It won 't close or something . "
tr	6	He watched her walk through the yard in her bare feet .
tr	7	For a moment Rand stared at her in confusion and then his eyes cleared .
tr	9	They only hoped that she did actually have one .
tr	8	" Of course , we Germans figured this out three hundred years ago , but that 's neither here nor there .
tr	11	Coffee has never featured so heavily in my life as it has on this ridiculous journey .
tr	7	We 've got a real gun now , " Nate flashed the clerk 's pistol .
tr	8	I sank back into the dark oblivion and felt a strange sense of loss .
tr	8	What 's your name , anyway , fool ? "
tr	8	' Pierre called , ' said Jim when he opened the aircraft door .
tr	6	Barbara said , but for once he ignored her .
tr	7	The shards then hung in the air , defying gravity .
tr	8	" Roger that , I saw everything go brighter .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " she said , but even those two words held anger .
tr	9	He kept everything locked up so tight ; it pained me to watch him sometimes .
tr	11	Rafe was innately polite , and had always listened to their prattle in well concealed boredom .
tr	7	" Bye , " Stacy said and went to the plane to the state Washington .
tr	10	Pulling the scalpel from the hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue on the exit wound .
tr	7	But he is not , and we should not be here either . "
tr	5	" Stay together , " I said , and Elaine and I left .
tr	6	" Look , we can help each other , really !
tr	6	This time an even larger number of riders rode at them in pursuit .
tr	11	Hiro asked , listening to the train squealing to a stop .
tr	11	" I just asked if he had learned anything from the prisoners , " Conners whined .
tr	6	" We 'll kill Grand some other time . "
tr	5	SURELY A SHARP STICK WOULD BE EVEN WORSE - Death stopped .
tr	8	Some fifty feet below , the blades of a horizontal fan rotated lazily , drawing air down from the surface .
tr	7	Stone walls lined the sides of the vast pool .
tr	9	Twitter To receive updates about future releases join my Mailing List .
tr	10	But if I 'd be more recognizable in the light , I couldn 't help it .
tr	10	" Never mind , " I murmur and escape the room , pulling the door closed behind me .
tr	11	Swallowing in an attempt to moisten her parched throat , Claire gave a shrug .
tr	5	" For a ruined family , this is still pretty impressive . "
tr	5	" Oh , yes , it is , " Nicodemus answered .
tr	8	Its robes turned from black to grey to purple , and its red eyes became tiny spots of white light .
tr	5	But maybe here , in this empty house , on this terrible day , was exactly the right time .
tr	7	It had been a spring day and there had been no others around .
tr	7	" She 's dancing with a guy .
tr	6	" Five miles to target , 21,000 feet , 499 knots .
tr	8	How could this old hermit have known of this ?
tr	9	' I 'm sorry , I didn 't mean to offend you .
tr	6	I scan the carpet but find no immediate sticky black globs .
tr	6	But that 's not all ... " Her left eyebrow arched .
tr	10	This has to contain a reaction at five thousand degrees . "
tr	8	" Because you are under my charge , you cannot just walk away where ever you want " .
tr	10	I should work on the mast where the little girl cannot find me .
tr	11	I scanned the compartment and took hold of a metal pipe running across the ceiling .
tr	9	Gema responded with a brief hello and a swift , steely grip of the hand .
tr	10	" Those who are missing ammunition , find a cubicle that still has some and take it . "
tr	10	I know you mock some of the clients .
tr	9	I want to invent something amazing .
tr	11	Their only course at this point would be to travel the higher and more rugged mountain passes .
tr	5	Yeah , he was surprised .
tr	9	" Why does it need to be hard ? "
tr	11	They ranged so far , they entered territory that even Seven had failed to explore .
tr	10	' Where 's zee amp , I 'll give you a hand ? '
tr	10	This was just the scream Tek needed to find them .
tr	6	A second is an achingly long time .
tr	7	He grabbed his suit jacket and headed for the lobby .
tr	8	Well maybe , but wasn 't that part of a husband 's job ?
tr	9	You shall rejoice in making such an exchange .
tr	11	Why was he now so sure they were doing the right thing ?
tr	10	" Why do you need to ask so many questions ? "
tr	9	" Be glad you didn 't see . "
tr	11	I was breathing ash while choking on bile .
tr	11	With that , she leaves the room , failing to catch her king 's eye despite her alluring mannerisms .
tr	8	" Easy girl , " he said softly and only then heard the sound of an approaching vehicle .
tr	11	Do you want to wait ? "
tr	6	" They look alike , " Bradley agreed , " But they behave differently .
tr	8	Never bring anyone with you or else I 'll immediately kill your friend . "
tr	5	There 's a schedule right there . "
tr	9	It was the only way to buy you time . "
tr	10	I keep thinking they 're there . '
tr	9	Instinct made her grab for it before it fell forever lost below .
tr	8	He too wore a bloody smock , and his face also carried the expression of pride .
tr	8	Only the sister of the woman you killed happened to strike your trail . "
tr	10	She tucked a strand of graying hair back into her bun .
tr	7	They were ragged and thin and not terribly clean but their eyes were bright and intent .
tr	5	" No sir , not a bad time at all . "
tr	8	" Is there a model number on the door ? "
tr	11	Lea was going to keep punching the Centaur .
tr	7	Maybe someone killed him , wrapped him up in the quilt and threw him in the river ?
tr	11	Mac recalled seeing similar transformations Are you dying ?
tr	9	Julian gave the impression of being unsettled .
tr	10	I 've been to see him already , and he 's given some help .
tr	9	One hunter got close enough to throw his spear .
tr	6	" I am not his subordinate , " he growled , to no one in particular .
tr	8	Scott looked at the place where the two had disappeared .
tr	9	They were now standing before the whole body of the council .
tr	11	He must have known what would come his way .
tr	9	" Looks like we are eating out again ! "
tr	7	" There 's not terribly many monasteries in the capital .
tr	5	For all her physical ailments , her voice was surprisingly strong and clear .
tr	5	" What is your name ? "
tr	7	Yes we can take these few guards , but they are only guards .
tr	6	" Try and get some sleep Wendy , " said her mother , " tomorrow we start the hard part . "
tr	6	" What , no ' nice shot ' or ' that a boy ' ? "
tr	10	was the chorus she did not here .
tr	8	The lamppost at the end of the platform looked really old and might very well be from that era . "
tr	6	My little Henri was his smiling , boyish self again .
tr	7	We got into her car , drove around the corner , and then the bomb went off . "
tr	5	" Won 't they want their stuff ? "
tr	9	Who 'll get me started ?
tr	10	How quick can you get to Muncie , and how are your Lotus 1-2-3 skills ?
tr	5	" So , how was the aforementioned twirling , anyway ? "
tr	6	The dream started again , now even more real than the last time .
tr	9	Even though it was destroyed in space , we will forget it ever happened . "
tr	9	I came to the conclusion that I had officially lost my mind .
tr	10	Chase turned to Claw and draw an insolent smile on his face .
tr	10	The guy , which hit me , pulled up my dress , trying to pull out my underwear .
tr	7	The sensation of impossible comfort only offered by a mother 's embrace .
tr	7	" I don 't want to , " she whined , but grudgingly provided both hands for him .
tr	10	Raymond had come into the house followed by three other men .
tr	10	Therefore , Flint had gotten approval to move inland and set up on the opposite side of the city .
tr	8	A heartbeat later , the door buckled and splintered under the force of a rocket grenade .
tr	5	" How convenient , " Jimmy responded .
tr	10	" Will you stop doing that ? "
tr	8	she yelled as she closed her eyes .
tr	8	The hallway was still dark and silent , so she hurried up to her room and rummaged for some clothes .
tr	11	" He doesn 't know that life is hard for me .
tr	10	During their off times , the crew would ask her to tell another story and she gladly accommodated them .
tr	9	He reached down to get it but it wasn 't there .
tr	9	We stared in shock at the mess and the view out into the royal gardens that the collapsed wall had exposed .
tr	6	" Oh , Lewis , Lewis , " he said , " you are inimitable , simply inimitable ! "
tr	6	Four of them surrounded de Sable , each man alert , the air thick with fear and suspense .
tr	11	This was a pretty good warm-up , but I 'm ready to go for a run .
tr	5	" Of course , Sir Knight , " the Abbot agreed quickly .
tr	8	The chain screams past the warlock 's torso as he easily dodges the projectile .
tr	7	That suit produces the same outputs as the HS unit 's , right ? "
tr	11	" I knew I could reason with you , Frank .
tr	10	Rand and Bron parted before it and the knife struck the trunk of the tree behind them .
tr	9	Grandma thought he would buy books .
tr	6	" Helping this guy , " Jimmy explained .
tr	11	He 'd only been there a few minutes when a voice from behind startled him .
tr	7	" Listen to me , Miriam . "
tr	6	Chapter Six " Eden , " a strained whisper beckoned me into the theater the next morning at school .
tr	8	Take a party of two warriors and two runners with you .
tr	7	He is filthy , brown hair matted to his head , deep cuts and gouges marring his pale face .
tr	7	A small metal cylinder bounced onto the ground at his feet , interrupting any further conversation .
tr	10	Don 't worry , please , I will be fine . "
tr	7	He is enveloped in darkness once more and thankfully , the pain subsides .
tr	9	" I was adopted into his family at the age of 14 .
tr	11	She had had to learn that the hard way .
tr	8	" Look just forget it , make yourself useful , scan the dock or something , " Valerie insists .
tr	11	It 's time you started looking too .
tr	9	She slams her hands onto the back of the command chair and grips the synthetic leather tightly .
tr	7	just help yourself to drinks . "
tr	9	Storms often raged throughout the valleys giving life again to the lands .
tr	7	But by now it was little more than background noise , and any new noises were especially noticeable .
tr	11	* * * * * Upon the grounds of Versailles , wealth took an entirely new meaning .
tr	10	" OK , I think this is enough spookiness for one night .
tr	6	" Ok Man , you 're up next , " he yelled out to me .
tr	10	I can 't rely only on her to keep me safe .
tr	10	She waited for him to say the next step , but he didn 't .
tr	5	" On the contrary , Mr Meadows , " he said .
tr	6	" A bus went over the mountain ! "
tr	7	Gan whistled again , and the dogs dropped out of sight in the grass .
tr	9	Unlocking the security chains he took the four automatic weapons and buried them underneath the toys in the fifth hamper .
tr	8	Let 's have a look at the rest of it . "
tr	10	Four of its six members were already quietly on board for the sale of Zimmerman Furniture to Decatur Heath .
tr	8	* Claire looked at the tiny craft bobbing on the water , and thought better of her great idea .
tr	8	" I happen to be your only son , sir . "
tr	6	" Bye , " Tori 's parents said and logged off .
tr	7	They waved her on and pointed toward me .
tr	7	When they met , she told him , " I saw a devil man .
tr	7	He went to Waving Willow and put his arms around her , from behind .
tr	11	" It just takes one mad Bee to get the rest of them upset .
tr	8	Then I turned back to the kitchen and there was someone in that door as well .
tr	9	Why do you think he 's dealing ? "
tr	5	Normally the pulse cannons and pulse shields keep them away . "
tr	6	They fight and fight all day , but as soon as night comes -- bam ! "
tr	8	" Is that how they found us ? "
tr	11	I think this is where I came in .
tr	7	As the last word left his lips , the catapulted crate crashed to the floor behind him .
tr	10	She , too , had been born far away from the cacophony of civilization .
tr	8	The ground was rocking beneath her , and she could hear a rhythmic clacking outside .
tr	5	" How far out ? "
tr	11	Would I have had half the experiences I 've had these last few weeks ?
tr	8	Bron belatedly saw his mistake , and found himself speechless .
tr	7	He spoke no word after his first exclamation ; he stood tensely , his hands clenched , staring at Valerian .
tr	6	" All of us related in some way . "
tr	7	Earth has nearly exhausted its natural resources ; your world offers a fresh supply . "
tr	6	From Hawk 's vantage point , the situation didn 't look good at all .
tr	10	He puts his hand on mines and looks directly into my eyes , making me blush .
tr	8	Neil puffed after her and after a minute they gained the top of the first incline .
tr	11	Toby recognised that the man was about to cry .
tr	6	" Well , it 's pretty impressive nonetheless , " Melody said .
tr	10	He simply had to get out every day for a while .
tr	8	One newspaper was dated thirty years ago but she didn 't check the other ones .
tr	9	He wonder if the others made it and escaped .
tr	9	Nathan sat back and thought for a moment before going on .
tr	5	And now , suddenly , that life was over .
tr	6	Every day we tarry puts us further into the quagmire .
tr	8	" This is where we came in .
tr	10	Claire nodded and let Maggie pull her up from the bed .
tr	9	En punto , " the driver said , carefully ripping the tickets off and passing them to Noah .
tr	9	I will look for a tree as close to the water as possible .
tr	9	" Most important thing right now is to keep it intact .
tr	7	" Now I 'm the fourth best dressed person in the room . "
tr	9	Here are your belongings , honor to serve . "
tr	6	Like Mary 's house , this one had a long hallway , and the bedrooms were all directly off it .
tr	7	Soldiers patrolled the grounds and the Navy patrolled the harbor .
tr	9	The Prince approached the rack of spare practice swords on the side of the sparring platform and looked through them .
tr	10	Mac immediately got rid of the idea of breaking out .
tr	10	" You 're probably thirsty , " she said as she handed him a cup of water with a flexible straw .
tr	9	" We don 't know if they have more tanks .
tr	8	" Go on , Gavin , he won 't bite you . "
tr	8	" I found him dead in the stables .
tr	5	" General quarters , general quarters , " yelled the box .
tr	6	Borders Borders not only divide but also define .
tr	8	The man holding the blade at Gabriel 's throat swore violently in his ear .
tr	10	" The mask salesman left town a while back , but I know where to find him ! "
tr	10	At least I haven 't had to murder my way through a terrible Hull accent .
tr	7	At every step of the mission the abduction had been exceptionally well coordinated , expensive , and perfectly executed .
tr	6	And without any warning , he caught me hand .
tr	7	Blinking at the vision before him , Cade turned to its creator .
tr	9	They would not hear her through the wailing winds , the creaking ship and crushing waters .
tr	9	" Always chop fresh wood when you can still get it .
tr	7	" Yes he did , but oddly enough he didn 't kill me .
tr	10	I simply resolved to be her guard in the dangers ahead .
tr	5	" But , please , Antonia , don 't spy !
tr	10	He 'd added some bricks with holes clear through them so little Lizards could run in and out .
tr	6	Was it something about Aimee ?
tr	8	" It 's never really gone , though , it just may take an unacceptable time to recall .
tr	10	They soon reached their destination , a small meeting chamber on the main floor of the castle .
tr	10	He was in charge of a small detachment of men .
tr	7	Phillip , Jacob , Logan , Eva , and I were eliminated right away for obvious reasons .
tr	6	A dark figure appeared in my left peripheral vision .
tr	8	If the intruder was leaving they had to come this way .
tr	7	Helen Spade was not shy around the animals either .
tr	9	Jessie lay sprawled across the bed , face down , half a leg and arm hanging over the side .
tr	11	It 's because I want to help you .
tr	6	" Until we land , at least , " Shepherd says , smiling .
tr	7	She wore a thoughtful , if slightly dumbfounded , look as if running through their options without much success .
tr	10	The hot dogs had proven to be sickeningly greasy and three cups of coffee were burning a hole in my stomach .
tr	9	My mind drifted back to that dark day and my grandfather 's final words ' Trust no-one .
tr	11	" Surrender Your Majesty , and no one else will be harmed .
tr	10	The first that Mother has made , perhaps , but one she is striving to correct .
tr	7	No , there was much more to it than that .
tr	6	My companions reiterated my compliments , and the larger man again waved dismissively .
tr	5	Fresh ropes bound his ankles and hands .
tr	9	" I thought you attended antenatal classes or something ? "
tr	11	' I 'm not ready to talk to you yet , ' she said harshly .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual people , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	5	" Yes , thank you , Finn . "
tr	9	After dinner , Gavin and John played chess by the fireplace while the adults smoked and drank at the dining table .
tr	8	A shrill woman 's voice called out , " Someone tried to murder my son ! "
tr	10	" Father used to be the big cheese around here .
tr	7	The newcomer walked across the room and stood near the sofa without speaking .
tr	5	" Damn , she 's a slippery little gal . "
tr	10	You don 't have to like it , but you do have to accept it . "
tr	10	Scores of them were seized and devoured by the monsters before they could reach the city . "
tr	8	† † † September 21 , 1621 It was a mistake .
tr	7	Growing to be a man ? "
tr	7	" So perhaps it is a little uncomfortable ... " Eda snorted .
tr	11	I 'm not against getting to know Cruz .
tr	8	" Nothing , " he concludes , shaking his head and pulling his hood back up .
tr	9	Nevertheless , tender green shoots struggled for sunlight , tinting the rolling land with an eager glow .
tr	9	" These are times to be untrusting .
tr	11	The world fell away from around them lost in a cloud of sound and touch and smell .
tr	9	It consisted of four red-brick , garden style buildings arranged around a large central courtyard lined with sycamore trees and rhododendrons .
tr	5	" That is one remarkable kid . "
tr	11	Sam reached out and took back his cigarette , taking a drag while he thought through the briefing package .
tr	7	" Steady on there , Mr Watson , " said another voice .
tr	11	' Do you want me to take this ? '
tr	11	" They acted like they 'd done it before and it was no big deal . "
tr	9	It came to rest against the curb .
tr	6	A messy punch , with all the impact and none of the effect .
tr	6	" Race you to the shower ! "
tr	8	" See , we have several gems of this type , " he explained to the captain .
tr	9	Showed she was brighter than she looked at first sight .
tr	7	Maria nearly fell down in the elevator , but quickly recovered .
tr	5	' Oh , me , ' said the oh god weakly .
tr	8	He had been in many fights since that time and was now a seasoned veteran .
tr	11	Feeling guilty for all the effort she made , he ate a little of everything .
tr	9	Remember what happened to the Kirkham brothers of Hull ? "
tr	9	Hugging his neck and shoulders she adds , " it 's just nice to hear it . "
tr	8	He abruptly felt something was odd .
tr	10	Other than that they have no special properties ' , " Tori read .
tr	9	Ted leaned across the intact corpse to pull the pistol from its holster .
tr	11	And then , slowly , the realization sank in that the big man was talking about nothing more than pinecones .
tr	5	And guilty or not , for the moment , he didn 't care .
tr	11	I am shivering so hard that water droplets jump out of my hair .
tr	10	I 'm sorry to hear about your legs . "
tr	7	" Things that could melt the world , or freeze it !
tr	11	" He is the only person there who I believe who has our number .
tr	7	" Shut up , don 't say another word , " she spat at him in Malay to his surprise .
tr	8	Screwing up his courage , Kurt took a step from the cover of the bus .
tr	10	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
tr	7	" I said , " her voice was louder , " what are you doing ? "
tr	7	Sometimes , while y ' body adjusts , y ' put a bit extra on at first . '
tr	10	" That 's all they 're looking for ? "
tr	7	The interior comprised of a communication center , a toilet , small galley and four berths .
tr	6	He can only get me half in .
tr	7	He could make out four figures several yards ahead .
tr	10	Their feet rushed by in the gloom while I lay , too shocked , too drained , too cold to move .
tr	5	On the other hand , at least my SPAM filter was working .
tr	10	He stopped to look each man in the eye before finishing .
tr	8	I want to have a family .
tr	11	" I 'm still not confident we 're on our own here , " he whispered to the group gathered close .
tr	7	It was crazy , but a lot of the time he thought about her .
tr	6	Mark waited a moment , then spoke again .
tr	9	Alejo slowly slid down against the trunk of the sleek banana plant and buried his face into his arms .
tr	7	Either the innkeeper was a very good actor , or he was genuinely confused .
tr	9	Five Kurt awoke as the packed Boeing 757 banked hard to the right .
tr	10	The two pirates I chased down were close by -- the unconscious being dragged by the conscious .
tr	6	At that time Ra began her attack , a convenient distraction .
tr	5	" Yes , " I pointedly agreed , then bucked up my courage .
tr	8	" What brings you this early in the morning Beppe ? "
tr	7	I 'll shut them up so you can have your say . "
tr	11	Don 't want to be too assuming , but he looked like a troublemaker . "
tr	7	When the last " 4 " appeared , he took a deep breath and tugged at the release handle .
tr	6	Let 's see ... the little ones are 25 tickets , medium are 50 , and the bigger ones are 100 .
tr	5	In the stillness , Rylan and the cousins considered each other .
tr	10	As he turned to inspect the offending object , his eyes widened in realization .
tr	7	Saturday 01st October 1983 Before morning Amy dreamed of a terrifying black smoke chasing her .
tr	6	" Took a bullet to the upper chest , but you were lucky .
tr	9	His eyes played tricks on him ; he looked so high as his body slowly rotated , and quickly dropped .
tr	8	She had never seen Noah wearing it .
tr	6	The girl behind him softly says , " Mrs. Stier , Joey pooped . "
tr	5	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , nine thousand , seven hundred , and fifty-eight matches .
tr	10	If she wanted to forgive him .
tr	10	They 'd both seen something they wanted , but Darin was rash .
tr	9	" May I please wear your comb on top of my head like a conquistador 's lady ? "
tr	5	The other day I cleared a twenty foot pool . "
tr	8	He read quickly , scanning the lines , and he looked up at his guards .
tr	6	I poked my head in the door on the right .
tr	7	Doug Burnett swiveled his head and looked at his boss .
tr	7	" In that case ... " Fish got up and turned for the door .
tr	11	He noticed Josie was standing next to the stranger , and didn 't appear frightened at all .
tr	11	What other ways has history bunched people into groups that were persecuted ? "
tr	8	' Your body mounted a response in the form of an elevated white cell count .
tr	6	Please take my memory away , I can 't take the pain any longer . "
tr	8	While Parnell was pursuing his fledgling legal career , Sam had joined the navy .
tr	6	They have government and law and rules and heaven forbid taxes ! "
tr	5	The very next day I heard the name ' Nick ' again .
tr	6	' That 's not good , ' said Reid .
tr	6	Adele 's lips twitched into a mischievous smile .
tr	11	Well , I thought at least Connie would be in her element a marine biologist on a research ship .
tr	8	We 're in the most beautiful part of the world , with castles and caves and beaches and places to visit .
tr	8	To make matters worse they didn 't even live in town .
tr	9	A voice yelled from the other side of the door and the boy disappeared into the darkness like a frightened rat .
tr	7	He shouted , kicking wildly .
tr	8	" Wasn 't my fault , " I sniffed and tried not to cry .
tr	6	" Even the unglamorous businesses , like the tax advisor and the plumber , you really gave them style . "
tr	6	Colby popped open the glove compartment , removed the oversized hand gun and slid out the door . "
tr	8	I turned and strode towards my grandmother , my chest burning in anger .
tr	7	In my mind the story continues , propelled by the images Gabe 's shaking voice imparts .
tr	9	It 's a fast paced novel that any age with imagination could enjoy .
tr	5	' Dear me , out of thunderbolts , are we ? '
tr	6	" Lay aside your armor , master , and take your afternoon rest . "
tr	10	" You know , we can eat the sheep , too , " David said .
tr	6	" Would you like some water Gem ? "
tr	10	This was the dangerous part , when I was up close and personal with the guard .
tr	11	With her on the case Danny figured they 'd be in for a good headcount .
tr	7	He goes extra solider , his back cranking a little straighter .
tr	11	We don 't really want it now and may need that pretext to cut them off eventually . "
tr	8	" They all love her , as do I .
tr	6	' Sh * t ' grunted Topsy and stormed off .
tr	10	When he saw her , his hand went up in a wave and he began to move toward her .
tr	8	It 's not going to rain . "
tr	7	We can go in there .
tr	6	Even the only woman standing nearby did the same thing and entered a tepee .
tr	10	Let 's stop by the crime scene , see if the cops got any leads . "
tr	9	Rick gave him a grim smile before turning back to his notes .
tr	6	The first two faces were completely scanned , nothing discernable could be felt .
tr	9	It wasn 't that Carlos was a chicken .
tr	9	" Let me worry about that .
tr	10	They make a strange couple that 's for sure . "
tr	10	When the arguments for remaining near the cave were being most strongly promoted , she disagreed .
tr	7	" This is the ... " His head turned again to the stone .
tr	9	Sunday 27th November 1983 On Sunday morning Barbara stood in the kitchen with Katherine .
tr	10	I 'd hesitate to call them primitive .
tr	10	He wished he didn 't have to .
tr	9	Edie May and Taylor were zapped out of their contemplation by a giggly cheery voice from the door .
tr	6	Piercing dark eyes dominated his slim and rugged features .
tr	8	The mountain tops were now hidden by low-lying clouds and the wind was blowing much stronger .
tr	5	To the right , off the kitchen and family room , were three bedrooms .
tr	7	Your seat and steering wheel position will now adjust in accordance to your height and weight .
tr	7	Then it caught me , and I slapped him on the back .
tr	10	Yet they did not realize that they played with fire .
tr	6	Maybe , as a guy , it 's no big deal ... but as a woman , it 's frustrating .
tr	5	My stunned voice broke the ensuing deadly silence .
tr	7	She leaned her head on my shoulder and I ran my fingertips through her soft hair .
tr	8	' So did we , ' drawled Reid .
tr	8	It was time to rest , their backs and limbs tired from the long march .
tr	9	He dashed out a short email describing the high points of his analysis .
tr	6	" Em , Leonard , " awkwardly started Peter , " that sure was embarrassing . "
tr	8	But , with time and the Faith 's apparent talents , anything could be learned from a prisoner .
tr	5	" Sure , I - " " About J.D. , " he added .
tr	10	Claire gritted her teeth and tried not to utter any more swear words .
tr	7	Parnell took his glasses off and looked up at Kelly .
tr	9	If you can defeat Wolf Eyes I will make you a new race , and your people will multiply .
tr	9	The worry left Adele 's face immediately , but she turned to Rand a little warily .
tr	8	The man was clearly important and carried himself confidently , but there was an uncertainty in his posture .
tr	6	A chorus of a thousand horns blared .
tr	11	" You can 't go running off without telling me . "
tr	10	Michael had already been living in London for two years .
tr	7	" If it 's a raiding party , they 'll kill you . "
tr	9	He choked through the pain , each cough a stabbing reminder his body was not well .
tr	5	" In different worlds people carry out different missions . "
tr	9	Yet , like a crystal dropping , a voice broke the silence , shattering the glass of solemnity .
tr	6	John 's jacket was so big , he folded the sleeves back .
tr	9	Nevertheless she continued to think about it .
tr	8	They came to the banks of the river to find neither bridge nor boat .
tr	6	The lake , itself , stretched for 40 kilometres , north to south .
tr	10	It was only a matter of minutes before the host had gathered together outside the Golden House .
tr	7	" Tie your ankles to the chair legs , " she said conversationally .
tr	8	Frankie and I squeezed in a few games of War .
tr	7	From there he followed a track and made his way around the town .
tr	11	" You have any idea where they might have come from ? "
tr	7	With these simple words she slipped a plain wide band of silvery metal onto Taylor 's finger .
tr	10	He wondered if this time he 'd wake up from death .
tr	7	He pissed , washed his hands , and splashed water on his face .
tr	9	" Is good you followed us this far .
tr	9	'S o we 'll look stupid ? '
tr	10	Attempting to travel in the night has brought him nothing but pain and misfortune .
tr	10	" But what does any of this have to do with the sword ? "
tr	9	" We have to keep going .
tr	10	I didn 't even ask whether you bought a package for the bus ?
tr	7	" After that , it 's said , the baby and all its descendants could control time . "
tr	9	I hadn 't been acting like a zombie at all ; zombies don 't ransack houses .
tr	6	She extended an arm out , palms wide open , black smoke and swirling shadows covered her hand .
tr	6	" What 's the matter , Rob , intimidated ? "
tr	7	Was this the beginning of the end of time as we know it ?
tr	8	The Piccadilly line connected the airport with central London , and from there , to the rest of the city .
tr	11	The others seemed convinced that what they had been told was unquestionable truth .
tr	11	You know what the costs are for coming here .
tr	7	The young man draw a faint smile on its face and continued on their way .
tr	5	" Look , David , I killed a man last night , okay ?
tr	10	He had his front legs over the railing and his head facing into the wind .
tr	10	It was improper for a wholesome Imperial , but , alas , it was necessary for Claudio to dress like this .
tr	6	So , with her father 's approval she wore a simple blue and white , ankle length dress .
tr	8	Spade 's challenging tone did not dim Lilly Ann 's bright smile for even one moment .
tr	9	Angelique hesitated only a second before resuming her place between Drew and Dane .
tr	6	I let Jude 's pleading voice fade into the background with Jamie 's , with the sirens , with everything else .
tr	7	It gave him no clue at all to either their identity or their intentions .
tr	11	He heard what sounded like another voice , maybe two , coming from directly beneath them .
tr	11	" I promise you have nothing to worry about .
tr	11	He selected files that he thought were important .
tr	9	The vehicle veered wildly in a squeal of burning rubber and flipped .
tr	9	Listening to the puffing and groaning around him , he knew he wasn 't alone in his discomfort .
tr	11	I 've considered moving to Tennessee for just that reason . "
tr	11	Do you want us to evacuate ? "
tr	5	Blinding white light flashed and the constant dull hum made a thunderous electrical crack .
tr	11	" You should have seen what happened at the zoo today with Linc .
tr	8	Out of the corner of his eye , the shapeshifter noticed a Secret Service agent walking around the kitchen area .
tr	8	Something told him this was no ordinary test .
tr	8	" Because they 're someone 's family members " I replied and received an odd expression from everyone .
tr	9	I don 't believe it to be so .
tr	9	The glasses disappeared but the sisters could see no angels .
tr	11	He has beautiful light golden brown eyes with subtle shades of hazel in them .
tr	6	' Marcus betrayed us , ' the innkeeper gushed out without preamble .
tr	10	You 'd better get over there before one of the serving girls catches his eye , though .
tr	9	In our haste we had neglected to purchase the required ticket .
tr	8	" Yeah , but I 'm last in everything else ! "
tr	8	An arrow whistled down among them , quivering in the dirt .
tr	9	Ted gave his legs a conscious order to pick up the pace .
tr	10	Cade said , setting down his pack and walking back out the opening where the door once hung .
tr	6	Once there , Mr. Beppe hid us for a few weeks .
tr	7	In the days ahead we 'd need all the help available .
tr	11	He also noticed that not only were the county executives present , but most of the mayors as well .
tr	11	She had the option of going either before or after school , but she always did both .
tr	11	Its dying light showed that they were on the very edge of a huge cliff .
tr	11	And that 's why we had to move now .
tr	8	He wanted to kill me .
tr	11	" All I have to do is wait and the others will show up . "
tr	9	" They know it 's an ambush , " she breathed .
tr	10	" He was outside last night when we went to the improv show , " Ryan says .
tr	10	Scott was not sure why he had called out like that .
tr	8	The coyote , ravenous as it always was , began to tear the heart apart , gulping down mouthful after mouthful .
tr	7	The dead placed into body bags and laid on the flight deck .
tr	6	" No , it was a good try , but it 's not the best one . "
tr	9	Noah peeled the bills out of an outer pocket of his backpack that was still dry .
tr	8	" It tried to eat your heart ? "
tr	7	Once it wrapped up , the girl took the money and retreated to a large tent behind her .
tr	8	Unfolding the dirty scrap of paper , Zelda cannot believe her eyes .
tr	7	Her eyes met his briefly and she could feel her heart leap .
tr	6	" This is not good , not good at all , " I say pacing the floor .
tr	6	His breathing ragged , he grabbed open his car door , got in and squealed off .
tr	8	" Only a few dozen times , " Sam remarked drily , fishing out his cell phone and holding it up .
tr	10	" Father , what if I climbed down the chain and got the princess out that way ? "
tr	7	Every other person here has left , including the women .
tr	7	" Someone will come with us . "
tr	11	He fought down the urge to protest , to defend himself from this newest mark on her soul .
tr	10	The Confederates would hear the sound of the Union rifles and fire in that direction .
tr	7	Christy added , interested in math .
tr	9	I tore down the winding paths , ducking the tree branches , and leaping the cracks in the pavement .
tr	7	The two fishermen walked in next , Clem Johnson and his crewman Perry Winslow .
tr	8	" He is a favorite of the earl , " the watch captain said .
tr	6	... system failures ... ground-based ... secondary nuclear events ... " " Oh Jesus , " said Tom .
tr	6	And when she did , she literally whooped with delight .
tr	9	How is he supposed to learn other basic things ? "
tr	6	The hinges moved smoothly , however , and they glided outside .
tr	8	She 's opening up a bit but we still know hardly anything about her over the last umpteen years .
tr	8	" Why you little ... ! "
tr	10	These two might have just completely destroyed all his plans in a single moment of stupidity .
tr	9	She needed time to think about this .
tr	9	A sudden clattering sound between his own suction noises causes him to freeze in place .
tr	9	He had to at least ask for a name .
tr	10	" It was painful to see them in that state .
tr	10	I searched her eyes but found nothing that revealed the truth .
tr	7	" Finally figured it out , have you ? "
tr	10	" You will send that governess to me instantly , do you hear ? "
tr	9	She did used to do that .
tr	9	Nathan even recruited the camp leader and his thugs , but their duty was mainly to run the shrinking camp .
tr	7	he asked her , his voice controlled but his mind shaking .
tr	11	He said she didn 't know what she was .
tr	6	The boughs of the hemlocks and firs dripped with recent rain .
tr	11	I stick my hands out attempting to feel the stairwell door .
tr	10	" I 'll guess I 'll climb down there . "
tr	8	Falling into the dark abyss , his stomach lurches , jolting him awake .
tr	8	And Ben and the boys set off in good heart to meet their next adventure .
tr	5	And yet , even in the rain , it never goes out .
tr	6	" I have no name , " he responded with proud defiance .
tr	8	This would go on , intermittently , through that day and the night .
tr	11	Steve 's mind immediately went into overdrive to identify a better venue to continue this battle .
tr	5	Monster RR 15 HP 13 Damage 1d6 Gold : 0 XP : 100 .
tr	6	Stories of demons and legendary beings , good versus bad , fantastical creatures , hidden pathways to the great unknown .
tr	7	Some secret weapon you knew was hidden there ?
tr	8	War between the two tribes had been going on for eons .
tr	9	" Can ' thank ya enough fer yer kindness , " he said .
tr	8	" Then you ran the battery flat you idiot ! "
tr	10	" He is a petty turncoat , by keeping our eyes upon him we can make sure he causes no harm .
tr	7	I know about you and Jolie . "
tr	9	How many foes has he created in exchange for a single friend ?
tr	6	I didn 't said a word , just sighting .
tr	9	It was the stranger from the boat wreck who barely remembered his name .
tr	11	I don 't know what to make of it .
tr	11	She looked as if she had lived in the mountains all her life and not in the Texas flatlands .
tr	7	' Better get up there , ' Calvin said grabbing the Little Spirit banners .
tr	9	" From their initial creation in the 1960s as a separatist group , they have continually challenged the Noel Accords .
tr	8	" Then tell me how far you did plan . "
tr	10	Harry , on point , soon found a thicket that afforded a good view and excellent concealment .
tr	9	His eyes were worried and she felt herself smiling with reassurance .
tr	11	Tell them what prize you were after on that trip .
tr	6	What was his little brother doing ?
tr	11	" You should 've seen the thing that attacked Lucas . "
tr	9	How did he know who sent us ?
tr	11	He stood and began to pace the length of the Hall restlessly .
tr	7	A new day that feels no different from the last .
tr	9	The blankets and sheets that had covered her body were bloody and shredded .
tr	11	The knee in its groin seemed to have no effect on the zombie 's attack .
tr	6	" Yeah she 's pretty , but her personality -- horrible . "
tr	8	The others were easy to understand , for good or ill .
tr	8	In two steps she stood in front of him again , peering into his face .
tr	10	In seconds , half of Hyrule Field glows as if the sun has suddenly leaped over the horizon .
tr	10	" This isn 't the one I saw online , remember ?
tr	10	How happy I could be because they weren 't there , but the intuition didn 't left me alone .
tr	7	Then suddenly he laughed the most uproarious laugh of all .
tr	9	" I don 't want to kill the dog .
tr	7	The only rule against such behavior was : ' don 't get caught . '
tr	7	Her next dagger was already in the air , spinning toward the target .
tr	10	Suddenly she flops painfully onto her face hitting the synthetic hardwood floor of The Gallery .
tr	7	Their rooms were straight up the stairs and Tommy didn 't hesitate .
tr	8	Andy noticed a strong smell of leather and polished wood as he sat down .
tr	8	His possessed hand got a grip on Mac 's gun , but a laser blast hit Tek squarely in the chest .
tr	10	It is all absurd , a strange dream where the colors on the walls are strangling each other .
tr	10	It reeks of the days of selling snake oil .
tr	8	However , the thought of Zoe loving and raising her daughter gave him a sense of warmth .
tr	5	Especially not with such a willing tutor ! '
tr	9	" I thought you 'd have one . "
tr	11	' But , I 'm delighted to have met you Katherine .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , I never let my guard down .
tr	7	Martin was whoring himself to the masses .
tr	11	There were no more turns to mark .
tr	9	The woman stood motionless , an embodiment of paralyzed horror , staring fixedly at the apparition .
tr	6	With great trepidation she pulled out the stopper and took a sip .
tr	7	" Well , it 's been a thousand years ... it 's a long story , sirs . "
tr	5	So maybe it wasn 't a boat ride .
tr	8	" Son , " Nathan began in a quiet voice , " she didn 't mean it .
tr	7	" You seem out of sorts today , Mr. Neil . "
tr	9	Claire pulled her jacket in tighter and huddled against the wind as they reached the ridge .
tr	6	" Malcolm didn 't do anything . "
tr	9	She 'd spent twice that waiting already .
tr	8	Two chocolate milkshakes , please , and we will leave you to your privacy . "
tr	9	" The water 's bound to be freezing .
tr	7	Blood soaked rapidly through his shirt and dripped onto the expensive Venetian carpet .
tr	7	I have to leave . "
tr	11	" So , okay , then I 'm not going to be put to death ? "
tr	8	Carlos panicked - then fired his pistol five more times .
tr	8	It was not as loud as before but it visibly shook her body .
tr	7	Then came that single shot again and an Arab howled in pain , grabbing his side .
tr	6	With one quick thrust I aimed for his big belly .
tr	9	Rift asks , still uncomfortable with the idea of such alliances .
tr	9	It was still dark , still quite a while before the sun came up over the tree canopy to the east .
tr	8	He slid the narrow end of the bar into the lock hasp and pried with his whole body behind the effort .
tr	7	As his everyday life had once been , he trusted Jacob explicitly .
tr	6	No hearts and flowers , not even a fruit basket , just a quick disconnection .
tr	5	Just the gig hoist and the fuel , water , and gas storage .
tr	5	With that thought , he made up his mind .
tr	6	And then , like a bad dream , she let out a disapproving groan , broke the kiss and backed away .
tr	9	The night lasted what seemed like an age .
tr	7	Same rules apply to you , too .
tr	8	We need this to work , we 're nearly out of options . "
tr	8	Doctor Hartman 's chest cracks open , a mess of wires and fluids spit out of the opening .
tr	9	I was sentenced to be drawn and quartered .
tr	5	Bat Man HP 80 RR 14 Damage 2d6 Speed : 4 Gold : none .
tr	9	It needs to be on target .
tr	11	He said , " Yes sir one small leak starboard amidships being dealt with , nothing serious . "
tr	9	Left alone the eggs could be found by predators and eaten .
tr	6	" Oh , very clear , " muttered Lesley , and I asked , " What about the diaries ? "
tr	9	The waitress quickly returned holding two huge jugs of beer in each hand .
tr	6	Pushing him aside , she stood up .
tr	9	The base was teeming with officers of the Italian Air Force .
tr	8	Would Jolie believe I was lost ?
tr	8	The mid-afternoon light poured through the small living area window flooding the room with its stark , almost clinical rays .
tr	9	" That means everything to me , " Brand said as he picked the crown off his head .
tr	10	After the third or fourth hit , the enemy faced Izzy and the minigun on his right shoulder began spewing fire .
tr	6	But the news story wasn 't over yet .
tr	11	Bradley 's worst fears were confirmed when Megan was done talking .
tr	7	In the beginning , though , they were actually pretty nice to me .
tr	11	You will have to be better than that -- you will be a bodyguard .
tr	5	" You know , I saw a bird the other day . "
tr	6	The Angel skilfully landed the starship in a shady secluded spot .
tr	10	Ted didn 't bother trying to answer .
tr	6	" Wake up , Eda , ' tis morning . "
tr	9	They had been stationed as lookouts , a small group of soldiers huddled around a fire .
tr	8	Again the bubble burst leaving the small banks and the savings and loans hung out to dry .
tr	8	But Stalin 's eyes had gone all buggy behind his tiny round glasses .
tr	6	My Grandfather 's surviving son , my dad , would have inherited . "
tr	10	I was afraid he 'd kill himself . "
tr	5	" No , he 's not , " Chris said .
tr	7	he growled , flinging off her hand .
tr	7	Then they started plowing again .
tr	10	screamed Scarborough who went from very timidly nervous to positively enrage at that point .
tr	11	Auntie Claire why is your friend talking to me like I 'm a baby .
tr	7	Sometimes , I 'll have a sharp pain there but it never lasts long . "
tr	8	The force of something leaving the camera pushed my body back .
tr	8	" I 'm concerned about the new direction , " Chuck said , " Hank wouldn 't have liked it . "
tr	7	And , as predicted , the Prince was soundly beaten at both competitions .
tr	6	Beyond that , ranks of firs and pines rose against the Enemy Mountain slopes in uncountable numbers .
tr	9	She left , and I realized that was just a dream .
tr	5	" But -- the transition -- " " Yes , " the colonizer nodded .
tr	6	A caption reads : Six degrees north latitude and eighty-eight degrees west longitude .
tr	8	I supposed he was right .
tr	6	It almost sounds like a plea .
tr	5	Together and silently , the pair exited the observation deck .
tr	8	" Normally , it would be extra cannon an ' balls , lad .
tr	6	" I don 't know yet , honey .
tr	9	His parents were returning from a business meeting on the South Carolina border .
tr	5	Without any further discussion , Tsuyoshi presented the bill .
tr	6	Instead , he reached into his pocket for his notepad .
tr	9	" Yes , but I want to make sure you have a path .
tr	9	He was lying face down on something damp .
tr	9	Sofia tried to stop him but Raven caught her hands and shook its head .
tr	9	It was large enough to hold a man .
tr	8	Then , I was inside the cabin of the Bell 222 .
tr	7	There was a thud outside the room .
tr	6	With her left she made mystic gestures in the air .
tr	9	She opened the boot and tried to take away my luggage .
tr	11	I absorb it in the way you already saw in the woods .
tr	9	Stacy sat in her bed and started reading through the book .
tr	11	It wasn 't practised with people who were just sick .
tr	10	He stood there , hands in the pockets of his brown trousers .
tr	5	New York : Park Avenue March 9th : 618 Park Avenue : Seventh floor .
tr	11	There was no time to react to it , it just happened .
tr	9	" How wonderful , that I have been named in his honour . "
tr	5	Causing business problems for Roslyn , Owen , Finn , and Jo-Jo .
tr	9	" If we let the Confederation prevail , they will succeed in dividing this planet .
tr	7	A dark , unidentifiable smudge of something was smeared across his cheek .
tr	7	She said , " Like what ? "
tr	8	At the tiny but adorable café halfway up , I begged off to use the bathroom .
tr	6	I dropped to the ground .
tr	6	" Not me , imbecile , " Trick hisses , eyes alight with fury .
tr	10	She could not continue to wear them , and not only because they were ruined .
tr	5	" Humans are so weak , annoying , whiny and stupid . "
tr	8	According to the eccentric scientist , the compound was constructed over sixty cycles ago .
tr	7	" Never mind , a lot of adults haven 't read it at all .
tr	10	My heart is picking up , tuning to the rise in both their energy levels .
tr	5	There was another long , exhausting , and drawn-out push .
tr	9	It will be supper soon and we need to get changed . "
tr	8	Rather than drive home to Eaton Bishop George had stayed over at Jennie 's .
tr	11	The long , smooth muscles in her arms worked as she began to rock it back and forth .
tr	9	No doubt she 's been given plenty of cause for nightmares .
tr	6	" Not only that , " Jacob said , " she wasn 't keen on me , either . "
tr	9	In her sleep she had curled a little closer to his warmth , tucking her hand beneath her chin .
tr	6	Turning to , Jon , Julia says , " You did a great job also , Jon . "
tr	6	" Why don 't I take our guests inside and you show them around . "
tr	10	I 'm going to dig up his rotting carcass and kill him again ! "
tr	7	I passed the paper across to him .
tr	7	Only the 105mm guns and the 30mm Vulcans had the specially coated ' carbon carbon ' tungsten ammunition .
tr	11	Drake tried to pretend he was coughing .
tr	7	Hiro looked awful with bags under his eyes and the bruise before his ear deep green and purple .
tr	7	The enemy beat us here , but we 've engaged and eliminated them .
tr	7	" Oh , you are right , " Vijay sighed , " I had a hectic night .
tr	9	On this particular occasion however , it appears the joke was on him .
tr	6	" We saw the bear digging in the drum .
tr	7	" I had fifteen seconds left , why the panic ? "
tr	8	she said with a hint of exasperation .
tr	6	My voice sounds weak , unconvincing .
tr	7	" Do not fear me , my friends .
tr	10	They were close enough to see through the windows .
tr	7	When they returned , the Lady was well , but they said nothing to each other .
tr	6	" I 've seen her kind before , though .
tr	9	" Hello , Trudy " he responded as he set Vivian down and went to hug her .
tr	10	I have a feeling she 's hiding something .
tr	11	He pushed back from the computer , unsure what to make of the whole thing .
tr	11	Gon na have to find that out later .
tr	11	You seem to have no problem pulling out your gun on a public beach .
tr	8	He desired to protect another soul .
tr	6	Neither man made any noise or movement , but both stood stock still .
tr	9	Joe didn 't seem to be breathing .
tr	5	she asked much too sharply .
tr	5	" Hello , " he stammered .
tr	7	" So you should come with us !
tr	6	" Wow , that 's really annoying , " said Duke .
tr	5	It gave off a weird , yellow glow .
tr	10	Directly in front of them was something that looked like a riverbed .
tr	9	I looked around the lab , aware of the curious stares of the scientists and several Hunters .
tr	8	He sees little of interest because the light levels are so poor .
tr	7	I assured him , shaking my head .
tr	6	" What 's the matter , dear ? "
tr	9	He paused for a moment to recheck his assumptions , then nodded again .
tr	7	Engines underneath it kept it afloat and these engines were also under attack .
tr	11	" Bid my old and trusty former knight to bring his concerns before me .
tr	6	" Something you 're not tellin ' me . "
tr	7	He means hacker , " said Victoria , looking at William .
tr	9	" We have to get her back , " Jason states angrily .
tr	9	The white phosphorous rounds burst in mid-air and descended on tiny parachutes , burning white and bright .
tr	11	Hailey had been the first to awaken , then Noah , then Miss Julie .
tr	7	I cannot love that easily other person . "
tr	7	They rode long and hard , following the river valley east .
tr	9	Don 't try to stop him .
tr	9	Besides , the homicide unit was starting to wear me down . '
tr	7	" I just thought like you and there it was . "
tr	10	There was a pair of gold eyes gleaming out of the darkness back at me .
tr	10	What we see as state of the art technology is far behind what they use .
tr	7	The two stepped out beneath the starlit sky and walked down to the beach .
tr	8	Then the bombshell : " I 'm letting you go . "
tr	10	There was Jonas who standing in her way .
tr	10	' You think he 's one of them ? '
tr	6	Around her , gentle breathing indicated the other sleepers in the room .
tr	6	But if you stay and fight , it could widen and drag him in . "
tr	10	Toby walked by the glass wall of Ben 's office and tapped on the door frame .
tr	10	What he did know now beyond any doubt was that something strange was going on around here .
tr	11	' I thought you said we needed weapons . '
tr	6	" This is just the first notebook , there are many others .
tr	8	It didn 't start with Ryan , but I tell him it did .
tr	9	She stayed quiet a while before saying , " I know . "
tr	7	" You stay , but get in a workout . "
tr	6	According to this map , the outer and inner rings intersect every 25,000 years . "
tr	8	" Eddie , how are you ? "
tr	6	" Would not you ? "
tr	8	In a weakened voice , he said , " They 've killed me .
tr	7	There was a flash to my right .
tr	10	So many words burned in my throat , wanting to be spoken .
tr	11	He gathered up Brute 's reins , urging the horse forwards through the crowd of men and out of the gate .
tr	8	Nathan raced over and pulled Bethany back , but she was straining , furious with anger .
tr	8	" I don 't know , " Taylor was getting agitated again .
tr	10	She and Adele had often talked of him , of his handsomeness and the excellence of his person .
tr	11	There was a slight pause as always , giving time for orders to be written down .
tr	9	I could feel the energy draining from my body by the minute .
tr	6	" This is Vince and Cara , their twin sons , Rafe and Rane , their wives Kathy and Savannah . "
tr	10	" Would have been nice to know .
tr	8	So this was how it would be .
tr	8	In the gloom , force danced with technique and each waited for the other to trip .
tr	6	It fills my ears , sweet drum .
tr	8	It should have gone back to the Empress . "
tr	11	Far better to get us out of the King 's Arms as soon as possible .
tr	10	Numb , that was perhaps the best way to put it .
tr	8	" Hey , you 're late for lunch , " the red haired girl , Kat said from the kitchen .
tr	8	This was followed by a loud , long hiss .
tr	8	Oh , come on Claire , this is the only thing between you and a cup of tea .
tr	9	The stone rose , shifting and melting into red hot slabs , pouring upward into thin walls .
tr	9	He smiled then he took a seat back to his chair .
tr	7	And with a large pistol in his hand , aimed right at the giant 's face .
tr	7	If they had known , they would have told us .
tr	10	" Johnny , nice place you 've got here " the green detective said .
tr	11	It was a large building of dark stone , supported by thick gray pillars and capped with a domed roof .
tr	9	" But if plates are being pushed together , I thought you would get huge volcanoes ? "
tr	10	I had to keep looking away .
tr	11	As soon as the sorrow appeared in Peyton 's eyes , it disappeared , replaced by a steely determination .
tr	8	Today however , among the usual flotsam and detritus there was something actually worth looking at .
tr	6	After all , their bodies were unharmed , despite the earthquake .
tr	5	" Oh , balderdash , " Miriam said .
tr	9	" Landon , the web is incomplete -- it 's going to fail . "
tr	8	The sun will be down shortly and the ships are just now anchoring , still a good ways out . "
tr	9	Matthew asked unable to believe his luck .
tr	10	And now he was doing something strange which he could not explain .
tr	8	He peered at the fang at the top of the circle .
tr	10	He seemed to relish saying it .
tr	7	murmured Reid with a frown .
tr	6	A finely tailored suit , sans the jacket , fit his tanned body like a glove .
tr	8	I directed my glare of complete evil between the two of them .
tr	11	Seize the day , because life is short and time is fleeting , or some such thing .
tr	7	I shook myself and dropped some leaves into the water .
tr	8	Everyone needed to calm down .
tr	8	" I have been considering the profits , " Virgil said stiffly .
tr	7	' If I was a betting man , I 'd go with the latter option . '
tr	7	Small PI firms like our own had just about managed before the recession .
tr	7	Of course , I had no plans of stopping .
tr	5	" Okay , so anyway , what happened ? "
tr	10	It felt like a lifetime ago since I held Anna in my arms .
tr	10	" So , would you mind telling me what my mother 's middle name is ? "
tr	9	Finally ready for the ceremony , Marja looked her over and nodded in acceptance of her appearance .
tr	8	There 's to be no ceremony .
tr	11	But the Heavenly Chapters tell us ' No man or woman can be closer to you than God . '
tr	6	" Listen , King Bobby and I - " Ignoring her , Mike glared at the big man in the booth .
tr	7	I shook his hand briskly and turned to the man behind him .
tr	8	You left off the last three letters to test me .
tr	8	he yelled over the noise of the engines .
tr	9	Make sure she is undisturbed .
tr	5	No ferns or bushes or seedlings , not even the normal y ever-present creepers and weeds .
tr	8	" Pledge to be honorable and just . "
tr	8	It 's so hard to think at all right now .
tr	6	' She fancies me , ' whispered both men at precisely the same time .
tr	6	" All right , " I said reluctantly , and Eric smiled and tip toed in .
tr	6	" That 's legal , " I say .
tr	9	With nowhere to go , Jake would often spend the night in the woods near his house .
tr	11	I looked up and saw the next wall of snow roiling as it charged down the snow slope .
tr	8	But we all do what we can , eh ?
tr	8	They had been on the run now for many hours and they all needed rest .
tr	7	Jacob 's face was reddening , his anger growing .
tr	10	Are you doing this on purpose ? "
tr	10	I knew he wanted to leave .
tr	6	" Oh yes , the humans and their finite lives that are three times the length of ours .
tr	8	The shot had been terrific - and fired through the open door to their right .
tr	8	Despite his nervousness , Chris was proud of himself , but even more surprised that it actually worked .
tr	8	Let 's be honest , we are in 21 's century .
tr	10	Instead she thought about Amy and hoped she 'd be okay .
tr	9	" I was afraid this might happen .
tr	10	I 'll give you Melody back and you give me what she stole from me . "
tr	8	But Cobb seemed distracted about something and hadn 't noticed Chris 's hello .
tr	7	I was chasing him and then , all of a sudden , I 'm waking up here instead . "
tr	11	She put one hand on his forehead and said , " No use rushing things , now , you poor dear .
tr	7	Kurt was sneering at the other fellow .
tr	8	The two said goodbye to all their pirate friends .
tr	9	That must have been very frustrating for you , " Aria says with a sad laugh .
tr	6	" I ... I didn 't know ... " said Nina , crying .
tr	10	" I 'm so glad to see you guys ! "
tr	11	Located on a low rise at the end of a residential street , it had spectacular views over the water .
tr	9	Two years ago they had embarked on a voyage from India to Portugal , a supposedly easy and hassle-free voyage .
tr	5	" I 'm incredibly handsome and clever . "
tr	5	CM : The -- BG : The funny farm , the sanitarium , the nut house , the 13th floor .
tr	7	Salazar needed to die , whatever the cost .
tr	6	He fell out of a boat .
tr	10	And hunters to protect against invading monsters .
tr	6	It 's your choice , either way the damn things leaving here today . "
tr	7	Chapter 5 Magnificent Desolation Dr. Dalla Lana strode into the exam room and scribbled onto a chart .
tr	9	Chris needed to think about that .
tr	9	She could still hear his footsteps but she was not sure where it came from .
tr	8	He attempted to speak , but the words made no sense .
tr	5	And in the morning , decent human things like coffee and porridge .
tr	9	We didn 't want to change anything .
tr	6	His pants landed on the floor outside me .
tr	9	Before noon today this man tried to see me dead .
tr	5	Instead , he said , " Savvy .
tr	10	I can hear the faint hiss of the highway in the distance .
tr	8	She smiled as she thought it through .
tr	7	Hai Hai eyed the priest 's stupid grin and twitched her whiskers in annoyance .
tr	8	Blood pumps from the hole in his chest and onto his desk .
tr	8	Alejo set his jaw , then motioned to Benjamin and Gabriel .
tr	5	My beloved daughter , your people need you now more than ever .
tr	6	She stole a look up at him from beneath lowered lashes .
tr	7	It slowed down , backfired like a shot , and stopped right past the gate .
tr	8	Make use of everything you have - use your arms , fists , feet , everything .
tr	11	It 's high time you started acting accordingly . "
tr	6	But the one Alejo really dreaded telling was Ishmael Khan .
tr	5	The screaming , the wind , the lights , and the way Romeo embraced them .
tr	10	Matthew returned to where they were getting themselves together .
tr	10	Forgot he had to eat .
tr	5	Without hesitation , he responds , " 129 North Hale Street . "
tr	11	I snuck up the stairs as the moon set , hoping to find him asleep .
tr	11	He was discharged after declining a less demanding role in a training centre .
tr	5	Some panicked , some calm , all a little too loud .
tr	10	How good is she going to be in combat ? "
tr	6	An aerial view of Pearl Harbor popped up .
tr	9	Long before the sun can even peek over the horizon , Ganondorf is strapping on the last of his armor .
tr	11	I thought , like , the school will catch on fire , " Jess said .
tr	10	We have information to share with you .
tr	11	She started to think about using an inn .
tr	8	Smoke was coming off Jimmy 's arms and legs .
tr	8	At our feet was an old stone well with no water inside .
tr	9	They carried long , cane staffs with the tips ordained with white feathers .
tr	7	Once inside , I clawed upwards , the coldness palpable through my very marrow .
tr	10	" You only have to worry for one minute , " he teased .
tr	6	When I asked , he replied , " I 'm on vacation , more or less . "
tr	8	This land they all knew and with luck , it would also serve them well .
tr	11	Determined to forever keep this moment in his memory he took a deep breath .
tr	9	Cook had no one else to turn to . "
tr	8	Ah , that 's it , Mae Chan ... yes I will call on Mae Chan . "
tr	11	He picked up his staff which was leaning against a doorway close to the yachts helm .
tr	7	" If the house is still asleep , it 's a miracle . "
tr	8	The air is so hard to pull in .
tr	6	Ten minutes later they went down the fire escape and left their small , sweet world behind .
tr	9	She looked at him with concern etched in her mind .
tr	6	He was not feeling quite so frisky then .
tr	9	A citizen being escorted by a Junior Commander had not gone unnoticed by the passengers of the tram .
tr	6	" I woke up and you were gone , Mallory was gone , Bran was gone , everyone was gone ! "
tr	6	In a two-dimensional world , you still get straight lines , but many lines make one figure .
tr	5	" Sure mom , " Tori said and laughed .
tr	11	The way he said ' I love you ' seemed a bit too final , she thought .
tr	11	" Let 's fire her up after we got some sleep , " Taylor suggested .
tr	6	Chapter 17 -- Together " But only half of us survived the first one ! "
tr	8	" Wait , " she breathes , hanging on to his hand tightly .
tr	10	We have a lot to do today , " Derrick states .
tr	8	" Do not take anything you see in the houses , " said Lord Harald .
tr	9	When he turned south on the M5 the Audi was replaced by a dirty blue Vauxhall .
tr	9	If you 'd fallen down and cut your head , there 'd have been blood everywhere . "
tr	9	Do you have armour ? "
tr	5	Indeed , the starry heavens brought him a strange , painful emotion .
tr	6	Now it 's flat , " he said sadly .
tr	5	The Best Damned Squirrel Dog ( Ever ) -- A Civil War ghost story .
tr	8	He had never seen this side of the warlord before .
tr	8	If he is so blasted uninterested , why does he kick in doors and choke people ?
tr	8	A pause while a lower voice rumbled something .
tr	5	His temper , always so easy , was pricked .
tr	9	I heard my aide call to me hastily and I looked up at him from my desk in the mobile tent .
tr	9	That peculiar tour only made her want this island more .
tr	7	As Jozef , his right hand man , pulled out his phone , a jolt ripped through me .
tr	10	Then he grabbed the others that were walking close .
tr	6	He moved his hand , and the pain became a burning coal .
tr	8	Setting aside their hurried desertion of the place , they otherwise seemed like professionals .
tr	10	Then they were relieved when the frightful warrior went on by them .
tr	5	" A deck , the carpet is wet . "
tr	8	" Will we get rickets ? "
tr	9	The shiny marble floor appeared to be slippery but was not .
tr	8	Their strength combined , the duo quickly overpowers their helmed antagonist , finding himself permanently on the defensive .
tr	8	He had no idea how much he would need .
tr	8	I 'm presuming some sort of vote ? "
tr	9	We 've got to find that boat . "
tr	7	And then , with a deliberate slowness , the dark figure disengaged from the larger force and strode forward .
tr	10	We 'll try to get to you . "
tr	10	he barked the next order His men looked at him in horror .
tr	8	Tim mouthed back pointing at the book .
tr	11	" He 's gon na chase us out of the school , " Sarah said .
tr	10	She made the choice to marry him and what she got was a loving and caring husband .
tr	7	And if he heard unnecessary murmurs -- just as his last name implied -- he meant war !
tr	8	" Looks like we 're here . "
tr	8	Sunlight drenched the cabin , streaming in from large windows .
tr	8	And both of them were at quite a loss in his presence .
tr	8	This man had risked everything , and he might lose his life , for me .
tr	7	Tony 's eyes rolled back in his head as he fainted .
tr	7	" That your insane plan ' worked ' doesn 't excuse you of your sins , though .
tr	10	I just looked at it as a natural progression like from a model T to a brand new Corvette .
tr	11	Christy tried to zoom in on it , but couldn 't tell exactly what was going on .
tr	11	" What to look for I cannot say , for I have no idea .
tr	6	Paulo 's clear hazel eyes widened and then closed , very slowly .
tr	8	Goodbye , Stephens , I 'll send you a telegram from Baghdad . "
tr	11	Paul struggled as he tried to digest this information .
tr	7	I took in the dark circles under her eyes and the fresh bruises on her arms .
tr	7	So , suit up and get into the plane .
tr	9	Mark leaned around Josie to look at the driving teen .
tr	11	Noah 's hands were shaking , though he tried to smile , and he actually seemed on the verge of tears .
tr	5	There was a small doll carriage , too .
tr	5	By the fire was a small , square table and a single chair .
tr	5	This guy was a killer .
tr	6	I scrolled down but the text was complete gibberish .
tr	9	" Who said anything about chartering a jet ?
tr	5	" Yes , but they know I 'm a council operative .
tr	6	" But supposing , Your Majesty , just this once , it has accidental y occurred ?
tr	9	I followed the memory of my mom 's hazel eyes , her smile , her laugh .
tr	8	Or maybe laying on the roof , next to a skylight .
tr	8	And then the crows come for most of us .
tr	9	" About earlier ... " She heard him spoke with a low tone .
tr	7	People were rare , but several man-made paths led through the forests .
tr	7	As the night wore on , Avery felt weary and troubled still about his situation .
tr	7	Because I assure you my queen , I 'm quite the catch . "
tr	5	Gabe 's voice is shaking .
tr	10	Andre told me all staff masters have a one fight limit in the first round . "
tr	9	Janet asked him in a snippy voice , " And just who do you propose should be cut ?
tr	10	It was cold , but the sun took away most of the bite of winter .
tr	7	The basilisk felt the impact of the bullets .
tr	6	Taylor asked with raised eyebrows .
tr	8	He took a deep breath , consciously loosened his fingers and gently pushed the stick to the right .
tr	9	But always keep in mind that every word of this is true and fact not fiction .
tr	5	' Three hours and thirty-three minutes , ' I said .
tr	7	" He marched on Atlanta and destroyed the South during the Civil War . "
tr	6	A sense of unease sapped my confidence .
tr	10	Just as he imagined would happen , he didn 't recognize himself .
tr	8	Walking back into the kitchen , Andy found Mr Meadows already dressed for work .
tr	7	Then he got the message loud and clear and closed his mouth again .
tr	8	" You do him , " she said abruptly , jerking her head at the Prince .
tr	9	I expect they 'll be primitive . "
tr	7	This was a totally unexpected turn of events .
tr	11	I began to see without really using my eyes .
tr	8	Despite years of training he felt like a small boy , lost and about to cry .
tr	7	The temperamental stallion shook his head briefly , his ears back and huffed at Mal .
tr	6	" Now , eat , Mr. Neil , or my wife will have my head !
tr	7	He wanted big , chubby women and showed off his own women standing behind him .
tr	9	Got to keep the super powers on the down low . "
tr	6	And thank you for the rain warning . "
tr	7	Here is the land of my quest . "
tr	9	There were places for four people at each table .
tr	10	That 's gon na be your entire take from this here venture .
tr	6	For me , a pint of Ben & Jerry 's was a single serving .
tr	9	Like any creature she wants to be free , and like any falcon , she wants to fly .
tr	9	The rock face must be a hundred feet high , he thought .
tr	8	His heart pounded in his chest as he neared the top .
tr	9	After shaking out the blanket Scott draped it over the bannister before returning to the office .
tr	6	With beady eyes blinking , the troll 's head peaked up out of the settling dust cloud .
tr	8	He threatened to fire him .
tr	6	He pushed his emotions into a small ball in his stomach .
tr	7	Shaking the king awake , we gathered around the small table to trade stories .
tr	11	Are you willing to do that ? "
tr	11	Of course , it had been Phillip 's light that we saw from the grounds earlier .
tr	5	Why , she wondered , but more importantly , how ?
tr	7	My voice sounds whiny even to me .
tr	7	Simon walked outside the station and caught a taxi to the nearest motorbike dealer .
tr	7	The castle was filled with laughter and baby voices .
tr	9	One of the other women was standing on the other side of the cooking circle .
tr	10	I need to tell you something , " she said the moment she could speak again .
tr	10	Claire put the phone back to her ear as Kim finished talking and spoke thoughtfully .
tr	8	Maybe I 'd gotten Aimee fired , too ?
tr	7	Suddenly , the towel was yanked off his head and he could see again .
tr	7	" We make camp now , hide truck . "
tr	8	David stood in the door , cradling his hand to his chest .
tr	6	' Get in , ' said the major curtly .
tr	6	" All that shouting was about a pencil ? "
tr	7	I don 't see one , do you ? "
tr	11	He was going to the same place they were anyway .
tr	7	Her unapologetic grin brought a flush of blood to Claire 's cheeks .
tr	10	David looked at his son who nodded enthusiastically .
tr	7	" You should have seen -- " Words failed him , and he doubled over again .
tr	8	" First , you tell me about this town of yours .
tr	9	Trying to hide her unease , Claire smiled at Kim .
tr	10	The weight of the Sig on her belt under her jacket was comforting .
tr	6	" So far so good , except Cricket seems like a right old bully .
tr	9	Arthur didn 't hear any of them leave the room .
tr	11	' Good , good , let 's hope we catch up with them soon .
tr	10	" Send the portal and I will fly through it .
tr	9	She had her hair cut short , and pinned up .
tr	6	The Chief and Wizard never got along , and their unfriendly rivalry was strong .
tr	8	When Chickasaw warriors gained entrance to the walls , the fight was short .
tr	6	Throwing the sword away , he grabbed the woman 's neck in a swift motion .
tr	9	" I want you to let it go . "
tr	11	They got their party settled down in cabins near the Taylor family .
tr	5	" This Abby , gives you away . "
tr	8	He hit flesh with the blade before it struck the hollow bark .
tr	6	" Oh my God , my baby ... my baby ... " " Mom , what 's wrong ? "
tr	7	The supposed John took my assignment from the teacher twice and threw it out the window " .
tr	8	With his mother a member of the Senate , they might draw their own conclusions .
tr	9	Now that the rain has come back there 'll be food and work for everyone .
tr	9	You weren 't supposed to be there . "
tr	9	What had been done to me ?
tr	10	She gave Kurt the condensed version , finishing with her theory of the next target .
tr	10	Rift responds , suddenly unsure about the source of Mai 's power .
tr	6	no belts or laces ... ... .
tr	9	Do you remember what happened ? "
tr	8	He plonked himself next to Danny .
tr	10	I have to take him on in the arena . "
tr	7	Surely you do -- it is every human woman 's duty ! "
tr	11	His mind was stunned and dumbfounded at the magnitude of the riches he faced .
tr	11	The band didn 't know whether to celebrate or not .
tr	10	" We 'll start with that as soon as we get home .
tr	7	If anyone gets separated , scream .
tr	6	" Lance , Quinton here , " a happy but deep voice announces in his ear .
tr	6	At the same moment a loud boom of thunder shook the laboratory .
tr	5	" That was close ! "
tr	7	" You have said that already , dear . "
tr	8	They each let out a blood chilling war cry as they charged each other .
tr	11	But now his mind held other thoughts , those he scarcely remembered from his youth .
tr	8	Maybe she just thought she knew but really didn 't .
tr	9	" We thought you might be them . "
tr	7	In that moment , the boy got suddenly up , I jumped off my skin .
tr	11	My sisters didn 't want anyone to know about me , and time has proven them successful in their endeavors .
tr	11	" That 's what made the floor go down . "
tr	7	" How are we looking , First Sergeant ? "
tr	7	But , you enjoy yourself sir .
tr	6	" The kick of a caribou bull had broken his jaw and many teeth besides .
tr	7	His eyes were badly crossed , his skin mottled with acne .
tr	5	Just looked , up and down , slowly , lingering , savoring .
tr	9	Want to be with her .
tr	5	" I know , but ... " " Besides , I can 't .
tr	9	Rafe 's eyes had been fixed firmly on the goblet but at this last , he turned again to Finan .
tr	9	She asked , settling one hand on her hip .
tr	6	' It 's a trap , ' I said dully .
tr	7	" I 'm sure , like a snake and a mongoose .
tr	9	Make sure you understand that .
tr	10	" We know what to expect from each other .
tr	7	" Shush up , Hank , " Hawk ordered quietly , " She 's not herself at the moment .
tr	9	Makes them hard to forge .
tr	9	She knew it was just hopeless and then she heard .
tr	9	" You won 't ever find a Princess waiting here all night for you .
tr	5	" Oh , so warm , " he said , " so very warm . "
tr	8	Christy tried to give detailed commentary along the trip , " He just gave a little boy a coin .
tr	7	" I am referring to your beloved Lars ! "
tr	10	Simon 's eyes had adjusted enough to make out the intruders outline .
tr	6	The rear section was a cargo room , slightly bigger than the control room .
tr	9	He looked around and saw some buckets in the corner near the floor drain .
tr	9	Fortunately the stream was only ankle deep but the stench had Andy and a few of the others gagging .
tr	5	And now he couldn 't see .
tr	5	" This way , Mrs. Windle , " he held out a hand .
tr	10	" I 'm afraid you don 't have a choice .
tr	7	She got up off the couch , poked the fire and threw on another log .
tr	6	Dave , the co-pilot spent the trip napping on the comfortable divan in the back .
tr	8	He grabbed the edge of the pool with his claws and pulled himself free .
tr	8	Adele had warmed the milk and it brought him a comfortable feeling of wellbeing .
tr	5	" Fine , " Rick murmured and headed down the steps .
tr	8	This is news to me , old friend . "
tr	11	It hesitated the moment it sensed the change in Miguel 's breathing .
tr	9	Whether you arrive whole or in pieces is up to you . "
tr	9	and other French niceties got lost in the crashing of pans and dishes .
tr	9	I have never seen dead growth in this valley in my lifetime . "
tr	8	We did that for money and the earth loves money . "
tr	11	Black arrows mean that you should turn back and avoid following their direction .
tr	7	His hair was wild and blowing , his eyes huge and his cheeks red from the cold .
tr	11	" I suspected we knew who Steve was the whole time . "
tr	9	They hadn 't gone far beyond the village 's boundary fence before the Angel appeared .
tr	5	" The foundation board meeting , in the conference room , now . "
tr	6	" Look man , " he said , " the whole world sucks .
tr	8	The short stories in this collection have been nominated for the Nebula and Campbell awards .
tr	10	Those thick , dark clouds are going to make the ride miserable .
tr	8	The young man 's demeanor changed to one of deference .
tr	11	She paced the room , arms waving in the air for dramatic effect .
tr	6	" So , every seat in the stadium would be a good seat right ? "
tr	9	Ricky pulled back out to look at .
tr	8	In that case do it the fuck anyway ! "
tr	7	" Have you ever considered , " Sye began slowly , " That the Priests are involved with this ? "
tr	10	I don 't want a sodding clap I want a drink .
tr	7	" Because we love you , " came at him in five-part harmony , as if rehearsed .
tr	11	They were all puzzled and stood there , not knowing what to do .
tr	8	Once mingled with the crowd , they put on their glasses and calmly set off for the ship 's conservatory .
tr	8	Only a handful still posed a legitimate threat and they were gunned down in short order .
tr	7	By now the other two teams should be in place .
tr	6	" And of course , not forgetting , ' Lord Rafe ' . "
tr	8	Lord Brogan 's disapproval would be weighing heavily on his mind .
tr	11	I 'm not even sure if anyone else but the two of us noticed the change at first .
tr	9	Eventually , like a Where 's Wally puzzle , Claire spotted an unoccupied bunk near the window .
tr	11	" It was better this way , " he replied , smiling , removing a wisp of hair from her forehead .
tr	6	colonialism at its worst . "
tr	8	In fact , the jerk had a bounce in his step and a smile on his face .
tr	10	Sarah snapped her head to look at Donovan .
tr	10	They were devastated at the cruelty of this man but they could do nothing to prevent this senseless killing .
tr	9	And now it was morning ; crisp white light filtered in through the blue checked curtains of the hospital room .
tr	5	" It 's a five foot drop .
tr	10	How she 'd be proud of you .
tr	9	He tended to use her full name for introductions .
tr	8	She pushed back the hood of her cloak and removed the black mask .
tr	7	" We were walking near the Eiffel Tower .
tr	5	" Well er , my horse and I recently had a spat .
tr	8	" What do you say we find out ? "
tr	9	I inched over to his side so I could see his face .
tr	6	And the F.B.I. With a hopeless sigh , Pigeon trudged up the porch steps and tried the door .
tr	9	The clock face on the station 's stone facade was reading five minutes to noon when we entered the central hall .
tr	9	the girl asked , as the old man helped her to her feet .
tr	5	And as his countess , she now had her obligations , as well .
tr	6	Closing them quickly , he turned the glass over .
tr	7	She touched the older man on the shoulder and spoke abruptly to him in Gaelic .
tr	8	I don 't have any use for an outlet .
tr	7	" However , for the rest you must answer to King Ine . "
tr	5	In addition , like an American car , there were two well-positioned drink cup holders .
tr	7	When he woke up they 'd crossed the Adriatic and were over Greece .
tr	5	They barely hid their angry glares .
tr	6	She made a whistling sound and nodded her head up and down .
tr	8	I wouldn 't even call this a fight , it seemed that I was outmatched .
tr	5	" Shield your eyes , boy , " Hilda whispered .
tr	11	VIN did not have a second to look around , nor did he want to .
tr	9	" You mean if they do not kill you ? "
tr	8	She 's still head of state , and they love all that pomp and ceremony .
tr	9	" And where would my little brother get his men from if not for glorified militia captains like me ? "
tr	7	He looked at the walnut veneered dashboard with its dated , circular dials and saw the needle creep up to 140 .
tr	9	Then he thought he heard someone mutter about the bird freezing to death .
tr	7	We ran after him and emerged on a parallel side road moments later .
tr	9	Another several moments passed , along with most of the first drink .
tr	5	" Manuel , you don 't understand ! "
tr	5	" What 's up there ? "
tr	9	You 're the very boy who retrieved my precious mask !
tr	6	Small , blue and white twinkling lights lined posts and poles , chairs and tables .
tr	9	" My lady , I have only just finished speaking with your lovely family .
tr	10	We 're not unbelievers who don 't follow his laws .
tr	9	Sarah smiled , and she could feel the knot in her stomach diminish .
tr	5	" Well , sir , at first it was all smooth and straightforward .
tr	7	The tiger crouched to spring .
tr	7	Oops , I had to hurry .
tr	7	I 'm in jean shorts and no shoes .
tr	8	" This will come in handy for the -- you know . "
tr	6	Steel girders lay on the ground next to it .
tr	11	" Hello Laura , I don 't think we 've been properly introduced . "
tr	10	Think you can keep it ? "
tr	11	I said curtly , struggling to hide the anxious impatience in my voice .
tr	7	" Come to me , son ! "
tr	7	Felt something on his wrists , keeping his hands from moving .
tr	11	" Does that make you feel special ? "
tr	11	Lex knew he could handle the responsibility if given the chance .
tr	6	Prewitt wears a blood stained shirt , ripped jeans , and mud covered boots .
tr	5	" This is montage stuff .
tr	8	He thought for a moment then said , ' Yeah , Only When it 's Saturday .
tr	10	They were located across the street from his front entrance and they indicated someone moving east to west .
tr	6	The Augur Collegium was just a short walk away from the Imperial Palace .
tr	8	One of the three men with you yesterday was a professional assassin , Branden . "
tr	10	She laughed at being caught red-handed .
tr	7	At first he mistook the man 's dark eyes for mad , but this man suffered from no madness .
tr	5	" Like anything else , it shut off the switch . "
tr	11	I hope it doesn 't come to that , but I fear it will at first .
tr	10	In fact , I 'm here in my role as Chairman of Zimmerman Furniture to sign these contracts myself . "
tr	11	She smiled at the man who only narrowed his eyes at her .
tr	8	Tonight they had to get far enough away .
tr	8	And it had to be soon .
tr	6	" Known to us as the Norwegian Rat . "
tr	9	I wanted Aimee to meet me for a latte this morning as usual .
tr	9	Connor turned to look at Andre .
tr	10	I 'll be moving to Enfield in the next couple of weeks .
tr	11	What was important was that Suzi looked like an everyday girl in Central Park jogging in winter .
tr	7	Smoke rising from erupting pyrotechnics was as thick as a London fog .
tr	9	Why does everything have to be so hard ?
tr	6	She arched her neck and snorted , swiveled her small fine ears , and switched her black tail .
tr	6	But the baby 's skin was gray , and for the longest moment , he made no sound at all .
tr	7	Was it beyond the wall ? "
tr	11	" But just think how cool you 'll look .
tr	8	Chase took a tight grip of his sword and bent his knee , restraining himself from a sudden breakdown .
tr	8	In the center stood a tall wooden cross , its base buried in the floor .
tr	9	Jimmy didn 't know what to think .
tr	9	If you had been more competent and found him sooner , he would still be alive ! "
tr	7	The evening would be cool and supper would hopefully be a good one .
tr	7	" We 're begging you , Missus .
tr	6	I can 't lift my hand .
tr	10	Mark was about to try a french fry and stopped .
tr	11	Reminded thusly , he reached into his pocket to feel for Mephistopheles .
tr	11	He pulls out shampoo , soap and a clean pair of boxers from the bag and tosses them onto the bed .
tr	9	Beau suddenly felt like a weight had come off his chest .
tr	9	We met after I read my latest story to a crowded salon .
tr	7	What is going on ? "
tr	7	The wind had died down and in the distance a rumble of thunder could be heard .
tr	5	" No , no , that was just a blood group match . "
tr	7	A naked light bulb sways above us , and a duffle bag and folded towel sit next to the cot .
tr	9	She hung up without waiting for an answer .
tr	6	" And the demon , the crow ... " " Gone , " the gnome said .
tr	11	Do you know what I mean ? "
tr	5	A lily and tower , an eye , and a fang .
tr	10	She walked and walked until she bumped on someone .
tr	8	" Friends , we have to open our eyes .
tr	8	Turning to the cop , he said , " But they really do look like pirates , don 't they ? "
tr	6	Without a second glance he leaped from the fence to the ground .
tr	8	Missy had to wait impatiently another three weeks before it came in .
tr	11	He has shattered the Triforce once again , " she reveals , raising her hand to display the glowing triangle .
tr	11	she asked after a long pause and I nodded in reply wondering how she knew my name .
tr	7	And your stores in particular have lots of growth opportunity .
tr	8	" Take ' em both into the house , " Finn said , turning back to the body .
tr	10	Get him a place at one of the lunch tables .
tr	6	The voices sounded friendly but you never knew .
tr	11	Emily gasped and covered her mouth before reaching for Edward 's hand .
tr	9	In twenty minutes , the president would be addressing the cadets and staff of the academy .
tr	10	He was glad his back was to her .
tr	7	It seemed as private a compartment as any , so Logan followed .
tr	9	" The bleeding is heavy , but the wound itself is not deep .
tr	10	Yours : Damian E.J. P.S. : I hope that the blonde bimbo , Helen , did not read this .
tr	10	he asked while ogling the two women of seduction and charm .
tr	9	Captain , order those ships to follow you into the harbor . "
tr	8	- Try to fall asleep .
tr	9	The grin on his face was that of a man with no soul .
tr	6	His father runs a huge publishing business ; his mother 's a doctor ; his sister is a college professor .
tr	8	Annoyed , Elaina reached for the pillars before she could think .
tr	10	The head wound - which wasn 't very deep at all - had closed up .
tr	6	All three burst out into laughter .
tr	6	" So , " he asked , " we 're cool ? "
tr	9	Do you remember how badly the North Pole suffered at your hands ?
tr	11	Sophie hesitated to be the first to speak .
tr	11	He 's going to cut it for you I think .
tr	10	" Ain 't nothing to bother folks about .
tr	11	It appeared Nigel had discovered something in the data .
tr	7	" My head is killing me and I just can 't float still .
tr	10	" Why don 't you bring me a pan with fresh water in it .
tr	7	She rose to her defense but , the old man didn 't seem amused .
tr	6	You already know this much , so I see no harm . "
tr	6	The frog and Barbie thing is odd , but - " Mom held up a hand .
tr	9	said Logan trying not to laugh .
tr	11	" Pretty hard to keep something like that from your own mother . "
tr	10	Felt sure ya detected me presence by now . "
tr	6	" Thanks , " Tori said and sipped from the glass .
tr	5	After a while , he saw the Creek sentry .
tr	8	I had to be dreaming .
tr	7	Signor Beppe replied with a big smile and a slap on the back .
tr	8	She flicks her wrist and Doctor Hartman is flung into the bulkhead next to him quickly and painfully .
tr	9	" Would you rather they had left us out ? "
tr	5	" You can really see .
tr	9	Andre and Connor lifted her into the house and tried to cool her down .
tr	10	By that time Kathy Pringle will have completed her first flight as copilot on the next flight with Maggie .
tr	8	I accept that you can 't pay .
tr	6	Large , pink and very clean , she relaxed by the water like an amplified siren .
tr	8	Her eyes met Kurt 's again .
tr	5	" Last month , your old arch-rival , Lina , had a face lift .
tr	8	Several armed Hunters stood to attention next to the windows and doors of the kitchen .
tr	10	" You must think I was born yesterday . "
tr	7	As the aircraft climbed , the speed dropped off significantly , and was already down to 430 knots .
tr	5	" Yeah , well , he 's not ' okay ' now .
tr	6	" They 're just on my hands and feet . "
tr	9	We only wish to live , and live well . "
tr	7	" Aww , we 're sorry we scared you guys ! "
tr	7	Archie calculated their fuel use and the time they 'd been airborne .
tr	6	A dark figure ahead took three strides and crossed the road .
tr	9	Everything was encrypted of course , and not that pansy off-the-shelf crap .
tr	10	" I thought you would never get out of bed .
tr	7	Again the blue eyes met his with hope and trust in their depths and his heart skipped a beat .
tr	11	Odysseus supposed he should have seen it coming .
tr	9	As he spoke , he began moving toward the riverbank , fully expecting her to follow .
tr	11	Morning has faded into afternoon when she finally sets foot on the wooden drawbridge .
tr	5	" No -- no , it isn 't -- " " Hush , darling .
tr	10	The massive deer slug went wide , missing the charging basilisk and tearing a chunk out of the wall .
tr	10	" I am Garo , " he reveals , slowly turning to face them .
tr	9	" I 'm glad we do too .
tr	10	He was on his way back down now and Missy was eager to try it out .
tr	8	" See how easily this pulls away ?
tr	8	5 out of 5 stars " Wonderful , engaging story " " Wonderful , engaging story by a talented writer .
tr	10	That should allow us to get close enough to Octavian .
tr	11	The man was always pestering my brother to take a heavier hand against the peasants .
tr	8	Lilly Ann pulled out a small piece of paper from her back pocket and handed it to Taylor .
tr	8	He was dead before he knew it .
tr	6	' How many jumps have you done before ? '
tr	9	" No burden , " Turner interrupted him , " we would love to have you .
tr	8	He wanted to question him thoroughly .
tr	8	You also should make use of this time to rest .
tr	8	" I had been in your family for such a long time , My Lady . "
tr	10	" We weren 't exactly planning on having any ... uh , " he stumbles for a word .
tr	8	" I 'm here for you now , " she interjects a little more harshly than intended .
tr	5	And Father , well , that 's a joke .
tr	8	Once they were underway , a computer included in the cargo controlled their operations .
tr	10	Do what you want to do .
tr	8	He folded his hands and set a bowler hat next to my wine .
tr	8	Suddenly , a loud clap of thunder sounded just beyond the birch trees , shaking the ground under his feet .
tr	11	There were two sets of French doors on either side of a two-sided stone fireplace .
tr	9	" He is little more than a boy , and his path has yet to be chosen . "
tr	7	See there , he is coming down toward those crushed boulders . "
tr	7	Elaina didn 't understand at all , but nodded anyway .
tr	5	Even her own breathing , faster than usual , had no sound .
tr	8	Nathan finished his cigar , took his leave of Harold and Bobby , and walked the perimeter .
tr	11	After a while his crying stopped and he sat there , not knowing what to do .
tr	10	" Give us all the money you got from the bank . "
tr	7	" As a matter of fact , " Leigh said seriously , " I do feel differently now .
tr	7	There was a pause and another puff of smoke wafted their way .
tr	8	They were asleep and had thrown these things away , it is that simple .
tr	8	" Go back to sleep , Sarah , " he said .
tr	7	She firmly put the book behind her back and stared at him .
tr	10	They 'll try to sneak in every which way , but we have standards . "
tr	7	He paused long enough for a shower and then checked his beard in the mirror .
tr	8	The boy looked uncomfortable , but he bowed his head and said " Yes , Doctor . "
tr	7	This is a less expensive testing tool , no ? "
tr	7	Later that night Cody Hunt held his sides from laughing .
tr	6	The hair swings back just beneath my chin .
tr	9	There wasn 't time to change , " Valarie explains .
tr	7	Loc activated his helmet 's active scanners and magnified the target area .
tr	9	I 've modified many of my views since I wrote the original article .
tr	5	' Pierre and I own the club . '
tr	8	While the two men talked on the porch , Jonesy was herded by his mother into the house .
tr	9	asked the assassin with mock cheerfulness as he turned toward the door .
tr	11	She held me as Joey strained to stand and Susan helped him up .
tr	7	The male ostrich clamped down on the Stetson and plucked it further away from the cowboy .
tr	6	Their swords broke like twigs against their scales ! "
tr	11	Do you know what it is ? "
tr	8	" The smart ones need time to think it all through .
tr	7	But , when they opened it , they only saw a black figure run through the woods .
tr	7	It shall be your choice , and Mr. Clancy 's . "
tr	9	" You can come in now , Major , " he said .
tr	8	But I 'm serious ; we should leave by tonight at the latest .
tr	5	Behind him a voice called , wordless , frightened .
tr	6	In the dark , silent office , Sam Henderson , twenty-four years old , put his head down on his arms .
tr	5	From one nail , hung a long-handled back brush .
tr	5	At the Heaps Open , " Marcia told the black Heap door .
tr	8	If you remember , I referred to the line of my king . "
tr	9	Why would you think he 's bad ? "
tr	5	" Yes , Headmistress , " one said .
tr	7	" That 's your problem , you confine too tightly your limits of reality .
tr	6	We fell down the rotten wooden stairs onto a dusty old floor .
tr	5	" He 's human . "
tr	8	she asked around the huge mouthful of roll .
tr	6	" It 's ok , " he kept the gentle tone .
tr	10	I started laughing before I could stop .
tr	8	" This is how it will be .
tr	9	" Well , to be honest , we 're family , you see , " he said .
tr	9	I suddenly became aware of how terribly exposed I was .
tr	11	Turning the door handle Sophia noticed that it was unlocked .
tr	10	My heart still jumps when she enters a room , still taking my breath away .
tr	8	Like any stereotyped group there 's usually a small amount of truth involved . "
tr	7	The two left the room as if walking on air .
tr	9	Will you do me a favor and stay by my desk until I 'm back ?
tr	11	It is the strangest sensation that he will never get used to .
tr	10	" Do you know where Lynn Ryder is ? "
tr	7	He smiled to himself and turned to the sports page .
tr	6	Beneath the starlight , the silhouettes of man and dog stood side by side on the shore a moment .
tr	9	He had seen the news coverage from dozens of outlets .
tr	5	In the real world , a holiday romance was right up his alley .
tr	10	" It 's only September so there should be berry patches somewhere .
tr	9	They all look similar to me , must be more than pure coincidence .
tr	8	Sorry , old habits die hard I guess . "
tr	10	I kicked myself for not having invited the Minister into my home .
tr	6	Not exactly the reaction he had expected ... Not exactly the reaction he wanted either !
tr	5	You know , Edward , as a brother , you are sometimes a disappointment . "
tr	9	I couldn 't place the smell , but I knew it was there .
tr	8	" Don 't let me interfere with your plans , " Neil said , feeling uncomfortable .
tr	6	Last night in Coop 's arms , I was green grass , a fertile field , succulent and verdant .
tr	9	I reached him in time to see blood bloom across his shirt from a fresh bullet wound .
tr	7	Amber closes the gap between us .
tr	7	" I 'm getting a guinea pig , " she says .
tr	8	' Go and see what 's in ze car , ' Raphael said pushing him into the street .
tr	6	Even in these odd conditions , my appreciation of his dark , commanding beauty still hadn 't escaped me .
tr	8	The room went quiet for a minute as the participants digested the news .
tr	5	" Five thousand US , " Brendan said .
tr	9	His expression cannot be seen behind his face shield but his body is shaking .
tr	11	There was a chance they wouldn 't see each other again , and they hugged for a while .
tr	6	" Any strange cars outside your house ? "
tr	5	" Son , we have no choice ! "
tr	5	" But Papa - " " Mind your place , daughter .
tr	9	Life was pretty monotonous for the two men with little to do in orbit .
tr	9	I would like to do it .
tr	9	" Yes , I guess you are and it 's my fault .
tr	11	" I did think the voice sounded familiar !
tr	6	" Ah , er , Furnace , " Virgil said .
tr	8	They cleaned their campsite scattering the ashes from their earlier fire to the winds .
tr	6	' Viola ' total silence - and not a funeral pyre in sight .
tr	9	And I had to see about a body .
tr	11	Also , they have been training these men for months and the men respect them .
tr	9	" That the new version with the full density holographic screen ? "
tr	8	The beach glistened white in the light , the palms rustling gently in the evening onshore breeze .
tr	8	The Headmistress stared for a moment longer , and she spoke again to the door .
tr	11	I hear her body smack against a branch and then a final thump as it hits the soft ground below .
tr	9	After the server arrived with breakfast , Connor finally mustered the strength to say something .
tr	8	For his part , the valet disappeared into the shadowy recesses of the home .
tr	6	Good enough crowd for dinner . "
tr	6	These wizards many generations ago swore obedience to the king .
tr	6	Sometime around noon , I drifted into a light slumber .
tr	9	My own possessed a long , hooked beak that completely belied my own petite nose .
tr	8	" I can 't believe it , " Taylor laughed , " you have a Wal * Mart here ?
tr	11	He was hoping they would have a good run-in with the rum barrel the previous evening .
tr	10	I wouldn 't dream of going without you . "
tr	8	Her eyes show how she feels and she is not afraid like most .
tr	11	Clint knew he had to go fast .
tr	9	I thought oh well even Eden had its serpent ; thank God the rest of the bunch seemed convivial enough .
tr	11	" If you could go back two days , what would you have done differently ? "
tr	7	" What is going on here ? "
tr	5	" Can I see the papers ? "
tr	9	Taylor had a feeling that something was up but he didn 't ask .
tr	7	Jolie spoke in rapid French and the reporter backed away , cowering .
tr	8	He paused reflectively while he cast the beam around .
tr	9	After Andre had finished his breakfast he asked what the plan for the day was .
tr	11	Zeal , as expected , managed to make even this most simple of desires difficult .
tr	7	The gap began to close .
tr	6	It hadn 't been there before .
tr	6	" I got a chocolate milkshake last night from the bar . "
tr	10	She began tapping words into the computer and Claire wondered if she had been dismissed .
tr	6	Adele shot an anxious glance at Eda .
tr	9	Coming to get you ? "
tr	5	With his right index finger he probed the wound .
tr	10	He looked out of the doorway and shouted to some unseen companion , " Bring the lot of them in !
tr	6	" I told you , " said the other with relish .
tr	9	The ground broke from where she was standing .
tr	10	He could hear the voices approaching from behind , growing louder and colored with zealous fervor .
tr	8	Whose loss she couldn 't say , or even why she had the feeling .
tr	9	He opened his eyes and saw a hawk flying above the trees .
tr	9	" I know the best places to rest and to live .
tr	11	I wasn 't sure I 'd heard him correctly .
tr	9	Feeling groggy , he holds his head for the moment before climbing to his feet .
tr	8	Still as a statue , Less simply stares into space long after he has gone .
tr	8	When the priest drew next to the girls he amicably invited them to his church .
tr	5	" You , little wolf girl , are very much my business . "
tr	8	" Sit , please , " motioning to everyone .
tr	11	The agents could hear coughing coming from the cloud .
tr	11	Mom had shoulder-length brown hair that she claimed grew one inch every ten years .
tr	7	Her gaze flicked over the sister 's elegant clothes .
tr	9	Shaking her off , he managed to work matches out of the bag and light one .
tr	9	The Frenchman looked despondent at the news of our early departure .
tr	7	The pallid face of Dover 's cliffs hung behind us .
tr	8	Preston kept looking at me .
tr	9	Using the moment of distraction , Simon pushed on his other leg to detach himself from the bike .
tr	6	They don 't exist , only the solutions do . "
tr	5	† † † " Sails ahoy ! "
tr	9	Then she set about serving the boys some food .
tr	7	Fingers in my hair , feather touches , but it still hurts .
tr	11	Savannah looks like she 's going to fight .
tr	8	" It 's still early , " she said , " stay there for a while .
tr	7	We walked , silent in admiration , for several hours .
tr	9	I could imagine all their arm and leg hairs popping out straight with goose pimply fright .
tr	10	The lady raised a hand as if to brush away Claire 's apology .
tr	6	" Yeah , of course , " Gabe replies .
tr	6	" I do as well , but not until I found the book . "
tr	8	Still , try as he might , he couldn 't imagine his own death .
tr	8	I lost a lot of blood , but there wasn 't much damage done .
tr	8	" Besides , we can keep out a watch for guards .
tr	7	With a deep sigh of regret , he lowered himself back down and switched all his senses away from her .
tr	6	Natalie gave him her glasses , and Sophia gave him a big grin .
tr	11	One of them was jogging over to the Swiss unit in a faster version of the famous moon walk .
tr	9	The Searcher looked down again at the items folded in the cloth .
tr	8	He held up the camera so they could see .
tr	7	He pulled out a tablet from his shoulder bag and opened the architectural drawings .
tr	6	He dropped like a stone through the air , directly toward the straining telepath .
tr	10	That in itself was a thought that kept him awake often .
tr	9	Images of me going splat on the cement floor flashed through my mind .
tr	11	She had not expected to be treated so gently or politely .
tr	5	Following our scare , my love and my littlest friend never left my side .
tr	7	Ted tumbled backwards off of the barrel and landed on his butt in the gravel .
tr	8	West Africa already weakened by a new Ebola outbreak and religious strife began to collapse .
tr	11	Why hadn 't we picked English Lit so I could hold up a slim copy of poetry ?
tr	6	" Riki , " someone else said behind him .
tr	9	I realize that he 's testing me .
tr	9	Then I can work on getting home .
tr	9	There were a few invitations to forthcoming international symposiums and conferences on molecular genetics .
tr	9	I plan on proceeding to Key West .
tr	11	" And we had thought that all the terrorists had been dealt with . "
tr	9	They were sitting in the kitchen Margaret pottering around them it still being very early .
tr	7	What if I lose Ruth ?
tr	8	I had to warn him .
tr	11	Claire hunkered down to watch , ignoring the quiet chatter of the couples behind her .
tr	11	I didn 't know what was in it -- all this stuff ? "
tr	8	He lifted her in the air , twirling her around , laughter in his voice .
tr	9	Most of what we deal with is small groups of hungry trespassers . "
tr	10	" My mom doesn 't let me to have visitors , or to meet someone new .
tr	7	And right now I wish he had .
tr	9	He knew what his next few weeks would be like .
tr	5	Or maybe with a ghost walker . "
tr	8	' They even have details of the Zurich account , ' she muttered .
tr	7	" It should be of no mystery to you .
tr	11	I still have good friends in the SAS and the Parachute Regiment , if that 's what you 're asking ? "
tr	7	When I woke the next morning , I had the taste of grimy cartilage in my mouth .
tr	8	Eda nodded and rested her head on Adele 's shoulder .
tr	6	And , being a suspicious breed , most humans rarely trust without a doubt .
tr	6	A son , part distance , part presence , always among us , the Earth and the sky .
tr	7	" But won 't you arrive back in time to crash ? "
tr	7	The bottom was covered in fine sediment .
tr	8	" What 's the story with you and Rob ? "
tr	9	Every little noise caused him to stop and look for its source .
tr	10	Its tantalizing notes grow louder and louder , tingling down each nerve and building up heat in my hands .
tr	9	Mac decided to just let him go .
tr	8	Miriam thought to herself , she means , she could find out the name of her dressmaker .
tr	10	" It 's a pleasure to meet you , " Haskins said .
tr	11	It seemed safe enough where they were , but there was a strange smell rising from the ground around the water .
tr	11	" We confirm if Hendricks is on the premise and if he 's alone , and then we pull back . "
tr	7	" I know , I know , " said Archie , more than a little embarrassed .
tr	10	Now , if his suspicions were true , all he had to do was wait .
tr	6	There was a nonsensical whispering behind them , perhaps in a different language .
tr	9	" But it 's the second mouse that gets the cheese . "
tr	9	Come to think of it , I did get one , and it was the first of them I saw .
tr	7	I felt something different in my body armour like a vibration , a running engine .
tr	11	Missy rode it several times sitting down and then dared to go up standing , facing the tree .
tr	6	A special man in your life ? "
tr	9	Reggie had bummed a cigarette to smoke .
tr	6	He sent the scales back , each batch wrapped up like a present , to the corresponding fathers .
tr	11	' Look , I 'm sorry I smashed your nose . '
tr	6	" You already talked to him ? "
tr	10	" Do I want to know ? "
tr	8	Barbara withdrew a fraction of an inch and smiled again in her most winning manner .
tr	9	She could not tell what he was thinking .
tr	9	In the darkness at the back of the van , the driver fumbled with the keys .
tr	11	They were in the back of a truck , surrounded by high wooden slats .
tr	7	Behind him in waddled El Gordo and another even fatter man , or was it the other way round ?
tr	6	Air traffic was very light on most days .
tr	7	" Let me get help . "
tr	10	That was all Elaina could see , anyway .
tr	5	" Like every normal class , " Tori said .
tr	10	But sometimes those clever menu writers word things in just such a way we get confused .
tr	8	After a couple more hits the alien inside him gave up ; it had completed its task .
tr	9	2 - Think of a name beginning with ' T ' .
tr	7	His face was so shallow , his eyes vapid and devoid of energy .
tr	8	Out of the fifteen men in the Special Forces group , only one man came back alive .
tr	9	' Neither did I. ' Footsteps sounded behind us .
tr	11	Do you favor this throw ? "
tr	5	How afraid she was . "
tr	6	At the last minute , she stopped , fisted her hand , and gave me a tiny apologetic smile .
tr	10	He swallowed a mouthful of whisky and paused , as if choosing his words carefully .
tr	11	The bleeding had stopped but the loss of blood had been almost more than he could bear .
tr	7	Our lives now have little to no meaning or purpose , but without her , it would have none . "
tr	9	Malcolm kneeled on the blanket as he laid out fancy cloth napkins and poured the cider .
tr	9	And parts of it I don 't think I 've ever seen .
tr	11	" Yes , Lilly Ann , I remember , " he was fighting for words before sinking back to sleep .
tr	6	Finally mustering his nerve , David knelt down again next to his friend .
tr	6	Even if I did , what did it matter ?
tr	9	But had they truly intended to kill him ?
tr	11	Are you able to stand up ? "
tr	10	Though I could not recall his features , I felt that I had known him for a long , long time .
tr	7	She said smiling and went down on the stairs .
tr	10	Her heart raced but she nodded her head in acceptance and placed it in her skirt pocket .
tr	10	The only reason I came here was because I was on the run and desperate . "
tr	5	" Well , not a messenger exactly but something else .
tr	7	" Because , " I replied , " our father was one of the soldiers . "
tr	11	Don 't tell me what to do with my life .
tr	7	My limbs trembled and blood pumped through my heart so fast it scared me .
tr	7	The trouble was , for every hero people remembered , they also remembered a villain .
tr	8	Your pledge has in part come to pass .
tr	6	" No , it 's real , " Kennan croaked , barely above a whisper .
tr	10	Even if that were the case , it wasn 't something Mal could consider a victory .
tr	6	' At least you had a bed , ' Raphael said to Danny .
tr	10	Not knowing what to think Calvin sipped his beer .
tr	10	How were some of the wonders of the world built and who built them ? "
tr	7	He cannot treat me that way . "
tr	7	There was a ten rupee coin , three five rupees , few two rupees , and many one rupee coins .
tr	11	How she had never tried to stop him .
tr	8	Smoke curled up from the cigarettes in their hands .
tr	9	It 's not my fault if he doesn 't want you . "
tr	7	The dead must be avenged , but first the captives must be freed . "
tr	8	" Gunnar gets angry when he 's drunk ! "
tr	8	" The cook has prepared some snacks in the salon , " Dawkins said .
tr	10	He yells scrambling to get the flask .
tr	8	She said , " Let 's stop at that bluff by the stream .
tr	6	Most likely not , but - " Daemon , " she said out loud , eyes narrowing .
tr	7	" But you 've got the goat , don 't you ? "
tr	6	Go for a solitary ride , just you and Shimmer , " Dorian 's voice was quiet .
tr	10	" If you are detected , we should be able to outrun any zombies .
tr	8	He looks like a man seeing a spirit .
tr	7	He flung the door open and ushered everyone inside , and closed the door behind them .
tr	11	That I 'm an angel , and angels are meant to be better than humans . "
tr	7	" Wouldn 't long walks help you to sleep ? "
tr	10	" So , what does she want you to do ? "
tr	8	Yet the tangible eluded her , blurring her thoughts and staying her hand .
tr	8	One time he was almost seen by a guard , but just in time he hid himself in a trash can .
tr	10	There are a lot of bears in this country , and other things .
tr	7	He ended his daily report and gave me the same sly grin I had seen on the bridge .
tr	11	A slight smile crept over his features as he continued to stroke the idol .
tr	7	No , Seth could wait for that .
tr	7	It was his joke on the locals .
tr	7	Her team gathered around her and cheered , taunting the starting players .
tr	6	" He must be ancient . "
tr	10	" It 's nothing to stress over , " she attempts to comfort , sensing his anxiety .
tr	10	She wiped down the counters and wrapped the biscuits in wax paper to put them away for their breakfast .
tr	7	He didn 't appear nervous , but I couldn 't be certain .
tr	9	One gendarme dismounted and began shoving them out of the road .
tr	9	She was an invaluable addition to our group regardless of her temperament .
tr	7	And then Natalie broke through some dense pine boughs , still screaming .
tr	6	" You didn 't beach the canoe .
tr	7	I gave the note to the couple and sent them back to the kidnappers .
tr	9	" We are set up perfectly to cover the waterfront .
tr	7	His legs were still out of commission ; the prickly sensation in them was reaching a crescendo .
tr	11	" Your mind is not fit to rest in a dragon 's cortex . "
tr	6	Despite the heat outside , a worn pink sweater draped her shoulders , the lapels pulled tightly together .
tr	7	Next , I moved to the fallen soup kettle and dipped the cloth into the hot water , soaking it .
tr	8	Well , the gunman turned the gun on the clerk and fired , hitting the man in the chest .
tr	8	" Like you , I find my mind unable to rest .
tr	9	The light struggled to pierce the thick foliage , making the woodland feel dark and the undergrowth damp .
tr	9	" Why did we even try to fight that thing ?
tr	11	The sheets are twisted and smeared with blood from the oozing wounds on my wrists .
tr	11	" Did you want to ask me anything or are we done ? "
tr	6	For emergencies rather than atmosphere , but a candle was a candle , wasn 't it ?
tr	6	How about we go get some hot dogs and drinks and candy ? "
tr	10	He was ready to get back on the R.V. Watson .
tr	5	" Hey , at my age , anything close is a good sign .
tr	11	We cannot afford to have a trained vigilante on the streets .
tr	10	" It is that which worries me ; you do not consider the possibility of defeat . "
tr	8	Her voice added a new timbre with weight and purpose to its repertoire and her laugh had found knowing and truth .
tr	10	" You 're going to hear it eventually , so I might as well give you the news .
tr	7	" You 'll find him , Rory , " she said with a smile and a pat on his hand .
tr	9	" You know you can 't do that .
tr	6	A low glass coffee table and four Barcelona chairs sat on a Persian carpet at its center .
tr	7	" My God of mercy , " let out Phillip , placing his head in his hands .
tr	7	Despite it being a fake , the huge ruby of the replica Excalibur glowed like a setting sun .
tr	6	The Home Office mandarins and top judges all drink in the same Lodges .
tr	9	We must decide on a plan of action as quickly as possible . "
tr	11	Some are bigger than me but most are like me or smaller .
tr	9	They both stood silently waiting for something to happen .
tr	8	' What is this going to achieve ? '
tr	9	Got to think about this .
tr	10	He had yet to work out what happened .
tr	8	Also , you 'll need your knife , but clean it with soap thoroughly , and heat it up .
tr	11	Let me try to fix this .
tr	8	They seemed to like him .
tr	8	Others , more prepared , were already recording the scene on their smart phones .
tr	7	The front page was filled with depressing news .
tr	5	A few minutes later my own full English arrived .
tr	10	The scene instantly shifted back to an Earth view , the others gathered closely , wondering what he was plotting .
tr	7	" You 'll earn it , " said Nathan sternly , " it 's not a gift .
tr	9	We are scanning all channels for traces of it . "
tr	10	Mia didn 't know what to do right now .
tr	11	There couldn 't have been much more there than a single meal 's worth .
tr	9	" So when you gon na do it ? "
tr	7	He put the phone back in his pocket and dug back into the Trib .
tr	7	Chapter Seven ' The Tram ' Darkness can present itself in many forms .
tr	9	He realized he was hearing words .
tr	6	The fingers on my neck relax .
tr	10	" I was captured in Afghanistan when a local warlord shot down our Chinook , " he said dryly .
tr	9	Roberto watched as the doctor worked on her .
tr	7	I jerked away , spluttering and gasping , but completely delighted .
tr	9	He stood on the right of the house , but not close enough for me to make out his features .
tr	6	" You are beautiful , sure , but not worth a man 's life .
tr	6	" Maybe something like that , " Rick responded with a bittersweet smile .
tr	9	Julian didn 't know what to do .
tr	8	" Can 't we go back ? "
tr	7	" I was born in 1928 . "
tr	8	However he was completely still and this , she already knew , was out of character for him .
tr	9	He suddenly slit his palm and wrote something on the ground with his blood .
tr	6	He showed him the courtyard , the stables , the kitchen , the smithy , the jousting yard and more .
tr	11	I was hoping to find a bulletproof vest or weapon of some sort .
tr	9	" I was down to London for a couple of days , " he said ordering another pint for himself .
tr	8	This is what he would say . "
tr	11	Aiden will be able to provide you with further instruction . "
tr	6	However , when he called , she didn 't pick up the phone .
tr	6	" I doubt it , " said Jane , scanning the letter .
tr	8	It curved round and smashed against the guard 's head .
tr	8	" An excellent plan , there is little enough going on here . "
tr	10	she asked curiously , wheeling about once again to regard him .
tr	8	" I need that bastard back here ! "
tr	10	He didn 't have time to play games with him .
tr	7	It landed , its blade buried six inches into the soil , between Rafe 's feet .
tr	8	All that is left is the hunger growing louder and louder in my bones .
tr	10	One arm broke off from the beetle they were attacking .
tr	7	We must stay out of sight . "
tr	7	" Sounds good to me ! "
tr	10	And for him the biggest punishment of all was to be barred from his computer .
tr	6	The cop took off her pointed hat and long brown hair spilled down her back .
tr	9	I couldn 't leave the table before the game had even begun .
tr	11	She tried to call to him , or reach out , but her whole body was numb .
tr	9	I didn 't ask about the wagon 's contents but hopped aboard .
tr	6	As he did , a flurry of small arms fire drove him back from the opening .
tr	8	Again , his hand dropped automatically to his side , though his sword was still missing .
tr	8	Landon asked , finally breaking out of his silence .
tr	9	He knows nothing of what I really do .
tr	7	Landon yelled something , but there were no more words , only noises .
tr	8	" There was a comic book shop next to the pet store .
tr	5	" Did you remember the underwear ? "
tr	11	I never thought about how someone may use it shit .
tr	8	demanded Eda , entering the tent a few moments later .
tr	6	I was very good about my head .
tr	9	" XO , what is going on ? "
tr	8	In fact , Martin wandered around the palace for weeks in consternation .
tr	10	Drew stopped looking at the clothes , " I am not sure .
tr	5	Lucian 's voice , louder this time , more urgent , bounced off the jagged stone ceiling .
tr	10	It was a silly , two-year-old thing to do , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	9	' I need to get in touch with Victor . '
tr	8	" This is utterly disgusting " Vivian said with a wrinkle of her cute little nose .
tr	11	What happened to everything uncle Sultan taught you ?
tr	8	" That is to be expected . "
tr	11	I mean who could explain any of this ?
tr	11	Do you have any knowledge of this ? "
tr	7	Can you please -- " " Su casa , mi casa , " the landlord said and laughed .
tr	8	You need to hide us .
tr	7	" So we sat down and he laid an ugly story on me .
tr	9	You 're gon na be alright . "
tr	7	" No idea , but it doesn 't sound too promising . "
tr	6	When the glass doors slide open , he and Kamil run up and give each other a big hug .
tr	11	You 'll never know if there 's flying creatures or four legged aliens . "
tr	8	It cranes down its spiky knobby head , attached to a long neck .
tr	9	She put the flask down and went to follow his lead .
tr	11	When he saw Arthur stared nervously at his knife , he said , " What , this ? "
tr	10	The only question now was how much information the other ship would have about Maria .
tr	10	You don 't have to like the songs just the sound . '
tr	10	You might have to stay in that room .
tr	10	Lizzie whirled around , afraid of what she might see .
tr	10	" Last time he saw you he called you a thief and you nearly got shot . "
tr	9	Lying against a headboard with his hands cuffed behind his back ?
tr	7	And if it wasn 't a rule , I just made it one .
tr	9	the girl Jules had asked as she bound up his arm .
tr	7	With her cheek to his chest , she can hear his strong , steady heartbeat thumping contently .
tr	9	Hailey remembered her mother let her cry for a short time .
tr	10	I find that it is quite useful as dental floss ! "
tr	9	The dogs weren 't even close to catching him .
tr	7	By evening the warriors had been chosen , and the ranks had been formed .
tr	8	Won 't they try to storm that door ? "
tr	7	Jimmy was still stunned by the kisses .
tr	8	They sped through their showers and left on their bikes ten minutes later -- again racing .
tr	9	" None returned but your king , " he conveys , lightly taking hold of her chin .
tr	9	' Oh yes ' I said , feigning shock , ' and what 's the purple one for ? '
tr	10	I looked up to see Shade wielding her large daggers .
tr	7	His fingers reached for the leather bag looped on a thong around his throat , caressing a hidden shape .
tr	9	" Our team in Hangar One is working on larger ion drives and hydrogen thrusters for all of our spacecraft .
tr	8	The immediate pain subsided and Harry scooped her up into his arms , carrying her back inside .
tr	10	They were enjoying themselves while Taylor and Spade kept a reasonable pace on the road .
tr	10	" I see it every time I move ' em to a new pasture .
tr	10	She met his eyes as she sloshed back by with two full buckets .
tr	8	" Excellent , so much for Earth 's reinforcements , " Zachary announces with a grin .
tr	7	" Yeah , but ... " " Enough !
tr	7	There is no future for us .
tr	9	" Have any of your plans ever worked out ?
tr	6	first things first , some of the players were in place .
tr	8	The smoke cleared leaving only an angry captain and bloody pirates .
tr	6	But I 'd be lying .
tr	8	If you can 't see it you haven 't met the right one yet .
tr	6	Big green eyes , shining brown hair , her body soft and graceful beneath her dress .
tr	5	His fluid gait reveals a natural athleticism .
tr	8	He smiled to me and it reminded me about someone , someone like .
tr	5	" Oh , no , you don 't , Papa . "
tr	9	" Not while his Majesty is glaring at me like that , I 'm not . "
tr	9	It was driving him crazy , slightly muffled , high pitched and incessant ... ... demanding .
tr	9	She heard that the gypsies had murdered them .
tr	9	Five more machines appeared on the skyline heading for Danton .
tr	8	Eda laughed , playfully slapping him on the shoulder .
tr	10	" Who said place of fire is a fireplace ? "
tr	8	" To perfect this ride into space , Jim !
tr	6	Even a few sentences can make all the difference .
tr	9	" Didn 't you notice it when you were burglarizing the place last night ? "
tr	6	" Does it look like a Guest Suite to you ? "
tr	10	Maybe they thought she would go crazy , obliterate everything in sight .
tr	6	He looked back at the big gypsy before him .
tr	11	I 'll have to wait until morning ; go find a café with free Internet .
tr	6	" I-I don 't know , " Sophie gasped , " I didn 't see her . "
tr	5	' Ah yes , well done , ' said Miss Tick . '
tr	8	And quickly he made his way from the accursed place taking the cousins with him .
tr	10	She hope that Iris would show up behind those huge rocks .
tr	9	And for once , Camden didn 't seem to hate those words nearly as much .
tr	11	His friend 's voice seemed to penetrate the fog of rage around Rafe 's brain , and he stopped his struggling .
tr	10	" Are you going to be alright ? "
tr	6	Warmth hung like a halo around Peyton .
tr	9	Instead , I call out to him , " What happened when we got back to the car ? "
tr	9	Everything that mattered to her .
tr	5	Dan , Jesse , Curt and Randy : ( In sudden shocked realization ) " The girls !
tr	8	The pilot looked confused for half a second , then his eyes went wide as Andy 's frightened yell hit home .
tr	10	In a nearby field behind a field hospital were neat lines composed of hundreds of recent graves .
tr	7	Their eyes were lifeless , but he felt their gazes on him .
tr	10	It was hard to deceive Jacob but your grandmother felt really strongly that your dad should know us .
tr	8	Various tubes attached to the beast pump life into it as bright lights glare from its reddish eyes .
tr	11	I won 't have my son getting into fights just to prove something .
tr	11	Everything was going swimmingly , until a few days ago when Drake informed me of your existence .
tr	7	" I see , I see , " replied Governor Smith , but he really didn 't see at all .
tr	6	Couldn 't the storm have held off just one day ?
tr	5	" No , Cheryl , the other bridesmaid , did . "
tr	6	I breathed in and out a few times , and then said , " No . "
tr	7	They 'll never find us out here , " Logan spoke .
tr	8	A touch off irritation was evident on Finan 's face .
tr	9	" I 'm normally against hitting a woman , " Mark said .
tr	10	" You kept me waiting , " Ilia sighs , setting her knitting aside as Link strolls through the door .
tr	9	I screamed to the sky as our momentum again took us to the earth .
tr	5	At the closing , Jacob raised a finger .
tr	9	The car braked abruptly and skidded to a stop on the side of the lane .
tr	11	You 've got a deep cut on your side , that 's all . "
tr	9	The other man let go his hold and he tied her hands in front of her .
tr	8	As the third wave raised their weapons , gunfire erupted on the upper floors of the atrium .
tr	6	" Okay , then give us back our money , " Toni demanded .
tr	9	It 's not as if we could simply cancel our trip and return home .
tr	9	I 've got a plane to catch .
tr	6	Miss Cantwell , thank you so much for the music .
tr	10	Let me do that for you .
tr	8	Could they really think we were spies ?
tr	10	He says it will bring great riches to the island .
tr	9	One of them , at least , was watching for holes in his promise .
tr	6	" We almost went wolf hunting , " said Fire Cub .
tr	6	It was never spoken of .
tr	6	" Go in to every building , single shot muzzle loader blazing ? "
tr	10	said the figure that came into view .
tr	9	" I am sorry that you are here .
tr	7	Their music soared through us , and the dance took my breath away .
tr	6	" Hmmm , faceted thread spirals with ... five ... ten , eleven , twelve woven layers .
tr	5	" Oh , my dear prince , " the Lady whispered .
tr	7	Do you know Mana ? "
tr	10	The Prince moved over to the writing desk , all the while managing to keep his face neutral and expressionless .
tr	10	She would have to come with him .
tr	8	You should be more careful with your belongings . "
tr	8	The morning shall reveal the resting place of the crystal .
tr	5	Former second-in-command , now leader , of the Jenson red pack . "
tr	9	" How do we know this isn 't some random Titan ? "
tr	6	My teams have a scout , a combat specialist , an intelligence specialist , and a leader . "
tr	5	" I certainly hope not , " Aries grunted .
tr	7	Massaging it briefly , he pulled his hand away to look at it .
tr	10	Rick gritted his teeth through the pain , fighting to remain conscious .
tr	6	" He wasn 't a real police officer , " Cricket said , " But I won 't call .
tr	8	Then on other occasions , the two wouldn 't leave me alone , especially Aloysius .
tr	7	" Liquid oxygen and nitrogen are obtained from the air by air separation plant .
tr	7	His eyes ran over the uncovered wound , and he gently turned her stare back to the mirror .
tr	9	Is there any good reason why we shouldn 't do that ? "
tr	8	" Oui , " she shook again and pointed , " he was carrying the case when ... when . "
tr	5	" Not really , no , " replied Durham .
tr	11	Not knowing why , Sarah decided to steer clear of the woman .
tr	5	The Spanish equivalent of " fine . "
tr	6	' And then got up the beach and all the way to this battle ? '
tr	7	He hadn 't put his job security before his mechanics safety .
tr	7	They had gotten Joshua 's message .
tr	10	CHAPTER FIFTEEN Agent Todd and Agent Finch had been dispatched to meet the elevator .
tr	6	And on Agent Williams - particularly his hands and arms .
tr	8	He had to admit , he really wasn 't making this any easier .
tr	9	He stuffed the memory card into his pocket and raced upstairs to get dressed .
tr	11	" We 're glad to see the back of it . "
tr	11	I 'm guessing Hiroshima hadn 't been sleeping well ? "
tr	8	" Because even he is at the edge of schizophrenia . "
tr	7	Creatures of every imaginable shape and size filled the living worlds , but rarely did any single species populate multiple planets .
tr	7	I should have given him the clue . "
tr	6	Near the windows sat a desk facing a huge conference table .
tr	9	One day I went to bed as a criminal and the next morning I woke up fighting against criminals . "
tr	10	- When you start asking more precise questions .
tr	9	The company would have little time to search and no time to bury him .
tr	8	Anything they might say would probably be useless to her .
tr	8	Shouldn 't you bring me to a hospital or something ? "
tr	6	Thanks for the drink , Cody . "
tr	8	uh ... guess it 's a Christmas miracle , " said Sue Hanley , smiling .
tr	5	The grip I 've just lost .
tr	9	It lay still and whimpered in fear , leaving them behind in a haste .
tr	6	' I don 't understand , ' I said , ' my gold is in the purse there . '
tr	6	The floors were concrete , the tables and chairs basic metal restaurant furnishings , the booths not much better .
tr	6	" O High Shaykh , I do swear it before God . "
tr	11	We 'll be ready to sail by 0600 tomorrow .
tr	11	She couldn 't see who was in the body bag , but cold chills ran up her back .
tr	9	He 'll be tested , of course , but that 's just a formality at this point .
tr	6	' What kind of lab do you need ? '
tr	11	And that is all I have to say . "
tr	10	To prevent you from becoming pregnant . "
tr	9	Dagger thrusts ahead and reaches an amazing speed before he even clears the tube .
tr	9	Maya and me 'll sweep the park , see what we can find .
tr	5	And for the first time Arthur 's voice showed some life and enthusiasm .
tr	7	We traced him here -- a fool running to his own mother .
tr	9	The driver doesn 't say anything , but the color ratchets around him , bright along the edges .
tr	10	There 's much to discuss about today . "
tr	10	She had to get him to talk .
tr	7	The remaining Death Dealers engaged and peppered their foe with small arms fire .
tr	8	Otherwise she simply would have walked out to them .
tr	9	As with my practices at the school 's pond , the cold was paralyzing .
tr	8	The man 's arm seemed to be swelling .
tr	9	By this time a small clump of villagers were waiting to mount the train .
tr	8	Look at what just happened .
tr	10	" You 're mouth is hanging open , Linc .
tr	8	Elaina murmured , confused and more than a little intrigued .
tr	6	Rounding the final building , the one just before the Dock 14 security gate , he stopped dead in his tracks .
tr	8	He turned as Mr. Clancy closed the door .
tr	9	" Danny , what are you doing ? "
tr	11	" We won 't make it if we continue like this , " he said .
tr	7	In the middle of the chamber , there was a large pool of water .
tr	7	I can kick some serious booty and you know it , sweet thang .
tr	10	This time , when he shook it gently to drain more sludge , something fell into his open fingertips .
tr	5	" I suppose , " Rand sighed .
tr	11	He threw me a look and helped Alita get Commander Merit Badge out of the truck .
tr	5	A twelve-year-old girl was outraged .
tr	7	" Seamus was the handsomest lad in the village , many years ago .
tr	11	" T , how much time is missing when it stops ? "
tr	10	I 've been watching you closely , and I know you do not travel alone .
tr	6	Beyond the roots and holes , a column of firelight billowed smoke up and out of sight .
tr	7	John faced the pony and called over his shoulder : " Somebody give me a boost up . "
tr	7	Finally we worked our way up to the big white church and saw the boarding house behind it .
tr	7	Carter McCord never knew his mother , and his father had left him not so long ago .
tr	5	" No ... " " It 's the rat door ! "
tr	5	Inside the house , on the dining-room table , I find a note .
tr	7	" Oh , your Majesty , " Alexius said in a light , breathy voice .
tr	7	Not until Gabe shifts in his sleep , and his energy jumps .
tr	11	Still , here 's something to be said for clean .
tr	9	Didn 't hear you come in last night .
tr	9	She could hear it ringing stridently inside the house .
tr	6	" During the test , you may not speak or leave your seat .
tr	6	You 're an adult , and more importantly , you 're a kobold .
tr	8	Connor let out a low guttural growl and put all his weight on Billy 's throat .
tr	11	Virgil , who had been standing like a statue to one side , suddenly took action .
tr	8	She squeals as the platform gives way .
tr	5	" You know the legend , right ? "
tr	9	My mother never forgave him for that and she never allowed him to touch her again .
tr	8	The nurse dropped down onto her haunches and looked into Claire 's face .
tr	8	" Go back home and pretend this never happened ? "
tr	6	" Satellites , microwave towers , computers , radios , even my Blackberry doesn 't work , Mr. President . "
tr	10	" Don 't you think we 'll find our way back to the others ? "
tr	5	" Oh , okay , at least that 's not so far . "
tr	7	" This might be about my mom . "
tr	6	It 's mostly about the questions though . "
tr	9	my team can look after that for you . "
tr	11	We got at least three times the weight of the airplane including engine in there before I got scared .
tr	9	" Now use a length of it to create a sling . "
tr	7	' He 's a scary man , ' said Reid , strolling down the stairs behind me .
tr	8	" Very well then , I 'll take the first watch . "
tr	7	I know where you mean .
tr	9	I forgot we were at Kyoto station .
tr	9	A leader that puts their people in harms way is a failed leader .
tr	11	... No , I can 't say when it will open again .
tr	6	Ivan spent the short ride to the George V on his cell phone .
tr	11	There seemed to be nothing to say .
tr	7	He could almost remember them all .
tr	9	" Kron , what are you talking about ? "
tr	10	" Pretty crappy Christmas , " John said brushing the fur of the young dog , Patrick , by the fireplace .
tr	9	I wanted to kill him myself .
tr	9	" That I give one Wolf the power to be king . "
tr	9	" She told me that he likes you , " she told him .
tr	8	The end of the enclosure farthest from the building was secured with a heavy steel , rolling , automatic gate .
tr	7	VIN took the checkbook , grabbed a pen and made his first check out to Joe for $ 13,000 .
tr	10	Six months after he had purchased the land , it looked totally different from what he had originally surveyed .
tr	6	Suddenly a voice stopped him cold .
tr	7	Adele smiled toward him , and she and Eda left the tent .
tr	7	Strange , but he had not paid Eda much attention .
tr	5	The Big Thaw The day after the Message Rat left , the Big Thaw set in .
tr	10	Hartman rights himself and hovers back over to the torpedo to continue his work .
tr	10	" Nice start on a story , but maybe throw in some zombies or a couple of sensitive vampires . "
tr	9	Truly the great hall was a feat of engineering in itself .
tr	6	Just throw it away and get a new one . "
tr	9	We had to flee late at night .
tr	8	" We 'll do as you say , captain . "
tr	6	There was complete and utter silence .
tr	8	He rolled the idea around in his head for a moment , testing the possibilities , before realizing the fatal flaw .
tr	6	' Very funny thing , the human mind , ' whispered the old woman . '
tr	7	hard to imagine now , " she said wistfully .
tr	6	" Hmmm , " Gabe 's fingers skate lightly across the keyboard .
tr	9	" This used to lead to the old servants quarters .
tr	6	* * * * * Rose paced back and forth in the short hall .
tr	11	" The horses are all hitched , and Eva said we need to go .
tr	6	Unfortunately , his father never let the satchel out of his sight , until now .
tr	10	" Why didn 't you guys compute that an asteroid could have such a powerful magnetic pull ? "
tr	6	Only eleven at the time , hyped on bloody amphetamines , brutalized and bearing scars from cigarette burns . "
tr	7	" We can move again , Mom , " Stephanie suggested at the door , looking tired and edgy .
tr	8	Weighed down with melancholy , apathy , or something else , this king seemed resigned .
tr	9	Adjust firing solutions as directed by Ares fire control .
tr	11	She hoped there wouldn 't be more than one or two knowledgeable helpers .
tr	8	It was a woman in a white , starched dress , with a white cap on her head .
tr	8	How long had he been tied to this filthy bed ?
tr	7	Wolf Eyes was somewhere out in the woods hunting with Red Talon .
tr	11	It was the last thing she expected him to say .
tr	7	However he , Lady Adele , and Lady Eda were attacked a day 's journey from the fort .
tr	6	But then , with a hiss , a fireball shot through the open balcony door .
tr	10	I couldn 't be sure where the other man would go , but I needed to get moving .
tr	10	Did she said something terrible enough for him to be angry ?
tr	8	" Don 't worry about that , I 've already spoken to them .
tr	9	" Go to pool over there and wash yourself . "
tr	7	and what could she mean , " the stories of Earth were stored in stone and bone ? "
tr	8	' I could do with a smoke , ' came the dull reply .
tr	10	" And I 'm here to help you write the spell .
tr	8	A light sweat broke out on my forehead , and I could feel a nervous rash spread across my neck .
tr	8	" You fell asleep in the middle of the meal .
tr	8	Once you feel hopeful it can be a swift ride to positive expectation , enthusiasm and even joy .
tr	9	Southern script -- which Brand could not read -- was written above the door .
tr	10	Mason folded his paper and broke into a brisk walk as he trailed Kurt down the concourse .
tr	8	We met Jeffery and Linda on the dock and got into the pickup , two armed men climbed in the bed .
tr	8	I will pull the rug from under us . "
tr	8	They 're made out of cotton wool , " Michael also asked in amazement .
tr	9	" You can call the police if you 'd like .
tr	7	I don 't like dresses very much , but it 's still beautiful .
tr	6	The passenger was older and had gray hair .
tr	6	" I don 't know ... " " Kurt , please .
tr	9	When Lethal returned to the Officer 's Mess , the three platoon commanders were on their way out .
tr	10	Miriam opened it and grabbed the few small notes that were inside .
tr	5	" No , it was someone , not something . "
tr	9	It 's set back into the woods a bit , but it should be there , God willing . "
tr	10	But as Nathaniel pointed out , there 's more than one thing that can go wrong . "
tr	7	Gabriel scoffed , but seemed quite pleased by the thought .
tr	7	' It will only lead to another war . '
tr	6	His eyes carry something dark and powerful .
tr	9	You 're gon na burn out . "
tr	6	He applied lashings to the handle above and below the stone .
tr	11	They obeyed and the savage beasts that lived within screamed , as shrill and high-pitched as whining tea kettles .
tr	7	He was also a child molester , and ran the largest child pornography ring in Bolivia and Paraguay . "
tr	9	Before it begins , I must ask you again : why do you do this ? "
tr	6	The economy will collapse , the government will collapse and eventually our country will collapse .
tr	10	I can handle the last ship myself " " No .
tr	8	It was a house 40 feet long and 20 feet wide .
tr	6	I 'm not a laird or anything , but I usually keep more lawful company . "
tr	10	He did his best not to be too distracted by it .
tr	11	He wondered vaguely if his spirit had passed judgment or if that was later .
tr	5	" Good , because I 'm coming .
tr	8	" Well , the Vampires made Yang their offer and he agreed to it .
tr	5	" Yes , exactly , " stated Nathan .
tr	6	she said in English , waving .
tr	9	He confirmed that you were you , our sister . "
tr	10	If I could have put the look into words , it would have been ' shut up . '
tr	8	I know I love him .
tr	9	' These are the folders that you sent us , ' said the Bastian tech seated behind a set of keyboards .
tr	10	I 'm going to stick with you ! "
tr	10	A low throaty growl lifted Scott 's gaze to the door and he saw a silver coyote framed in the doorway .
tr	5	Superhuman strength and senses , without that pesky sunlight allergy .
tr	11	I think that 'll take a whole bottle of hydrogen peroxide . "
tr	9	I mustered force and pushed her away , in time to shift my position , dodging an otherwise lethal blow .
tr	8	Robbie and Rick had hit it off straight away .
tr	11	I pride myself on my ability to read people , but reading Tork was exceptionally difficult .
tr	10	Guess I was telling after all .
tr	5	How old is she ? "
tr	7	He his hands did not move , but the girl 's face was no longer blank .
tr	5	" How did you know ? "
tr	6	And simple casters brought the port down around our ears .
tr	7	Sunlight filters through the window , and I turn my face toward it .
tr	6	" Of course they do , Alejandro .
tr	7	" Why are you spying on your dad ? "
tr	6	The moon was a mere sliver , the sky dark , and only a few stars were visible .
tr	5	Bows , arrows , spears , axes , shotguns , rifles , knives .
tr	11	The only feasible plan is to attack him while he 's not guarded . "
tr	7	They wandered past the T-shirt shop , the taffy booth , and the ice cream parlor .
tr	5	Chapter Twenty Seven Andy was not a happy person .
tr	7	The strength in her warm and supple legs as they clung to my waist .
tr	10	Which he seemed to be doing .
tr	9	" The worst decision is the one you don 't even make .
tr	10	" It looks like I 'm going to France . "
tr	11	I don 't want to be part of it . "
tr	6	But a warrior 's horse , now that 's a different story , " she explained .
tr	8	Yet it was an odd premise for her , the notion of a man 's protective role .
tr	8	If the weaver were among them , they would discover him .
tr	9	Falconer was saying , " We 'll travel single file .
tr	9	But I was supposed to collect my niece .
tr	9	It is only fair that you participate in this momentous occasion .
tr	11	It was as well they had listened to her .
tr	8	Pale light filtered down from the skies and illuminated the empty road ahead : the Transporter and its pursuers had disappeared .
tr	11	She commands , whipping her kunai into the stone at the Queen 's feet .
tr	5	" But what , Finn ? "
tr	11	Ali sipped his coffee and smiled in a bemused way that irritated Muhammad .
tr	11	She continued trying to release Julie from her bonds .
tr	10	Can you endure it until we reach a hospital in the morning ? "
tr	9	Why don 't we ever learn what 's important ? "
tr	8	When he spotted her behind Roberto he smirked , his beady eyes sending a clear message .
tr	9	Rafe laughed as though he saw only amusement in such a statement .
tr	8	What sort of a man did that ?
tr	5	As always , she wore slacks , turtleneck and lab coat .
tr	11	We just have to go there is all .
tr	8	Break any of these parameters and I will become intolerant .
tr	6	" He just stood there , Eda !
tr	11	Do you want to stay ? "
tr	8	won 't make it through the night unless she feeds . "
tr	5	As alone as the hunger will allow .
tr	6	" Kron , why can 't you leave the station ? "
tr	9	Without much more to say , VIN turned the dusty car around and headed back .
tr	7	Victoria slipped around the corner into the master bathroom and slipped off her night shirt .
tr	6	" Very well , then , " Graves said with a nod .
tr	5	" Nice day for a drive , isn 't it , sir ? "
tr	10	she said , clearly exasperated as she lowered the Glock towards the ground .
tr	8	I watch the movement of his energy slow and even out .
tr	9	Allan sent word that there was a meeting tomorrow at nine .
tr	9	Mac didn 't know how to respond .
tr	9	" The soldiers sleep no more than few hours before returning to their posts .
tr	7	Color crept up his neck and across his face .
tr	10	Like that 's going to happen .
tr	6	Slowly , I moved toward the woods while spitting out the planned excuses .
tr	8	I thought , " she pauses , her breathing becoming more and more sporadic .
tr	5	' Good grief , I hope not , ' he said .
tr	10	The shepherd nodded as he continued to weep .
tr	11	Just like I 'm supposed to be , I 'm going to be polite , she thought .
tr	9	" Ultimately , his passion for science and the means to research and develop new technologies are why he joined us .
tr	7	She snapped out of her daydream about the last time she had seen her father in that outfit .
tr	8	I want you to stay calm .
tr	6	† † † Pierre and Nora strolled away down to the beach .
tr	6	I placed the empty champagne glass on the tray .
tr	10	" Okay , that 's where I 'm coming up with the problem .
tr	9	PF = 10 I reached up and scraped off some snow above me , looking for a good placement .
tr	5	The meeting tomorrow night - at the WILLOW , the old apartment building .
tr	6	His footsteps pounded in the hallway .
tr	10	They should be the ones paying for it , not us !
tr	8	Raphael said , ' First thing Monday morning -- not a time we recognise in Rock ' n ' Roll . '
tr	6	" You have such a beautiful neckline , we should show it off . "
tr	7	' When you 're king , it 'll be easy .
tr	7	" They wouldn 't do that , " he thought .
tr	11	Then I realised that time had indeed slowed and come to a stop and the projectiles remained suspended mid air .
tr	9	With our numbers so close to extinction our people needed a leader and I am the obvious choice .
tr	7	A security guard blocked the door to Jolie 's bakery .
tr	5	There was a large old-fashioned keyhole .
tr	7	In his left hand he held the flashlight , in his right , a shotgun .
tr	8	" But , " she mumbles , blinking several times and shaking her head .
tr	10	Ben would have known what to do .
tr	10	I reckon it could be just about anything . "
tr	10	Especially when he didn 't have one of his own .
tr	7	Quickly , I stomped my right foot into the ground and jumped up high a few feet above the ground .
tr	6	" Come on up , " Bax said , and then disappeared again .
tr	5	A five foot two male vampire with shoulder length brown hair and the only one shirtless nodded his head .
tr	11	Very few people knew that his real dream was to one day go into space .
tr	8	After the cost of her flight , what did a few extra hundred dollars matter ?
tr	11	Time to see who rose to the top . "
tr	11	One possessed a prosthetic arm whose gears could easily be heard and the mechanical limb swayed in affected life-like movement .
tr	8	' Oh , no , ' she whispered slowly , gazing blindly ahead in horror .
tr	11	Inevitably , even Ted started running out of things to pack away and preparations to make .
tr	5	Stars and spirits weave outward , entangling his eyes in a hopeless embrace .
tr	8	We 're outside ... Robbie , David , myself and a complete SAS team .
tr	8	Long black hair spilled out of her helmet as she took it off .
tr	9	As the dust settled , the Prince of Ravens followed him , sword drawn and ready to fight .
tr	8	He looked from the girl back to the Prince , and shook his head .
tr	10	Look at the mess you 've made ! "
tr	9	But the dagger remained completely steady and unwavering , neither cutting into the flesh nor pulling back .
tr	11	I 'll be more confident when I hit 27 ... or 26 . "
tr	9	" Hi , " Rho greets , still as detached as ever , though he has made some social progress .
tr	11	God could forgive , but how could he ever feel same about her , seeing what she had done ?
tr	6	You must tell me the truth , son . "
tr	11	I can 't imagine the fused feet were anything but a liability .
tr	7	" I saw him with it here as well but I never got a good look at it until now . "
tr	9	" What are those boys doing getting in my van ? "
tr	7	" I can assure you , " he continued , " it 's perfectly safe . "
tr	7	I paused for some moments , only breathing .
tr	8	Once inside , with the door locked , he turned on the cold tap and let it run .
tr	6	To my further surprise , I could still control my strength and energy completely .
tr	9	Think about what you destroy and how much you destroy it .
tr	9	Lon Lon Ranch stands solitary in the center of Hyrule Field .
tr	9	" Franco Salazar was on the bus , heading back to La Paz , " Alejo managed .
tr	9	The students finally settled down as they watched an image from an alien world .
tr	11	" I think we are good to go .
tr	6	" His name is Geronimo too , " she announced .
tr	10	He had to make me want .
tr	11	" Well , I 'd have to say , a little complicated , " began Jon .
tr	7	Those most concerned about his spiritual progress and utter ignorance were the most restless birds .
tr	5	" I do my best thinking upside down , dude . "
tr	6	These people look so helpless , trapped inside their own bodies , crying out for help .
tr	7	She put her hand on the park bench behind her and sank down on it .
tr	6	For that , I 'm giving you some time .
tr	11	But I intend to put a stop to this within the next four days . '
tr	9	" I have shown you he is not pure of heart , and now you will watch him fall . "
tr	10	" You are supposed to be on my side .
tr	8	I smiled to avoid swearing .
tr	5	The remaining eye was not stone , but flesh .
tr	11	He wondered if Freya and Kell would hear him scream , but there wasn 't time .
tr	10	He was surprised even if his face did not betray it .
tr	11	" That 's where I think you 're wrong . "
tr	7	I said , without trusting .
tr	7	I have spoken with him a few times . "
tr	6	Despite the endless blue skies , fresh air and amazing scenery , her brain still roiled with unruly thoughts .
tr	10	They 'd talked about music , books ... ... . .
tr	11	To think he is on a mission to save such an undeserving populous .
tr	10	It was Mum who was on my mind .
tr	7	Josie took a short sleeve shirt down off a rack and held it up to Mark .
tr	9	She pushes herself off the wall , sliding off the blade and falling toward the floor .
tr	7	Are they held in stables or on pastures ?
tr	10	" Nathaniel , there 's no way they 'll find us again .
tr	7	One had a thick brown beard and the other , a thin blonde one .
tr	11	Our prime objective must be to reinstate a full and fair election of government .
tr	10	Visiting him felt like indulging a guilty pleasure or potentially opening Pandora 's box .
tr	6	He looked at the can in the moonlight .
tr	10	His eyes never left the small woman gripping the arms of the wooden arm rest .
tr	7	And if I did that , I shuddered to think .
tr	9	She was trying to tell him something !
tr	10	I look like I 'm wearing a potato sack , " Melody said .
tr	8	He kept me a good distance away until finally , on his final bullet , I was within arms reach .
tr	9	" Here 's for all that water I drank . "
tr	10	He was starting to act like Toby .
tr	10	Are you proposing we reintroduce royalty ? "
tr	7	' Brilliant , and their management love you and want you on their books ? '
tr	5	" Jamie , love , " came Mrs. Biddle 's kind voice .
tr	9	Kurt insisted on accompanying me , but I lost him in the town square .
tr	7	" Well , I suppose we could .
tr	5	Pencils , pens , tape , loose postal stamps and an address book .
tr	7	" Your family is bound together by love and affection .
tr	11	Soraya was surprised to hear who he was .
tr	10	The big man returned it and Nathan jerking away from the hands on him .
tr	10	The leather-bound books were soft under her touch , the papers already yellowing .
tr	9	" So let me get this straight , " she said .
tr	8	" What are you going to wear ? "
tr	7	She squeezed the trigger , the gun barked , and the top half of the card fell away .
tr	10	Joe responded with something inaudible , but Ted was pretty sure it wasn 't very civilized .
tr	7	When they found the internal entrance point , they discovered a very unstable spiral staircase and carefully started their descent .
tr	6	" I came for Adele . "
tr	9	I couldn 't believe this was happening .
tr	7	" Waiting for Uncle Mike ? "
tr	6	He was also hungry and very tired . "
tr	9	You have to sign for departure . "
tr	9	whined Scarborough , " I can 't bear the thought of that . "
tr	8	" All in good time , now let 's go for a walk . "
tr	9	The train rolled over a wooden bridge and I knew now was time .
tr	7	Ignoring the trembling in her hands , Claire gathered them together and left the room .
tr	5	" Besides , could you imagine two high-energy people together all the time ?
tr	6	They 've all got bullet-proof vests . "
tr	9	A fire had already been smoldering from early morning usage , so Dr. Morgan tossed more wood on the coals .
tr	6	" Maybe , being the operative word , " his brilliant blue eyes hide a smile .
tr	11	So Jonesy went about getting into the air in other ways .
tr	7	To either side of them , the deck reached up toward the night sky at impossible angles .
tr	11	said Andy shaking his hand like it had been burnt .
tr	9	I wished I could take it back .
tr	6	" But this may still intrigue you .
tr	8	That leads to the stables and where I live . "
tr	8	The facility was also well stocked with Geiger counters and other radiation detection equipment .
tr	7	Once he walked into a department store and out of a different door .
tr	10	He liked to keep the front door in sight and the kitchen door was just five feet to his right .
tr	10	The coffins are sucked into space along with all the air .
tr	6	An opaque wall of energy ran from floor to ceiling , thick and shimmering purple .
tr	6	She accepted this last a little doubtfully , sipped it cautiously , and choked over the unfamiliar brew .
tr	7	Hands shot up around the class and he pointed to a girl in the front row .
tr	7	" I need more information , " she said to herself and shut the door .
tr	8	She had seen those faces .
tr	7	None , after all , would ever call her with such a banal title .
tr	9	He knew not what to say , how to explain .
tr	6	" Tessa , " he said , " Tessa , I 'm here , my darling . "
tr	7	He nodded , feeling sympathetic .
tr	6	Jolie 's goons ripped Dad away from me .
tr	10	My eyes darted randomly , trying to find aid .
tr	9	Tori knew her style : she wasn 't popular and she was proud of it .
tr	11	Into the verse he sang wondering if his voice had ever sounded better .
tr	9	" No sense in both of us being awake , " he said .
tr	8	he asked , as he broke off a little cornbread .
tr	7	Do bad things and meet your fate , do good things and enjoy eternal bliss .
tr	10	I 'll take the FLN which makes the ammo inter changeable .
tr	11	She said , " We 'll see who has the last laugh .
tr	7	No girls for this Terry just the lads keep the girls for the day shift ... .
tr	9	The explanation for that pile of mussel shells has gnawed at the back of my mind ever since I found it .
tr	9	" I can see where they reined the horses in . "
tr	9	The thick violent wave , rolled over the top of me as Isaac stood firmly and held me with the rope .
tr	7	Kevin pulled up two large ferns and thrust one at Missy .
tr	8	" Amen , " he said , and heard several others follow suit .
tr	7	" He was so young , so full of life ... " she sniffed .
tr	6	He transferred another one hundred thousand Euros into the account four weeks later .
tr	7	" I have poked the dog with a sharp stick . "
tr	8	I tried my luck with some pairs of high hills , borrow them from Helen .
tr	7	Every corridor appeared identical to the last ; slick but characterless .
tr	10	Jackson meets me downstairs taking Nicholas .
tr	10	He had risen to make his way to the courtyard .
tr	8	Behind the building I was on top of , I have stashed my pack .
tr	7	Which reminds me , how much is he paying you ? "
tr	7	" The translation seems a bit odd , " Hal Tudor observed .
tr	11	the Prince asked , opening a pack at random and looking into it , searching for the food .
tr	6	Gema passed the rather stiff square envelope across the table .
tr	11	Do you want to feel ? "
tr	8	Whatever crime he had committed would be washed away by such a deed .
tr	10	He also filled Mac in on what he knew so far .
tr	8	It 's got ta be the eyes , ' he muttered under his breath .
tr	7	His operation here had given him confidence and a taste for something bigger .
tr	11	She used the time for trying on different clothes for this .
tr	8	Nearer to shore , two smaller patches of black moved closer by the minute .
tr	9	" I 'm not going to do that ! "
tr	10	I was lucky to have missed him .
tr	7	" I will do my best , but you understand Washington , Ryan .
tr	8	Amanda , as he had guessed , spoke both .
tr	8	Nothing ever went right for me in that shop , and me and pastry shops were usually best buds .
tr	8	" Can I get you a glass of water ? "
tr	8	" But if a wind blew our body scent to her , she could smell us out . "
tr	11	I mean , who else knows we 've been given the advance ? '
tr	8	Set in the Black Ships universe , this story can be read before or after book one .
tr	7	Man , god , or otherwise , the world had other ideas about my fate .
tr	7	This book is available in paperback as well as in digital e-book form .
tr	7	I noticed his physicality alter .
tr	9	The feel altered when The Rods of Steel took to the stage .
tr	7	Wrapping the cloth around his palm , he secures the knot using his teeth .
tr	8	We 'll be about half an hour , " replied Archie .
tr	9	He turned toward the door to get a better look at it .
tr	5	" Bailey , Ticker and Elias , you three stay back .
tr	10	These two groups alone would make a good initial candidate pool to screen for sources .
tr	5	The interviews began , and his hopes dwindled .
tr	10	He stepped back , catching sight of my pistol , and a look of alarm crossed his face .
tr	11	A pair of kids , teenagers probably , were heading left followed by several moms , all plump .
tr	11	Do you know where you are ? "
tr	6	He put his finger on a large chart spread on the table .
tr	9	Simon , it was really nice having breakfast with you and your mother .
tr	9	Maria paused to think among the applause .
tr	8	It 's everything about this day and the hunger still here , growing loud .
tr	11	-- Mia said and didn 't stop to look into his eye .
tr	8	He did not understand it , but God had spoken to him .
tr	10	I ice two of them before we set off again and save the last for later .
tr	9	The bad news is that I don 't play the harmonica . "
tr	6	Just before midnight , I saw a man and woman stumble into the room and collapse onto the couch .
tr	8	When we moved to Marseille , Louis could only find a job as a common laborer .
tr	9	Harry shifted to face her more .
tr	7	Alejo smiled weakly at Rupert 's words .
tr	10	Kaya asked almost trying to laugh hysterically .
tr	11	There have been signs of disaffection amongst some of his cabinet in recent months .
tr	8	Malcolm rushed across the room and punched Peyton in the gut .
tr	7	Hailey 's spinning turn around tore the web away but it did not stop the huge Spider .
tr	6	Without his family and friends it would be just another day .
tr	11	My fingers grazed over the diamonds that ran across the top .
tr	9	" Would your mum mind if I came over to your house for a while ? "
tr	11	Hank figured it couldn 't be much above freezing by now .
tr	10	I nodded , glad to have them all here .
tr	8	His mother had read that letter so many times she knew it off by heart .
tr	6	Sam said , " Go , I got this shit under control . "
tr	11	" You can quit trying to cheer me up .
tr	10	I don 't want for her to see me . "
tr	9	" -- because your friend made a command to retreat . "
tr	10	Does it still count as a battlefield conquest if the King has already given them to his sons ?
tr	8	She answered with a soft moan of agreement as they both fell asleep .
tr	6	Just then , the world went white before me .
tr	6	Sorry old chap , but its Chalky 's wife 's cooking .
tr	5	" Have you heard any more news ? "
tr	10	He had dismissed everything she had done .
tr	9	She closed the door noiselessly and made her way to the sanctity of her own chamber .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " Cos saluted and retreated from the room .
tr	7	I felt soft wings on my face , and it sent a shiver down my spine .
tr	11	Feeling faint , she crawled in slow motion under the canvas tarps Gabriel had pointed out and tried not to move .
tr	8	On the other hand , myself was looking down , Damian 's face coming into my mind .
tr	11	Oh well , he thought , imagining that Pickett worked on Sundays anyway .
tr	9	" How long have your Mommy and Daddy been sleeping down there ? "
tr	8	He taught me the ways of the world , encouraged my imagination .
tr	10	The feeling of being in Mike 's personal space triggered a strong sense of déjà vu .
tr	10	Lord Brogan sat back in his chair , his eyes firmly fixed on his son .
tr	8	She would then slide down the ramps and plop gently into the water .
tr	10	He decided to walk up to the first taxi and ask for directions .
tr	6	For some reason , watching their faces made her sad .
tr	9	They 'll HAVE to take me back then .
tr	5	Great , a Code 23 Error , she thought .
tr	11	Think they can do whatever they like !
tr	11	Babushka took over tending to Lena when they brought her inside .
tr	7	An old , chubby shirtless man sits in his wheelchair four feet away from the television .
tr	8	Another boy was sprawled face-up in the ditch , face bloodied and swollen , unmistakably dead .
tr	10	He crouched , weight on the balls of his feet , and he watched the assassin carefully .
tr	7	He turned to his two grandparents and chimed in a high pitch voice .
tr	8	They began to flood the upper chambers .
tr	9	For a moment there was no reaction , the two Exiles staring incredulously at the Prince .
tr	9	As you all know , vegetarians , and especially vegans , can suffer from a lack of protein in their diets .
tr	8	As she rested beneath a small Palm tree she studied the top of the ridge again .
tr	8	Yet in a second all that was gone , for her as well as for him .
tr	7	" The witch has been here , " said Brand .
tr	7	The journey from Danton back to my unit had been a tedious and grating trek .
tr	6	They lodged us at this gorgeous five-star hotel right on the water .
tr	10	You 're just lucky I was in the area .
tr	6	he was in many himself .
tr	6	They rode English style not western . "
tr	8	He turned briskly and disappeared into an alley at the side of the building .
tr	9	Aria asks with disbelief , a laugh escaping her throat .
tr	9	I had to keep going ?
tr	10	It was hard to remember why .
tr	8	A purple , forked tongue darted in and out of the lizard 's mouth as it tasted the air .
tr	7	Now , when I was a boy , we had some really severe winters .
tr	7	Again , he opened it with his teeth and drained out the cold water .
tr	10	It was late fall , but the air was colder than it should be and the clouds were dark and menacing .
tr	7	Rafe grasped his father 's hand tightly in his own .
tr	8	They were in a dark rectangular enclosure with unlit torches lining the walls .
tr	9	" Timmy , where are you going ? "
tr	10	Robbie had not come down yet but they could hear his footsteps as he came down the main staircase .
tr	6	Monster Maya doesn 't get shin splints anymore .
tr	9	Where was I to be precise ?
tr	9	He couldn 't hear anything , just the sound of his pounding heart .
tr	7	We came to a hallway , lit only by lamps .
tr	11	I walked , well ran actually , back to town just in time to see the streetlights turn on .
tr	7	" Let 's go Steve , " he told his brother , his gaze still on the little girl .
tr	8	Kurt was inside this coach of death .
tr	7	Even before the rush had dissipated , he started off to the other side .
tr	8	There was a series of cracks , and the man let out a gasp of surprise .
tr	9	" Speaking of which , how soon will you be able to travel ? "
tr	8	And anymore outbreaks from any of you will result in punishments even more severe . "
tr	7	" We had a great time , Joe , except for one small problem . "
tr	8	Let me just put down these flowers , and we can take a look at you . "
tr	8	The boys all nodded to each other and turned from the boat wreck then started back to their motorcycles .
tr	8	Did he expect ME to carry my luggage ?
tr	8	Stephens shouted over the roar of the engines .
tr	10	The file popped open , and he began to skim through it .
tr	7	' Just shut up and get in the suit . '
tr	5	" In Grand Junction , everything is just up the road . "
tr	7	I have not seen her there . "
tr	6	Finn looked out into the mist shrouded camp .
tr	11	Also continue to keep communicating through every possible channel .
tr	11	" : Why are you storing your horse above deck like this ? "
tr	11	" It 's big and blue so that 's what I call it .
tr	9	After two years , if successful , we will expand the program to 5 recruits per year .
tr	10	In fact , he seems to care about you more than just a friend . "
tr	5	The youngest were sometimes crying , hurriedly dressed and hungry .
tr	8	The coming of Wendy was a bright light in an otherwise rather dull life .
tr	7	" Hail Sphinx , great warriors of Gaia ! "
tr	7	The big round man curled away from all eyes and made an acknowledging noise , but did not move .
tr	8	Unfortunately , I am in the middle of a project .
tr	11	To see how his ill will manifest at him . "
tr	8	They were still attached to life monitors and IV drips .
tr	11	Clearing his throat , he continues , " alright , but he doesn 't look like he can defend himself .
tr	8	' Modern technology Mr Judge , there 's been some enormous advances in the last 15 years .
tr	7	Dark , dark eyes stared down at her , concentrating , ignoring her fury .
tr	8	With one eye on Kurt 's taxi , he flagged down his own .
tr	7	I screamed as I ran .
tr	9	He caught the shocked expression on both images ' faces for a split second before they disappeared into the underbrush .
tr	8	The invisible force pries my fingers loose one by one .
tr	10	Not easy when you 've only just woken from sleep and someone 's threatening your life .
tr	11	" I need to learn how to fight .
tr	9	My childbearing years are near over and you are in the prime of life .
tr	10	You would not believe how many life long relationships started with the girl dancing for the guys .
tr	11	Steve , not concerned about being arrested , simply decided to lay still until an ambulance was called .
tr	9	She was promised to Lord Rafe , how could she have let this happen ?
tr	10	We 'll make sure Leonard sees that . "
tr	9	He 'd be able to smell that for weeks .
tr	11	" That was what I was waiting to hear .
tr	8	By the last song the bass player 's hair had stuck to his face covering his eyes .
tr	10	He smiled at the determination with which she did the task .
tr	6	After a few awkward clicks and some banging noises , it came around .
tr	5	" Generally on a weekly basis , as I told the officer .
tr	10	Anyone who does not have a unit , or can 't find it , is to fall under your command .
tr	5	For nothing , since , in the end , everything was as before .
tr	11	I have the distinct feeling she 's a religious of some kind . "
tr	7	He shot forward again , Menace cleaving out ahead of him .
tr	9	† † † September 13 , 1621 Again we spent time with Cisco today .
tr	6	" This is incredible " , said Victoria .
tr	10	" Think we 'll go to war ? "
tr	11	Some scholars who have seen them pronounce them almost modern , somewhat ahead of their time .
tr	6	" Our aunt Harriet always kept mother 's old jewelry box on the nightstand by her bed .
tr	9	Bedrooms could hold some pretty nasty surprises , but refrigerators were in a league of their own .
tr	5	" That was hilarious ! "
tr	10	the crew shouted , raising their own cups and cheering in Chris 's direction .
tr	6	Go now ... hurry up ! "
tr	11	" I 'm the XO , as you keep reminding me , so follow my orders ! "
tr	6	The woman was tiny , her black hair straight and shiny , swept back in a careless ponytail .
tr	6	" You have a look , " advised Valerian .
tr	10	Still shaking with fear he leaps as far forward as he can , plunging into the water with incalculable angst .
tr	8	Gan returned their greeting , then said , " We 're finished here . "
tr	6	He fell with a swift stroke across his throat .
tr	11	I mean I don 't know Calvin 's financial situation of course . '
tr	7	Alejo immediately pegged her as not a morning person .
tr	10	Timothy smiles , realizing it 's a joke .
tr	5	As a sailor I know this .
tr	8	On the plain it merely froze on the ground in patches of slick ice .
tr	7	She 's probably at lessons , though . "
tr	5	Can you do it ? "
tr	11	Now that he knew Elaina did not need her , his civility evaporated .
tr	10	And what wouldn 't he have given to save her .
tr	8	" Well , it 's your money I suppose .
tr	10	" Sergeant Mudd to you Wei , " said George walking over to a chair against the wall and sitting down .
tr	7	Her throat was dry , her eyes caused pain , and everything looked like a moon landscape without any light .
tr	11	" It 's one of the things that attacked me ! "
tr	9	We set off again and finally came to a stop several minutes later .
tr	8	Their mothers continued to be very close .
tr	6	George lined up and swung slowly .
tr	9	" If Maggie is correct dear , there could be enough left over for a Masters .
tr	10	" Mr. Clancy , have you been ... " He grabbed Clancy and began dragging him back into the woods .
tr	5	" I don 't really ... " I begin .
tr	7	At the end of the passage was a door with the nameplate " Godard " affixed to it .
tr	8	He yearned to be connected .
tr	10	We 're also well into the training of a new group of Border Scouts . "
tr	6	" Well , you never look forward to school .
tr	10	" But I think men can change given the right circumstances .
tr	5	" I know , but ... " " Tonight , just tonight . "
tr	10	She frowned as they both heard the sound of pounding feet .
tr	8	I have several acquaintances of a ... lower sort .
tr	10	There were four apartments on each floor , two to the front and two to the rear of the building .
tr	9	' Nice to have told someone though . '
tr	7	He received a flogging because of that from the captain .
tr	10	" In case you hadn 't noticed , we seem to be rushing along in a train .
tr	9	In his peripheral vision , Ted could see movement on both sides of their position .
tr	6	His thoughts were not with the maps .
tr	10	She puts quickly her hand trying to hide the bruise .
tr	11	Or maybe I should say the authorities would not cooperate with us .
tr	8	He climbed up the steep slope and dried his hands on the pants he had left behind .
tr	9	As long as there was no news , there was still hope .
tr	11	The whole pub had seen better days , fuck ... ... . .
tr	10	Want to help me eat it ?
tr	6	My wife ... Well , words are not the way . "
tr	9	" Then let 's go back to the hotel and not cause an alarm . "
tr	8	Still having use for such a skilled warrior , he marches over to Less with a stern expression .
tr	8	" I think he enjoys the challenge .
tr	9	They had gone over the hill from the old village .
tr	10	His arms reached down , and his body slid off the ledge where they all were standing .
tr	7	Better do as they say . '
tr	8	Then again , he suspected the Pamela ran mostly silent anyway .
tr	6	Perhaps the most significant discovery since the First Families arrived and found the first Ghost relics . "
tr	7	" I know we can .
tr	9	" What would you think of me when I 'm 35 ? "
tr	9	I could spend the rest of my life in this one spot and have no regrets , how about you ? "
tr	8	Enough of this , he had a job to do .
tr	9	" Kind of dug it up , where ? "
tr	9	I 'd love to meet your Aussie friend .
tr	6	He looked up above him , at a fire escape platform ten feet off the ground .
tr	6	Once again , night closed in around us .
tr	8	They actually tried to kill each other , unlike the warriors ! "
tr	11	Do you wish to proceed ? "
tr	9	The monarch 's body collapsed like a sack of wheat , the rest of us too shocked to utter a sound .
tr	7	Henrietta took a step back from the counter , brought her arms up , stretched , and gave a little yawn .
tr	5	' Very old Post Office family , sir , ' said Groat .
tr	7	They did the same for the next three days , filling all the empty canisters half-full .
tr	8	The subsequent trial took into account his loss and grief , and the judge only sentenced him to fifteen years .
tr	9	I asked , turning my attention back to the flickering boat lights below .
tr	7	But most of the British guys are rained like their weather . "
tr	9	I wondered whether Olsson was amongst them .
tr	5	Moments later , he was done .
tr	11	" I used to hang with him when we were kids .
tr	11	Since most creatures were afraid of him the lack of fear he heard was a new experience .
tr	10	' People imagined I 'd do better but like most Frenchmen I 'm arrogant .
tr	6	He then pushed me out of his way towards the waiting van .
tr	6	" Thanks , " she said awkwardly , and yet somehow the unorthodox compliment warmed her .
tr	10	You 've got a nice voice you know , although the words were a bit slurred . "
tr	10	They hadn 't seen them when they 'd arrived but then their senses had been attuned to something else .
tr	6	Every gauge and dial lit up , every vacuum tube glowed to life .
tr	8	The straight river below held a steamboat trapped on a rock .
tr	10	Got to get to work .
tr	7	He kissed me on my forehead like a parent , and I opened my eyes .
tr	8	Once you 've signed in , access is wide open .
tr	5	I mean , you just teach the classes , right ? "
tr	7	I warned you , and you lived because of it .
tr	8	Without pausing for breath , I lifted the Smith & Wesson and shot Olsson point blank in the chest .
tr	7	~ Book I " Where there is a sea there are pirates . "
tr	7	He was unselfish and we felt safe with him .
tr	8	Fletcher possessed a similar weapon , a further indication of his opulent social standing .
tr	7	And the Angel answered him : " No doubt about it . "
tr	10	Finding the Hunter was not easy like that of a nutcracker 's job .
tr	9	The doctor confirmed it two days ago , and I wanted to surprise you . "
tr	10	" I guess you brought me here for the recruitment speech , " he said , measuring Rupert with his eyes .
tr	11	The hotel bed had done enough damage ; she didn 't want to think about it anymore .
tr	7	As one , we turned and regarded our apparently sleeping companion within the room .
tr	8	I think for the time being I 'll keep Robbie in England .
tr	7	The first shape fell some distance out of control and then leveled out .
tr	8	We cannot help them in their efforts , we are waiting for reinforcements .
tr	6	First , as children , before they turn , you only tell by their connection with insects .
tr	6	Thirty minutes later the band arrived on the narrow pavement outside the first record shop .
tr	9	Excitement thrilled through the Prince as the pieces lined up and began to form a bigger picture .
tr	10	Claire turned to face Bethan and wasn 't surprised to see her grinning .
tr	8	She draws upon her training and hears her instructor 's voice , " uncertainty has no place in command . "
tr	5	The square stilled and the leader , for the first time , stirred .
tr	7	Lights were still on in the electrical store .
tr	9	The military goons raised their guns and yelled , " Hands in the air .
tr	9	He looked down at the first row and saw friends and colleagues smiling back at him .
tr	9	Reluctantly , he picked up a roll topped with honey and crunchy nuts and bit into it , sunk in gloom .
tr	5	Not yet , he thought , not yet .
tr	7	Ted pulled his head back in and turned back towards the fire escape .
tr	6	" Nice knees , bud , but the hairy legs could use a Bush Hog . "
tr	6	I thanked the older man once more and followed Logan .
tr	9	What had happened to courting ?
tr	11	We didn 't want to be seen as monsters .
tr	8	She located the sound in the giant Ash tree in the middle of the grass lawn .
tr	11	Comedy is evolving and we need to evolve along with it , or be forgotten .
tr	8	" Saw him with blood on his face .
tr	7	" You are a king , and a proud , noble beast . "
tr	6	Just as I suspected , a pair of wings rise out of my back and point to the sky .
tr	9	Soon , it became clear that the world was falling apart .
tr	9	She looked at Marcus like a sad dog abandoned by her master .
tr	7	What progress in the search has been made ? "
tr	7	Minus the Egyptologist , blood getting drawn , and slaying of immortals you are just an average Joe . "
tr	8	" There isn 't much political correctness in the acting world , my dear .
tr	9	There were more mysteries to solve , more secrets to uncover .
tr	9	I tuck my hands into my body and pick at the torn skin around my wrists .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , that 's her , all right . "
tr	8	A large force has somehow come up behind us , " said the lieutenant breathlessly .
tr	10	" Ready , " Mai asks , doing her best to usher him along .
tr	11	Not impossible , you understand , but more difficult than it needed to be .
tr	9	She reached out and handed Atticus a lighter , knife and some ice water from a canteen .
tr	6	The day of his death had come so unexpectedly .
tr	9	I will speak to her doctors and discover what the situation is .
tr	7	The woman needn 't have bothered -- she had a trim , almost boyish figure .
tr	9	He turned to Lucas and saw that he still didn 't understand .
tr	8	The thugs pushed him onto the train and watched as the train departed .
tr	6	" I can 't leave , " Sarah said .
tr	6	" True , " one of the brothers agreed .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , well , never mind that . "
tr	6	" Oh , well , " Kevin said , " no big deal . "
tr	6	" We are entering dangerous waters .
tr	7	The grenades detonations killed , injured and stunned the attackers within their proximity .
tr	9	He could imagine the eccentric artist getting along just fine with the eccentric sailor .
tr	8	When used as a whole , the Talisman will carry its holder forward and back through time .
tr	11	I 'm going to put you back to sleep .
tr	11	I know you haven 't known each other for too long but it 's obvious to everyone that you belong together .
tr	6	" Why didn 't they just take your mind over ?
tr	8	was one of her more printable queries .
tr	7	Furnace stepped into the room , and Theodosia instantly got up and approached him .
tr	8	He lay his hand against Clancy 's cheek and spoke softly .
tr	5	" About the matter we discussed before . "
tr	8	All three of the men in the group were dismounted and huddled around a form on the ground .
tr	11	' It 's the largest mobilization of Hunters we have seen since the immortal wars .
tr	10	The woman disappeared and tried to attack him from behind .
tr	11	Maybe it 's not just the lights that have lost power , maybe it 's everything .
tr	7	" He was really adopted by the Falcon ? "
tr	10	the man asked , noting the bottle in Callum 's hands .
tr	7	After some brief chit chat , Timothy says , " I 'm coming out of the cafeteria now . "
tr	9	Toby and Victoria were both glancing off to their right at Jacob , who remained off-screen and silent .
tr	9	The quest will take you to far-flung places ; to places you 'd never thought to travel .
tr	6	Crawley fixed the other Deputy in a crucifying glare , but let his arm fall .
tr	9	The Italian countryside was , perhaps , even more beautiful and captivating than the lands of France .
tr	6	Family loyalties were redirected , their fortunes made more , or less , certain .
tr	5	" My mom isn 't a spy . "
tr	11	Arriving in front of the stage she did not make any effort to look for the stairs .
tr	7	" Are there any Goblin tribes around here that are allied with any Humans ? "
tr	8	" Well , I suggest you come up with something else . "
tr	8	However , they had already broken the back of this arduous job .
tr	8	By the way , hell of a kid you have there ! "
tr	8	" Things changed after that day , I guess . "
tr	11	I came here to say I 'm sorry . "
tr	9	What if Riki slept all night and forgot about him ?
tr	9	I said , " Think of it more like Teddy Roosevelt , ' Speak softly and carry a big stick . '
tr	7	He motioned to Kurt , and the condemned turned .
tr	8	Ryan entered the room as the rest left the office .
tr	11	I 'm pretty sure she doesn 't have political motivations , " said Jace .
tr	6	I perch over the hole into the icy water with some ice cubes .
tr	11	I search for my sunglasses and shove them on my face even though it 's dark outside again .
tr	9	Sofia bent to sit on the magical chair .
tr	9	Be ready to use them .
tr	6	She led us out of the room , through the Bower , to the Hall .
tr	9	The cane is the symbol of the line of the kings . "
tr	10	I got there to find the being waiting for me .
tr	11	It was senior prom , and it didn 't take long for everyone to stampede into the parking lot .
tr	5	" Yet , you mean , don 't you ? "
tr	9	" Those cylinders we saw in Hangar One or Two ? "
tr	9	Chapter 24 The afternoon rain has just let up , leaving the grass beaded and fresh .
tr	9	† † † " What is next for you ? "
tr	8	She had her right hand on his shoulder and he clasped her left hand in his as they danced .
tr	6	After a brief discussion they headed off again further into the jungle .
tr	7	She relaxed and smiled , " OK .
tr	11	There are a couple more surprises waiting for you before you get to the island .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	9	The van accelerated through the demolished gate and turned in the direction of the QM stores .
tr	9	As he asked her these questions , his voice was getting louder , his rage building .
tr	9	Please ... " Rand looked down at the soft creature nestled within his arms .
tr	5	Cobb 's excited voice distracted Chris a moment .
tr	7	I 'll stamp on her toes !
tr	6	And have you found it at last ? "
tr	10	That 's explosives that direct their force in a primary direction .
tr	5	" Every single day , all day long , for the past six months .
tr	10	The landscape swirled by in a rush , and I was again struck by the beauty of this country .
tr	10	He didn 't know why he had remembered his experience .
tr	10	She was still searching her whirling brain for a safe topic of conversation when Josh spoke again .
tr	8	We 've had potential investors walk away before .
tr	11	I was sure Tara ought to rest .
tr	7	Gabe stops but doesn 't say anything .
tr	8	" Got ta take care of my best customer , right Chuck ? "
tr	11	" Did you not put much forethought into the planning of this date ?
tr	10	The plants and hedges had been placed with an eye for beauty and symmetry .
tr	9	I can 't actually get you off this island because I 'm just a kid .
tr	11	Any resolve I had to be 007 disappeared .
tr	8	Quickly , they walked back to the wagon , with the doctor leading the way .
tr	6	" If I do , what will you do with my body ? "
tr	5	" Sure , I got it . "
tr	9	Verse 18 ' He that believeth on him is not condemned . '
tr	8	" Maybe we shouldn 't touch this stuff , Dad , " Alex timidly protested .
tr	6	With unsteady legs and shaking arms she pulls herself back to her feet .
tr	6	Yet , at the same time , a surprising symmetry and hidden beauty emerged from the images in the sludge .
tr	8	She looked up into the mask of Black Scorpion .
tr	5	With a loud hiss , all seven panels suddenly open .
tr	7	To me he was always gone , " Gabe says and looks away .
tr	8	Just then all the Bees in the Rosemary plant rose up into the air above the fence .
tr	11	Then he slid the lid over until it fell off the barrel onto the ground .
tr	11	John noticed that the Adventurous ' pockets appeared to be bottomless .
tr	5	Over an intercom , a dry and disembodied voice recounted the relevant facts .
tr	11	Her heart thumped as she saw it was 2pm .
tr	7	Out the open front door Amanda could see the Chinese convoy speed around the building and head south .
tr	6	" Next time I go with you . "
tr	9	Your exhaust trails should be now out of sight of the naked eye . "
tr	10	Raphael went to the front of the stage wondering what to expect .
tr	11	" Now who 's leaving who behind ? "
tr	8	" Anyone know about the Battle of Stalingrad ? "
tr	5	You and your friend came here often enough . "
tr	9	My captors have given me a statement to read . "
tr	9	He strained his eyes in the direction of the sound , but still saw nothing .
tr	10	It is not going to be easy and will take time .
tr	8	But then about three-fourths of the way through , they heard a vehicle coming up behind them .
tr	5	My legs tire , my mouth dries , my left side aches , and my head pounds .
tr	9	" Mr. Jones needed 70 percent thrust to land her hard .
tr	8	That 's what I 'm here about .
tr	7	I drowned in your spirit , Lilly Ann , your beauty and your grace .
tr	9	Very nice to make your acquaintance . "
tr	11	" There is nothing you have to say .
tr	9	As if I 'd know snow clouds from any other kind , she thought to herself .
tr	5	At least it felt that way .
tr	8	If it wasn 't for the French Navy , none of them would have gotten out alive . "
tr	11	The notebook contained the itinerary his conference coordinator had put together for the Labor Day weekend merger signing .
tr	7	A picture of me up there should shut Carl up for a while .
tr	10	I think what you 're doing is amazing .
tr	7	Me , not like him , I was perfect happy without any friends .
tr	7	" George is or rather was Harry 's best friend .
tr	11	He looked away and concentrated on checking each and every house he passed for signs of male inhabitants .
tr	10	' I 'll get my secretary to chase this up . '
tr	11	bellowed the other who were sitting next to Ricky .
tr	8	Once out of the cave , Black Scorpion and Raven were not to be seen .
tr	10	Dominic says as they turn to leave .
tr	9	She unwound the webs which held his legs .
tr	10	Jeff said , swimming back toward the stern of the ship .
tr	8	With that , Chris turned and began sliding down the dune .
tr	9	We are cast here in the middle world and are searching for ways that your spirit wishes .
tr	9	" Johnny , me and Ralph need to take a look at the books .
tr	9	" So you want to take this back to the CIA ?
tr	10	It has to be something about yourself . "
tr	8	Miss Julie brightened for several minutes , becoming more aware of her surroundings .
tr	11	When Bradley finished talking , Dustin appeared to be convinced that it was all true .
tr	10	Elaina spat back , anger flashing in her eyes .
tr	7	" Uh ... " Fine yellow hues pulse through Gabe 's aura .
tr	7	It had everything : potatoes , lettuces , courgettes , sweetcorn , cabbages , strawberries .
tr	7	She didn 't respond but , unlike the last time , Josh didn 't pull away .
tr	11	Are you able to come right up ? "
tr	5	Among the recognizable houseplants are scattered thick hanging vines and occasional beautiful orchids .
tr	9	" They prefer to be called ... privateers , " he said .
tr	8	Everybody has to be outside . "
tr	10	But yesterday I 'd have named you a villager 's fantasy , too . "
tr	7	her eyes twinkling well aware of his discomfort .
tr	5	" Alastor ... I can 't ... " " Please , " Alastor begged .
tr	8	There were three other children in the basket with her , wild , hysterical with despair .
tr	9	Hopefully , they won 't realize that it is not the same shuttle reentering .
tr	10	Another bowl was set down and she was sat in front of it .
tr	10	Jonesy helped her by describing the continuous roll of the asteroid .
tr	5	" You really are a handsome devil .
tr	7	She sniffled a bit and rubbed her nose with her sleeve .
tr	7	Riki screamed , dropped the torch , and threw herself into his arms .
tr	7	For a moment all was still , and then the youth urged his horse a few steps nearer .
tr	10	" Can we throw some of that laundry powder over it to help with the smell ? "
tr	11	Across the water , Chris watched as a light approached , getting bigger by the moment .
tr	10	Without bothering to ask her .
tr	7	She pronounced each word in clipped tones , her promise unmistakable .
tr	10	I guess that 's what it was . "
tr	9	" You taught my dad to be a spy ? "
tr	10	And now a Summons ... shadows and light , what had he done to deserve this ?
tr	5	But during winter and autumn , it 's miserable .
tr	10	Where the rubble had been , there was now a hole large enough for a man to pass through .
tr	9	Let 's let Dad sleep a little longer .
tr	9	The stairs were formed with exquisite curvature leading to the chambers upstairs .
tr	11	" This is loosely translated , as all of them basically say the same thing , but not exactly ! "
tr	11	These facts made James hard to deal with Alvin .
tr	11	I 'm sitting in a pasture at night with a gun protecting a flock of sheep .
tr	9	On the walls were strange , small torches that put out low light .
tr	9	Doctor Bobby Wilson stood pensively across the room watching in clear distaste .
tr	10	He seemed to be possessed by her beauty .
tr	8	As not okay as can be imagined .
tr	9	The man stopped on one page for a long while before nodding his head and picking up the coin .
tr	10	Something inside him was seemed to be stealing his life away .
tr	10	Marie with her team had set up a workstation to deal with any injuries .
tr	5	" You remember the starting procedure ? "
tr	8	Our commander is in constant contact with me , by sat phone . "
tr	10	" I happen to think it is .
tr	6	" There 's uh , one more thing , Maya .
tr	10	I 'm trying not to overwhelm you , so I 'll just give you a piece at a time .
tr	10	" You can 't tell me that 's the same , " screamed Alison .
tr	8	She took the girl 's hand in her own , clutching it tightly .
tr	8	For hours she heard only the nylon scrape of her feathers as the shifting wind tweaked her graceful wings .
tr	8	Are you coming back now ? "
tr	11	He didn 't know she 'd been doing all that .
tr	5	There 's another long pause .
tr	9	" Care to join me ? "
tr	5	" Sorry , Wyatt , for now , it 's just her . "
tr	11	How come I ain 't heard about this ?
tr	10	" I warned you not to watch anything in the future , " he reminded her .
tr	8	" One thing is for sure ; this dress isn 't doing me any favors .
tr	6	Noah contemplated his surroundings in the protective garden for several minutes .
tr	8	" Trust me , sweetie , " Sarah said as she kissed him .
tr	5	And yes , we , or at least I have a question . "
tr	6	CHAPTER 23 Abbey carried her groceries across the parking lot towards her car .
tr	11	Do you think it 's a bonfire .
tr	5	" The Starbuck and it ain 't my ship . "
tr	9	I 'd reached the farm only just ahead of a renewed English assault to retake the farm .
tr	5	Hey , stork , deliver any babies recently ?
tr	9	" Still slipping out in the night to adventure with Link , I take it ? "
tr	7	" It was purely a matter of dedication and stellar performance ! "
tr	10	" So you want mum to not only finance you but your boyfriend as well ? "
tr	8	" London 's normally about two hours away , " shouted Archie over the noise of the engine .
tr	6	" With the stretch out , patrols will be limited . "
tr	9	Dan vowed to keep trying .
tr	11	Bitch about everything that sucks in the world .
tr	9	' They must have been watching Strauss 's office . '
tr	11	He wanted to see what distracted Yuri .
tr	6	Gates and doors hung ajar , glass cage fronts lay in shards .
tr	10	" I-I don 't know , " he meekly responds , wondering where the harsh tone is originating .
tr	6	I heard the first inquisitive meow after several minutes .
tr	8	He must have had a teleconference and forgotten .
tr	7	" About half a day , I think , " David said , pouring his coffee .
tr	9	' That 's not the entire plan , is it ? '
tr	6	" We just , I mean , everything just worked out , sort of .
tr	10	Thanks for coming to tell us .
tr	10	Tsubasa played this down , portraying his involvement in his father 's empire as minimal .
tr	8	Isn 't it time for bed , dear boy ? "
tr	8	Whether we are or not is immaterial , as my last orders implied .
tr	7	The rest of the journey passed without any notable mishap or adventure .
tr	6	The view of the land gradually faded in .
tr	8	The others drew back to make room .
tr	11	Our notes are all that is left of it . "
tr	7	Cautiously , Ted proceeded up the narrow stairs to the second floor , shotgun at the ready .
tr	10	" Do you know anyone who does ? "
tr	6	A few weeks in Wanaka pulling pints will restore your funds . "
tr	7	I could not detect any genetic degeneration or defects in either plants or animals . "
tr	7	You are still the only man for me .
tr	9	" Important for us big shots to work just as hard as our underlings .
tr	9	There 's a Flight Officer Wilkinson here to see you sir . "
tr	8	" Argh , " the demon growled , and he bounced up in the air as if shot .
tr	10	There were even whispers that he was a prince and lord of battles , of all things .
tr	8	The door and the trim on the exterior were bright blue , like the picture in the tour guide .
tr	11	" Is that deer walking with a bear ? "
tr	10	Reggie looked at Anderson with sudden concern , but could tell nothing from his expression except possibly suppressed amusement .
tr	9	' You must have the lives of a thousand cats , ' Anatole said with a grin , visibly relaxing .
tr	7	We took off for the second building 's fire escape , heading down this time .
tr	5	Your grandparents , after a few years , made a permanent move . "
tr	9	We have this bluish sort of magnetic field around the aircraft .
tr	5	They are a warm brown like caramel .
tr	9	" Did you see me coming ?
tr	7	I searched the group and looked for the talking dead man .
tr	5	" Come , " she said , carefully guiding him down the grand central stairway .
tr	9	His lips felt dry and cracked when he licked them .
tr	6	" Hey , you , " the subject called out to them in English .
tr	8	His world turned black as Pickett went on .
tr	7	He didn 't feel alone but he did feel loneliness .
tr	6	But no one laughed behind my back or whispered jokes to each other .
tr	7	The horse heard the command in his voice and was immediately obediently still .
tr	9	Don 't let her be dead , I couldn 't stand it .
tr	7	Silly woman , he is not that sort of man .
tr	6	The man in the black suit and tie let loose a sly smile , " I 'm Death . "
tr	6	" Damn , " Jack said , " This place is wack ! "
tr	9	They were within their power after all to appoint him .
tr	9	The Guardian will see him when the audience is over . "
tr	6	Nobody ever put fuel into it . "
tr	8	While Lonnie waited for Ricky he looked out from their second floor window .
tr	10	Katherine had ended the silence by asking after him .
tr	9	The Pastor had prayed for smoke , for the shine of something metallic .
tr	6	" I 'm not walking , " John said flatly .
tr	8	Dozens of absurd faces from mummies to princesses to demons .
tr	10	There was no confession when I read this , " pleaded Josh .
tr	9	This girl didn 't even seem to be burned .
tr	9	" Of course , this is what happened to the Hotel Diplomat this afternoon .
tr	10	Getting hard to walk here . "
tr	10	Coals placed in there , with a supply of crumbled wood , would keep alight for days .
tr	11	For several minutes , Jeff was able to hold Harrison at bay .
tr	6	he continued half mockingly half in shock at her outlandish statements .
tr	11	If they find Noah that would be where they would take him , the best major hospital .
tr	6	Rafe could hardly believe it .
tr	8	he had heard up near the ridge all those weeks ago .
tr	5	Thoughts less foolish followed ; of police , lawyers , jail , anger management classes .
tr	9	The air was dry and choked with the dust stirred up by the excavation .
tr	11	Morgan immediately began to work on dissipating it .
tr	7	And Other Philosophical Questions The Lawyer Smashwords Edition , License Notes This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	6	Grabbing the pup , she dried off his feet , removed her boots , and cleaned up the floor .
tr	9	If they really know , you 'd only give them exactly what they want : you .
tr	8	" If anything moves to threaten you again , I will stop it .
tr	11	His gray eyes searched my face , moving from my eyes and lingering on my lips .
tr	6	" Well , at least you still look human , and not like a huge bat . "
tr	10	Let me know where you are . "
tr	10	I watched bored my phone and saw that I had only one hour left , until arriving at the destination .
tr	10	My guards and I would trek out into the wild in small groups , and we 'd chase the stags .
tr	6	It being mid-afternoon , the preparations for supper were well underway .
tr	6	At first , the Chronicler was in view .
tr	11	I 'm not going to let this weirdo family scare her away .
tr	8	He felt paralyzed with indecision , but then , throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
tr	7	He nodded towards the servant and then smiled over at his daughter .
tr	10	It was just what she needed to hear .
tr	10	" Because you want to be a sailor I am going to treat you like one . "
tr	6	He quickly transformed back to his giant form .
tr	9	Once he was up , he drew a .22 caliber pistol and screwed a suppressor onto the end of the barrel .
tr	10	We just have to be ready for it when it happens . "
tr	7	He made his way back to the small dirt road and crossed over the canal .
tr	6	Moments later , he felt soft breath near his ear .
tr	8	" Things didn 't go too well for them , as I recall . "
tr	10	On the surface things seemed to be getting back to normal .
tr	8	" We 've talked about it , " said Ben , shrugging his shoulders .
tr	9	She let it drip over the folded edge of the paper .
tr	8	" Well , that was a little better , " Ted told himself " Thank you ! "
tr	7	And now , he finally knew what it meant .
tr	7	His laugh was as infectious as his grin and Missy liked him immediately .
tr	9	His laughter was less merciful than the ring of flint on steel .
tr	5	" Roughly seventeen light years , give or take a light year . "
tr	7	" Very well , " Mana said , but Theodosia had already closed the door .
tr	6	Nodding out the window , Chuck snapped , " Here they come . "
tr	6	Certainly the coyote could not bring her food .
tr	7	The hawk caught his scalp on the way by , as I said .
tr	9	It had been a long time for the hate to brood in him .
tr	11	Fuchs ' men would have been seen traveling back and forth numerous times , preparing the coup .
tr	9	They crept up the two flights of stairs and waited behind the door for the order to advance .
tr	9	The only sounds that could be heard were intensely frightening .
tr	11	Is he going to hurt anyone ? "
tr	7	Elaina didn 't follow , he saw when he surfaced .
tr	9	I really did not want the image of Lars to destroy my day .
tr	5	" Yes , your Highness , " Captain Grey suddenly said .
tr	7	Eventually Riki whispered , " You can breathe again , idiot . "
tr	11	Gabe twists around in his seat to hammer me with his eyes .
tr	9	He could have reached out and touched the stones on either side .
tr	9	" She left it unlocked for you .
tr	8	" Hey , sweetheart , " she starts , her voice absurdly calm considering the situation .
tr	8	In the center , I glimpsed a silver diamond etched and painted onto the surface .
tr	9	Wherever she was from , it was not there .
tr	6	" He has some busted ribs , a broken arm and a cracked collarbone . "
tr	8	Let 's put our histories behind us in that interest , shall we Watcher ? "
tr	9	He appeared twisted and distorted , as if he were no longer human .
tr	5	" Yes , " I replied bluntly .
tr	10	Chris felt compelled to move at last .
tr	8	Next morning when I woke up they were gone .
tr	9	Two pillows lie on the floor next to the bed .
tr	7	It was Trinity , the sound and pitch of her voice was unmistakable to him .
tr	5	' Yes , such a shame , William was so dashing . '
tr	8	Please assemble your men and evacuate the residents as quickly as possible . "
tr	7	" No , Master , the two horses went in that direction , but the warrior went east . "
tr	6	In fact , they 'd made up his mind , too .
tr	11	The gypsy , Davey , wrinkled his nose at the smell and turned on his heel to exit the room .
tr	9	Her rib cage slammed into his and he hooked a leg around the back of hers , preventing her escape .
tr	9	The resulting smoke from the smoldering material sped for the line of the door and disappeared .
tr	9	We 've got to get back !
tr	6	We look up and out and we see incredibly vast , we look in and down and we see incredibly miniscule .
tr	8	Chris went to his history class with Mr. Cobb on Tuesdays and Thursdays .
tr	10	She nodded when the pup took the nipple and began sucking .
tr	6	You cannot hold them alone ! "
tr	6	" Gentleman , is there any problem meeting the new design specifications ? "
tr	6	He sent word to Enrico .
tr	5	" Here we are , " he said rather tensely .
tr	8	The way she pronounced my name , my legs softened .
tr	6	I swear on my beloved floppy hat . "
tr	7	He smiled to me and without warning , took me in his arms with warm .
tr	8	She was not hungry , but she did yearn for greater warmth .
tr	6	Your memories are coming back , right ? "
tr	8	" Not that I know of , " Andy replied .
tr	6	" It 's not corny , sir , " said Beau quietly .
tr	6	Around the man 's feet lay almost a dozen empty water bottles .
tr	9	She followed him in , perching on the sofa , all thought of making tea forgotten .
tr	8	' We 've found ze bands very , interesting , ' he said stretching the truth .
tr	9	" And I want you to know something too , Old Man .
tr	7	Who will rescue you tonight ? "
tr	11	I think he knows we 're here . "
tr	9	But he was standing right next to the fallen soldier with the heart of stone .
tr	11	They began to collect Logos even as the enemy readied a counter attack .
tr	10	He stepped into the room with two men behind him , both armed with rifles .
tr	7	It is just standard requirement for military flight rules . "
tr	7	In a detached shed off the house was a small refrigerator and cupboard of bowls , plates , and eating utensils .
tr	5	In winter , however , the predominate color here was a soft brown .
tr	11	Dacre had to be there to see him .
tr	11	She appeared to be held by two men , and her head was slumping forward on her chest .
tr	6	" Okay , but be quick , " I told her .
tr	9	The Captain accompanied her , hovering nervously as she served .
tr	11	But above all pray to the almighty that he might show you the path to truthfulness . '
tr	9	He watched the man get out of the truck and come toward him .
tr	6	The top extension had windows , so that was obviously the command deck .
tr	8	The snow piled up throughout the day as they hurried down the path .
tr	8	' As rude as ever , I see , ' he grumbled .
tr	6	" It 's time , " the shrunken head said in a whisper .
tr	11	Even as she resolved to speak to him , she realised she had nothing to say .
tr	6	In that smile I see the little boy from the photos .
tr	9	" Oh ... sorry , Johnny " Phillip said before laughing again .
tr	5	" Wow , you guys are one tough crowd . "
tr	7	I looked down at her and let out an obvious evil grin .
tr	7	The king glances only briefly , then settles back into his throne , a smug smile on his face .
tr	8	The room was dead with silent in a trance as the group played their love song .
tr	11	Two of the walls were solid sheets of glass looking out onto farmland , now veiled in grey rain .
tr	5	As a woman , I am excluded . "
tr	7	Finan shook his head , casting Adele a wary glance .
tr	10	Don 't you know to knock before you enter ?
tr	11	Let me know if you need anything .
tr	6	Dozens of other kids were jumping out .
tr	8	She remembered hugging his thick leg , feeling safe .
tr	8	" Yeah it 's kind of funny isn 't it ? "
tr	9	Scott opened the kitchen door as the familiar sheriff extracted himself from the squad .
tr	7	the nurse with the clogs snapped , then turned back to Alejo .
tr	6	No dessert until you eat your vegetables , and no rebirth until you eat your fruit .
tr	6	My grandmother and great-grandmother 's names are above it . "
tr	8	" Well ... I couldn 't ignore you , I would seem rude . "
tr	7	The door beeped and swung open .
tr	9	Several huge metal hangars clustered together all spray coated a sort of greyish green .
tr	9	The thought of landing sooner rather than later was becoming more appealing by the minute .
tr	6	By the time the hour is up , I 've successfully scaled the wall a half-dozen times .
tr	10	" I 'm surprised that you are not there already , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	6	She glanced up and down the hallway , then slammed the door shut and locked it .
tr	10	- You don 't like to talk with me .
tr	10	Don 't underestimate him , " she warns , struggling to focus her thoughts .
tr	6	" And this is Kim Davidoff , our chief designer . "
tr	11	She looked at the last egg and knew Hailey had slept with it .
tr	8	Dressed in jeans and Chelsea Football Club jacket he fitted in well with the crowds .
tr	8	" It has to be Peyton .
tr	9	Life was far beyond anyone 's grasp , as they discovered so disastrously in the Shadow Wars .
tr	8	Josie was taken aback by Jimmy 's accusation .
tr	5	His tone was stern and authoritative .
tr	10	I heard the ping first and felt the pricks of shattered tree bark against my back .
tr	5	With a shaky breath , Alethea said , " My father was murdered . "
tr	8	Maybe we should stay -- " " Oy !
tr	9	Victor was the one who voiced it .
tr	5	Tristan , Ari , James , Taylor , and Avery holding Tera were all there waiting .
tr	11	So today the girls and I went out to do one of my favorite activities ; shopping .
tr	9	The caster grinned , stepping out from behind the trees .
tr	8	" Why not get a boat and go after them ?
tr	10	I knew it was Father , accompanying my visitor .
tr	10	I asked for it , to have a crush on a lunatic .
tr	9	Will you help me show them round Cambridge ?
tr	7	Please tell the others it will be a few more minutes . "
tr	10	" Under the circumstances I think you made the right decisions and settled upon the correct priority .
tr	5	The Goddess offers you a new , glorious life . "
tr	9	Taylor didn 't know what to believe .
tr	10	therefore , I have not attempted to place it in APA format .
tr	5	" What are you doing ? "
tr	6	The creek ran through the forest to Alexander Springs State Park .
tr	7	Was a little hut , I got in and was indeed a bath with mirrors and toilets .
tr	10	A place for she and I to live away from the hustle and bustle of city life .
tr	8	he asked , wiping a film off his lips .
tr	7	Mark stood only a few steps short of the dirty duo .
tr	9	Hailey jumped to the ground from the planter and turned to look back .
tr	7	" But I don 't understand , " said Soul , leaning forward and lowering her voice .
tr	5	I don 't understand . "
tr	10	Beyond the stone , the graves ascend a small hill , dozens of them lining the square pathways .
tr	9	" You 're happy to obey me ? "
tr	8	We could have it for dinner tonight , " suggested VIN .
tr	10	The orbs push up with a mad insistence , but I keep the skin of my palms anchored down .
tr	10	When they heard your scream falling out of the plane they went looking for you . "
tr	8	It appears it was remotely controlled .
tr	5	Look , there 's a magic path here . "
tr	6	" On the walk home last week ... " " I know , " he said and smiled .
tr	10	Shaking his head dismissively , Link decides he 'd rather pass on the subject .
tr	10	That 's how they were described at school .
tr	10	Heads began to rise up and take gluttonous nips at the innocent groups ankles .
tr	11	He looked back up the hallway to Nurse Edwards , who was calling his name , but heard nothing .
tr	8	She chattered nonstop , even if it was her first visit .
tr	6	The stars are back in the sky .
tr	8	Therefore , I did not doubt any more of her healthy mind .
tr	6	The air was just warm , almost cool , and smelled clear and crisp .
tr	6	A rejuvenated Sky demanded games and entertainment until late in the evening .
tr	5	A few words , some handshakes , perhaps a brief , formal embrace , and then only empty space would remain .
tr	9	You are a genius , John , no two ways about it . "
tr	11	I know Mormons who would kill for that !
tr	5	" Maya , don 't go . "
tr	7	Jimmy said , snapping his fingers .
tr	9	The rate of firing increased as the remainder of the unit brought their vehicles into firing positions .
tr	8	The caster had never done this before , whatever it was .
tr	6	" Don 't even answer their stupid questions . "
tr	10	Everything I can do in this world is because of you .
tr	9	And all that I 'm asking you Damian is to not destroy our friendship . "
tr	11	Any faster and they would be unable to remain in orbit on their arrival .
tr	6	He placed them in the small plastic tray on the counter .
tr	9	" The sales from my books have left me the fortune I wanted .
tr	9	Do we need anything ? "
tr	9	They do not ride hard and have rarely been less than a few hours behind us .
tr	7	Without his beard he 'd probably look like an average ugly middle-aged man .
tr	6	" I enjoy my histories , " she said , all trace of trembling emotion lost .
tr	9	He walked over to the touch screen and turned to face Pete .
tr	7	Her half-eaten bread forgotten , she pushed her hair back out of her eyes and smeared crumbs over her face .
tr	5	Smoke billowed and the studio roof rained plaster .
tr	9	He stood up out of the water , skin regenerated , hair slowly growing again .
tr	9	That 's what I loved about her .
tr	11	" Now , I see that my wife has collected some fine company for the evening .
tr	9	The last report I received from him indicates his line is approximately here . "
tr	8	I mean who was he really ?
tr	7	He bobbed up and down , arching his back .
tr	10	" It 's really cold out there , " he said , pouring himself a cup of tea .
tr	7	I don 't have your names , " Mr. Cole told them quietly .
tr	8	Seems like a waste of coal to me . "
tr	10	Greed was the only thing that ever united Hai Hai and the priest .
tr	8	There a woman , pretty big , like in those horror movies , stopped us .
tr	11	" Are we going to play football in our lesson today ? "
tr	7	Negotiating the deepest puddles and the flooded wagon wheel ruts , they quickly reached the back of the nearest buildings .
tr	8	Softly , she made her way to the closed door and cautiously cracked it open and peaked out .
tr	11	" I 'm really not sure I like that , and I didn 't realize it would be possible . "
tr	7	Others joined in , " What was school like ? "
tr	8	He put his glasses on and opened up another folder on his desk .
tr	9	All of the inner hatches in the space station were open , as he had left them .
tr	11	" But it 's high time for you to have your supper and get to bed . "
tr	11	At least you 're not wearing a towel with a hole cut in the center and no sides ! "
tr	8	Chapter Thirty One Lord Brogan dismounted and looked around him ; the camp was bustling with activity .
tr	7	The driver is over there , smoking , just outside the door .
tr	10	The people around start to stare at me but I didn 't care .
tr	7	If Kurt discovered our attack , things would get troublesome in short order .
tr	7	I could have impaled you .
tr	10	Now that she has been sent upstairs I cannot toss her out .
tr	10	Zoe picked up Laura , trying to comfort her .
tr	10	" Where is the demon that holds your soul , my love ? "
tr	9	Tight enough to hurt her .
tr	6	It conforms to our noise recognition records to a Chinese Class IV nuclear attack sub .
tr	9	I am afraid of losing her .
tr	6	Finally uncomfortable enough , I hurried over to the only window on the fourth floor .
tr	10	Gabriel forced himself to relax back into the pillow , weak with relief at the sight of his friend .
tr	5	Keep In Touch Wait , don 't go !
tr	7	It chose me , " he finally answered .
tr	8	They 're impossible to sink . "
tr	10	She recognized some items from when she went to school .
tr	11	Now he found that instead of the uncertainty those words had created receding , it was gathering in force .
tr	11	You kill them right away so they don 't take over your planet and mess up your national monuments . "
tr	6	Someone must 've ... " I blinked , my eyes losing focus again , and then I shuttered my lids .
tr	8	A long staff with a viscous looking blade glimmering in the light .
tr	11	I closed my Audi 's door as quietly as possible and crossed the road .
tr	10	" There may be only one hope for all of us . "
tr	8	Perhaps a shuffling this time , the burnt ground scrapping against feet .
tr	10	With no warning , Nathan found himself sobbing in her arms , and could not make himself stop for some time .
tr	9	Prepare to beg for forgiveness .
tr	7	I watched on the left and on the right very carefully .
tr	11	White shutters at the windows winked at me in a friendly sort of way .
tr	9	The squeaking hinges on the coach 's door jerked us out of our pensive daydream .
tr	8	" We now know what happened , " he said tiredly .
tr	9	My adrenaline pumped so hard the veins in my arms were showing .
tr	10	She didn 't know what would happen next .
tr	6	It 's all lies and half-truths , riddles and misdirection . "
tr	9	Sure we can put others to work , but to free up the Guard troops we need soldiers .
tr	11	And you know I 'll watch over Lubna like my own daughter . "
tr	6	" I speak little English but good Malay . "
tr	9	" Get some sleep Wendy , " she said , " there is nothing to fear here ... . .
tr	11	Only to realize that she had arrived at a dead end .
tr	8	He finally settled on the older , more desiccated , corpse .
tr	6	she asked with desire in her voice .
tr	11	" Are you not coming with me ? "
tr	9	Enough to be considering marriage .
tr	10	I expected things to be in order , and you idiots botched it all . "
tr	8	' That 's Ok nurse , I 've had rougher treatment than this , believe me . '
tr	8	This left me doing the hard work -- typical .
tr	10	I am certain that the streets above ground will be extremely dangerous .
tr	8	' Make that a lot of dead rats . '
tr	11	The only people he ought to be concerned about are his wife and kids .
tr	7	How can I ... how can I ... FIND ANOTHER WAY !
tr	5	On the plus side , he was an optimist .
tr	9	Military helicopters had flown in , armed troops spilling out and forming a perimeter .
tr	9	Jason thinks he looks ridiculous but there is something dangerous about him as well .
tr	8	Before long the map of the City of the Robots was ready .
tr	11	He bent down to study the ground smoothing a patch with his palm .
tr	10	That 's probably why he 's so good at it . '
tr	8	One thing was for sure ; Alita 's parents weren 't eating top ramen for lunch .
tr	5	Lord 's Tsarist Commission credentials , however , overrode any supposed former state secrets .
tr	10	Victoria hugged Toby so hard he could hardly breathe .
tr	10	" Got them locked up as we speak .
tr	11	Scott decided that maybe he had done enough bulldozing for today and climbed onto the dozer .
tr	11	His face was made of granite and his chin was so strong he lifted weights with it .
tr	10	Ultimately , that was his problem to work out and deal with .
tr	5	Chapter Seven Marco 9 April 1912 , London ENGLAND Marco Lorenza 's head hurt .
tr	5	Now one , two , three , open your eyes . "
tr	8	It was ... it was good , being your partner .
tr	11	It could only have come from Someone greater than they , Someone all-powerful and all-knowing .
tr	10	Those responsible were to be caught and made an example of .
tr	9	There 's time for you to try it . "
tr	11	I can 't say I didn 't ask for it .
tr	6	The stars , the alien , the spaceship , other planets , all you , Enoch , " she says .
tr	7	" All right , " Taylor answered a bit skeptically , " You are on .
tr	10	Taylor was glad to be on his way .
tr	11	You should honor him by showing the same level of dedication .
tr	8	Or , so he felt until from the other side of the room Des called , action .
tr	9	Sofia smiled and ruffled the child 's hair and entered the portal with tears on her eyes .
tr	9	Who could stand where Guardians fall ?
tr	10	He was still at the age when playing with his sister was an option .
tr	7	" Boss is on the phone , " called Paddy .
tr	5	' No , I 'm not , I 'm all bladder .
tr	11	You 're not supposed to do that anyway , Dad ! "
tr	8	The crowd burst into cheers of relief and appreciation .
tr	5	" My good captain , finally we can meet .
tr	8	They watched Ethan expectantly as he tried the ravioli .
tr	8	In the light of the tent 's lamp , Alejo took in his captive 's dusty jeans and sweater .
tr	10	I tried to run to him but someone held me back .
tr	10	More than just following the prince into danger , Rylan wanted to meet the source of this trouble .
tr	10	He would not quit the chase until he faced his enemy in battle .
tr	11	" What the devil has that got to do with those sticks ? "
tr	5	" Well , now , young feller , what 's all this now ?
tr	8	We 'll write the letter , and go to the docks tonight . "
tr	7	This is a work of fiction .
tr	5	For the first time tonight , I noticed her beautiful , strapless , gold satin Cells dress .
tr	9	He cleared his mind of all thoughts and became sharpened ; the first of the sentry posts was almost upon him .
tr	10	Even now , when filled with anger for her , he was still trying to be kind .
tr	6	" ' Yessir , Pastor , ' he said , ' Still driving my own tractor . '
tr	5	At least in this case , the woman wasn 't the best dresser .
tr	9	The next morning , Sarah noticed that John was very quiet at breakfast .
tr	7	" The fleet has reported in , sir , " the operations officer announced .
tr	8	Mai exclaims as they finally reach the dome room once again .
tr	8	Lord Brogan reached out and placed his hand upon his son 's shoulder .
tr	5	" You hope , " I say quietly .
tr	9	They knew their people to be mild , farmers mostly .
tr	5	Taylor and Hunt looked the other way .
tr	6	Of everything he was saying , this was true and always had been .
tr	9	Why the lands are plagued with dark uprisings time and time again .
tr	11	Both sets of eyes looked up as Ulf approached Sarah 's ever watchful .
tr	7	He had feelings for her .
tr	6	" Come on , " Hagan protested , " just give it to me .
tr	6	Fury and fright , sorrow and frustration gave her strength and bravery ; she slapped him .
tr	9	Alejo grimaced and massaged his temple , feet planted on the tile floor .
tr	6	His hand rested on a coiled rope on his belt .
tr	6	Gema 's heart jumped in her chest .
tr	6	The crocodile was enormous , his eyes flashed angrily and his great jaws opened threateningly .
tr	6	The old man was scraggly and fat , but hard .
tr	8	" We 've got to go .
tr	9	~ It was after midnight when the men assembled down at the marina .
tr	6	She has potential , he noted , and she 's definitely interested .
tr	6	What , you need the safe combination ?
tr	9	he thought , " the bloody walls are still hot from yesterday . "
tr	6	" They are setting up their own search teams . "
tr	6	My next attempt at the mind slipper technique was not a guaranteed gamble .
tr	6	" You 're like twelve ! "
tr	7	13 Finally the meteor storm nightmare was over , but there was still one more problem within our path .
tr	10	The agents kept their distance , unsure what to do next .
tr	10	The one place we know she isn 't .
tr	5	" Oh , I don 't know . "
tr	7	" Ooh that rhymed . "
tr	11	He snapped as he turned to face the man .
tr	10	" Get in , " she said , heading to the other side of the car .
tr	8	There was no hint of frustration in his tone , or worry .
tr	8	She looked at the thing as if it were poison .
tr	9	Mark placed his hands on the table , palms down , and turned to regard Agent Cooper .
tr	11	Before I release you I need to know whether you believe that . '
tr	9	I pull my wrists free of the cuffs and concentrate only on the dog .
tr	7	" Well , I 'll be , " said Hawk , coming gingerly forward through the underbrush .
tr	5	Their families will never know . "
tr	10	Beppe you should know better than to ask that question . "
tr	10	" And in order to do that , you need me to tell you where he is . "
tr	11	The sun was still shining outside , so he didn 't want to wear anything too heavy .
tr	8	When Tony rang off he didn 't notice the other gentleman check his watch .
tr	10	There are bodies lying all around the deck and quite clearly some of them are dead .
tr	7	" More than lived up to that reputation , I 'd say .
tr	6	Like , fight with you ?
tr	9	Two soldiers joked with each other as they meandered back to their truck .
tr	10	Neil argued , although he really wanted to go .
tr	8	' I guess I owe you a long-overdue apology . '
tr	6	" Your wife ... " " I know " interrupted Nicola .
tr	6	Their house has a swimming pool , landscaped yard , and fairytale brick driveway .
tr	8	" Anything I can do ? "
tr	7	" Gentlemen , please don 't make me regret this . "
tr	9	John puzzled upon this thought for only a couple seconds as there was no proper answer .
tr	9	I 've been a volunteer for ten years , but this one really got to me .
tr	5	" In which case , of course , you are fully qualified . "
tr	8	I snatch it right off the branch as I fall .
tr	9	" What can you tell me about the bomb at the Jakarta Marriott hotel ? "
tr	6	Right model -- a Ford Luton box truck -- right colour , but wrong nationality .
tr	6	The vicious , ugly nature of malicious men , those without friends or relatives , those hungry for violence and depravity .
tr	7	Was hurting me so badly , and the monster within me was dyeing .
tr	5	Terry Bayliss , JD and Mal then joined the group .
tr	11	" If I can talk you into staying , we 'd be proud to share our tea with you .
tr	10	Your customs are different from mine and that of my people .
tr	11	But you have some very difficult tasks facing you that you will have to complete .
tr	7	" I 'm getting to that .
tr	6	Women 's intuition , a change in the atmosphere , a sudden internal awareness , I don 't know .
tr	8	" What is your business upon them , stranger ? "
tr	5	Um , the Airplane , Solomon Burke , The Remains , Judy Collins , Ginsberg -- BG : Allen Ginsberg .
tr	7	" We killed the footman and found you in the west wing .
tr	6	" Thank goodness , " she said with relief .
tr	6	Maybe it 's not a watcher and just a lost bird ... yea , right .
tr	10	Paco was driving as fast as he could but the bouncing was not helping Rafferty .
tr	8	As if reading his thoughts , Riki pointed into the muddy center of the marsh .
tr	6	" About time , Jerk , " I said to Atticus .
tr	6	It 's leaving right now . "
tr	10	We 're going to fix your friend 's paw . "
tr	10	" Then we can take them out without losing another cruiser , " Wes finished .
tr	9	The Daemon took a step forward into the light of a nearby torch and the Prince froze .
tr	6	I said ... I said , " Gabe takes a deep breath .
tr	7	Can you deal out the proper force with these subhuman losers ?
tr	11	I knew the second fragment would be useless without it .
tr	11	" Do you hear what your nephew is wanting ? "
tr	8	Even with the coming of the new day it would seem terminally black in their hearts .
tr	6	And feathers from a torn pillow sporadically layered the entire area as if the icing on a cake .
tr	5	" And with the Ambassador , too , I 'll wager . "
tr	8	There were a few sounds of dismay at this revelation but most simply looked at Frank with grim determination .
tr	11	" But I don 't want to think of something else , " Hershel said .
tr	8	But the glass held , blackening under the terrific heat .
tr	6	" Be there in twenty minutes , " he stated , and with a click he was gone .
tr	9	Blood was still running fresh and Clancy 's entire side was soaked turning his garment dark red .
tr	5	Will this sweetener prolong my satisfaction further ? "
tr	7	Beyond the luxurious bathroom was what Alex called Hurricane Jessie .
tr	11	" Do you think Archelaus will mind ? "
tr	11	Now it looked better than it had originally , it was worth it just to listen to the exhaust .
tr	6	" Yes , General , but there is something else , " continued Ethan .
tr	7	Nothing snaps inside of me .
tr	7	' Time is of the essence ... ' With a sigh , Joseph leaned wearily back in his chair .
tr	9	Agent 2C then landed at the northern side of the fortress and quickly made his way to the closest door .
tr	10	Let me try to explain .
tr	7	' That 's a whole case of Chateau Latour eighteen eighty-six ! '
tr	9	" What did he do to inspire such devotion ? "
tr	8	That will make it easier , but he is quick as flame . "
tr	9	There was the faintest idea of a silver lining on the eastern horizon .
tr	9	Sarah felt a catch in her throat as she watched her boy , so resolute , so sure of himself .
tr	7	" He wants to leave . "
tr	6	A full second later , a new sensor in the lobby reported his arrival .
tr	6	" And yet , Mr. Long , a female cannot be your Second .
tr	11	" But I was thinking of catching up with some old friends myself , tonight . "
tr	7	In his palm were the fragments of a bullet , and some blood .
tr	9	" Second , if I 'm in charge , I want to be in charge .
tr	6	" This time of the day , " he said , " I 'm a simple man . "
tr	6	Thirty-eight Jolie didn 't even crack a smile .
tr	9	His palm found the switch , and he squinted as the lights flickered on .
tr	9	London is one of the most beautiful capitals in the world .
tr	9	Concurrently , my other hand shot out , grabbing the man and shoving him to the ground .
tr	10	I do not feel belittled by this man 's presence the Prince reminded himself .
tr	11	Rafe vouchsafed no answer , but Adele heard Eda take a shuddering breath and cursed herself for her insensitivity .
tr	10	She could feel the sweat running down the corner of her face .
tr	9	Still want to see her ? "
tr	10	Adele began to move towards him , slow and deliberate ; he could see the tears glittering in her eyes .
tr	8	Lynn had to look away .
tr	8	" Guys , Alejo knows what he 's talking about . "
tr	9	Within minutes the air was redolent with broiling steelhead .
tr	8	Have someone pick him up on the way out . "
tr	7	" We must leave this place before the coming morning .
tr	6	Half an hour later , after much kissing and groping , I padded back to my room triumphant .
tr	9	" Yeah , there 's a huge dining room for the guests to have breakfast , lunch and dinner in .
tr	8	I really wanted to start cleaning . "
tr	9	He said , " I 'll get ready , better get her in before we put it over the side . "
tr	8	The entry between the two giant rocks narrowed then widened from four feet to nearly eight feet at the cave mouth .
tr	11	Just prepubescent boys who claim to be men .
tr	5	" But , at its worst , the business is just stupidly wasteful .
tr	5	What 's the joke ? "
tr	7	Finally , the five judges presented their scores : 9.4 , 9.5 , 9.4 , 9.5 , and 9.6 .
tr	7	Harold 's look became a little less businesslike and slightly melancholy .
tr	6	Opening my eyes the next morning , I immediately noted the decrease in movement .
tr	10	The front doors were larger than normal and carved with a scene of fish jumping out of a lake .
tr	6	' He likes you , ' I said with a faint grin .
tr	9	I want to ask when .
tr	7	He looked like a kid just then and grabbed the ball from my hands , staring at it .
tr	7	First , I want them fully prepared and briefed with numerous contingency plans .
tr	11	I understand what you were trying to do .
tr	10	She had to stop doing that .
tr	6	Like it or not , he couldn 't force the issue .
tr	8	The incendiary is loaded with white phosphorus , and when it goes off it sprays the stuff out to fifteen yards .
tr	8	" You really helped me out , though , " Rift admits , sounding especially sincere despite the unintentional insult .
tr	8	" Do you find me ugly ? "
tr	9	He needed a plan , and to make a plan , he had to get all the details .
tr	11	They didn 't have to talk for hours and they didn 't .
tr	5	" Oh my God , that is the coolest thing ever .
tr	9	Grabbing hold of his shabby , leather glove she squeezes it between her hands before looking Link in the eyes .
tr	9	Our room was as we had left it .
tr	8	If they 've moved him , we 're lost .
tr	11	And its divine light will help your children prise your family 's Divine Star away from the robots .
tr	8	She heard the stranger clear their throat , then laugh .
tr	8	Lilly Ann smiled at Taylor and invited him into her dancer 's embrace .
tr	11	Herb said , " I was quartermaster of provisioning on a guided missile frigate . "
tr	6	Taylor basked in his little victory .
tr	7	Kidnapping , drive by killings are common and petty crime is everywhere .
tr	6	Without another thought , she brought the metal down again on his back .
tr	10	Neil added , " If that 's all right with you , sir ? "
tr	11	She even jiggled the doorknob and tried to look through the keyhole but something was stuffed in the other side .
tr	11	He looked up as he heard his men exclaiming quietly behind him .
tr	6	The energy around him jumps once , high off his body .
tr	5	Twisted metal , small objects , men and women streamed out the gaping hole .
tr	9	As he rubbed the smooth surface of the stone with his thumb he pondered what had transpired .
tr	7	" Are these for me ? "
tr	10	Marja is going to be thrilled though . "
tr	8	I had to find her .
tr	7	I suggest we get some rest . '
tr	8	" Can 't speak for anyone else , " said Rick , " but it sounds fine to me .
tr	6	After a turning , I saw Abby crying , bleeding .
tr	10	People started to get lost in old memories .
tr	6	" But , of course , " Ellis said , " I 'm not a machine , am I ? "
tr	9	" All here , " Wilbur pulled back a tarp covering the salvaged engine and the deflated but intact main wheels .
tr	7	The rich aroma of dark roasted , finely ground coffee instantly filled the room .
tr	7	Laurence giggled and handed me another one .
tr	10	" I managed to figure that much out on my own , " Ted replied .
tr	10	I smiled inwardly ; ' free spirit ' was exactly how the woman should be described .
tr	8	She knew she was still bad .
tr	5	In unison , the dragons voiced , " Yes , master . "
tr	11	Let me know when you 've finished .
tr	7	" Yeah , I know the problem , you know what I mean ? "
tr	7	Are you not feeling well ?
tr	9	Some of these individuals would likely travel into the WTR given the opportunity .
tr	9	" See if you can find the Care Bear .
tr	10	One of them was coming back in now , based on the video feed from the security camera two minutes ago .
tr	8	And then Michael suddenly broke the silence again shouting : " An Angel ! "
tr	6	" Sorry , " He replied in a whisper .
tr	10	Nature has needed and encouraged a diverse human population to drive technology forward .
tr	10	" Yes , but it 's forbidden for a Wolf to kill a Vampire . "
tr	9	The coin man looked down and saw it was a soap opera magazine .
tr	6	I swiveled my gaze , and sure enough , there it was .
tr	11	He wouldn 't let something like that get out to the general public . "
tr	5	" Yes , " he said earnestly , quietly .
tr	7	" We should dispose of the bodies .
tr	5	Cheers Curios to the air spilling a little of his drink .
tr	9	The ground was moist and soggy and the grandparents ' scooters were nowhere to be found .
tr	11	I thought we had only to light the candle .
tr	6	He was always nice and polite , but he wasn 't very serious .
tr	11	" Okay , " Rift apprehensively nods , only now wondering what he 's gotten himself into .
tr	11	He ... he took me and he made me need him .
tr	8	I will not have them disturbed further . "
tr	10	" Think I have any whiskers on my cheeks , old man ? "
tr	8	Although South America and Africa were spared widespread nuclear bombardment , they were behind Southeast Asia in development and production .
tr	9	They made no move to resume the chase .
tr	7	~ ~ ~ Chapter 26 Was the night before Christmas ... . .
tr	11	And if you do go in the bush make sure you make lots of noise .
tr	7	She was hiding behind the bravado .
tr	11	In no particular hurry , he began meandering in the direction of Nutmeg Cove and the wreck .
tr	8	She said , exasperated , " so when the agents showed up , we fled north .
tr	10	" That is going to be difficult , " said Nathan .
tr	6	Jealousy sure explained Jimmy 's behavior toward him .
tr	6	" You see the value , do you not ?
tr	9	" My father took over the role of captain and life became easier .
tr	7	The expression on Victor 's face mirrored my own doubts .
tr	6	I said , " I agree . "
tr	11	Another one who wasn 't so keen to meet me .
tr	7	Without thoroughly thinking , I took off for the skies , firing bullets rapidly into the creatures beneath me .
tr	9	He thought it would be difficult .
tr	9	He rolled several more feet before he came to a stop .
tr	5	Gabe 's voice jumps an octave .
tr	9	Are you okay in there ? "
tr	10	Any one of them could have been death camouflaged in silent grace .
tr	5	" Right , okay , so a fae broke the fae rules .
tr	9	They kept together so not to lose one another in the gathering darkness .
tr	9	" You don 't get many ideas but sometimes you manage to surprise everyone ! "
tr	5	" Yes , it is , " Kristie stated and threw up her hands .
tr	8	" Ready to go upstairs ? "
tr	8	She tried once more to cry out .
tr	8	" It 's too late for that , " someone said softly in the doorway .
tr	8	At least that was what we were told . "
tr	10	The kid was obviously not normal , but he had every intention of wringing his scrawny neck .
tr	11	She let him go and had to cough .
tr	7	Freezing spray drenched her and the roar of the rushing water rang through her head .
tr	11	Then , as my eyes continued to track across the room , I saw the king .
tr	11	In his other hand was a mysteriously shaped chunk of rock and metal he 'd found while digging out the floorboards .
tr	11	Waxing floors is for the purpose of protecting them from stain and other damages .
tr	8	" Of course for Lord Rafe it must have been wearisome , he is some years older than I .
tr	8	" Let me put you in bed . "
tr	7	Her first thought was of the older boys they had freed from the caves .
tr	7	I didn 't get that last part , " said Anderson .
tr	9	Thank you al for coming .
tr	8	Only the paintings in the drawing room and bedrooms had been left untouched .
tr	8	Mana pointed to the tray of dishes .
tr	9	" So I think that perhaps many in the city have seen the same .
tr	6	he said finally , his gaze steady on my face .
tr	7	The cost -- eighteen thousand dollars , US -- seemed a trifle excessive for a fruit delivery .
tr	6	Apparently , she wasn 't asleep and she kept her breath in longer than before .
tr	7	" I said , Vella give it up or you 'll never get off this ship alive . "
tr	7	They 're also big in Revolutionary and Civil War re-enactments .
tr	8	" No , " the Prince explained quickly , " this was the only armor they had .
tr	9	We can start with likely areas , but we 've already checked most of those .
tr	11	But I think there 's enough snow now to slide down . "
tr	9	" You know as well as I do , " said Andy .
tr	6	" This is not the time , " Clancy interrupted .
tr	10	That was when my mobile phone entered stage left .
tr	11	I need you to take your Audi , not mine , and head south to Creech Air Force Base .
tr	11	Do you know where you 're going ? '
tr	8	Sending this girl to her death would be the final brick in his windowless tomb .
tr	7	" I can 't do it from that far away .
tr	5	" You see , you do know . "
tr	9	She blushed faintly and moved towards the bed , placing her hand on his brow .
tr	7	There were two suits on the wall .
tr	8	" Coming from me or anyone else , it 's still the damned truth .
tr	10	But what was to be done ?
tr	6	" Good-bye , father , " Maya announces with a victorious laugh .
tr	11	How could she have left home without taking anything with her ?
tr	10	She lifts her finger and looks at the grey dust stuck to her fingertip with disgust .
tr	5	" Yeah , thanks , " he responds satirically .
tr	10	After a few minutes he was able to regain his composure and follow the others .
tr	6	Monster Maya smiles for the first time .
tr	8	A faint source of light peeks downward from somewhere above as the rising water works its way to the stairwell .
tr	11	VIN felt very weak after being helped out of the shuttle once it had been towed into Hangar Six .
tr	10	" Becky Sanders is our long jump ; she won the state meet last year at it .
tr	8	" If you need any tips on the naked part , let me know .
tr	8	" That 's enough of that , I think . "
tr	5	My sudden , unbelieving laugh had a cold , ugly sound .
tr	10	She pulls Maya into her arms to hug her .
tr	5	' Too right it is , ' replied the other , opening it .
tr	10	Chapter XIV Eva moved the pistol back and forth , aiming the barrel at each guard in turn .
tr	9	I shifted gear and headed towards the north exit of the campus .
tr	7	Navi stammers , in awe of the Skull Kid 's blatant disrespect .
tr	10	Sampson would have nothing of it , distrusting the Jackson Purchase 's control of electricity .
tr	8	In her right hand , she carried her backpack , stuffed with Euros , Pounds , and dollars .
tr	7	From a distance , the noises of industry -- diggers , engine gears and exhaust sputters -- carried to him .
tr	7	Instead , I said , " Jeff you 're the tour guide where to next ? "
tr	10	" So -- so this is the defense you were talking about ? "
tr	10	She had seen the cruelty of other species of animals .
tr	6	" Yes , but look , " she slowly lost her patience .
tr	10	He nodded to the smartly dressed gentleman , dining alone , a couple of tables further down the wall .
tr	11	" You like what 's happening to Stephanie , huh ?
tr	8	" Did some research of my own ; it was a lucky guess , really . "
tr	5	" Incompetent idiots , " someone shouted .
tr	8	She was over here with her daughter not so long ago you know .
tr	7	He lifted his head high and looked his captors in the eye .
tr	8	That 's how she did it .
tr	9	It was a beautiful sound to her , a sound filled with love and hope .
tr	7	She needn 't have worried ; immediately they bounded up and ran up the steps .
tr	7	" Right ... " Jimmy said , nodding his head slowly .
tr	7	Rick was already looking at it .
tr	6	' We 're only a coach ride away , ' Amy said .
tr	10	Big Brother is out to get you Maya !
tr	5	" Oh no , what 's the use ! "
tr	9	He couldn 't risk them being overtaken and something happening to either of the kids .
tr	9	Megan hesitated and started to slow down .
tr	7	A few fiery rays of sun poked out from behind a tall red brick building .
tr	9	Her disciples are improving , but even so she worries it is not quickly enough .
tr	8	In the doorway , I looked over the room before poking around .
tr	5	" Please tell me , my lady .
tr	8	screamed Bloor , grabbing himself around the shoulders .
tr	11	I want to see if it 's still there . "
tr	9	The guards heard the door , spotted the two standing there and started running down the hall after them .
tr	7	But you asked about the Werewolf story origin and it began the very same night .
tr	8	He couldn 't see him anywhere in all the confusion .
tr	10	Some were up in the tackle of the sails , the watchman in his crow 's nest .
tr	11	How big do you think ostrich eggs need to be ? "
tr	7	Sarah came up behind him , and wiped her hands on a towel .
tr	9	Maybe these will walk away if we give them half a chance . "
tr	5	' It 's just a stage kiss right ? '
tr	8	You think everything is an evil plot lately . "
tr	10	An hour later , he sat back and took what felt like his first breath in days .
tr	9	What had Edith to regret ?
tr	6	" So , he 's her dealer , " said Jen angrily .
tr	6	" What is going on , Alex ? "
tr	6	The big red hood hid all the face , apart from a long white beard .
tr	10	The castle that we visited and the portraits on the wall , even the garden itself .
tr	8	" He 's not afraid , because he 's already dying . "
tr	10	Promised to finish what they started .
tr	9	She wants to meet with you .
tr	8	She held the fruit high above her head with a smile on her face .
tr	5	But Captain Clarke and I were actually good friends .
tr	9	Another throaty growl from the bear and a response from the little girl came before she looked up at Scott .
tr	7	I hated her so much , but now I know .
tr	8	" I 'm sorry , Jonesy ; I 'm thirty minutes late for our appointment .
tr	6	It stared at me with unblinking , round , golden eyes .
tr	11	It is possible to invert the connection in a way , hard as it is .
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	9	" Which language do you want me to explain it in ?
tr	7	" It must be them , " he thought to himself , and started running .
tr	10	" And if death is the punishment for chicken thieves , what would the punishment be for something more severe ? "
tr	9	" It makes me think of assassinations . "
tr	9	" Damian , I know you can hear me .
tr	6	Her arm made a big sweeping gesture around her .
tr	7	A strong breeze might even be overkill -- a weak one would likely do just as well .
tr	6	I deepened the kiss , and my plan soon reached the critical point .
tr	9	We walked along , and although single hecklers called out to the condemned , the once raging mob continued its silence .
tr	6	Sheriff Mercer , young Lloyd Thornton , the fourth man in the photograph .
tr	5	A pompous jerk and a tad bit too emotional .
tr	11	You don 't want to admit to it , do you , Pastor ?
tr	5	-- And I am not the sporty one , either .
tr	7	Alejo panted , sweat running down his back .
tr	6	' Could I , I 've got a reading week then ? '
tr	9	Chapter XVI I opened the train car 's door and went looking for Logan .
tr	8	I might not have done my job before , but I would do it now .
tr	9	" Doing it all of the sudden will cause a panic .
tr	10	Anyway , there 's plenty of time for us to talk about that . "
tr	9	he said as he yanked the control column back on the Comet .
tr	7	In fact , he had been the exact opposite : solid , supportive , and amazingly good-natured .
tr	6	And on his long , gnarled finger , the iron ring gleamed brightly against the withered flesh .
tr	8	Father has ambition enough for us both ! "
tr	5	" The early bird gets the worm eh . "
tr	8	That officer 's sister followed you ; faster than you thought , I don 't doubt .
tr	5	" I pulled up the weather thirty minutes ago .
tr	10	He hoped no one else saw them as he did .
tr	7	Finally he recorded his own voice saying , Blink and you 'll miss it .
tr	8	For a moment , he felt oppressively claustrophobic , coming back into the large , beautiful house .
tr	5	But the worst part was those big drainage ditches .
tr	7	After some searching , I find a battered pan , crack the eggs and listen to them sizzle .
tr	10	It really is a fire , with flames that burn a different , deeper burn .
tr	7	Reaching in he drew out a short bamboo tube .
tr	7	And for the next couple of minutes , I cried in his arms and just let it all out .
tr	11	The firelight danced across the Searcher 's eyes as they huddled around the warmth of the low fire .
tr	10	What we are playing with just isn 't going to work in the long term . "
tr	11	" Assume we end up in Heaven due to some luck .
tr	9	Or , at least , the trickery is at an end now that you 're here before me . "
tr	11	He would have started aging had he stayed .
tr	7	" Okay , " Mike nodded slowly , " they 're still alive , and they 're in town . "
tr	9	And he was asking her if she needed Band-Aids .
tr	7	" You must forgive me , my lord .
tr	10	They stayed there for a long while , waiting for the changing of the guard .
tr	8	" Look ... somehow I know what happened ... I don 't remember much . "
tr	11	Light : Ability to sense the emotions of others .
tr	8	I had to move fast .
tr	9	" She knows how to peel a banana ? "
tr	10	After about fifteen minutes of walking through the throng , they came into a clearing .
tr	11	Not again , why I always have to find out details from Helen ?
tr	10	" He knew his father to be right , but for a long time he was uncomfortable with it .
tr	10	People could get funny about talking cats .
tr	9	The WTR cannot risk you being caught , or heaven forbid , killed .
tr	11	The temperature dropped dramatically the deeper we went inside the tunnels and the water gradually subsided .
tr	7	Every weapon on the ship would now partake in a live fire exercise .
tr	11	It had been her idea to seek sanctuary there , and she had been close to Abbot Baum as well .
tr	6	The impact pushed the Raptor away from the wreckage , towards the escarpment .
tr	10	I said going over to greet him .
tr	6	The small one was Pepper , the warm one Jayne and the cold one Hawkins .
tr	11	I needed to stop stressing about that .
tr	7	' We did not kill Hubert Strauss , ' I said emphatically .
tr	8	A short , heavy man said , " Then why 'd they activate the thaw process ? "
tr	7	With both hands , Lizzie pulled out the knife and tossed it with disgust behind her .
tr	11	It felt really good to have pulled something over on him .
tr	11	I remember sitting at my desk thinking : ' This is different ' .
tr	9	But he was sorry that he could not love her back .
tr	6	This , Sibyl , is not a good sign , " Mrs. Griffith announced in a dire tone .
tr	8	Had the intruders gone through any of the other rooms ?
tr	11	I think I 'm too tired to eat .
tr	7	Fearing for my existence , my parents fled and took me into hiding .
tr	11	But he always found a way to make my confessions seem foolish .
tr	11	Although he had already accepted his past trials as learning experiences , he would not mourn their passing .
tr	6	There were more pressing issues at hand .
tr	6	The whistle grew louder , and the train rounded the curve .
tr	8	" -- never happened before , but something was there , and it was waiting for us . "
tr	8	" Did you love me ?
tr	7	" Finan , please ; she has brought you this far .
tr	9	But one glance in the mirror showed there was no easy escape that way .
tr	6	You did me a favour . "
tr	8	A tall , wooden fence surrounds the entire ranch as numerous livestock freely roam the property .
tr	8	Going upstairs to her room she dressed for the outdoors ; cords , Timberland shoes and a cozy Arran sweater .
tr	7	I ignored Reid 's muffled snort from across the room .
tr	6	' Of course , ' she said , ' you 're right . '
tr	10	" I 'm telling you I reached for that rifle .
tr	8	The bear got to the vine and looked up , growling at the hunter .
tr	9	" Why not come back for dinner with me ? "
tr	6	" It 's a mystery , " Simon said .
tr	6	In his light green swimming trucks and Power Rangers T-shirt , he bore a strong resemblance to Gray at that age .
tr	10	Cal twitched his arm a few times until the needle came into reach and he grabbed it in his right hand .
tr	8	He turned down a gravel lane , and I continued towards the city as night fell .
tr	10	Reggie smiled at Brazen who nodded back .
tr	11	He repeated quietly , pulling her closer until their foreheads touched .
tr	9	I sent a very young junior Angel to keep an eye on you .
tr	8	The people know that Martin and I are , were , incredibly close .
tr	7	" You heard about my travel plans , " Fritz picked up the conversation , " haven 't you ? "
tr	5	A minute later the same whisper continued , " Now .
tr	11	" I come to visit with Kol of course .
tr	11	I need to grab a paper from that store , can you call us a cab ? "
tr	7	Blood mixed with the liquor but people still drank it .
tr	11	He 'd always wanted what was best for me .
tr	7	That 's number forty-eight in my book .
tr	10	There was a long silence in which the girl just looked at him .
tr	6	With one simple , very noticeable difference : the boy had shining , scarlet pupils .
tr	6	The cross at her throat slid to her collarbone , the metal hot against her skin .
tr	6	A coffee pot , microwave , and toaster limited the workspace on the counter .
tr	9	The three guards at the end of the hall presented their muskets warily , but our leader waved a hand .
tr	5	From Darkness - Light Red Flag Mineral Co. .
tr	7	The sweat beaded and rolled down between her breasts .
tr	11	In a flash , my easel was set up , canvas ready to go , and paints in hand .
tr	7	You won 't be disappointed , " whispered Victoria , grasping William 's arm .
tr	10	But I 'm going to keep the rifle handy . "
tr	8	The people were singing and waving mimosa branches in a salute to the victors .
tr	6	I slowly moved my pelvis up and down , all around her sweet spot .
tr	11	" I 'll be fine , " Rift quickly mutters , eager to get away from the creepy blonde .
tr	10	It seems they do whatever he says .
tr	11	He had been at Lizzie 's house when he started having chest pains .
tr	5	" The chains won 't reach ? "
tr	9	I yanked the katana out of his heart and watched him drop to his knees .
tr	7	Just ahead of the cattle , a man trotted along .
tr	7	" I 'm not going in no cave . "
tr	5	" From a psychological standpoint , the unknown threat always seems worse .
tr	6	" Yin , Yang and Merri Li were of the same blood . "
tr	8	The boat had been well-taken care of , almost every system on board had been replaced or upgraded .
tr	8	" Yes , sir , " Ethan cleared his head of scattered thoughts and focused on the information .
tr	9	She read the message one more time , checking for typos , and then sent it into the ether .
tr	8	If we saw more than one person , we would avoid them . "
tr	5	" It 's still the swelling .
tr	6	The rider is swift and skilled , a woman with her face shielded by a cloak .
tr	8	" Fine , " he said , releasing Billy 's collar .
tr	7	Okay , peeking at Dad 's files didn 't count .
tr	10	Those families will then pick among those lower until the ladder is complete . "
tr	10	From our perspective , it appeared to be shaped like a cross .
tr	6	" Well , sir , I read about Julius Caesar back at Harvard .
tr	8	A large parcel arrived at Police Headquarters this morning and it contained all of their possessions .
tr	8	" Was the bear coming at you ? "
tr	7	Wasting no time she said , ' Danny I did meet someone a while back . '
tr	6	" What the devil -- " Her voice trailed away in stunned silence .
tr	8	Now , relaxed after his drive , he grabbed a cup of coffee and sat down to contemplate .
tr	10	His eyes were locked on the Prince 's , wordlessly asking for forgiveness and understanding , but not expecting it .
tr	8	" We had it under control before you came and gave me a concussion . "
tr	11	I look at the school in the distance along with Colt .
tr	9	Woodpeckers were working in the large trees on the far shore .
tr	7	He closed the door behind us and we headed down the porch steps .
tr	10	The curls were already escaping from the braid around her face , and her legs seemed to be rapidly growing longer .
tr	8	He couldn 't say why ... in fact , he didn 't know .
tr	9	Chalky White picked up his bicycle and led Archie and Andy off towards the stations living quarters .
tr	10	Where 's the floor , your cupboards must be empty ? '
tr	5	At eye level , on another nearby tree trunk , they see a second bare patch .
tr	5	" No , I 'm not , " aired her little sister .
tr	8	I had to find her .
tr	10	Ryan walked up to where VIN was standing , and the pilots followed him .
tr	7	In a moment , the gun on the foredeck came to life spitting out projectiles the spent casings hitting the deck .
tr	9	He opened his mouth to speak , but words were not forthcoming .
tr	9	" I will not stifle his creativity or his exploration of his world . "
tr	6	Austin warned me , but it was too late .
tr	5	" Big day in the Canyons tomorrow , losers .
tr	5	" Just a business , my left , uh , foot . "
tr	6	And less than twenty blocks away , three lives had just been extinguished .
tr	5	" I love my own life too much . "
tr	11	Something to do with why we were chosen !
tr	6	, oh yes a big jump , but what 's a jump ? )
tr	8	We can go no further as we are . "
tr	11	Where to begin looking for her ?
tr	7	" I 've buried the old man , " he said .
tr	9	Falconer said , " Whoever else is still alive uses arrowheads like this .
tr	11	You did say this is psychological .
tr	10	VIN was last when he entered the apron about a hundred yards behind a very tired looking Mr. Jones .
tr	7	There were two of them ?
tr	7	How could he have been so blind ?
tr	7	Scott admired the house as they approached .
tr	5	" Oh , you will , " Harald said .
tr	9	For his troubles , a Courtier kicked him in the chest , driving him back onto the bloody stones once more .
tr	6	For the next several hours , there was no further resistance , only further cleaning .
tr	5	A brush , comb , hair smoother , facial cleanser , and a shampoo cap .
tr	5	" Hey professor , in a poetic mood today I see ? "
tr	8	I knew what I should do .
tr	7	" ... so as the flower itself , " Sofia finished with a smile .
tr	6	With a wink and a gentle smile , he spurred his horse casually back through the opening .
tr	6	He held the box 's handle with his right hand , like a lantern .
tr	10	She was doing great until that one creaky step on the ships deck gave her away .
tr	8	He included the whole group with a sweep of his arm .
tr	7	" Damn , " Josh said and pulled a notebook out of his pocket .
tr	5	And this brings me back .
tr	8	" What 's the difference between a Ranger pair and a Rogue pair ? "
tr	11	Do you know who I am ? "
tr	10	He would have to think about this .
tr	7	Meet after work and sip tea while talking .
tr	6	" An old friend of yours . "
tr	10	Taylor asked Lilly Ann jokingly pointing in the direction of the young man .
tr	11	Never stopped hoping I 'd come back .
tr	10	I 'm sure we can find something .
tr	11	The material strained until she thought it might split .
tr	11	I wish Jacob was here to see it . "
tr	10	After an eternity it seemed as though Finan was a little cooler , surely he seemed more restful and moved less ?
tr	6	" Well , that 's pretty damned solemn , " said Berenice with a soft laugh .
tr	11	He also knew that Billy was better connected than he thought .
tr	6	" I speak that language , but this is something different .
tr	7	The rest of the Contra 's crew had already left .
tr	7	Just then , Isaac was caught in an avalanche .
tr	6	With methodical motions , she took out the ice cream , chocolate syrup , whipped cream , and cherries .
tr	9	The Prince felt his knees go weak , and only the men gripping him held him up .
tr	9	You have to trust me , Mason .
tr	6	" No , no , of course not , " Doris assured her , but Jeremy wasn 't convinced .
tr	9	I 'm old enough to be their father .
tr	7	These guys know the right people and could definitely buy their way in .
tr	6	" Yeah yeah , I just worked very late last night and I woke up late today . "
tr	5	" It is not , My Lord , " the old man said flatly .
tr	6	" With all due respect , General , " I said , " I 've seen your daughter .
tr	6	Some part of him cracks hard against the pavement .
tr	8	The Bell went a bit deeper into the atmosphere than us but she should bounce out any minute . "
tr	11	" I told him the Bentley had a spot of mechanical problems Sir . "
tr	10	Claire stood with her hands on her hips , her head tilted to one side .
tr	9	Turning , he nodded toward Billy as well , asking how he was .
tr	9	You need to stop interfering .
tr	5	In his James Bond way , he strolled down the stairs .
tr	10	He is great for showing up with the police .
tr	6	Her boyfriend is dead , along with Salazar .
tr	6	' I , alas , am not strong , ' said Dangerous Beans , carefully .
tr	9	Tell them Andrew sent you , they 'll treat you well . "
tr	8	We leave behind the highway and then the street lamps and then the other cars .
tr	8	I get you a job , and then you start working , and we arrange for the flying test . "
tr	8	" You 're brave , " he said to her , startling her into a slight smile .
tr	9	Meanwhile , Greg uses his HUD to direct the other gunships into an attack formation .
tr	5	His eyes widened and traveled up and down my body .
tr	6	You 'll love it . "
tr	11	I 've mentioned before that I didn 't avoid death , but it came to avoid me .
tr	6	" Yeah , yeah , " says Liam , looking back into the forest .
tr	6	The faint lights ( rust red , tan , yellow and white ) flicked on and off in pre-determined patterns .
tr	7	" We 're playing house , " Billy announced .
tr	9	They started to boo him down , but Phillip raised his hands as well , and the mob silenced instantly .
tr	7	Harold nodded at Nathan and then stood up and left .
tr	9	" Can 't you come down for dinner too ? "
tr	10	The one inviolable requirement was that they have no concept of other identity .
tr	6	To her amazement and horror , all the dwarves volunteered , even the women and small children .
tr	9	Eventually , Brazen could take it no longer and told her to never come back .
tr	7	* * * Amy jumped on the first bus south along Chingford Mount Road .
tr	6	" Where is the King and Queen 's royal wedding present ?
tr	7	Is that a deal ? "
tr	8	This led to the most startling conclusion of all .
tr	8	Her feet flailed and drummed on the Cherokee 's floor and one shoe fell off .
tr	8	he cried furiously , kicking the skull clattering across the ledge .
tr	5	" Yeah , really funny , " he snapped .
tr	8	Eyebrows she hadn 't realized were missing suddenly reappeared - thick and black .
tr	9	I 'll be considered too old for many roles in a year or two .
tr	6	" Just a few more seconds , " she finally whispered back .
tr	9	Later , as they watched the fire , conversing softly , Falconer rose to make an announcement .
tr	8	Mary and Joseph were bent over Jesus 's cradle .
tr	7	Amy dabbed at her eyes with a tissue and forced a wan smile onto her face .
tr	8	The giant trunks of trees less than a hundred yards away looked dim and ghostly .
tr	8	" Neat , " Lilly Ann said with a big smile , " did you ask her ? "
tr	10	The people in the queue were outraged and the shopkeeper quickly decided to sell the bread after all .
tr	5	Her tone and glance prevented any possible misinterpretation .
tr	8	She saw their tears and it struck her heart with so much pain .
tr	6	Before he even moved , a strange foresight played the scene before my eyes .
tr	7	He murmured in his sleep , but I couldn 't understand him .
tr	9	Archie was staring at the screen in total disbelief .
tr	6	The roar of the train blew into the car like a windswept thunderclap .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	5	" No , Merri Li tore their heads off . "
tr	7	We mean you no harm , missus . "
tr	9	And on top of that she had the job of finding and buying a flat .
tr	8	" Was the Queen with opportunity to kill you ? "
tr	11	Claire realised she hadn 't had a bath in months .
tr	11	She glanced at the starter on the counter and knew she couldn 't waste it by experimenting .
tr	7	Coming to Grips UNS Ares Mars Orbit March 12th , 2028 Mike looked at the screen .
tr	6	Adele 's voice was a little dazed .
tr	6	" Oh , well , kind of , but I mean ... maybe not really , " she answered .
tr	6	It sickens me ... " With that , Mayor Harris angrily walks away .
tr	6	" You never answer your cell phone ; " she complained , with an affected pout .
tr	7	And someone else might discover the time portal and he definitely doesn 't want that . '
tr	5	" Yeah , until that old fart found it .
tr	7	" I 'm Iris , " the lady on the far left said with a warm smile .
tr	8	" How may someone choose a life for another ?
tr	9	I was beginning to like the whole family .
tr	9	My new friend isn 't afraid to try different activity .
tr	11	He hoped she would be proud of him .
tr	7	The Republican candidate won in a close race , and the recount still gave the Republican a victory .
tr	10	They turned toward him for only a moment before deeming him no threat and returning to their game .
tr	8	Stepping out from behind the courageous creature was Camden his bright little blade already to hand .
tr	9	" Ha , it 'd take more than a jealous Sheila to cramp my style . "
tr	10	" Wow , " Taylor whistled as he saw the marvel , " this is beautiful .
tr	5	With his inhuman speed , the tallest Daimon cut her off halfway there .
tr	8	Connor and Maria watched them from a distance as they exited the subway station .
tr	11	Led her to that little red tent more times than I want to remember , didn 't I ?
tr	11	However , who knows what tomorrow will bring forth ?
tr	5	Mature , stable gentleman , financially secure , well-educated , conservative and reliable .
tr	8	After the crackling blasts , they were rewarded with screams and moans from the bushes .
tr	10	she asked , feeling more comfortable now that she was mounted and armed .
tr	10	Grabbing the handle proves disastrous as the doorframe suddenly produces teeth along its edges .
tr	8	Just as he finished typing , he received a file .
tr	8	You 'll get me and my family into trouble .
tr	8	Suddenly there was rumbling sound , then the floor of the shelter started to shake and an almighty crack .
tr	8	He started to cry ... ... ... I 've never seen my dad cry .
tr	6	With that , the knife beneath his ear pressed forward .
tr	7	" Come on , let 's get closer to the bridge , " she said .
tr	5	" Not so fast , Mr. Hunter , " Axel 's voice sounded serious .
tr	7	The tarp was spattered with blood from the shattered knee .
tr	7	" How in the devil 's name did you manage this Scarborough ? "
tr	7	It was more like a boulder , actually , about four feet high and at least the same wide .
tr	7	She hardly ever saw her father before in any case .
tr	10	" Tell us what we need to do . "
tr	9	You 're back , " Colin shouts , giving Link a slug in the shoulder .
tr	6	Otherwise , the mannequins are all just as impossibly beautiful , just as incredibly detailed and realistic .
tr	6	" Isn 't it , darling ? "
tr	11	" I 'm still not convinced they got the right guy for this , " he said lamely .
tr	9	Sarah stood by the bed , her eyes as big as dessert plates , both her hands covering her mouth .
tr	6	I didn 't know , I promise you .
tr	5	John was hungry all the time , too .
tr	9	Everyone rushed to help including Natalie and Sophia .
tr	6	" You have no idea , " he replied .
tr	8	Chase stretched his hand to her and make a creepy , blue fire image out of it .
tr	9	She went to pull the arrow out , measuring the distance of their turns .
tr	9	Think she 'll remember ? "
tr	9	Did you see any of them wearing bowler hats ? "
tr	10	" I think at this point this is irrelevant .
tr	11	" She will be of an age to marry soon " .
tr	8	They want to watch football and drink beer .
tr	5	" Good morning friend , " he spoke .
tr	9	She made better speed now as she floated towards the hatch .
tr	11	Three others who wanted to be husbands .
tr	8	Normally everyone just put in a few days to a week every month performing public service or work .
tr	7	" Not give , sell , " said William .
tr	9	Even though she knew water healed Mark , she worried about what was happening .
tr	11	I think I 'll stop doing that .
tr	5	" My family is not dangerous . "
tr	9	Threatening from head to toe , their every conceivable weakness is covered with multiple layers of heavy plate mail .
tr	11	However , before she was able to flip around she started sliding , upside down .
tr	10	He had spent the ensuing year building a crossbow of his own ingenious design .
tr	9	She stilled before pushing away from him .
tr	8	" He has locked the medical lab and he is ... torturing the staff .
tr	7	Except for the creak downstairs , which wasn 't part of any memory .
tr	8	The two men left the room , shutting the door behind them .
tr	5	The elf takes a shaky breath .
tr	6	" The other guests , " Ambiguous Clarity said of the gathered aliens .
tr	8	The ground beneath my feet began to shake and some warriors fell off their feet .
tr	11	" Want to make some money for the holiday , is it ? "
tr	8	We could see at least two wings in the building .
tr	7	' You 're doing great , ' Austin said through the control room mic to Amy 's headphones .
tr	9	I thrill at the sparks of pain when my nails press into the gashes .
tr	8	" In any case , both of your descriptions will no doubt be circulated , as will mine . "
tr	7	" Sounds good to me . "
tr	9	I motioned to welcome him but I was stopped by Shade 's outstretched arm .
tr	11	The human did know how to fight .
tr	9	A scream rose into my throat as I bit down on my hand .
tr	6	The boat sat in silence , undiscovered , for days .
tr	8	And we 'll live better together than apart .
tr	6	I 'll be right back . "
tr	7	Below , the inscription is a testament to the cherished departed .
tr	9	Trying to encourage you . "
tr	9	By the time Bruno returned almost two hours later , Anatole was sleeping soundly in front of the fire .
tr	7	" If you have a flash , I can download any documents . "
tr	11	I just know that you are incredibly dear to me , Angelique . "
tr	9	" You know ... that mesmerizing trick that you pulled before . "
tr	9	Tucker finished explaining what happened .
tr	10	We passed one doorway after another , several staircases , and lifts that were in constant use .
tr	8	He was somewhere between the middle world and the underworld , and there was great turmoil there .
tr	6	" The fire lasted much longer that time , Sabine , " a cool , calm voice told her .
tr	5	" Yeah , what she say ? "
tr	5	Halfway across the traverse , Isaac stopped .
tr	6	Enemy vessel is no longer a threat , " Warrior announces clinically .
tr	9	Very well , if that is what he says .
tr	7	With a last , pathetic look at the broken creature , the boy followed the kindly woman into the inn .
tr	7	Abu soothed him , " We will , my brother , we will . "
tr	8	Can 't hear you , " she shouts , cupping a hand to her ear .
tr	11	I realize you were trying to help .
tr	8	Frozen on the pavement while I fly away .
tr	8	The woman seemed more shocked at the explosion than grateful to Kai .
tr	10	And if they found him before , why the heck didn 't anyone tell us anything ? "
tr	8	Whatever 's in there , they want it badly . '
tr	11	" I mean , I didn 't really order it but I was OK with it .
tr	10	Her eyes twinkled , and Noah realized she wasn 't wearing her glasses today .
tr	7	As she left , Crabtree and the Stevens re-entered the tavern and returned to the table .
tr	10	Anyone looking at Candice could not have imagined that she was seriously ill .
tr	11	I am here because my parents want something better for me and the missionaries convinced them to do what they did .
tr	6	As well as their son , of course . "
tr	5	" No , please , I need your help . "
tr	8	The occasional lamp illuminated the gaping darkness , often showing quant little houses resting in the night .
tr	6	That we couldn 't work out .
tr	9	" I am sorry for your loss " replied ' Beta ' whilst stepping out from behind a pillar .
tr	6	" I 'm so sorry , was a traffic jam on my way here .
tr	11	" Does her Downward Dog happen to be at the center of your soul ? "
tr	7	Lucas collected the lantern , still resting on the table from the night before , and returned it to the backpack .
tr	10	Charger is the calmest , placid for want of a better word .
tr	7	" I 'm sorry , this elevator is not available , " Franks said .
tr	9	" Did he just pick that from my mind ?
tr	6	The hot ground was all gone , all cooled down regular . '
tr	9	Often she lay on the hammock in the garden during the summer nights watching for meteors .
tr	10	" She 's been ready and scratching at the dock doors for forty-eight hours .
tr	10	Aria flashes the stranger a sad smile then releases her will upon him .
tr	8	Nathan wondered if he and his family looked the same .
tr	10	He looked around in desperation , spotting a fabric runner under a floral arrangement on a corner table .
tr	9	The Prince looked at the big man in alarm , and saw that he was actually surprised .
tr	8	Anna , you have to watch Christy too .
tr	8	Someone else , someone else ... " , murmured Fat Lady Bird Hen , turning back towards the kitchen entrance .
tr	6	" All true , all true , " Pella said of his fake parentage .
tr	9	Just get back here without drawing any attention to yourselves .
tr	10	I don 't trust anyone that keeps changing laws .
tr	11	Ward 's hand had been forced , and he would act like the gentleman he was .
tr	9	Softly she got to her feet and walked over to him standing near the window .
tr	9	The car turned in a sickening lurch until we were facing the right way again .
tr	5	" No , there are not , " Odysseus broke in .
tr	9	I was remembering how orderly , almost choreographed , my trip had been .
tr	8	She found me talking to that slave girl .
tr	7	" Get you damn hands off me , I 'm not one of your convicts !
tr	7	With a couple helpful hands from his mystic companion , Rift makes his way back into the main foyer .
tr	8	It was best to take no chances .
tr	7	With the sting of the insects subsiding , John suddenly realized how hungry he was .
tr	7	" Yes , I read up on your court martial , Bishop .
tr	9	" You 'd think it would but for some reason I feel fine with it . "
tr	5	Not the best picture quality , but it 'll do .
tr	7	" What must we do with her ? "
tr	9	Once again Simon attempted to stand up and throw the device .
tr	5	" An overall temperature rise indicates electrical resistance somewhere .
tr	8	As she read Go 's thoughts the story of the race unfolded .
tr	9	Drinks in huge carafes were served after moments of waiting .
tr	9	Noah 's mom broke off , bit her lip , then tried to compose herself .
tr	6	' Now , ' he said , ' I kiss you . '
tr	9	Warrior , my mentor , is always telling me to shut up .
tr	11	The military was only there to help the local population relocate to a safer area . "
tr	7	When he looked back he caught the look of his sister .
tr	7	Five minutes after this the Police station will receive its hourly check call from HQ .
tr	6	She wore her best evening attire , a long black velvet skirt and matching blazer with a cream-colored silk blouse .
tr	9	" It sounds like New Year 's Eve gone bad . "
tr	9	exclaimed Every , " I told you so , he 's alive ! "
tr	8	The bathroom was on the far side of the room .
tr	8	He flared his nostrils to soak up the aroma .
tr	7	He took out his new Jackson Arms revolver , gave it an affectionate pat , and returned it to his waistband .
tr	5	' Oh no , not quite nothing , ' she said sadly .
tr	9	Shadows seemed to move in the gentle breeze .
tr	10	I don 't believe it to be in any way foolhardy . "
tr	5	" Now we see the real deal , huh ?
tr	9	Terry nodded and started to move away .
tr	9	It would be a shame not to help him .
tr	5	And on his head is a crown ! "
tr	6	" Seriously , man , I lost my virginity in the tail bed . "
tr	8	Dad smiled , reached out and pulled me to his chest ; he smelled of tobacco ... .
tr	8	" Not sure this new version is any better , but it 'll do for now . "
tr	6	I fell incredibly , madly , hotly , passionately in love with her .
tr	11	The boats drew up to a long flight of marble stairs that descended right down into the water .
tr	6	At nine o , clock , he woke up in the big leather chair behind the desk .
tr	9	Governments of the world have feared the implications of the construct and have kept its existence a secret .
tr	10	I pressed into his warmth , but my thoughts stayed on the fact that I 'd gotten shot at twice .
tr	9	Carlos , Kendall , Jimmy and Logan all started in their tents - kicking off blankets and being generally disoriented .
tr	10	Cade felt his skin tingle with fear that it would now pour down on them .
tr	8	Those bright little eyes glared at him for an unnerving moment longer , and then the door was opened wider .
tr	9	While Phillip had never heard of Simon Duval , the plan struck him as admirable .
tr	8	She looked at me as if I were her last hope .
tr	8	Curios of her curiosity , Sofia went to the crowd , leaving the group behind without a notice .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes entered the village through the gate of the palisade .
tr	9	Rafe turned from her , angered by his own ineptitude .
tr	10	He handed a glass to his partner , and offered , " Why not stay here for the moment ?
tr	6	The salty bite of pretzels , the bright smell of lemon , the brittle edge of anise .
tr	9	I don 't want to get shot ! "
tr	10	Daniel let himself continue to speak .
tr	7	A bullet whined through the air , struck the metal hinge and raised sparks inches from his face .
tr	9	You tell them about your own project because you need their help , and they take over the whole thing .
tr	10	I followed the eerie music down the hall to the source and realized I was in the music room .
tr	9	Nothing could be done for the infected and no help was coming for the healthy survivors .
tr	9	Chapter 7 : The Changing Seasons Hailey struggled awake from the months of hibernation .
tr	9	" So your cloaking abilities won 't come into play , Dearest " she replied .
tr	9	He stopped in front of Gan , then looked back over his shoulder and growled .
tr	8	They come from overseas with a taste for rich meals .
tr	6	He looked at Taylor with a quizzical look .
tr	8	Not when you can make a difference , surely ? "
tr	5	" No , it 's not , " Honour replies instantly , angrily .
tr	11	" There 's one problem , though ; I have no idea how to steal a car . "
tr	9	He turned to Dr. Stadler and instructed him to repair the transverse colon .
tr	11	The room swayed back and forth like a boat in a violent storm as unconsciousness threatened to overtake him .
tr	5	" God , I miss Jacob . "
tr	8	After a quick hello , they both headed to see his mum .
tr	10	" I do not care what you want , Rand , " panted Rafe .
tr	6	Normally biometric means a fingerprint or retina scan , but in this case I 'm not sure .
tr	10	You 're afraid to lose out to me . "
tr	7	And at each window , carefully painted so as not to glint in sunlight , were camera apparatus with long lenses .
tr	6	" Bet I can , " Lena replied , laughing .
tr	6	Yeah , it was a big city , but in some ways , it wasn 't big enough .
tr	7	He was in agonizing pain - the fire had finally reached his flesh .
tr	8	Have you been studying the Santa Handbook Documentation ? "
tr	11	He drew his foot back , and kicked her hard in the side of the head .
tr	7	" Morning , " she greets with a chipper , but rushed tone .
tr	6	I did not recognize you .
tr	9	The man had come at him out of the dust suddenly , catching him by surprise .
tr	9	" I think I 'm sad now , " said Ken Goodspeed .
tr	8	" What more do you wish me to say ? "
tr	10	Taking a moment to clear his throat , the priest welcomes his visitor .
tr	9	" The Israeli men had come to Bolivia for negotiations with the government to reopen diplomatic relations .
tr	6	" I will welcome your company again , Clancy .
tr	8	Matthew hurried to catch up .
tr	11	Betty pulled a face and said , ' It was nice meeting you .
tr	6	He sent her a message : THE LEAST YOU COULD DO IS PICK ME UP FROM THE BLOODY STATION !
tr	9	Claire stared up at the tall white flagpole and wondered what was so special .
tr	9	He stepped in front of her , and his hands on her shoulders brought her to an unwilling halt .
tr	7	There was no instant repair of the injuries .
tr	10	I drew closer and whispered , " What 's going on ? "
tr	9	She got used to gradually increasing soreness .
tr	7	" It was pretty reckless , but it doesn 't really add up . "
tr	9	TDF would advance their technology three hundred years in just ten , " Jason says .
tr	8	" Speaking of Thames House , have you heard from the Commander recently ? "
tr	10	Jes between you an ' me , I thought I was a goner fer sure . "
tr	7	I pushed through the crowds a bit further .
tr	7	Finally , she stopped at some motel and put us all to bed .
tr	9	Anyway , I was sorry for doing that , because he wouldn 't go away .
tr	10	His friends had found his deepening depression off-putting , so they had left him .
tr	6	Then I tied the dark green ribbon in my hair on the highest braid .
tr	9	When a second one came he leaped out of bed and rushed to the hallway to see his sister standing there .
tr	11	She must be given a real place to sleep at once . "
tr	11	It was no mystery why she was the head of the Seekers .
tr	6	' I usually just call her Warrior Woman Henrietta , actually , ' Brick pointed out easily .
tr	5	No beds , no regular food , no clothing , no gadgets or tools , nothing even remotely mechanical .
tr	9	" Evidently I have a bad habit of doing that .
tr	9	" Glad to meet you Connor . "
tr	7	" They sure get into the whole open range cattle thing here , " she noted , keeping her voice light .
tr	11	She deserves to see what he can be .
tr	7	The man took one glance at them before he spoke .
tr	9	Oberlin nodded and ran back to the barricade , shouting as he went .
tr	8	There was no answer and thinking of such things only made him agitated and uncomfortable .
tr	7	Well , they 're most likely years , at least .
tr	5	Well , in my case , the past is never very straightforward . "
tr	6	" Aren 't you even sorry ? "
tr	11	Now to see if he takes the bait .
tr	8	" I would agree with that assessment , sir . "
tr	9	I 've the minister of war with me .
tr	6	The dog wagged its tail , cocked its head , and licked his hand .
tr	7	" I don 't see a dwelling , " she observed .
tr	7	Directly ahead , surrounded by spurting fountains , an enormous stone sculpture depicted some bizarre form of abstract art .
tr	8	" ' One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ? " '
tr	9	Truth , to feel his touch on my skin !
tr	10	Spinning on her heels , Mai finds all three of her sisters standing before her .
tr	10	The two wandered through the crowded sidewalks toward the green , already packed with people jockeying for the best view .
tr	7	All the while , we made our way towards the Klein 's home .
tr	10	Those eyes that made him feel inhuman .
tr	6	" And you have neighbors , " she said .
tr	6	" Queen , forgive us , " one said .
tr	10	The hardware doesn 't have to be replicated , right ?
tr	7	She caught her breath , then slid from the bed and made her way to the bathroom .
tr	6	" Yes ... in a way . "
tr	7	At long last we turned a final right and came out into sunshine once more .
tr	7	With your troubles , do you have any luggage ? "
tr	6	I grew up here and this is my home . "
tr	5	" What 's your first event ? "
tr	5	For an instant , emotion twisted her face .
tr	6	There , he murmured in my language , " Yes , my Circe , you do . "
tr	11	" See , there is a slight variation in the curvature of the side panels . "
tr	9	PART 10 : AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT The Cursed Hand sat sullenly in his Outrage Room .
tr	5	Only quiet breathing and quieter thoughts made any real noise at all .
tr	5	" Hello , is this Brad Cullen ? "
tr	8	was all Noah could think to say .
tr	9	Turning , he looked at his mother and saw she was smiling .
tr	9	The parang whistled through the air , a silver blur in the darkened room .
tr	7	The diversion provided by his elven commandos had , apparently , been wasted .
tr	6	After a short struggle , his mind won out and he pushed her away gently .
tr	10	And so he felt no guilt about letting them face this threat alone .
tr	6	The lotion burns and reeks of alcohol .
tr	7	" Exit this way , you lot , " he said to Blue Eyes and the prisoners .
tr	9	Nor would we force a woman to fight . "
tr	7	I do this for my own reasons .
tr	7	" Those gentlemen be not the most polite , but perhaps they be not given the best opportunity . "
tr	8	echo across the sand to his hiding place above .
tr	8	He wasn 't a southerner either , but had grown up in Santa Fe , New Mexico as a kid .
tr	9	" But remember , Decatur Heath is a great place to work too , for the right people that is .
tr	10	My gut told me to keep it a secret , so I played along with the Peyton theory .
tr	8	" The city of the Angels , you can come and visit once you have completed your mission . "
tr	11	Neil hissed in Riki 's ear as they moved away from the mountains down the slope towards the lagoon .
tr	10	It could have helped to kill my boredom .
tr	8	She didn 't got a kick ass from Damian , but definitely from me she will have it .
tr	11	People nearest the doors when the ship started spinning were thrown out of the ship .
tr	7	Victor 's bodyguard and the driver of the Skoda shifted slowly as consciousness returned .
tr	7	' Why wasn 't I aware of this ' he stormed .
tr	7	His face was pinched and his eyes glassy .
tr	6	A shower , a shower , my kingdom for a shower .
tr	5	In the local , of course , was Greek music .
tr	6	" My homeland , and yours , Northern Briton ... " " We are finally home . "
tr	7	As he neared the dozer the bear took a few steps forward then stopped .
tr	9	" There are two teenage boys escaping out the front of the building .
tr	11	It meant he would not be lied to again .
tr	8	" Stopped by the Cove for a cuppa , " Lucas answered .
tr	7	Near the top , it reached the first fuse in a series and Chris crossed his fingers .
tr	9	I don 't want to hear it .
tr	7	" ' Detective Inspector , " ' Duke continued , " ' you have harassed my family for many years .
tr	9	The subway was too crowded to switch cars .
tr	5	" All right , all right , sometimes it 's " tongue " . "
tr	8	He stares are me , waiting for an affirmation .
tr	8	" Her wicked uncle has put her there , " Miriam continued .
tr	9	" But since his new car looks as sweet as a fighter jet , I 'll forgive you this time .
tr	10	Rylan ordered , digging his heels into his mount 's ribs as he gave the horse its head .
tr	10	Alita had to hold her mouth from laughing .
tr	9	That had to be it ; there must be a hole in the roof .
tr	8	All in all his face was , she thought , very expressive .
tr	9	Connor tried to peer through the tinted window .
tr	8	Besides , you can take us up to Daddy 's office .
tr	10	Whether he is asking for her help or beckoning her soul to the afterlife is unclear .
tr	11	She couldn 't remember the last time the child had been clean .
tr	11	" I kept feeling we shouldn 't trust him .
tr	6	The rest of the parts , like the innards and tongue , go to the voodoo priests and priestesses . "
tr	8	Lilly Ann pointed proudly at the feast and exclaimed , " Dig in ! "
tr	8	Darin stared boldly at Elaina and didn 't notice his companion 's glare .
tr	9	" They had to sew you up pretty quickly , " Alejo said , then cleared his throat .
tr	6	His grip released , he closed his eyes and drifted away .
tr	10	' It 's so Little Spirit can set up , ' John said .
tr	11	" Simon , that is a bad idea as unfortunately not many youths wear helmets .
tr	6	Only my mother , Great Uncle Ito and I should know this right now .
tr	11	That 's when something did catch is eye .
tr	7	The backdrop transmitting from Mars was a workbench beneath a whiteboard .
tr	9	He 'd spent a stupid amount of money having it restored .
tr	9	Reggie stared intently at him without speaking for several long moments .
tr	7	Something big , something not human , something with just two toes was out there in the darkening forest .
tr	11	He had lived in the apartment for a little over two months .
tr	9	It was Claire 's turn to grind her teeth .
tr	7	She stood still a moment longer , then shook her head and went back to the window .
tr	10	They needed to get across that river , the weather could turn against them any day now .
tr	9	He passed his own gauntlets and saber to one of the pupils and sauntered into the massive room .
tr	8	He was still moaning , and they watched him die .
tr	9	I do know my manners , thank you very much .
tr	7	" No ticket reservations or books on Europe or hotel reservations .
tr	9	Roberto turned to look at her with tender love , softening the tensed features immediately .
tr	9	Abu 's ears twitched , but he kept his eyes glued to the street .
tr	8	The economy is not just about numbers but flesh and blood , hopes , and dreams .
tr	11	My eyebrows lifted as I remembered to look surprised .
tr	11	He had told her , " You must do this for the sake of our line ! "
tr	8	Taking a left at the intersection , Link moves through an old , hollowed tree trunk and into a small clearing .
tr	8	The metal bulkheads of her ship display obvious weld joints , like a metal patchwork quilt quickly thrown together .
tr	6	He had massive bruising on and in his chest . "
tr	7	I mean , of course it hurts , but does it hurt much ? "
tr	11	She nodded to prove she was listening .
tr	8	Kurt scanned the room for a good place to stash the information .
tr	10	Then he turned slowly back toward the Earth and activated his booster pack 's thrusters to begin his descent .
tr	10	Injections meant to quickly restore atrophied muscles cause sudden contractions .
tr	7	Sadly cannibalism had so often been the rule rather than the exception during the Collapse .
tr	7	Chris told him of the trench and of the students digging for artifacts .
tr	9	What 's wrong with you girl ?
tr	11	Feel free to use it tonight if you want to .
tr	6	He lit up , inhaled deeply and blew out a smoke ring .
tr	9	He spoke to one of Charlie 's men .
tr	8	Within the space of a month , the globe saw its fragile infrastructure torn to shreds .
tr	10	asked Rand , turning to survey the surroundings .
tr	9	But , I am struggling to find a motive .
tr	5	" Yeah , " said Greg , " well , times change . "
tr	11	It seems you have a better pair of silver legs now .
tr	11	There was a long , low bookshelf on one side that Mana had filled with Miriam 's favorite books .
tr	9	In five minutes they were all packed up and ready to go .
tr	7	" How can you , your name is Roman , " Jess whispered to Tori again .
tr	8	I won 't be debated over and vilified .
tr	6	The light material of his dress slacks fell to the floor with a tiny shove .
tr	7	The duo grabbed at the wood handles and each pulled out a weapon .
tr	6	" God willing , Dad and I will be back tonight .
tr	11	" I can 't carry you like you can me , " she apologized .
tr	9	" What exactly is it that you and your brother do ? "
tr	7	She smirked and backed up about ten feet .
tr	6	" It is a good letter , just like all the others you have written . "
tr	8	" By mixing up monsters in his lab ? "
tr	8	He picked her up and threw her up in the air and then caught her .
tr	8	" He 's not as bad as all that , " she said .
tr	8	Alex , hearing both of the calls , immediately turned and commenced firing in the same direction as Gerry and Simon .
tr	7	It was smashed to pieces .
tr	11	I did know that Grieg was her son .
tr	8	Her burdens weighing heavily on her mind , she cannot be confined to her room tonight .
tr	5	Space travel , energy , building desert cities , communications , all that .
tr	9	" And America agrees to pay for her own chains . "
tr	7	What the hell did he see to smile about ?
tr	7	Unspoken words filled the silence between us .
tr	10	She laid a hand on Elaina 's forehead , then opened her mouth to peer at her tongue .
tr	10	They were glad the flash storm had stopped so suddenly .
tr	11	I did not want to be forced into this decision so quickly . "
tr	6	The girl wore a soft white dress -- silk , it looked like .
tr	5	" Well , not this liquor , exactly , but you get the idea . "
tr	6	" I am not lying , " he said calmly .
tr	10	They said that you had been found and that you were all right .
tr	9	" I came as quickly as I could ; I was busy in CIC , " Dresden announces proudly .
tr	11	George periodically just nodded whilst Jen tried to look interested .
tr	6	They were whispering , too .
tr	6	Beyond it , I glimpsed a strange and dreadful thing , swiftly through the ghostly , gray twilight .
tr	6	In 2009 , the official weather forecasting service for Great Britain predicted a mild winter .
tr	8	Its eyes were still wide open and its mouth was locked open in a snarl .
tr	7	" Welcome to the party , mate .
tr	6	Her cell phone came on , and gave an unearthly screeching noise ... and then a soft , ghostly laugh .
tr	8	After a quick examination , she gave two sharp pulls and the arrows came out .
tr	10	I couldn 't will my legs to move .
tr	10	There had been two admirals and two other captains waiting before him for this meeting .
tr	9	Overflow deliveries were allowed , and for non-critical placements , but Claus generally did not use his personal accounts .
tr	11	They walked closer towards Connor speaking in a language foreign to Connor .
tr	6	Officer Raymond Lee confirmed the vehicle description with dispatch .
tr	6	" So , the scars , " Gabe wipes his mouth and shakes his head .
tr	6	Gray Texas limestone , two stories , bay window , two-car garage -- pretty standard fare for the subdivision .
tr	10	Turning his attention to the door , he sees the other skeleton is nearly complete as well .
tr	10	- It will be OK , don 't worry .
tr	7	For the first time she wondered where she was .
tr	11	It 'd be like Troy , except with a fish in place of a horse ! "
tr	7	And not just any blood ... " I pause for dramatic effect and lower my voice .
tr	10	" What do you think those are up in the sky , flying fish ?
tr	10	" You 're the one who connected with her .
tr	11	' I was just going to tell Spike about this . '
tr	6	' We 're online , ' said a Bastian tech .
tr	10	He said , " The wife has taken her daughter away , as you asked .
tr	10	He looked good , brown as a berry in his black tee shirt , jeans and loafers .
tr	10	He 's got a reason to walk fast .
tr	11	The going was slow , but they could ill afford to run into any scouting parties .
tr	8	Driving the handle into the ground exposed the rich , red flesh to the direct heat of the fire .
tr	11	By then it was too late to travel any further because daylight faded .
tr	8	Jake turned to watch her .
tr	9	It was time to try something new .
tr	9	He declared , as he looked back at the other four .
tr	7	" Come on , come on , " repeated the hidden voice .
tr	6	" Silence , Cadet Pry , " his father 's voice spoke through the ear piece .
tr	8	I nodded , all words trapped in my throat .
tr	6	A different nurse , younger , more girlish , pushed open the door .
tr	11	Numerous things were definitely waiting to astonish her in this new world , Sofia thought in silence .
tr	10	I stared at the figures for a while longer , before slipping the frame inside my coat .
tr	5	After me , in a hurry ! "
tr	6	" Next time , one of you boys can take the lead . "
tr	7	Dave turned to the brunette , made a gun with his hand , and pointed under the table .
tr	9	She drank from the cup , like she was avoiding intentional the subject .
tr	6	I turn my head and stare at my brother .
tr	10	Her stories left me breathless and always wanting for more .
tr	6	Bright plastic beach buckets and shovels , in startling loud colours , hung from the ceiling in the corners .
tr	5	" Morning , Seamus , " he said .
tr	6	Mark picked up the small box , very surprised .
tr	8	They sat there for half an hour and just looked at pictures and read the captions out loud .
tr	6	I learnt at your feet .
tr	10	Perhaps you would be willing to assist us ? "
tr	11	For eight days I was a captive in that dresser with no way of escape .
tr	11	" What 's it gon na be , Deputy Director ?
tr	8	" Harold , leaving the morality of this aside for a moment , we have over two hundred fifty inmates here .
tr	6	Her fingers brushed the wood worn smooth by a thousand uses .
tr	10	I say pretending not to be interested .
tr	10	I wished I knew where Kaylin was .
tr	10	Kevin kept on trotting past the cabin and yelled , " Bye !
tr	7	The diamond represents man 's role in leadership .
tr	8	That would knock the sullen expression off Alexa 's face .
tr	10	I was tempted to watch him try .
tr	8	" If what Craig said is correct , the American south is fine . "
tr	6	Five parts , five peoples , all governed by one .
tr	11	into the kitchen where the stove was still on and the pots were boiling over .
tr	9	We hoped we could trust them .
tr	11	" Because they then have to pay for everything later , " the two sisters thought simultaneously .
tr	11	Ted Marshall was a middle-aged salesman from Oklahoma , on his way back from a convention in Las Vegas .
tr	10	Pete smiled while he stared at Eden 's reflection off the bedroom window .
tr	7	It was always cloudy overhead , and the thick branches of the trees blocked even moonlight for the most part .
tr	10	The largest attacker had lost a right eye from a slash of Noah 's clawed toes .
tr	9	Help us to make it real .
tr	8	We must keep moving forward . "
tr	7	The High Priest will sacrifice the future boy and the children soon .
tr	7	There are many clever responses available , but it 's me , and I 'm not , so I don 't .
tr	11	It was the first words they had heard from the youngster .
tr	11	He said he 'd seen posters in The Dog and Parrot .
tr	7	After her initial shock at my appearance , I showed her my computer and typed .
tr	8	" My parents , Karen and Henry , they never hid the fact that I was adopted .
tr	9	A second window is plastered with an unreadable block of code .
tr	10	' I didn 't say don 't work hard .
tr	7	" What about the woman that drives up there every day ? "
tr	7	" Good , as long as I don 't focus on them . "
tr	11	Finally she was able to get to her bare feet and look around in panic .
tr	6	He 's a good man but , let 's face it , he 's no father figure . "
tr	6	Much of the lower hull was still intact .
tr	8	Jack was standing right behind her , coat in hand .
tr	8	Beneath it was a symbol surrounded by a circle .
tr	8	The government later reported he had died .
tr	8	" Then you need to come in , sir .
tr	11	However , considering the information which he had already gleaned , he felt he could now be a little more reckless .
tr	7	The team moved to St. Louis in 1995 , so his dad moved the family out there as well .
tr	5	Through the open window , a three-quarter moon was visible .
tr	5	" Deprived , " I muttered and pulled out a portable DVD player .
tr	5	Inside the chalice , lightning and black mist performed a slow , swirling dance .
tr	10	When he finally brought his full attention back on deck , he noticed they were all staring at him .
tr	9	Panic began to shoot through her .
tr	9	I wished Zeal had been here .
tr	7	I 'll scrub their floors for a year . "
tr	9	He has heard dozens of riddles before , but never has he gained an appreciation or understanding of them .
tr	9	It sent thrills through me .
tr	5	Either way , it is a major scientific discovery .
tr	11	She invited me in and directed me to the fabric that caused her pain .
tr	7	That night she made a dry camp , ate her meal and tumbled into an exhausted sleep .
tr	6	" I am so stiff , I could not even tell you . "
tr	7	The lift began to descend .
tr	10	They both slipped into the castle , where the captain 's cabin would be .
tr	5	" With the freedom , with the strength and power , comes pain and sacrifice .
tr	8	They had many places to see .
tr	8	Stricken with confusion , he drops to a single knee as his power flees from his body rapidly .
tr	5	' Definitely a touch eldritch , that bird , ' said Arthur .
tr	9	Jimmy stopped his efforts , then watched in horror as Mark lifted the motorcycle with one hand .
tr	7	I followed him through the plastic curtains and the swinging door into the open air .
tr	8	Dane looked grim , " It wasn 't with his body , and I didn 't see it .
tr	10	Jacob tore himself away from the wonder of Toby 's networked world and got them back on track .
tr	11	He believed that he had destroyed every trace of his enemies .
tr	7	Claire raised an eyebrow at Josh 's stained clothes , muddy trainers and unkempt hair .
tr	9	He said nothing , unwilling to respond .
tr	10	They 'd probably stick me in a box labeled cream puffs and leave me to freeze .
tr	9	The firelight flickered and did strange things to images around the fire .
tr	11	' We 've got the documents you asked for , ' Amy said .
tr	8	The last case of the day was a farmer , by the look of him .
tr	7	A minute later two girls stood before them each with a Little Spirit record .
tr	9	Couples held hands while chatting happily and strolling innocently .
tr	9	He drained his glass , poured himself another large drink , and winked at her .
tr	8	" Please , Father , you have taught me all you know and I can defend myself .
tr	10	It was sacred , now , as the events could not be erased .
tr	5	' This place stinks , ' he whispered .
tr	10	I took a seat slowly , worried , trying to not make much noise .
tr	11	" I have no idea what elicited that scurrilous commentary on my character sir , but you best be careful .
tr	7	Then he waited for a break in the traffic and continued north , driving up and down the ridges .
tr	11	Just beyond Bax , Matthew saw Cordelia begin to clap her hands .
tr	5	' No , we didn 't , ' Meatball admitted .
tr	8	The evening came slowly , and Abby didn 't came to my door .
tr	9	He followed Jim 's big figure out into the open sunlight and saw two guards with rifles ready looking down .
tr	8	" Why didn 't Jansen just come over and talk to us himself ? "
tr	6	The almost ghost town now boasted new construction , boutique shops , a Wal-Mart and burgeoning church congregations .
tr	7	He gently bent over and kissed her head and then headed out the door .
tr	6	He was probably about forty five .
tr	8	' Cut me loose young man ' she demanded , so he did -- just like that .
tr	7	" I will send for them at once . "
tr	10	They 'll have to go from zero to sixty in twenty feet . "
tr	11	John stood up and went to the window and pulled back the curtain to peer out .
tr	10	He stopped in the street and turned to look at her .
tr	5	" Sorry , but I don 't know .
tr	6	When I whimper , he gently covers my mouth with his hand and stares into my eyes .
tr	10	They came asking to see you .
tr	9	" I guess that is an answer , " said Loot .
tr	9	Sarah stood in front of the back window and braced her arms together , holding the gun on the man .
tr	5	In a sick way , Emma and I also need each other .
tr	6	A face such as you might see in a loaf , swollen , brooding , infinitely female .
tr	10	' Would you care to elaborate on that ? '
tr	7	" I hadn 't thought of it like that .
tr	10	A huge pewter chandelier was suspended from the ceiling in the kitchen area and another in the dining area .
tr	6	Moments later , the doors to the building slammed open .
tr	7	Instead , I poured coffee and drew comfort from three extra sugars .
tr	5	" Yeah , I 'm " stumped " .
tr	8	You have to trust me . "
tr	10	She cleared 5 ' 8 " on her second try .
tr	7	He would roll with it .
tr	9	He could see the buzzards circling in the distance .
tr	7	I said , didn 't want to seat all day in a hotel room .
tr	11	Calvin stepped aside , allowing them to charge the stage with their equipment .
tr	9	We 've been having such fun here : This place is so old .
tr	6	" So , when do you go on your first raid ? "
tr	6	" It would be too late . "
tr	8	I would be alone with my two sisters and our rather austere , disciplinarian of a mum .
tr	9	He sat on the edge of his desk and gave Ali another long look .
tr	9	You know that isn 't true , " Maya sobs .
tr	7	" Not exactly , " Mai smirks , clearly hiding something .
tr	5	And again yes , in any language , my answer 's the same .
tr	5	" You swore , Iron Prince , " it reminded him .
tr	10	She gave him a puzzled glance , " I have been there a few times .
tr	6	I glanced at the bandage on my leg .
tr	6	A big bay window decorated the far wall , and the curtains gaped slightly down the middle .
tr	7	" All your wonderful influence , of course , " she said .
tr	9	" I am sorry about the death of your mum ! "
tr	7	He looked up at his wife again , but Tracey only smiled .
tr	8	There were about twenty braves in each line , facing each other .
tr	9	' This virus has the ability to cross species . '
tr	9	The way you 're concentrating , it ought to be worth at least that . "
tr	10	He cowered down , holding his hands in front of himself .
tr	9	Take the time to know Zoe .
tr	10	We can practice whenever we can find the time .
tr	10	Is there anything we can do for you ?
tr	8	" If we didn 't sire multiple children we wouldn 't survive very long as a species . "
tr	7	She squatted down , touched the fur tenderly , then got up and came back to the cabin .
tr	8	" Why don 't you move your chair closer to the fire then ? "
tr	9	But you have to get as far away as possible . "
tr	7	" They undoubtedly left by another door , " suggested Valerian .
tr	7	" Beloved by the journalists and conspiracy nut jobs , his face was all over the news . "
tr	6	" And it 's not the same thing , " he said .
tr	6	Army helicopters flew back and forth constantly in the distance .
tr	6	You are a man now , his look said , so act like it .
tr	11	The huskies bounded away , as if eager to leave the wind-swept plain .
tr	8	We will bivouac with you tonight and tomorrow you will come with us .
tr	8	There was no one in the café named Monsieur Gascoigne , " replied the lieutenant even more apologetically .
tr	5	" This is the third day . "
tr	8	Four in the morning I awoke to someone knocking on the boat .
tr	10	He led Sidney to the passenger side and opened the door , was surprised to see her climb right in .
tr	8	You won 't find any here , " he rants , sounding convincingly like a senile old coot .
tr	8	As we stepped out onto the bridge walkway , a guy shouted from the east bank , " Over here . "
tr	10	It was as though he had forgotten them , his task , even their surroundings .
tr	5	Two hours with the boat to Egypt " .
tr	10	That night , the Prince went to sleep feeling bold , and excited that his vague plan was working .
tr	11	I 'm finding soil strata that shouldn 't be here .
tr	6	Well , of course , brainless , she told herself .
tr	10	' Wasn 't gon na say a word , ' Reid said wryly .
tr	9	I told him as much , as he lay there dying .
tr	8	Rafe 's smile had stretched a little wider .
tr	7	But that was crazy too , wasn 't it ?
tr	10	He knew it would do no good , but he just couldn 't help himself .
tr	8	" Come on , don 't be bad with you . "
tr	7	Our next bullets entered the front grille of the Hummer simultaneously .
tr	6	Tavi 's momentum carried him forward , and his bare shoulder blades hit the grass first .
tr	6	" Told you , " Lilly Ann beamed .
tr	8	said Jacob , a laugh in his tone .
tr	5	" You did enough . "
tr	8	He 's expendable to me ; I 'm just returning the favor . "
tr	8	The back of his shirt was melted and smoldering , his skin showing through in several places .
tr	5	The rest of the four hundred stairs .
tr	9	Tell Jodie I 'm sorry .
tr	7	I scrambled to my feet , gathered my skirt and sprinted .
tr	8	" Are you ready for your party ? "
tr	6	' It sounded amazing , ' ' It sounds amazing now , ' she said .
tr	10	Those people that were accused as rebels were hanged to death .
tr	9	" Man , there 's a lot of intrigue in these things . "
tr	8	They started down the rocks , the sun now climbing high toward the noon sky .
tr	11	Angela surprised her , popping out of the bathroom , a hairbrush in one hand .
tr	11	I mean , what do you say at a time like that ?
tr	7	His cocksure smile caused me to pause , and the ridiculousness of the entire situation washed over me .
tr	5	The great veils of day and night , life and death , caring and uncaring .
tr	7	Clouds of opalescent smoke rolled forth from the bowl and roiled around him .
tr	10	He exited the room and Manuel was waiting for him .
tr	7	To her dismay , no music sounded from its typical direction from inside the pub . .
tr	9	He threw up until there was nothing left , then wiped his chin on his t-shirt .
tr	9	Malcolm babbled on about espionage in a newbie sort-of excited way , something about night vision goggles .
tr	9	I 'll be still here with my legs not working . "
tr	11	You come with me ' sted of Lawrence when I do that .
tr	10	" Now that we 're all safe , may I ask what our course will be ? "
tr	5	" And the plan is what , exactly ? "
tr	10	" Still , I have to go and see my sisters , and my mum and dad , " Neil said .
tr	7	She turned and looked at Furnace up and down .
tr	9	" Want to go work out in the basement ?
tr	6	Catalina no longer had a husband ; he no longer had a father .
tr	8	From nowhere a solid blow to the side of his head sent him rolling across the sand .
tr	11	She knew they would only quarrel if they talked .
tr	8	Finn strode down the barn , glancing with satisfaction at the half-full stalls .
tr	7	In the meantime , Miss Hailey , you can learn to swim .
tr	10	" You speak as if I am no longer one of the Children . "
tr	6	How in the bloody hell can she be missing ? "
tr	8	They talked about women as if they were scum .
tr	10	I said , " Why don 't you get up a resume and I 'll forward it to Allan . "
tr	11	Then , Ethel acted like she had prior Intel about the afternoon 's planned activities .
tr	6	" Then ... he is here ? "
tr	8	We 'll be back tomorrow morning at 5am . "
tr	9	It would only be a matter of time before it was located .
tr	11	Alex flipped through the next few entries , perhaps a couple pages of them , before starting to see other dates .
tr	7	" So what 's the deal with the different stones then ? "
tr	7	Amber extends her hand , and a phantom force pushes me off my perch .
tr	6	His bushy black eyebrows crunch together in disappointment .
tr	7	Wager , laying on his back , survived the initial blast with concussion and a missing toe .
tr	9	I can tell you from the body temperature that he died late the previous evening .
tr	8	Mum likes me to look smart . "
tr	7	Inside , I could see vague shadows moving about .
tr	5	" The Prime Break , " Dak whispered , as if the words were sacred .
tr	9	Droplets began to fall from his chin .
tr	10	Brand was inclined to agree with her command .
tr	10	I do know where to find it though .
tr	9	Counting backward from ten , he forced himself to relax , just as his shrink had taught him .
tr	8	He 'd been coming here for years .
tr	11	Where it 's raining , to be precise .
tr	9	" Oh come on , I 'm not even from this country and I 've heard of Hadrian 's Wall . "
tr	7	Home is Farewell , Colorado , just outside of Pueblo .
tr	5	" No , it is , " Dagmar countered , still cheerfully .
tr	7	What else would he share about me ?
tr	9	Everyone is rooting for you , that much is certain , though . "
tr	6	" Take him outside , Sarah , " David said .
tr	9	We 'll just have to get Byron first ! "
tr	6	Adele squeezed Eda 's shoulders .
tr	11	The building as well was tattered and torn as if it had been in disrepair for uncounted years .
tr	6	" How long ago did you meet him ? "
tr	6	I don 't think so . "
tr	9	You all have to pay for Aiden .
tr	8	They moved in and struck with their swords ; he swung hard and bashed a guard in the helmet .
tr	7	It was quite the opposite , " said Jacob .
tr	11	They would accused her if they found out what happened .
tr	11	Are we going to seek out Mace ? "
tr	8	Chapter 4 : What Is The Most Important Thing ?
tr	5	" Yes , " answered Adele .
tr	8	As I finally wheezed my way onto the line I was met by a grim faced Topsy .
tr	11	I offered hoping they would go along .
tr	5	Dave heard it , too .
tr	9	Her frown deepened while she gazed at the last entry in the diary .
tr	10	So , Masque had him placed in one of his dozen portable cells .
tr	6	" Ah , " Theodosia continued , her eyebrows rose .
tr	9	Tell him what you said to me . "
tr	5	" Like ' Hey ' , " Neil offered .
tr	8	You need to ask the growers directly .
tr	11	I know it 's difficult to understand .
tr	10	" Are you sure you 're booked on ? "
tr	10	I 'll bet anything his blood bleeds red , white and blue .
tr	10	She became aware of shelves and piles of clothes about her .
tr	5	" Young master , I wish you all the best .
tr	10	" There is absolutely no need to discuss someone else 's parents .
tr	10	We 've tried for days to get information about the rescue efforts , progress , anything .
tr	7	She too had a golden knot of rank on her chest .
tr	8	There are several parties -- in Asia alone -- keenly interested in this technology .
tr	9	Down on the ground the monster was wallowing like a dog with pepper in its eyes .
tr	8	Therefore , as far as the ranger was concerned , that was the end of it .
tr	7	Adele said nothing , but kneeled back at his side and replaced his bandage .
tr	8	" If we see a corpse , we must chop it into pieces , " Hilda said .
tr	10	It snowed for three days , blanketing everything in a layer of white .
tr	6	Gabe straightens up , and the moon catches his flushed face and tousled hair .
tr	6	" Taking small arms fire , " Flaherty reported calmly over the command net .
tr	11	I prefer to think that we deserved this .
tr	8	The throbbing wail of a siren cut through the heat outside the apartment building , racing towards the murdered Americans .
tr	9	William drained his glass again , " This involves Toby ? "
tr	6	Noah pushed up against Bumps face , his blue chest pulsating .
tr	8	" And you 've never been to Russia , " said Eva laughing .
tr	5	" My mother ... my real mother ... showed me this place . "
tr	8	She gave me the evil eye before kissing his cheek .
tr	11	He felt suddenly horribly at fault , a need to explain himself .
tr	8	As such , you should have alerted someone to the threat . "
tr	7	He fought tears of his own .
tr	7	And that 's it , " I finished .
tr	7	Bindi sat next to Liz , both women now seated , in silence , upon the cold concrete step .
tr	11	Have you forgotten those who follow us ? "
tr	7	Up close , it towered above us and was easily four stories high .
tr	6	' Yes , quite all right , thank you , ' answered Janey .
tr	9	Amanda looked away , biting back a crushing wave of despair .
tr	8	Faith , it seemed to them , was a sign of weakness .
tr	5	THE END CHAPTER ONE - Jenna May " No sex before the wedding .
tr	10	These warlocks had been performing their magic under the guise of a scientific experiment .
tr	8	But fear or no fear , they had to help these poor people somehow .
tr	6	" And me Da will be here soon .
tr	7	Know what I mean ? "
tr	9	They just kept coming , " he half whines , painfully remembering the events .
tr	11	As Bethan stood up , Claire risked raising her head to make eye contact .
tr	9	Mac will know where I am , I will guide you . "
tr	9	Apartment 12B was a first-floor corner unit with views over the park opposite the complex .
tr	7	' Why don 't we start at the beginning ? '
tr	11	It 's the performing musician in you that pulls all those girls ' phone numbers .
tr	11	" It would 've been if he were actually doing that , yes . "
tr	9	A statue of the slayer of evil was erected in the center of Castle Town to commemorate the grandiose occasion .
tr	7	Nelly , the maid , came into the room and pointed at the window .
tr	8	She untied the reins of her mare outside the building and mounted quickly .
tr	7	She was beautiful , with blonde hair , high cheekbones , and sparkling green eyes .
tr	9	' I don 't like the look of it , ' Danny whispered .
tr	9	At least I was able to accomplish something . "
tr	5	" Hey , we weren 't even there the last time . "
tr	9	Penny Sullivan had talked to her privately a couple of times .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " I said , in a low voice .
tr	11	" Do you know why I 'm here ? "
tr	7	A smile appeared on Roberto 's face .
tr	9	I knew I 'd hurt him .
tr	8	He motioned for the armor , and the man helped him into it as quickly as he could .
tr	10	I wanted to see what I had .
tr	9	" He 's close enough to see them now , and he isn 't stopping . "
tr	7	The man ahead suddenly stopped and turned his horse about , confusion evident upon his face .
tr	7	Pugsley looked out the window , he raised his voice and it bounced off the glass to his friends behind him .
tr	9	I clutch the sides of the sink , retching up the dust in my stomach .
tr	8	After being on the road for so long , his sense of personal space was a bit out of adjustment .
tr	6	The first wave of guards fell , almost universally , to the same attack .
tr	6	And then , inexplicably , one of them rose up off the ground .
tr	7	" No , I handed it to you just before ... " he winked and nodded towards the tree .
tr	6	" Okay , we need the king and queen candidates up here , " Amber called over the scratchy microphone .
tr	8	I have given you wine and good food , and hope for a good life .
tr	9	" How old was your brother when he went away ? "
tr	10	Finally , he said " What is there to do ?
tr	6	I picked it up and handed it over .
tr	11	" It 's dated 1755 , " he read , " I wonder if that was when it was buried ? "
tr	11	After that , the only danger to Arthur was the sharp point that had never left his Adam 's apple .
tr	6	" Good night Taylor , Matt , " we say in unison .
tr	11	I knew I was going to die .
tr	9	If Mercedes ' father was anything like his other relatives , our visit would be enjoyable as well as informative .
tr	6	Again , they were trembling a bit .
tr	10	Stepping closer while briefly shielding his eyes he spots a fragmented piece of metal lying in the grass .
tr	11	" I was wondering who would ask that question , " replied Ryan .
tr	10	He didn 't smile but something about him didn 't feel threatening to Sarah .
tr	8	The manor , like many homes of the rich , was situated some distance outside of Rome .
tr	8	And don 't get any of it on you . "
tr	10	" Man , that kid can run , " he commented as he eased down on the accelerator a little .
tr	5	" That should , " the senior devil said , " suffice .
tr	9	He blinked and turned from the sudden glare , to give the warehouse a better look .
tr	9	I leave the faucet running and lean against the door to listen .
tr	8	After dinner , the men wrote up their notebooks or sat about playing cards , chess or just chatting .
tr	6	She 's smart and she 's tough .
tr	9	I promised I would help , and I did not do it for you . "
tr	7	They chatted animatedly during the ten minute drive from the city centre up the hill and into Clifton Village .
tr	11	My heart quivered just before our lips brushed like the soft sprinkling of sugar on a donut .
tr	6	' Yeah , why didn 't she or John tell me ? '
tr	6	Funny , and you know , she only told me this once .
tr	8	They came back into the house , and he told Dad , " You got a real nice family here .
tr	11	I thought Dawson was going to die .
tr	10	She 'd have to dig deep for this one .
tr	9	Some of the people in the cave were sick or wounded ; they could not readily leave .
tr	6	My two sisters , both married , are back there in Kansas . '
tr	6	Despite my fear , I couldn 't help but overhear their conversation .
tr	10	He reviewed the available supplies , ammunition , and weapons , which were all woefully inadequate .
tr	9	Paracetamol for the first day or so , to let it heal .
tr	9	The enemy shield came back up , trapping much of the explosion inside .
tr	8	Kendall was wrapping Logan 's ribs with duct tape , over his shirt .
tr	7	Seconds later , the driver slammed on the brakes once more and brought the heavy vehicle to a quick stop .
tr	9	Neil had no answer for any of her questions .
tr	10	" And you 've been using the Earth as some sort of science project . "
tr	6	" I wouldn 't know , I found it at an antique store . "
tr	11	" I think we should go with the latter , " said David , " and I 'm sure Jennie agrees .
tr	7	The sunlight falls across me in bands , and this helps a little .
tr	11	You remember the Irish chap with the bad knees you looked after last year ? "
tr	6	" You 're either lying or stupid - " " Then I 'm stupid . " "
tr	7	Acted nice to my father , but I never trusted him .
tr	8	He got pensive for a moment before going on .
tr	6	Chapter 3 : The Glass Butterfly " Oh no you don 't ! "
tr	7	Her eyes find his once again , and for an instant , Ganondorf sees her mother 's face .
tr	7	The central part of the city was left bare and uninhabited .
tr	11	Archie gave me some spending money the day I was captured in London . "
tr	11	" Let 's just hope she wakes up someday . "
tr	11	The boulder misses its mark , smashing to pieces after creating a large indentation in the rocky ground .
tr	11	He didn 't really want to speak of it , but some part of him wanted her to know .
tr	6	Within seconds The Statesman landed next to the Dark Watcher , in the moving blackness .
tr	8	Evans ' head poked down out of the large opening in the ceiling .
tr	6	" The hawk fishes the river , " said Wounded Eagle .
tr	11	I had not mentioned the appearance of my mother and , to my knowledge , neither had Tork .
tr	6	The darker the Web , the more tether and radial lines there are and the faster the Wind is .
tr	5	" Well , kind of , but ... " " But what ? "
tr	9	" And do the icons listen to us ? "
tr	8	What was she trying to say ?
tr	11	Giggling excitedly , he cannot remember the last time he had so much fun .
tr	6	" Mom , dad , Mr. and Mrs. Flynn , Mr. and Mrs. Carson and Mr. and Mrs. Black ! "
tr	8	" Time to do the Scooby Do exposition . "
tr	6	Pai and its narrow streets , restaurants and souvenir shops , motor bike rental outlets and guesthouses dotted around the town .
tr	6	Back at the bar , the Professor found Merrill alone at a one-armed bandit .
tr	8	She looked devastated , red eyes visible even in the dim lighting of the plaza .
tr	5	Two minutes later , the computer was booted and ready .
tr	7	There 's one near the kitchens .
tr	5	" Well in that case , you 're e welcome . "
tr	5	" For a Welsh bastard , you were pretty good there ! "
tr	7	She stared at her for a long moment , and slowly Theodosia backed up a step .
tr	9	She could only hope they were alert .
tr	7	Hours later , the plane had set down in Florida , at an Air Force base .
tr	10	Cade could force himself into an obedient Watcher , but they had just escaped from a life like that .
tr	7	As we evolve so should models of our economic systems .
tr	5	' Oh , yeah , ' said Ernie , and spat .
tr	10	The door handle began to turn .
tr	7	" It will be my honor , " he said .
tr	9	What had possessed him to lump Finan in with the ladies ?
tr	9	There are only a few passes but the French are holding most of them .
tr	7	Chapter Four The door opened and the old man stepped out of the car .
tr	5	' Has he got a good pond , and so on .
tr	11	That had been his goal all along hadn 't it ?
tr	9	We stopped there and turned back to face the manor .
tr	7	" Fleet wide , " he ordered curtly and paused for a few seconds .
tr	10	" You want to talk to that pretty nurse you met .
tr	6	Two minutes later , the chopper lifted off gently and took up the strain on the harness .
tr	8	Both of them , as was required , had field training in first aid and small arms .
tr	9	In turn , she held the doors so he could push the cart through .
tr	10	First run-in I 've had with bandits .
tr	11	" Do I need to wake her ? "
tr	9	For the first time in his life , Mike found that he was really good at something .
tr	5	My new memory serves me well .
tr	11	If they were truly in danger he was sure the white one would most certainly be standing guard .
tr	7	For the first time the cave was filled with joy and fellowship .
tr	9	The Prince was speaking quickly , his words coming out clipped but quite clear .
tr	11	And why a War Healer , one who treats injuries , rather than sickness ? "
tr	8	" Seeing where he died might jog his memory . "
tr	8	The sword shuddered in my hands when further bullets struck it .
tr	6	" Ya know , you can be a real jerk ! "
tr	9	Allan said , " George you get all settled in ? "
tr	7	The Archetypes opened the trailers , and out stumbled the Grunts , disoriented and bruised from the journey .
tr	9	Camden grimly took in everything Mal said , without any thought of question or dispute .
tr	9	At least there is enough space between the trees to take a free breath .
tr	8	" Why do you keep calling them the Old One 's ? "
tr	9	" I thought it would be amusing . "
tr	10	I think something might be going wrong . "
tr	7	The boys slipped past the new arrivals and out of the hall .
tr	8	They whispered the vows to each other , first in English , and then in Osei 's native tongue as well .
tr	7	" Because , Mr. President , that ship didn 't come from this solar system .
tr	10	Davis nodded and pulled out his phone to find the right number .
tr	11	When they landed Daniel went home and Tori took the train to Los Angeles .
tr	9	Julie moved to hold him closer .
tr	8	Since Jayne 's moved out it 's just been me and Alan living separate lives paying our own way .
tr	9	How exactly do you propose to reverse this whole situation anyway ? "
tr	6	" You are being followed . "
tr	8	Reggie thought for a moment that the man might cry .
tr	7	" I wonder what that means . "
tr	10	She hadn 't expected the tribe to take such a thing seriously .
tr	7	she repeated , and then , " Oh , oh yes , I have been there once or twice .
tr	9	" I 'll keep it simple for you .
tr	8	one shot in the lung thought Rick his professionalism kicking in .
tr	9	Miriam could hear their joints crack as they straightened their spines .
tr	7	" Sidney , does Daddy carry a wallet ? "
tr	8	Whose fault is that if not Lord Rafe 's ? "
tr	6	" My mother and I. " His eyes are up , off , lost in another place .
tr	10	Neither girl was skilled at climbing and both were in skirts -- - speed was their biggest obstacle .
tr	8	He killed the engine but a guy in a headset mic appeared at his driver 's window .
tr	7	There was only his Afghan identity card , thanks to the Khans .
tr	8	While they reviewed the excitement , Conway noticed Falconer stepping into the warehouse .
tr	11	- Where is the difference in staying with you or with Sebastian ?
tr	9	" I want you to play sick , like you 're passed out cold .
tr	5	Some religious functions , some Irish social gatherings , " Dan said .
tr	6	They started a text message conversation : Jess : Good morning BFF .
tr	7	Bax flicked his gaze from his sewing to Cordelia then back , but he didn 't answer .
tr	8	I 'm really curious how you dance . "
tr	7	" Let 's go right . "
tr	11	He flinches when he catches me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	7	On the other side of the road a worried looking passenger boarded a bus and nodded .
tr	8	I gave a cursory glance at the cliff edge just inches below me , then over at Isaac .
tr	6	" Let 's do some damage , " Jim agreed , " You 're driving ! "
tr	11	It will have to be done with magic .
tr	10	Tragically so many have died and will die because of everything that you have done . "
tr	8	I rolled , climbed to my feet and started to run .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	9	He crossed himself as he stared up at the screen .
tr	9	he started to say hoarsely , but Rupert was already heading out of the vineyard .
tr	10	She paused considering how to proceed .
tr	8	Kurt replied without looking up .
tr	6	" Only one way to find out .
tr	9	' You 've got ta be kidding me , ' he muttered , stalking past in a huff .
tr	10	" We would be delighted to help you .
tr	11	I looked around realizing I was alone .
tr	6	If Church hears -- " " I spit on your Church . "
tr	6	Only Jimmy and Josie remained by the fire .
tr	8	" Good , catch us some more of them . "
tr	7	But we will make it fair .
tr	5	Becomes a real pain in the arse , doesn 't it ? "
tr	8	Maybe she was sweeter when she was a little girl .
tr	8	As he glassed the neighborhood , Ted could see no sign of Melody or of her passing .
tr	7	" Not sure what the joke is , " he said .
tr	8	Think it 's an abduction . "
tr	8	They hauled Hilda out into the court , her hands bound in rope .
tr	5	The last two calls were the weirdest , though .
tr	9	' You have the right to remain silent .
tr	10	At the far end , he found hatches on either side of the central axis of the rail gun .
tr	8	God made me see again . "
tr	10	Enterprising locals with boats were charging exorbitant fees to ferry reporters and their cameramen across the bay .
tr	7	Not wasting time either , Alex followed , a nervous eye cast over one shoulder .
tr	7	It rested a few miles west of the village , along this path . "
tr	5	Maybe bring some tourists back ? "
tr	7	maybe there 's more and Paco just didn 't make them . "
tr	8	We collapsed like shattered husks about the room .
tr	9	He intended to upgrade the unit to dual boot , effectively giving it two personalities .
tr	10	But the fact it wasn 't included in the news report clinched it for Arthur .
tr	9	And where did Olsson feature in all of this ?
tr	9	Dr. Smith thinks Toby has made remarkable progress . "
tr	10	They spent a couple of hours looking through the internet without any success .
tr	8	" I need a few minutes to gather my thoughts .
tr	8	And the Khan wanted Gabriel to take the job !
tr	10	I heard how disrespectful you humans are , but that will change , " Gwendolyn assures .
tr	5	For years , Mindy 's dating life was a travel extravaganza as well .
tr	10	Unable to move a muscle , the utterly depleted Queen exhales in feverish bursts , failing to remain conscious .
tr	8	Or she could wear it on her left , and the proposal was accepted .
tr	7	" Neither of us should have , " said Toby .
tr	7	Spike walked across to a rickety deckchair and lowered himself carefully down into the sagging seat .
tr	6	As another full moon approached , I met Ivy , Abby , their beaux , and Nash at Wings and Things .
tr	9	" Obviously , or you wouldn 't be playing the game like I asked you until after dark .
tr	7	Your father called it the big star , and the small island was the little star . "
tr	11	It began to feel as if they were flying .
tr	9	He asks , surprising himself with his boldness , emphasizing the second word .
tr	10	" Do you want something to drink ? "
tr	9	Dane made another grab for his knife arm but missed , grabbing a handful of sleeve instead .
tr	11	He pressed down with his sword , teeth gleaming in the gloom as his lips parted in a feral snarl .
tr	9	He rolled his girth from his sitting spot and dropped squarely on top of the Rattlesnake .
tr	8	The boy made his way north through the chaos to a refugee camp before falling unconscious .
tr	6	Probably still has his sea legs , Chris thought .
tr	7	And if my guess was right , he was just another common specimen of the royal guard .
tr	8	Thoughts of Noah in the bus at the bottom of the ravine paralyzed her , filling her body with lead .
tr	8	" I am looking forward to it already , " Taylor answered smilingly .
tr	9	I struggled to find him in there .
tr	7	Inside the office sat a tall lanky man with black hair , bushy eyebrows and thick glasses .
tr	9	Neither was known for being overly smart though .
tr	7	The mechanical man turns its head toward the intruders and regards them with red glowing eyes .
tr	10	" He would see no need to be devious . "
tr	7	Now , let 's be off .
tr	10	He was enraged and I knew then that I had hit a raw nerve .
tr	11	She rolled out of her backpack and left it there on the ground while the others did the same .
tr	10	But you know a way around these things I 'm assuming .
tr	10	She had to know it was .
tr	11	" Get them settled in and reassured the best you can .
tr	9	She was startled seeing the look on its eyes .
tr	7	This was no time for that .
tr	10	Maria ripped the fire extinguisher from the wall and fumbled with the safety pin while her husband slowly burned to death .
tr	6	Then , an angelic voice permeated the entire hall and sang , " Somewhere over the Rainbow , " a cappella .
tr	10	New skin has already knitted neatly over the gashes , and I 'm sure this is another angel thing .
tr	8	Looks like ... " His words were lost in another crackle .
tr	7	she replied , out of breath and speechless .
tr	7	" Watch your tongue , old one .
tr	8	Her eyes drank in that last sight of him , stalking away into the night .
tr	10	she didn 't tell us anything we don 't already know , any ideas anyone ? "
tr	9	It seemed an impromptu race was in progress .
tr	9	I hope he um ... I hope he makes it . "
tr	11	Cade said after she trailed off , turning his face to her again .
tr	6	And maybe they use newer guns , but it 's a start . "
tr	10	" It sure would be hard to misplace that thing ! "
tr	8	Connor flew out from the doorway and struck the man directly on the hands and knocked his rifle to the floor .
tr	11	" Yes but what happens if his ill will not pass ? "
tr	9	He 'd made his choice back at the crossroads -- he 'd thrown his lot in with the Exiles .
tr	8	I can do a lot better for you than a river pilot .
tr	9	He didn 't seem to understand and went back to selling roses .
tr	9	Do you have any questions ? "
tr	6	Apparently two had , Sally Peters and Peter Frost .
tr	10	prompted Lorna , who was leaning against a building , hidden in a patch of shadows .
tr	6	Yet his look had not cooled , Toby 's words had changed nothing .
tr	8	Birds take wing overhead , and I can 't help but turn my head toward each new noise .
tr	8	Daniel and Tori , all wet from the snow got back to the path .
tr	8	I see that you brought a new person . "
tr	5	" No problem , Bret , " my voice boomed .
tr	10	I have a car waiting to drive you .
tr	10	He didn 't have a gun the first time he entered . "
tr	9	Doctors are the first places they 'll check .
tr	8	Joe was taller than Ted by a good five to six inches .
tr	9	Can I be so bold to continue this dream ?
tr	8	It was modeled after the royal guard , but ours had an extra scarlet stripe along both shoulders .
tr	8	said a voice from off to the side , " Over here . "
tr	10	He took off his jacket and covered the man to protect him from the rain .
tr	9	She could not believe she was alive .
tr	9	Of all the names to choose .
tr	6	Now a month later , all the states in the ASSC were busy training recruits .
tr	7	The Prince heard the woman descending the staircase , but ignored her .
tr	9	Brazen was now left to clean up the mess .
tr	10	A sad look steals over Link 's face , knowing she is right .
tr	7	After a moment , he asked incredulously , " Ever ' thin ' , you say ? "
tr	6	Their numbers grew daily and so did the tension and anticipation . "
tr	11	" Yes , I have seen how much of a family you have been to her ! "
tr	8	Each wore fencing gauntlets and carried honed sabers , but their entire front was covered by a thick leather pad .
tr	11	Fuchs took her , but there 's no telling where she is or how she 's being treated . "
tr	5	" Yes ... " he swallowed , " your grace . "
tr	7	Because of so much free time , there are always concerts , events and grill parties everywhere .
tr	8	Her belly 's distended , must be filling up with blood .
tr	8	Inside Danny dumped his guitar and looked along the board table for a place to sit .
tr	8	" When my family moved to this village , Andre was already in training .
tr	10	He reminded Claire of a guilty school boy giving his contact details to a copper .
tr	10	We stepped to one side to let the people get off .
tr	10	His crew were sitting around the deck of the East Wind watching the negotiation of sail price .
tr	7	And I mean in more ways than in the bedroom sense .
tr	6	The distant rumbling grew to a din like a hundred oncoming subway trains .
tr	9	" Mike , stop nodding your head and pouting , " demanded Miyako affectionately .
tr	11	The image wobbled to darkness and the previously imperturbable voice cracked on the single word , Gas !
tr	6	You and you , stand guard here , the rest , follow me ! "
tr	11	I understand you would like to talk .
tr	11	Whoever did this has been planning this for at least three years .
tr	10	Ted continued to struggle , but he found that he had even less strength than before .
tr	8	From there they would make plans for their journey into the lower valley .
tr	10	I slashed the knife through the air like I was a sheik from Arabia .
tr	10	Yet again Sally did her screaming bit , and then told Natasha to look in her rear view mirror .
tr	9	She obviously was something of a clean freak as everything was spotless and in it 's place .
tr	7	They travel the city , healing the poor .
tr	5	Without electric , the ventilation system doesn 't work .
tr	6	not that things were great before .
tr	7	" It is not quite as simple a story as that .
tr	10	The man looked expectantly towards us all , perhaps hoping for some sign of recognition .
tr	5	" Not here , though , " she continued , but quieter .
tr	11	It would take a master woodsman to discover some sign of a disturbed area .
tr	5	But in the end , the Maker 's power proved the stronger .
tr	9	Let the vets drive out to the old proving grounds and then turn the wheels over to the new guys . "
tr	7	Now was just such a moment , but unlike the previous times , he still could not find the guiding fibers .
tr	5	We can ... " " And the hunger ? "
tr	9	The Courtier crumpled , a pile of writhing flesh .
tr	9	" That should keep the Devil from finding me ! "
tr	8	Dresden reaches down , grabs the sword and marches out of the lab with purposeful steps .
tr	6	It was safer that way .
tr	5	" Yes , it is you .
tr	7	And Allah knew all about it .
tr	5	A sailor and a lady are absolutely unsuited .
tr	6	" Gods , she broke his jaw , " one of them said in awe .
tr	5	" Remember , lads , " Finn shouted .
tr	10	You will learn that virtue lives in strange places . "
tr	10	The trooper looked at Brazen angrily and hissed , " Get on your feet and show some respect ! "
tr	8	If he attacked them now in the open it would be touch and go .
tr	11	What if he should awaken and no one is there to assist him ?
tr	6	Into the radio mike he said , " New Orleans Coast Guard Radio ?
tr	11	He never let her go as they fell together .
tr	11	" You see , back then your grandmother and her children had to live through so much . "
tr	8	And now , let 's see ... " He paused and acquired a thoughtful expression on his face .
tr	7	They all had a real good belly laugh at the Cape Cod rubes .
tr	7	Agent Williams then transformed , into the older , thinning haired Asian Chef .
tr	9	asked Beppe sheepishly , having guessed Simon 's reply .
tr	9	She held up a hand to cut off his protests .
tr	11	He was made to keep going and to destroy everything .
tr	10	He threw the helmet down and was gone before it hit the ground .
tr	8	The giant looked about to respond , but then caught himself and turned to the Prince with a smile .
tr	6	And yea the vine and the grain did bear fruit and they were merry and rotund . "
tr	7	By now , Gunnar had fallen asleep from the mead .
tr	10	He fears she will lose her legs , and perhaps her life . "
tr	9	All of them appeared to be having fun .
tr	6	As a result , very few traders made the trek to the small village .
tr	8	That 's when the moon goes new .
tr	9	Hard to tell the difference , I know . "
tr	11	He was furious that the two men who saved her got away .
tr	6	Eight turns later , twelve junctions and twenty minutes had passed , and Rick paused again .
tr	8	He 's come all this way to gloat ?
tr	6	To Matthew 's surprise , Bax seemed suddenly , and unaccountably , uncomfortable .
tr	10	Swinging in a lazy circle she came back around to drift above him .
tr	10	Her face held a new softness and Claire realised just how beautiful the woman was .
tr	8	The second guard frowned , recognition dawning in his eyes .
tr	10	before Gema could answer she continued , " let me help you out a bit .
tr	10	" You said he was left over a week ago ?
tr	8	Bracing himself with one arm , he lifted her onto dry land with the other in a single desperate lunge .
tr	8	Inside the small office is a wooden desk at the center and bookshelves lining the walls .
tr	6	Alejo 's face was drawn and severe .
tr	8	Only a crack let the sound carry out .
tr	6	He finished the incision and called , " Clamp . "
tr	6	" I received a telegram from my brother in Rome .
tr	8	Dad 's always been the one with the high-profile job , bad diet , too much wine .
tr	6	" For me and one other person .
tr	7	She hummed and picked her way down to the sands .
tr	11	After taking a moment to collect himself , Lucas continued .
tr	8	The executioner slashed down hard and broke part way through Ivan 's neck .
tr	9	Reckon we 'll draw the series ? "
tr	5	" He 's not dead anymore . "
tr	9	If I hadn 't been all cute and flirty and tied Malcolm up , he 'd be much better off .
tr	11	That 's what 's going to happen ?
tr	9	Neither wanted to start talking .
tr	7	We took the escalator down to the shopping mall beneath the station .
tr	7	Came in here about a month , maybe a month and a half ago . "
tr	8	" Doesn 't hurt to check .
tr	7	They entered the underground late that night and made their way along the dark tracks .
tr	9	" Well , if you had , you 'd have noticed a rather flattering spread of drawings .
tr	11	If we are indeed in danger being out on this ledge will give us no cover . "
tr	9	I 've trained all my life to kill swiftly . "
tr	8	They outlined the muscles of his chest , his shoulders , his arms , his stomach .
tr	9	" But it equals the same thing because they don 't have the money . "
tr	7	Take it , take it back , you never meant anything by it .
tr	6	Ice watched Lynn for a moment , then threw up his hands and shook his head .
tr	5	The familiar stern voice greeted her .
tr	6	Robbie McElroy came on board as General Manager Oil Rig Security .
tr	6	" All my family have died , " she said , her voice low and a little scolding .
tr	10	His mind swirled with this idea , a concept , a point of view he had never before considered .
tr	11	" Do you have any more questions for them , Mr. Greene ? "
tr	10	The men came by , as Wolf Eyes remained crouched .
tr	9	He seemed to resent the girl 's concern .
tr	9	Who knew the old man was so astute ?
tr	9	There was nothing to carry here .
tr	10	" Andy , have you anything from your time that will not rot away ? "
tr	9	On the bottom step , my foot slipped in the river following me , and I fell flat on my face .
tr	6	The cane is not a crutch , it is a staff . "
tr	7	Virgil asked , his eyes snapping open .
tr	11	She covered her ears for her not to perceive what the girl was saying .
tr	11	We have to know what that ball 's all about .
tr	9	" No man has heard me say this .
tr	9	He smiled and nodded to one or two while making his way through .
tr	8	He slid gracefully down beside Nathan and put his mouth to his father 's ear .
tr	11	" I 'm sorry , my Prince , but I am on the way to an appointment with my father .
tr	7	Four men sat their horses and alternately watched her and the skies .
tr	11	Yet Hilda 's certain death made him feel guilt as much as letting her kill Gunnar .
tr	11	Find out if she is on any type of medication .
tr	9	The ache in her chest was replaced by the deepest , most powerful calm .
tr	8	Already descending at the halfway mark , he hears Mai call out to him .
tr	10	By the time I ran out onto the rooftop , Thorne 's helicopter was lifting off .
tr	7	Finally I rose , dusting off my attire .
tr	8	So they waited about an hour , and during that time the flock moved ten times .
tr	7	- At the same time , it is more than just reading wishes and fulfilling them .
tr	7	" Ten seconds to doors open , " said Jonesy five minutes later .
tr	9	Why did screw-ups have such a consistent tendency to multiply themselves ?
tr	7	Logan stared at me , his eyes set , his chin locked .
tr	9	I wasn 't sure he 'd even survive . "
tr	11	Just then they could hear that clanging sound made by the triangle on Mr. Stark 's porch .
tr	7	Its long arms stretched out and plucked the screaming man up and lifted him up to its mouth .
tr	6	" Why didn 't you tell Ken the full story the other day ? "
tr	6	And when it bombed , my life as a stage manager would be over .
tr	8	Looking round her old room , Claire shivered at an unexpected wave of nostalgia .
tr	5	" My Mariana , " sorrowfully exclaimed the mentioned father .
tr	7	It 's a personal expression , a calling card , and an art form just as any other .
tr	7	A fine girlfriend you are ! "
tr	11	Do you need anything repeated ? "
tr	8	Logan said , staring at me .
tr	9	Government is one such organization viewed through wary glasses ; the larger the more wary .
tr	8	All around him was darkness and his thoughts seemed wrapped in cotton .
tr	11	Please do not let anyone know that you have spoken to me . '
tr	7	And in the middle of all the beauty of God 's creation was a man and his wife .
tr	10	But the question was already moot , because the smile had already left Chris 's face .
tr	8	With his gloved hands dripping fresh blood onto the floor , he hung his head low .
tr	5	" Yell , ' Attack ' , Vivian . "
tr	7	Using a branch as a handle , he had removed all the bark and fashioned a slot .
tr	7	Quickly , I dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
tr	9	" Why do they always collapse when I take the armor ?
tr	7	Was it some evil magic ? "
tr	7	Yet this decision was fraught with its own difficulties .
tr	8	" Do you know who ? "
tr	10	Both women took turns opening them .
tr	11	Big fluid filled blisters were already forming on her breasts , stomach , thighs and upper arms .
tr	10	" Yes , I had expected to find Rafe present .
tr	10	" You going to stay here over Christmas ? "
tr	9	" You don 't even care if we were worried ? "
tr	8	" Finish feeding Duchess for me Scott .
tr	10	Contact was drifting off station as we lost visual and there is no evidence of an electromagnetic buildup . "
tr	10	He turned and tramped back to where the other two were digging .
tr	10	Her love for reading prompted her to write her own stories , drawing from life 's experiences and lessons learned .
tr	8	Andre scurried to get inside .
tr	10	They were waiting for whoever was coming .
tr	7	" She 's just a normal girl , " he couldn 't help saying .
tr	9	A palace guard assisted her as she climbed onto a boat .
tr	5	" Back room , " Arthur choked out .
tr	10	Connor couldn 't tell if Maria was embarrassed , flattered , or just uncomfortable .
tr	9	" If this was the final exam , I would 've got 95 out of 100 .
tr	8	The two men stood in the middle of the sitting room .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , the shirt , too , " Rose mocked softly .
tr	9	Carefully , he climbed up onto the cap of the wall and stood upright .
tr	6	" Not really my cup of tea , " he said with a snort .
tr	6	" Oh , your wife is my mom 's friend , right ? "
tr	10	How would they react to their lands being savagely attacked ?
tr	7	" Then it 's settled , " said Lucas , placing his finger back on the map .
tr	7	I put a denim jacket over the top , then I pulled my hair up into a messy bun .
tr	9	Chloe decided to finish for me .
tr	11	Coming to the middle of the camp he saw two men trying to get a heavy machine gun loaded .
tr	7	The photo on Malcolm 's laptop flashed back to me .
tr	11	At this point I could safely assume it was a pretence to something else .
tr	11	We 're not even supposed to be speaking to each other .
tr	8	" Yes , I can hear you , where are you ? "
tr	8	A red barn , taller than most , stood at one end of the ring .
tr	7	Joseph walked boldly forward and bowed low to the king .
tr	8	I asked pointing to the toilet .
tr	8	Out of the corner of his eye , he could see his betrayal in Elaina 's eyes .
tr	7	" Speaking of which , how about our new fairy friend here ? "
tr	8	He stops when he sees me .
tr	11	I wish people would say where they went .
tr	6	Your dad and your mom , even your perfect little sister , all happy and secure in a fucking bubble .
tr	8	The guard jerked awake , his feet dropping to the floor .
tr	7	Anderson opened the next dispatch and almost immediately became agitated .
tr	8	He was alive for nearly two days !
tr	8	Yes or no , did you fly here ? "
tr	10	Mai shouts , grabbing hold of his hand and propelling him forward .
tr	8	Something was going to happen .
tr	8	It took several more minutes to decipher the code .
tr	8	Robbie put the phone on the bed so everyone could hear .
tr	9	They assaulted the enemy from the rear and , as you can see , successfully rescued the Annihilator team . "
tr	8	The recently collected rocks kept it from falling over .
tr	10	I admired how assured he was .
tr	5	On the good side , after a windstorm the air was usually somewhat more breathable .
tr	7	They paddled on for a while , and then the landing was found .
tr	5	Can 't we stop and rest for just a little while ? "
tr	6	" And that dude took a serious beating , " Link added .
tr	9	He states with a look of shock before glancing down at his hand .
tr	11	The buckshot had taken off part of the side of her head , leaving a portion of the brain exposed .
tr	5	" It 's a real , live wolf ! "
tr	9	She wants to be with him .
tr	8	A quick glance over at Eduardo showed white teeth flashing against his tan jaw .
tr	10	If he was right , the consequences would be grave , not that it would change anything .
tr	6	His boisterous laughter made my blood run cold in my veins .
tr	8	Despite the heat emanating from the steaming pools , Claire pulled her jacket tighter and longed for a Starbucks .
tr	7	" I 'm a British Citizen , " said Tony , " you can 't do that . "
tr	5	" Pray , my lady , there isn 't a next time . "
tr	9	The whole time he was destroying that guy , he never said a word .
tr	6	" Well , considering , I mean , um , yeah , it 's a great idea . "
tr	5	" Yes , your honor , " said the city attorney .
tr	11	" I came here because I wanted to find someone . "
tr	9	Let 's go for a cup of coffee and you can tell me about it . "
tr	11	Neither of them thought to run before it was too late .
tr	11	' Just need to get this lot back to Chingford , ' Calvin said .
tr	7	Then , the old lady in Building 555 revives them from the dead graves , here in the graveyard .
tr	10	Say , your dad said I could ask you a big favor .
tr	6	It took me several seconds , but I finally spotted my foster brother - and he wasn 't alone .
tr	7	" Ready , set , get the hell out of here . "
tr	8	" And did you see the dead fight ? "
tr	11	It would help if I knew why .
tr	7	Winter had been fun , exciting and exhausting .
tr	6	Jacob pushed William back by both shoulders to arms length .
tr	7	I 'm also picking up trace life readings , but it maybe a scanner echo . "
tr	11	I don 't think she is directly involved in this though . "
tr	6	" I don 't know , " he said .
tr	6	" Well , how could two such complete idiots have a relatively nice son ?
tr	11	" You 're sure that 's what it was ?
tr	11	" He thinks he knows who set the fire . "
tr	9	He was going to need an assistant .
tr	9	Jason asks quickly thinking Raiden maybe offering him an explanation .
tr	10	" Do you think my dog tags will get me into the Class VI ?
tr	9	" So , that was it then , just the five of you ? "
tr	9	" Okay , I have no idea what to say . "
tr	6	You made a deal for your freedom .
tr	9	They 'll probably have towed my car away by that point anyway .
tr	6	Dios took a step backward , aghast , his eyes two brief pools of pain .
tr	5	" Acknowledged , Doctor Hicks , " The Shrine replies .
tr	10	There might be a heart somewhere inside that block of ice after all , ' he thought by himself smiling .
tr	9	I was so looking forward to a bit of undisturbed peace .
tr	10	" That 's a shame , " the cop replied after a moment , unable to mask his disappointment .
tr	7	It wasn 't ' kickass ' and it wasn 't ' high-paying , ' but work was work .
tr	10	The Prince of Ravens realized with a spike of fear that he was being toyed with .
tr	7	He was huge and had a thick brown beard and wild , uncut hair .
tr	9	The call was answered back , and before long the two groups met at the place of the landing .
tr	8	Never since the coma , however , had he gotten a good look at his eyes .
tr	8	With a deft movement he had removed the sword from the older man 's hand .
tr	7	In his best command voice he yelled out , " I am United States Marine Corps Major General Butch Matthews .
tr	6	I couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	6	" Oh this is bad , this is very , very bad .
tr	7	Certainly the startling white paint and the multi-colored flowerbeds were never a part of the original experience .
tr	8	I hesitated while I studied the two immortals closely .
tr	7	I grabbed the cell and glanced at the display .
tr	5	Fellows and Waller fought , close and desperate , in the confined space .
tr	7	" It was near the gate , " he whispered .
tr	7	He put one arm around her waist and regarded Neil again .
tr	8	He had never killed a woman before and did not wish to .
tr	8	" Not in these streets it 's not doing one hundred and fifty , " Finnigan said with a smile .
tr	7	" Put on the headphones and switch on the noise canceling .
tr	10	" It looks like it wasn 't left there intentionally . "
tr	6	Rafe stared hard into her softly unfocused eyes for some moments .
tr	11	Its contents didn 't appear to be relevant to his search .
tr	9	There was nothing to be seen .
tr	7	" Uh , yeah ... " " That same amount of water is going out that hole .
tr	9	No one seemed to see him anyway , so how could this be ?
tr	6	" Indiana Jones found that already , " she replied .
tr	9	He was fully regenerated , his out-dated flattop restored and no sign of injury or his battle on him .
tr	8	" We never expected the hatch to open .
tr	8	It takes one of them out of here and we can track them . "
tr	9	I 'd rather be safe than sorry , Terry ... .
tr	11	She said to me , when she saw me standing straight at the elevator .
tr	11	Taylor continued to look at the many pages and drawings in the folder .
tr	8	The wind was a lot gentler but , still made the trees sway a little .
tr	10	It was as if Stinky had passed through a magic door .
tr	6	That was it , god English was a strange language , all those weird plurals .
tr	10	Let someone else feed him for a change is what they 'd say between arguments .
tr	10	It was the only way that he could help his parents and save the farm .
tr	9	he asked as he put on his jacket .
tr	6	Without moving , she answered , " I won 't , why not ? "
tr	11	That means Sophia will need to go . "
tr	7	He 'll turn you into an angel .
tr	8	The first stabs of light through the golden curtains were a welcome relief .
tr	9	He stared into the muzzle of the Smith and Wesson , his hands raised defensively .
tr	6	Canals run deep into the city , with little bridges all over .
tr	11	The embers were reduced to a small amber glow like eyes peering out from the darkness of the charred wood .
tr	7	Her knife flashed , and she raised a hand as if displaying a trophy .
tr	5	The two suits and my other aspects took the forward car .
tr	6	" Be still , Rafe ! "
tr	9	Raphael shook his head saying , ' It 's a French operator .
tr	6	" Feels good , be right back .
tr	8	Secondly , I think I just got the job .
tr	10	Still , this and the other tasks I have assigned you are merely distractions .
tr	11	Make your XO aware that he will have the Brigade until you return . "
tr	8	" I don 't know what you want ! "
tr	6	This time there was only one monitor beeping , not the usual three .
tr	7	" We let humans in and they betrayed us , " Zachary snaps .
tr	10	Guess I had that one figured .
tr	6	Abruptly , Max recoiled , lurching back as white-hot agony pierced his chest like a blade .
tr	9	He soon found himself turning quickly to the next page , and the next , and the next .
tr	11	Dick watched the shadowy shape rhythmically slide in front of the window lit solely by the firelight .
tr	9	Handsome too , " she adds , arching her back and climbing to her feet .
tr	9	People from the gas station and surrounding buildings were starting to come outside .
tr	10	One of the men had already cleared its contents in preparation for the day 's move .
tr	9	It must 've been Aloysius because he shouted .
tr	8	He learned from their girlfriends how they 'd all met , engaging them but ignoring the band members .
tr	7	I am also confused but there is a guarantee ; we will find it out soon !
tr	6	The sound of her laughter stabbed through my chest .
tr	7	He also made a few cents on shipping and handling , setting up a UPS account .
tr	10	" Never mind , not today ... we have to talk Abby ; you 're making a huge mistake .
tr	10	After that I suppose we will all be rich and good friends .
tr	6	Joshua made up his mind and called his two team leaders together .
tr	7	Both of us understand and feel the same way , so it 's not a problem .
tr	10	' I do hope nothing bad has happened to him . '
tr	10	All she could read in her eyes was happy love , adoration and infinite patience .
tr	6	" No , " Abe said , " but my vote doesn 't count , apparently . "
tr	7	The greatest of the Searchers was cold and wounded and possibly near his death .
tr	5	" No response , " said the first officer , Lieutenant Lisa Jensen .
tr	9	They couldn 't have been interested in Strauss 's research just for the financial gain . '
tr	11	' Come and find me after they 've played and we 'll talk again .
tr	11	I assumed he thought that I was dead .
tr	9	He began to come forward , but stopped as Leah spoke again .
tr	6	Sincerely , Jo Sanderson Sanderson Literary Agency I turned and faced my husband , and slowly shook my head .
tr	5	' Good luck , ' I said quietly .
tr	9	Freeing her seemed right and the best way to harm them in one . "
tr	6	Jessica perked up , " Yes , definitely !
tr	7	" Dr. Livingston " Don 't say ' I presume ' .
tr	5	" Cement , plaster , some plumbing fixtures , some pipe , and so on .
tr	11	I asked her if we were going to her room , but she said no .
tr	11	Chapter 6 " Your head , " the boy with elf eyes murmurs as he puts me into a car .
tr	9	Except , they were about to get one .
tr	10	" You thought you watched me die .
tr	7	Both men exited the truck and started toward the little girl .
tr	9	Actually , I don 't know how he feels ... he can be so unpredictable .
tr	8	He was pulled roughly from his reverie by Lord Brogan 's voice .
tr	7	" You must be careful , Rafe ; even the best laid plans can somehow become tangled . "
tr	7	He sucked down the entire drink on the way to the teleport .
tr	10	Ask him the same questions I did , only faster ? "
tr	8	In every conceivable situation , an acceptable human form would add to the unit 's effectiveness .
tr	6	The assurance was perfunctory and with a swift bow he was gone .
tr	10	When the next song began Katherine panicked when no sound came from Calvin 's guitar .
tr	11	" So I think she wanted you to stay alive .
tr	7	" But ... how did you manage to escape ? "
tr	8	Joshua said this part loudly for the benefit of the soldiers nearby .
tr	6	" Well , I haven 't , " Hawk mumbled to himself .
tr	9	" Then no , I don 't know what a Cloak is .
tr	10	" I 'm not that big into fashion you know . "
tr	10	She was in no mood to play princess right now .
tr	10	Tarleton ran himself a bath , as hot as he could stand , and relaxed .
tr	7	He took it on the forehead and promptly stamped on the guys instep .
tr	7	" Why do you call him Charger ? "
tr	6	The sky is blue and pale , a welcome sight , and the sun is warm but gentle after the desert .
tr	8	" To find someone better to love . "
tr	11	I wanted to spend ze night at home in my own bed . '
tr	11	Katherine wasted no time in asking her where she 'd been .
tr	7	" And I would 've enjoyed the break so much too . "
tr	6	" And even if he weren 't , the trip there and back would take two hours .
tr	8	He had waited this long , he could wait a little longer .
tr	8	" What is done , is done and was done for the best . "
tr	5	Through all the confusion and horror , basic Alchemist instincts took over .
tr	5	" Good night , Mr. Thompson , " answered the second voice .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " says Lilly , twisting her fingers together .
tr	10	" It seems to be reading it , " replied Jonesy .
tr	9	Your friend at the airport will be in the hands of security by now .
tr	6	What that meant was only one back-up storage and fairly flaky data integrity .
tr	10	A pernicious mistranslation of the scriptures has described the Mark of Cain as a scar on Cain 's forehead .
tr	5	" A big one you are , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	9	Two hundred ninety thousand feet and I 'm getting minimum thruster control , turning onto computerized controls .
tr	7	The boy laughs , his voice augmented with his nasal passage blocked .
tr	9	They 'll see us well before we get down .
tr	7	They do not have much time ... ' ' You mean the asteroid , ' Doc said .
tr	10	Truth only knows when I 'll get this chance again , he thought grimly .
tr	10	Her eyes flashed towards me , annoyance written on her face .
tr	7	" Goodnight , Uncle Virgil and Aunt Theodosia , " Miriam said , not paying attention .
tr	8	Red Talon said , " Thank the Great Spirit for good hunting . "
tr	6	The different jurisdictions work on their own .
tr	9	Waiting to be caught ? "
tr	7	He smiled awkwardly and held it out to me .
tr	7	" They don 't hang people anymore , " he said .
tr	10	No telling where the foul things were to be .
tr	9	Surprise and wariness combined with the barest hint of fear crossed the large bearded face .
tr	6	Mark held up a hand and waved goodbye .
tr	5	In his eyes , because of my peculiar sexual appetite , I am purely black .
tr	11	He did want to enjoy it .
tr	10	The only real trick would be making it to the car without becoming a chew toy .
tr	5	Let 's say 150 - 180 pounds .
tr	8	" Take your company forward and set up an all-around defense based on the destroyed bunker . "
tr	10	" When the signal comes we have to run in to the forest . "
tr	9	But from where she stood she could see the water rippling at the waterline .
tr	7	Frank Jennings sat in his black van behind St. Mary 's church .
tr	9	He pressed his hands over his ears and shouted , ' Turn it off !
tr	9	He felt a sharp pain on the side of his head and fell back onto the pavement .
tr	9	He smiled and glanced down at my lack of clothing .
tr	9	Please , let 's go to out place . "
tr	7	Just keep her straight and level on the horizon and watch your height and compass heading . "
tr	8	Finding his way back into the conversation Calvin asked , ' Everyone cool with Katherine staying over ? '
tr	7	" And you know , you really shouldn 't use them around town .
tr	6	Softly she sighed and leaned into him .
tr	10	He might have gone himself except he was damn near seventy .
tr	5	a young private holding a battered tin offered eagerly .
tr	8	I needed to think quickly .
tr	6	" We have twenty-two pennies , three stars , one stag , and that old chipped garnet , ser . "
tr	7	He probably had it wrong , he was always misquoting things . "
tr	11	So you hear all kinds of stories I would think . '
tr	6	Linking hands , we trudge over the grassy hill as the sun resorts behind the mountains .
tr	10	But Hilda stood up and shouted , " How dare you sing of such things ? "
tr	6	The truth was , he still couldn 't quite believe it .
tr	10	He looked off into the distance where one of his men was drifting back with six magazines .
tr	11	I want to have love before I breed .
tr	5	" What else do you remember ? "
tr	7	He went to the back kitchen window and looked out into the yard .
tr	9	Several rounds glanced off the black armor as he hunched over her protectively .
tr	9	It seemed as though urban planning had been an afterthought .
tr	5	' Not exactly a people person , is he ? '
tr	8	Soul pretended to look caught .
tr	7	In the nightstand drawer was a tin of breath mints and tickets for the Eiffel tower .
tr	8	" He 's coming , he 's coming , " she panted , straining for the handle .
tr	10	Because the park wasn 't well settled , Sampson 's forces were expected to attack via this same route .
tr	9	" Breathe , " a voice said to him , a scared voice but one with a steely insistence in it .
tr	6	The Milne brothers were too old , the Murphy boys too young , and Indianola too otherwise small and Protestant .
tr	11	My lungs were screaming when I finally stopped near a bench and sucked in air , doubled over .
tr	6	Adele gazed at him blankly .
tr	10	Neil balanced the load of fishing gear that she had dumped on him .
tr	11	" We 've attempted to block the Trojans ' receivers , but they 're highly adaptable .
tr	7	Dragging my little case behind me , I joined the group a little distance away from the majority congregation .
tr	7	Logan 's gaze drifted out the window towards the sun .
tr	9	She 's usually home by now , " Rick asked , getting nothing but shrugs in reply .
tr	11	' Do I have to hear this ? '
tr	5	" After your ancestors , I guess .
tr	6	" Oh man ... , " Nathan whispers , " he 's got her . "
tr	9	Riki , not to be outdone , instantly responded with spirit .
tr	11	He had used a lot of energy getting Lynn freed .
tr	6	The fewer eyes and ears involved in this meeting , the better .
tr	8	Perhaps my son had become a ghoul ; I could not understand this change , this demonic possession .
tr	9	I let a faint smile cross my lips again and silently cursed my absent partner .
tr	10	In seconds , the lobby was filled with confused people , turning , running around in confusion .
tr	8	But to Hailey it seemed he just sat and stared .
tr	10	It wasn 't like she could run , could she ?
tr	6	" Two minutes more , " Strider said , " and then the real fun begins .
tr	8	With sheer joy , Scarborough let to her feet and began to dance .
tr	10	Someone suggested that they form a defensive position of two rows .
tr	7	In order not to frighten the girl more than necessary Ben let go of her hand .
tr	10	Do you know of it ? "
tr	6	" Chalky 's wife is an awful cook , " Archie said with a wry grin .
tr	7	By this point we 'd left our own dying horses behind .
tr	5	Too late now , Homer , ' she says , and laughs .
tr	8	" Have you heard of these things ? "
tr	10	They woke up early and prepared to leave as early as possible .
tr	5	" Oh , boo hoo hoo , the poor little abused Bane .
tr	9	We had to fend for ourselves .
tr	8	After a hundred years imprisoned as a spider he still remembered the ritual as if it happened yesterday .
tr	8	" Why do we both have to go ? "
tr	11	He was the one who kept opening up .
tr	10	I grabbed the stunned Frenchman 's weapon out of his shoulder holster , twisted and fired a volley of rounds .
tr	8	But if I may ask a question ; the Northern Kingdom of where ? "
tr	6	" Mr. Robinson , a moment please , " the Captain spoke up .
tr	11	That was something he intended to correct .
tr	10	" I skimmed over most of it , but I read the parts you had marked .
tr	10	" Do you know where my father is ? "
tr	6	And now Gabriel was just passing it all on .
tr	11	" Oui , " Aimee whispered , inching toward the door while holding my arm in a death grip .
tr	11	I cannot allow our resources to be diverted from that .
tr	7	He appeared somewhat accidental to the photo 's purpose .
tr	6	" And Yes , Toby is a rather amazing lad .
tr	6	Hopefully we didn 't break any windows . "
tr	7	The big man , his stony black eyes watching him closely , nodded as well , and dropped his hands .
tr	10	It was all he could think about .
tr	8	The First DEMON Company was similarly mauled , with seven wounded and nineteen killed .
tr	9	It was fascinating to watch this spectacle .
tr	6	Matthew opened the door , stepped through , and quickly shut it .
tr	6	Echo absentmindedly traced her uncle 's medallion resting against her chest with her free hand .
tr	11	I could see large beads of sweet trickling down his throat , mixing with his blood from the Courtier 's knife .
tr	11	Yet the god of justice and just war seemed to be on the side of the rebels .
tr	6	He was taking it too far .
tr	7	He looked weak and afraid , piteous even .
tr	9	The moment the doors clamor shut behind him , he pulls on the reigns and slows to a stop .
tr	6	We 're here to -- " David 's body tensed .
tr	5	" For a while , but the drive to the prison was too long .
tr	11	I came on a mission , and was ordered to bring a message from my king .
tr	7	The group was very tired and weak from weeks without any nutrition .
tr	7	I hook my arm in his and swing him around roughly .
tr	7	Parnell was properly abashed ; Sam almost never called him by his first name anymore .
tr	8	" But we have to catch them first .
tr	6	" You were tired , " she answered .
tr	5	Before The Patty Duke Show , John Ross was a struggling , small-time manager .
tr	7	Once he got there , he fell in love , married , had kids and never came back . "
tr	6	Along with separate television and movie taxes , the internet had finally been taxed .
tr	10	His roving hands encircled her waist , and he kissed her neck as they lost their balance and almost fell .
tr	8	There was no getting around it .
tr	7	Trevor looked at the big man over his glasses , ' A tenner ? '
tr	9	Her stomach squirmed with hunger and nerves as she flicked through the messages .
tr	8	And it had to be something good ?
tr	7	Kevin looked at her , the drop of water came down from the ceiling , and it hit Kevin 's cheek .
tr	6	" I know you , " Alec said , with supreme confidence , and stood up .
tr	5	Probably from before he lost half his brain .
tr	10	" We 've got to get them out of the park .
tr	7	His body was as stiff as a bow , yet the man was breathing .
tr	11	At that moment the boss appeared and was overjoyed to see the sisters in his room .
tr	8	" I honestly don 't care how you feel .
tr	8	Smiling , Chris scratched behind its ear and got to work .
tr	7	She looked at me very curious , rising an eyebrow .
tr	6	she asked in a sarcastic tone .
tr	7	I don 't usually open up the shop much before ten anyway . "
tr	10	But soon she was distracted by playing with Noah .
tr	6	He sits down , then shuffles his front paws together and puffs out his chest .
tr	10	" What 's that on the back of his hand , Robbie ? "
tr	7	" Dustin , please no jokes " , Bradley raised his hand giving his brother a warning .
tr	8	It dawns on her that she might never escape .
tr	10	They are surgical glasses meant to install Imps .
tr	9	I do so need to rest , and we must find a pleasant place for the poor animals .
tr	7	" Sorry sis , but that 's not our biggest concern right now , " he said .
tr	11	They watched as the canoe landed and was pulled up on shore .
tr	8	' Three bodies moving towards you from the front of the house .
tr	7	" I 'll open the door , and you peek in .
tr	10	" They went to pick up dinner for everyone .
tr	8	I began looking about for a stables .
tr	9	He hung up the phone and turned to face Maria .
tr	7	Now he left his spaceship , looked at the sleepy , grey world , and discovered it anew .
tr	10	" Team 2 is getting ready to take a closer look . "
tr	7	Remember , Vampires can bear children only once but Humans can do so many times over . "
tr	8	Lord Brogan waved his hand in an airy gesture of dismissal .
tr	10	He said , " Once they 'd lost complete surprise , they lost most of their courage .
tr	9	Nathan let out a deep breath and closed the door before the precious heat could escape .
tr	5	" It isn 't so bad really , just hot and humid . "
tr	9	I wonder if they found the dead mouse under the bed .
tr	8	The one holding the center of the ring is his target .
tr	10	" If only we could get hold of the Sacred Documents ... " " Sacred documents -- what are they ? "
tr	8	" Are you ok kid ? "
tr	6	Heston took out his handkerchief and rubbed his hand , and entered the tavern .
tr	9	She clicked the first result , one of over five hundred .
tr	6	" Maybe you 're not really immortal , you just have nine lives , like a cat . "
tr	11	A woman was attempting to escape as he had .
tr	8	I can read you pretty well , even if no one else can .
tr	11	It rose from medieval times , waiting to enclose more victims in its vengeful jaws .
tr	8	" And faster , " Shade answered keeping her eyes on her enemy , holding steady her beaten and bent pole .
tr	7	As the group broke up , Mike caught McCutcheon 's attention and walked over to the lunch area .
tr	7	Only after a few long minutes in that heightened state did he see anything .
tr	6	Knights wore plate and he wasn 't a knight anymore , at least not officially .
tr	10	If only he knew what to do .
tr	8	The rest of the meeting , I imagined different ways to torture Malcolm .
tr	11	All of a sudden he had an idea that seemed brilliant to him .
tr	7	His Lordship took one look at her attributes and promptly had a heart attack .
tr	11	She saw Bethan frown , and realised she was being a killjoy .
tr	11	Pyre is an imposing sight , it had towering walls that shielded the circumference of the city .
tr	11	" There were certainly times when I argued with Pam , a lot . "
tr	8	We 'll travel to them , and hide out among their numbers .
tr	10	It was a key attached to a strip of adhesive tape .
tr	9	Eventually the truck swung into the forecourt shared by the units .
tr	7	" We will join you in the lab shortly . "
tr	11	Sofia jumped crazily trying to capture the young man 's attention .
tr	7	All of them were Spacers , the military 's lowest rank , like Mac was .
tr	7	She gave her satchel a tentative sniff and nearly choked .
tr	7	They really screwed us , " the Admiral states , her voice sounding pained and weak .
tr	7	They 're coming for us .
tr	6	The pinstripe suit , red tie , and conservative hair cut looked the same on everyone at the firm .
tr	5	" And , by the way , I 'm not English at all .
tr	8	A careful search of the drawers and filing cabinets produced nothing useful : there was no mention of CNRS 129 anywhere .
tr	6	Then she used the same trick on Misty .
tr	11	" Then , " Adele considered thoughtfully , " did you not wish to marry her ? "
tr	8	While he looked like Echo , the driver was in fact the shapeshifter .
tr	6	" This way , " said a nearby guard with a gruff , hollow voice .
tr	8	He gathered together a group of high rollers , business magnates , politicians , mob bosses and the like .
tr	10	Even though she could have attacked on her six remaining legs she hesitated .
tr	9	He guessed that to the Mice below he looked like a crazy Mouse .
tr	7	The song won 't stop in my head .
tr	10	' We 're heading to Camden Lock to promote tonight 's gig .
tr	10	Find out whether any of them have any armaments outlets either here or abroad .
tr	9	I invited them on board ; we shook hands all around and had them conducted to the conference room .
tr	10	Ben was so surprised that he was literally struck dumb .
tr	6	' I don 't know , ' I replied carefully .
tr	5	Have some patience ... " Amanda ran down and across the living room .
tr	7	' Well , he 's never kept any secrets from me , ' struck Merrill in further defence .
tr	7	" Okay , this will be the main holding bay , " his father continued .
tr	7	The prisoner squeezed her hand and reached for mine .
tr	9	' By not letting me smoke , you 're causing me undue stress .
tr	7	A warning of impending danger might do little good , but it eliminated surprise .
tr	6	The marines exchanged confused glances , but their weapons didn 't waiver .
tr	9	Sergeant Bradley knelt in front of her and gave her first aid .
tr	6	The last to leave , the blast of adrenaline eased its way out like an embarrassed party guest .
tr	7	He pulled his hands from her chest and stood back .
tr	8	He picked up a folder to review .
tr	7	He asked , " How are things going ?
tr	11	It was certainly turning out to been one of those days .
tr	11	He was still here , sitting with arms propped on his knees .
tr	6	He and Abby led the party down the trail .
tr	6	During her life she will find some priceless , ancient manuscripts .
tr	6	Her eyes were red and puffy , and so was her nose , and in general she looked pretty miserable .
tr	6	Of course , these lads were right , and the Terror followed quickly after .
tr	8	We have begun preparing them .
tr	11	But Seven heard it , and was sure the girl said : " I hope not . "
tr	8	Landon ploughed on before Elaina noticed the pause .
tr	5	' The Library , I think , ' said the Senior Wrangler .
tr	5	" No he doesn 't , Lexi , " he said , angrily .
tr	11	And my mother said football skills would never come in handy , Jimmy chuckled to himself .
tr	9	The rebels , seeing their leader lose his life on the stairs , made no further attempts .
tr	8	Residents from more than eighteen villages awoke this morning to strange scorch marks and holes in the ground .
tr	8	I sat on my chair and playing with the little spoon in my coffee , watching in gol .
tr	7	His back was to me , but the bayonet on his shouldered musket glinted .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry Toby , we can 't go there now .
tr	9	" Then we meet somewhere the enemy can 't blend in .
tr	9	Sitting in his living room in San Jose Julio studied the map on the coffee table .
tr	8	" Well , you can 't blame me for trying ! "
tr	10	He grabbed the top of the spine of one binder and pulled it down from the shelf .
tr	6	' Yes , I was , ' I replied with a faint smile .
tr	9	" When he arrives , I want to know it , " said Broken Bow .
tr	10	I had been too excited to eat breakfast .
tr	7	Like our house in Pennsylvania ?
tr	8	I decided to be upfront .
tr	8	" If your old pilot friend can fly us up there , " laughed Suzi .
tr	9	With that she unplugged the network cable and ripped out the wireless antenna from the back of her personal computer .
tr	9	Frightened shouts came from another mound about fifty yards farther away from where Gan hid and watched .
tr	10	" I missed you so damn much ; I thought I would never see you . "
tr	10	' Everyone suspects that I might be truly immortal , ' I said patiently .
tr	7	Coming out from the path , Cone , and some relieved looking Tens , reached flatter ground and a wider trail .
tr	8	There would be no more Kindred , there would be no more resistance .
tr	10	Can you imagine that there is relief from pure bliss and ecstasy ?
tr	5	" What are we having ? "
tr	10	" Think I had a shot at him .
tr	8	" Is there a way out of this ? "
tr	9	Running beside him , I could sense Logan 's rage carrying him onwards .
tr	10	But I am here to tell you the following bit of news .
tr	8	To her pilot , Bob Mathews , the little aircraft must have gone down like a bullet .
tr	9	Need to think about it .
tr	8	That was one of the Romanian 's specialities after all .
tr	9	" Total flight time : two hours , four minutes from takeoff , " added Jonesy .
tr	8	His voice rose as if he were suddenly interested .
tr	9	Takeo walked behind Connor casting a shadow of suspicion on his new opponent .
tr	6	' Last week as well , I 'm afraid , ' I murmured .
tr	6	" During the American Revolution , " Hale said , " there were but 64 warships in the Continental navy .
tr	5	The long corridors , the pier , the shoreline , the island and lighthouse and houses .
tr	10	" Aries says that the rest of his Highlanders are now inbound along with the Anvil battalion .
tr	11	What sort of man gives jewelry to a woman he didn 't like ?
tr	7	In space , Lance snaps out with his mind , grabs Warrior by the wings and stretches them out .
tr	9	We sat stunned for a second before scrambling for the doors .
tr	8	I have little choice in this matter , " Raiden explains coldly .
tr	10	I mean is he awake or still unconscious ? "
tr	10	You 'll do what you have to . "
tr	8	Eda kept her face turned , but after a few moments hesitation her head moved fractionally in an affirmative nod .
tr	10	" Look , " he called to Zoe from twenty feet below .
tr	9	Sophia had considered her a much better person than this .
tr	10	Do you know about that ? "
tr	7	Mr. Clancy assured them they would not .
tr	8	Connie and Joyce came in through the open holes where the windows had been .
tr	11	That 's all you need to do . "
tr	10	None of the survivors would be able to use their Imps .
tr	7	' I am Agent Petersen of Swiss Interpol .
tr	6	" So you are still proud , " the old man said with distaste .
tr	10	Tate forced a smile , tried to appear ignorantly innocent .
tr	7	Amanda had shot these two , and the whole time he hadn 't even fired a shot .
tr	9	Flaherty chuckled lightly as he and Goggles walked back to their company .
tr	9	To you and me . "
tr	10	We might not get a chance to use our guns again . "
tr	10	" Lucius said to bring you this -- he 's too busy crying like a baby . "
tr	6	" A person directing multiple human sims ... " said William .
tr	8	There were no waves , no boats , and no signs of life .
tr	6	My mother , father and their black Labrador , Rusty , all went through to the other side . "
tr	8	" He was super-strong ... He picked up a motorcycle with one hand ! "
tr	7	Called the attorney , but the number had been disconnected .
tr	10	' Tis an uncivilised emotion that grips you ; a kind of thrill . "
tr	5	Those people out there are depraved , desperate people . "
tr	10	I wish I could tell you more . "
tr	9	' And it was his seventeenth death at that , ' Anatole announced cheerfully in the silence that followed .
tr	5	Their names mean ' Thought ' and ' Memory . ' "
tr	6	You 're not saving them .
tr	9	As soon as they were out of the car they burst into conversation .
tr	8	He put the nametag paper back in and sighed before he straightened .
tr	7	I can bring this man to a hospital .
tr	8	I heard Zeal shout out .
tr	7	Are you gray or blue ? "
tr	10	Evidently she stores food somehow then eats that during the winter . "
tr	5	Not my parents , not my sister , and certainly not Billy , " she yelled .
tr	8	" Then I 'm okay " I said standing up and ... " Johnny ? "
tr	10	He had a self-assurance about him that made him attractive .
tr	8	He began to transform again .
tr	10	" I think I recognize a man like myself . "
tr	8	Besides , you 'd be proud of me .
tr	11	They were both dressed entirely in black their heads and faces covered in black balaclavas .
tr	7	" It 's all part of healthy development .
tr	9	" So how about we get this thing over with before you catch a cold ? "
tr	10	My neighbors see me only in summer time , and they know I came from Cyprus . "
tr	11	Jonas was surprised ; he couldn 't believe he had missed something .
tr	7	There will be no repercussions ; Harald will not care at all , and you may ask him . "
tr	10	Tom insisted Calvin plug the bass directly into the desk , bypassing his amp altogether .
tr	9	Everything was shades of green through the goggles as he peered between the dumpsters .
tr	8	That morning I woke to a noise near my head .
tr	9	You get used to the camaraderie ... ... ... the living on the edge .
tr	11	To know me better , somehow to try to change me .
tr	9	" My father will never understand , but I was with Link for a reason last night . "
tr	11	They kept on trying but they always end up a failure .
tr	10	Tied to the bed pulling at the restrains , she tried to move , but could not .
tr	8	I 'll probably bumble in and get us all killed .
tr	10	I guess it was left up to the cook .
tr	6	Psyche blew across the tip , set the chalk aside , then knocked three more balls into the pockets .
tr	8	Again , he sensed an urging in her total lack of tone , like a hint .
tr	11	I do hope you will accept .
tr	6	There were too many broken bones . "
tr	8	She lands roughly , in a pile of burning radioactive ash .
tr	9	Amy turned the chair to face her .
tr	9	" It is not a taste I have enjoyed . "
tr	11	" Do you think it is love ? "
tr	10	How good it is to see you !
tr	7	I know not the lands beyond the Barrier .
tr	9	The tomahawk struck the arm and in doing so , severed the fuel line for the flamethrower gauntlet .
tr	7	He 's very quiet about it all .
tr	8	Not that it 's any business of yours but I was laughing at the Ruskin quote . "
tr	9	His Goddess ' hair tumbles over his shoulder as she rests her head upon it .
tr	10	Harry looked out as they climbed higher and higher , clearing the mountains .
tr	7	She dropped it on the chair by the door and glanced around sadly at the living room .
tr	8	I wished it were that simple .
tr	5	# # # Three days later , Miriam leaves and my heart gets heavier .
tr	11	" Well , what I heard was that she had apparently been caught stealing .
tr	10	She looks away , her mouth agape trying to process this new information .
tr	6	" Damned insomnia , " he cursed under his breath .
tr	7	Roberto clenched his fists in anger but he could not show it .
tr	11	But even the ones who try to control themselves will slip occasionally .
tr	6	The dungeon couldn 't have grown .
tr	7	He grunted and pulled his trunk inside the pen and took her hat off with it .
tr	8	It travels the distance between her and the spinning casing in a microsecond .
tr	6	You 're out of the dungeon .
tr	10	Then he called me a fool and tried to ' ave a go at me . "
tr	9	Kurt looked out the window , watching the countryside pass by on their left .
tr	7	Lord Brogan sighed , shaking his head .
tr	6	" Nothing very much , " replied Lord Brogan .
tr	11	Was there a gaping hole in his side , a permanent wound that would not close ?
tr	11	An all month in Greece , on Crete island , I knew that , how I told the story of Icarus .
tr	9	There 's no reasoning with a dog protecting its own .
tr	7	" They 're coming for us ? "
tr	9	I forgot to tell you , I took a holiday from my work ... How have you been ? "
tr	9	" Sounds like you guys had too much fun for her to want her boring old Mummy .
tr	9	" You have to come with me ! "
tr	10	Of course , I agreed to become friends you guys and not a simple subject .
tr	9	Someone had made drawings of both units a long time ago and we always went by them to fix it .
tr	7	My journey has been short but most enlightening .
tr	8	When Calvin pulled alongside an old red brick building Austin knocked on an innocuous looking door .
tr	9	The stag didn 't move at the sound of her voice .
tr	5	" Oh , yes , each academy has a unique symbol .
tr	10	I wish I 'd thought of that .
tr	7	Malcolm found my hand and entwined his fingers with mine .
tr	8	He heard the sound of water as it gurgled nearby .
tr	10	I just want to go back to sleep .
tr	6	His eyes were obscured and therefore his expression was inscrutable .
tr	5	" Not as such - " " You broke the Law ? "
tr	11	I thought you meant to harm Carolyn . "
tr	9	Do you want anything ? "
tr	9	He senses a pair of eyes on him .
tr	9	His words seemed to come with difficulty .
tr	6	Don 't worry ... ... . .
tr	8	The wings caught the sunlight so the varicose stained-glass wings flashed purple and green and yellow .
tr	9	Her parents had gone through their own turmoil in the twenty years since she left home .
tr	6	" Keep sha - " Leo yelled but the wind shifted and cut off his words .
tr	5	" No , Jess , you 're not , " he assured her .
tr	7	" No milk , no cans of stuff ? "
tr	5	She is more beautiful up close .
tr	11	It was not his way for he needed neither to bolster his ego .
tr	9	He even looked in the doghouse a few times , but it appeared that his friend had gone .
tr	10	There are wolves ... spirits of the dead ... " Brand knew that Gunnar wanted the idol for himself .
tr	11	Knowing I have nowhere to go ? "
tr	7	Many hours later , he woke up and immediately bounded out of bed .
tr	10	The city looked very far away across the plain , farther than it had looked from the crag .
tr	10	I spoke out the corner of my mouth as Jolie advanced through the crowds , the cameras and press following him .
tr	10	The woman narrowed her eyes then glanced to her left and right and brought her face inches from mine .
tr	11	Lord Brogan thought he could hear a tinge of bashful confusion in her voice .
tr	11	You can create illusions of being bad boys , living outrageously without doing a thing .
tr	6	In the meantime , the crew filed into the galley for the evening meal .
tr	9	Abandoning all efforts at being quiet , she started running as fast as she could .
tr	6	" You 're not only the poster child , love , you wrote the book on the subject . "
tr	10	The guards who had been guarding the king clustered behind Machi in order to defend him .
tr	8	Sarah said as she sat down .
tr	7	I am shocked and appalled , " said 007 in mock horror , making Jenny laugh .
tr	11	It 's what I was born to do .
tr	6	Those grey eyes , always so cold and aloof or so plotting and curious , now only seemed soft and caring .
tr	8	" Effendi , they are still stopped and they are close , they could hear the engines if we continue .
tr	9	School systems became bloated bureaucracies more concerned with their own welfare and the education of children soon became a distant second .
tr	6	The door closed after us with an ominous hiss .
tr	8	" No time for me to tell .
tr	8	Never pass it to someone unless the safety is on .
tr	9	" ' Tis my turn I think . "
tr	10	he roared , spittle flying from his mouth and his eyes rolling madly in his head .
tr	9	He suddenly didn 't think he was so clever anymore .
tr	9	He was surprised there were no windows .
tr	10	Troops exchange tales , and I 'm informed about what my troops hear .
tr	7	That is how we met .
tr	7	Is there anything to eat ?
tr	7	" Oh no , Prince , I will be your mage , I will save you , not kill you ! "
tr	10	" They won 't know he 's telling the truth .
tr	7	You must be a foreigner ; your accent betrays you , sir .
tr	8	I took several deep breaths then summed up the previous evening .
tr	11	We 've only just returned from Rome -- king 's business you know .
tr	6	' You busted up my insurance , you busted up everyone 's lives .
tr	10	Was it possible that Miriam and Simon had gotten on board the Night Watchman Express ?
tr	5	Inside herself , as always , she burned tin and pewter .
tr	8	He was a stocky , darker man wearing kitchen whites .
tr	8	There 's no runoff into the water , so it 's wonderfully clean . "
tr	6	Moments later the earth erupted with smoke and sound at several points .
tr	10	" That 's good , because I don 't care about you .
tr	10	To keep his mind away from his aches and pains , Neil thought about Simon and how they had become friends .
tr	8	Only two options were left for her now : to die now or die later .
tr	9	They were all going to get rickets .
tr	8	To want for more is a fool 's endeavor .
tr	10	Claire pulled the rucksack closed and propped it against the wall .
tr	7	He wore the same black uniform as we did .
tr	10	I 'm all he has now .
tr	10	Pretending to help while hindering .
tr	9	You could even say that he 's quite sweet . "
tr	5	The old man 's death cry suddenly filled the forest .
tr	10	" You don 't look that old , " Jimmy said , echoing what the others were thinking .
tr	7	On the second floor not far from the sports hall stood his sports teacher .
tr	8	Once we 're with Simon , it shouldn 't be an issue until later .
tr	7	Would they build a stone wall like the others , or would they build something less challenging ?
tr	7	The first book in this collection , Fire , was released in May 2011 .
tr	5	After all , he is a half-breed . '
tr	11	Stories to Captivate the Imagination Welcome to the worlds of Saladin Ahmed A medieval physician asked to do the impossible .
tr	10	And all were now sleeping a deep , deep slumber in the diner , courtesy of Echo .
tr	8	Parts of the great hall had a light layer of snow about them , and the room was incredibly drafty .
tr	9	' She 's supposed to be mine .
tr	6	Sarah buttoned her sweater and rubbed her hands together .
tr	8	With half a smile , a mostly disbelieving twist of her lips , she studied it closer .
tr	7	Pretty sure you spit most of it all over my face . "
tr	7	That was one unhappy clown . "
tr	10	Yesterday I found out the bus is leaving at six . "
tr	8	This meal was a carnival for the senses with surprises and delights around every corner , with no end in sight .
tr	9	It could only be molded with absolute heat , and nothing less .
tr	7	The thought and images of Kayla pop into my head and my sexual desire for Mrs. Snow settles .
tr	5	Her mother , or presumably some other preternatural , was the only apparent antidote .
tr	7	The priest cast a sympathetic grimace on the innkeeper 's pain .
tr	10	I think $ 4,000 will be enough . "
tr	7	At least this time we know what the underlying secret is .
tr	5	" No , woman , I mean , he 's really delirious .
tr	6	That shut him up , but not Harley .
tr	7	Do you see him ? "
tr	6	Today , his expression is hard and unforgiving , the young prince replaced with a cold-blooded assassin .
tr	6	Miserable , Julia spent ( hiding , she knew ) , the whole day in her rooms .
tr	11	VIN had not even looked out at the vista while he completed his first spacewalk floating around outside .
tr	8	Steve , now only seconds behind , reacted to the dead end by instinctively applying the brakes .
tr	8	" Yes , and as far as they 're concerned , we 're none the wiser , " said Nathan .
tr	10	" But we need to rescue Mana as soon as possible ! "
tr	11	That had not changed as she 'd grown older .
tr	9	There was no room to turn the horses around right here .
tr	5	" Oh , we run , " the captain said offhandedly .
tr	6	" Can I help you ? "
tr	6	A crimson trail oozed from the gash on his head .
tr	8	What , when you have two professional guys tailing you ? "
tr	7	" Only God knows for certain , " he says .
tr	9	She said , " It 's nothing to worry about , I 'm sure .
tr	6	" He looks the same as before , " said Victoria .
tr	10	I wanted to start questioning him .
tr	11	They thought they were about to die .
tr	6	" Nothing 's really changed , " she said .
tr	11	" I hope you 're right about us , Pastor .
tr	8	Some low bushes , some kind of thistles , and a handful of cacti were all that he could see .
tr	10	But it was during those two years this story really gets interesting . "
tr	8	" He can 't have forgotten them all .
tr	10	We choose to stop this with you . "
tr	5	To his right , Johnny heard fumbled bass notes .
tr	8	" I 'm afraid , as of now , I can 't answer all your questions .
tr	9	I 'm going to go ahead .
tr	6	' You two , get in the car . '
tr	8	" I knew he was okay . "
tr	9	I walked up and gave him a big sisterly headlock -- - extra hard .
tr	8	Just because they treat me like an animal didn 't mean I no longer understand human speech .
tr	10	I walked to the other side of the room and started to feel gently along the granite blocks .
tr	7	He put his feet up on the coffee table and pulled out his mobile phone .
tr	9	Simon thought back to the time when Inspector Lau picked him up from school .
tr	9	Joshua was breathless , " That 's all of them that I can see , the other end is clear .
tr	8	That was how he imagined it , at least .
tr	8	His face was plastered over every spare surface , and beside it was Elaina 's .
tr	10	And with his hand Michael began to coax the cloud towards the window .
tr	5	" Stop being ... so god damn adorable . "
tr	6	Roast turkey , a separate pan of walnut stuffing , bread pudding .
tr	9	* * * I wake up on the roof and notice my gloves are gone .
tr	7	" Something 's fishy about this , " Mai absently responds .
tr	5	In their minds you 're the villain here , Chuck . "
tr	7	I said , meeting her tortured gaze .
tr	6	" And , sometimes , little Izzy , " he said against her ear , " we entice .
tr	8	Ireland had a nuclear bomb dropped on it ? "
tr	11	It would roast the girl and the meddling agent , then see how the man of stone and water liked fire .
tr	7	" Come on Sky , I 'll race you to the coffee shop . "
tr	11	Alfred held Victoria by the arm , letting the group pass and get ahead of them .
tr	7	once again but this time to his right , off of the road .
tr	5	" But that was not the whole reason ? "
tr	5	Sic , sic , sic .
tr	7	He felt a hand on his shoulder and wrenched away from the touch .
tr	5	Mark 's face suddenly became very serious .
tr	10	The C-5 climbed in spirals , gaining altitude while her two pilots monitored every necessary detail .
tr	7	" Watch , I 'll get you another ! "
tr	9	' Your men will just have to be extra careful .
tr	9	Alejo remained silent , removing his gaze from his mother and sister and folding his arms across his chest .
tr	10	" I 'll stop if you 'll answer my question . "
tr	9	Instead I 'd let her distract me and had focused on my problems .
tr	7	It looked eerie in the low light and Soul slid back a step with a pit in her stomach .
tr	10	" It also helps us monitor his vitals , location , etc. , " said William .
tr	6	Everything Simon had known , his loving parents , his family , his world , drifted away .
tr	6	' Thanks , boss , ' muttered the Bastian driver .
tr	8	I knew they were untied .
tr	8	He hadn 't lost any teeth and once in a while one could get lucky and flash a charming smile .
tr	9	Ben raised one eyebrow and said sarcastically , " Well , at least he asked for something easy . "
tr	9	She waved her hand around the room to indicate the cottage and the barn .
tr	11	he asked , forcing his voice to come out even .
tr	8	" Jimmy , I saw a bear walking with a deer ! "
tr	6	Instead , I pull myself up , gripping now the inside frame of the door .
tr	5	" What are you talking about ? "
tr	5	" Rolf , Lyall , Randall , Arno , this is Dimitri .
tr	10	' Make sure you laugh at each other too .
tr	6	Here on the beach ? "
tr	8	Unfortunately , the brief glimpse of a nightmare remains solely where he revealed it .
tr	9	His energy is all jumpy and exhausted , muddled blue with too much brown mixed in .
tr	10	Nuru released an unearthly scream and I heard his rage within it , he must have realised that Adam was here .
tr	11	Mr. Long chuckled as he bent over to pick up the Spear .
tr	9	Susan leaned her forehead against the cool steel of the door and chuckled .
tr	7	" Why must you smirk at me like that ? "
tr	6	Dark eyes sit under thick black brows .
tr	10	I was going over the cliff edge ... the cliff edge that perched 1500 feet above the world .
tr	8	A Senator 's house who 's husband is in the Goon Squad .
tr	11	He 's either going to be picked up or he 'll take a bus .
tr	9	" Was that not what you were speaking of , Finn ? "
tr	9	When there was no more glow from the others ' lighter Kevin switched on the flashlight .
tr	7	Sometimes you hear some good advice and miffed comments , everybody thinks about their own business .
tr	9	He bet to himself the one on the right would win .
tr	7	" As your official Spy Games mentor , I 'm responsible for your safety .
tr	10	There was nowhere else he could be light .
tr	6	" So , God and politics are powerful , but as always , money rules the world . "
tr	5	The clicking noise was my open window .
tr	11	Even then the snake didn 't stir but just lay there under the wall looking parched .
tr	5	" The Zimmerman family stock is all quite restricted .
tr	10	The Army was not to be used against the civilian population ever again .
tr	5	" We can 't , " explained Nathan .
tr	10	" Who was the old guy you were talking to ? "
tr	9	Just before we make it back to the motel , I find a stray cat wandering the empty streets .
tr	8	After she left them she gagged up more saliva scented with the oil of Snake at the entrance to her nest .
tr	8	Wolf Eyes charged by the people inside the mouth of the cave .
tr	9	His eyebrows rose when he stopped beside me .
tr	10	It has to be 90 degrees in here .
tr	7	Breakfast will be on the table shortly . "
tr	11	She did want to go inside .
tr	10	Scott shook his head slowly as he picked up the litter and tossed it back in the drum .
tr	8	The guards were looking at her nervously , but they were not aggressive in any way .
tr	11	" Yes , we heard that a lot of peeps were playing the rage and anger game for a while .
tr	9	" I 'll leave it in the safe as soon as my itchy feeling disappears . "
tr	11	The harder part is deciding where to put everyone else . "
tr	9	That was no way to make detective .
tr	9	A swish of fabric drew her attention to the tiny Quechua lady at her side , holding a tray of empanadas .
tr	9	She knew that up till now it had been easy .
tr	8	The coyote wiggled free then scooted away from her only to yip happily then rush back for more .
tr	10	He began to trot at a pace faster than walking .
tr	7	Arriving at the hotel Barbara checked into a single room and Katherine and Amy a twin .
tr	10	John duly nodded his head and called Terry telling him to withdraw .
tr	8	I cut in line behind a woman with a skirt the size of my uncle 's pole barn .
tr	8	I would take naught for granted . "
tr	6	She flung her arms around my neck .
tr	7	Hands covered in paper-thin skin and fine spidery veins touched the photograph .
tr	7	Roberto saw the change , stopped her , and lifted her chin with a finger .
tr	11	" Do you have time in your precious schedule to protect Ayla ? "
tr	7	Miriam asked , following obediently .
tr	7	He broke into his introduction tone and Andre 's face flashed on the giant screen .
tr	6	ABOUT THE SERIES CREATOR AND AUTHOR Wendell ( Dell ) Sweet wrote his first fiction at age seventeen .
tr	10	We need to know what happened .
tr	10	He was obviously unsure of how to proceed .
tr	5	Robert Stanton , Chief of Science and Technology Directorate . '
tr	5	In most ways , his life was back to , well , not normal .
tr	10	" I 'd kiss you until you couldn 't breathe and your lips turned raw . "
tr	8	Hailey watched and absorbed the cadence of her dance .
tr	8	He reached inside his backpack and brought out a slim , rectangular block of C4 explosive .
tr	7	As he departed , Vain called after him , " Wait , " but he kept walking .
tr	10	Ryan asked the scientist who smiled back at Ryan .
tr	8	" Do they know about today ? "
tr	8	" In the spirit of cooperation , I recommend we begin by exchanging prisoners . "
tr	9	" I 'm here to bear you a Summons . "
tr	5	' Yes , there is your other worldly Tori Amos wannabe fashion statment .
tr	10	Many people started to speak at once , but Clarence Anderson stood and the room became still .
tr	8	We 're the exception to his rule that all Exiles are bad .
tr	9	The entire temple shakes far more violently , the earthquake nearly throwing Rift from his lofty position .
tr	9	He shook his head and dispelled these thoughts ; he needed to see Mother .
tr	9	Scanning the room Amy checked for contenders or girlfriends he might have .
tr	8	" May I finish wrapping Mother 's present now ? "
tr	5	" Regardless , I took his chiding hard .
tr	10	She was being held captive by a group of Muslims .
tr	5	" No , you 're not , " she told her .
tr	6	What can be so terrible ?
tr	11	John stood up and shouted ' do you understand me soldier ? '
tr	11	I didn 't know whether to be furious , happy , or sad .
tr	9	" Great goodness , you intend to argue with me ! "
tr	9	She had to hold on to the desk to stop herself falling .
tr	11	" Now listen here , " he growled , swiping at a drop of sweat about to run into his eye .
tr	7	" Why are you lying to me Abby ? "
tr	11	She was terrified they might have heard more news .
tr	5	" ' Tis much darker now . "
tr	8	" You 're pretty handy at that first aid thing , " Claire said .
tr	9	Trying to calm myself , I took a long moment to breathe the crisp air around us .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	5	" In the ruin , over there , " I told Tolliver .
tr	6	We prayed for you so much .
tr	10	The song is playing , always playing , but now it seems to be encouraging me .
tr	10	He thought about bolting , but figured that would be suspicious .
tr	10	The man had then smiled as if he was telling a joke .
tr	6	He straightened up again and the dizziness was gone .
tr	9	Do not be fooled by the lightheadedness you feel in these spaces .
tr	10	" You have to let me come , Mom , " he said .
tr	8	Never in my life had I seen such breath-taking beauty .
tr	6	A fan , and yet this is thy work , " Tiamat replied with a laugh .
tr	9	Her blue eyes , even from this distance , glimmered with a light he could not describe .
tr	7	I went to the toilette and took a seat on .
tr	7	They weren 't annoying , shabby window-dressing for the city .
tr	9	" Gus , what 's going on out there ? "
tr	6	Everything in Mihai tensed and clenched and froze , his heartbeat , his breath , his sore and dwindling hope .
tr	7	Malcolm 's warm hand pulled me forward , and I stumbled in the dark .
tr	6	" I would love that . "
tr	7	He was sure of it .
tr	11	" Save the people he 's got trapped , if we can .
tr	7	I 'd better get going .
tr	6	She had high red shoes , bright red nails and red lips .
tr	9	We 'll have a news leak soon if someone slips up .
tr	10	" Sorry , " she shrugs with a familiar arrogance , leaping to his pillar of choice .
tr	6	I 'm not a ghost , " Jacob said .
tr	5	Unless -- " My whole body flashed hot and cold all over again .
tr	9	He was nearly exhausted , running for long stretches at a time .
tr	8	The big gypsy stood at the end of the bed eying David .
tr	10	Just because she knew that he was there .
tr	11	Your dad would regularly send postcards from locations where he was staying .
tr	8	There on the front steps stood an extraordinarily beautiful young woman together with an extremely distinguished looking holy man .
tr	9	He averted it a shade too late , but held his ground with nervous defiance as Gan approached him .
tr	9	Echo didn 't flinch , he was too intent on making the psychic connection .
tr	8	The other man froze , one bare leg sticking out of the trousers .
tr	9	Do you not think that your father is right ? "
tr	9	Tourists brushed past us to enter the old church , but I wasn 't ready .
tr	5	" Yes , the ship 's name is ' Destiny ' . "
tr	7	The data management within the scanner is a bit cumbersome , " Farmer suggested .
tr	7	Even if it was a trap . "
tr	6	She released me and noticed Malcolm .
tr	10	The danger had passed and there was much to tell , and much to explain .
tr	11	Their progress was slow , yet they had managed to avoid all but two patrols .
tr	11	Graham explained the phone call he had received .
tr	9	I thought I was doing okay .
tr	9	Do I have time ? "
tr	9	By the time he gets here , will you have the rest of the information ?
tr	8	Valerian cast his from his to sprawl on the floor .
tr	11	-- Anonymous To Del and John Patrick , who were both born with the right spirit .
tr	6	Still wan na try ? "
tr	7	As their fountains dried up , so too did their generosity and kind nature .
tr	5	As a well-groomed and articulate speaker , people listened .
tr	8	Since the Army incursion and shooting of civilians the shelter had been emptied and its occupants moved .
tr	8	Cade was there , as always , laying out his bed in the twilight .
tr	11	" We would have never met if it was not for the ransom . "
tr	6	" Once upon a peculiar time , in a forest deep and ancient , there roamed a great many animals .
tr	6	It sounded good but just too utopian .
tr	9	" You are at minimum altitude , forty miles and your speed is still too high , " said ground control .
tr	6	I wiped the crusty blood from my face with a tattered sleeve .
tr	7	He smiled in return and shook hands with the others .
tr	8	She hadn 't heard of a YHA manager doing that before .
tr	9	Together , the two sprinted to the edge of the scaffold and dove into the crowd , weapons slashing .
tr	8	Strangely , it was already night but the sisters felt no fatigue whatsoever .
tr	6	" Oh be nice , " Lance declares whimsically over the speakers .
tr	5	And then a third voice , high and raw , screeched , " Silence . "
tr	8	A shrunken head about the size of a grapefruit hangs from the ceiling by its dry black hair .
tr	6	Look at the men . "
tr	6	" Actually , I 've taken two courses online . "
tr	9	" There is no try , only do , " said 007 .
tr	11	Ganondorf 's eyelid descends and the feeling of pelting rain fades as his body is overwhelmed with warmth .
tr	9	For his part , the Courtier ahead continued to glance over his shoulder , panic evident on his face .
tr	5	In fact , you need a long bath . "
tr	7	and stared angrily , awaiting an answer .
tr	8	He had deserved what happened .
tr	11	Another couple who didn 't know why they were here .
tr	7	Sebastian came closer and touched her cheek and with two or three strokes he had cleaned her face .
tr	7	I never wanted to leave .
tr	6	" Oh , how lovely of you . "
tr	11	" Can you give the rest of us a briefing on what 's going on inside CIA ? "
tr	9	" Human lives were at stake ; they had to be protected .
tr	8	He clapped a hand on Gan 's shoulder , directing his next words into the night .
tr	9	" When mum gave me power of attorney she was completely normal and made the decision herself .
tr	11	And how much positive energy had gone up in smoke as a result of that decision !
tr	8	Chris knew it was pretty lame .
tr	7	" I 've always been a professional , " said Maggie , moving from foot to foot .
tr	10	He just hoped that someday was other than today .
tr	9	He seemed ugly as his eyes ran hungrily over her body .
tr	6	" Can you handle four more ? "
tr	9	Then , just as she started opening the door , she turned around and sadly looked at Simon .
tr	8	My feet shifted into the starting stance of kendo .
tr	9	After showering and dressed in a simple khaki cotton dress she called the security firm from her room .
tr	9	" Great - " " - Find me a old friend and I 'll cut them a break . "
tr	8	Don 't they still claim we owe them money ? "
tr	9	Stalin felt as though the flaming arrow of Cupid had pierced his chest .
tr	7	" Listen to me , ' my good man ' !
tr	11	You may not get another chance to see him play .
tr	7	I stepped over the railing and took a cautious step towards it .
tr	8	The King demanded a celebration once the land had recovered .
tr	7	I 'll do better this time , I swear . "
tr	7	Your sister 's loss and your grandmother 's death were a tragedy , but neither were your fault . "
tr	8	The other three waited for a signal to launch the attack .
tr	10	This had gone far too easy , even for his stone soldiers .
tr	8	The travelling she was able to do ... .
tr	8	" Well when you say it like that , it sounds kind of thoughtless . "
tr	7	Gabe takes another long sip of his beer .
tr	11	Dougal had to help rip her free .
tr	7	She 'll have lunch ready for us . "
tr	10	The initial thought was to simply create new counties out of the territory , but Harold thought wiser minds prevailed .
tr	9	I pushed onto my knees and squinted up at him through the glare of the setting sun .
tr	9	But now they 're ... different ?
tr	6	" I met your daddy in Trig and fall in love , instantly , at first sight .
tr	8	Then they left the path and climbed a hill to higher ground and made camp for the night .
tr	7	There were six males and six females , all perfectly presented and impeccably dressed .
tr	9	I just didn 't want you to forget that . "
tr	9	Make sure he was real .
tr	7	' If the band 's sorted will you show them to the stage ? '
tr	6	" Sorry , Phlegm , but the Empress wants you alive .
tr	7	The voice echoing in the empty room didn 't sound like hers at all .
tr	11	" What makes you think we could ?
tr	10	Not sure that would be enough for me .
tr	6	" Killing you is just a small bonus in my goal , insignificant to my greater plan . "
tr	11	She waited for a moment , in case he had something else .
tr	10	When our father is free and returns , there will be nothing you or your fellow Travellers can do .
tr	6	" Then perhaps the key isn 't the deceased , " Ethan said , " but the missing . "
tr	7	Sleeping quarters were established and stores of medical equipment , weapons , ammunition and food were at reasonable levels .
tr	9	To run away , search for Mom , or to go get Dad .
tr	7	I was struck again by her drive .
tr	6	Two months later she became sick with morning sickness .
tr	8	He scampered down the steps and greeted them with a grin , " Hi !
tr	6	After a long hot shower , I met Atticus at the obstacle course .
tr	8	Then he stuck it in the receptacle and now the ship is powering up , " the technician explains with disbelief .
tr	7	I repeat , please -- " " Hey , OK , OK , take it easy !
tr	10	You 're my sister , and I 'm going to protect you .
tr	9	He began to feel the heat from the flames .
tr	10	I hope I don 't disturb your morning , " Jess said .
tr	5	" Oh , then yes , we 're rich . "
tr	9	He bore a present wrapped in colorful paper .
tr	10	He beat against my saber , each blow a ringing swipe that set my hands to shaking .
tr	6	Each hunter also carried a tomahawk and a stone butcher knife .
tr	7	" Don 't tell your mother , but I 'm usually at the library . "
tr	10	She made a weak gesture to indicate the confines of her room .
tr	8	" This won 't create much of a stir .
tr	11	" Mike told me you guys were going through a rough patch , " he admitted .
tr	6	" Looks that way , but why ? "
tr	7	" Yeah , in 10 minutes I 'll be at the hotel . "
tr	6	A bushy tailed squirrel rushed up a nearby pine tree , found a limb , and held its breath .
tr	11	They were comfortable in the spot they had chosen .
tr	7	" Major , " Herman interrupted the conversation with Jess .
tr	6	You look so beautiful , Sofia , " he said and smiled .
tr	9	" It 's never going to happen , " he repeated .
tr	8	Rick watched her walk away .
tr	9	The highways were totally clogged as they approached the West Virginia border .
tr	7	After thinking a moment , he carried the glass to the laundry room .
tr	7	The sight of all that money was so very tempting , but ... " What about Angelique and the captain ? "
tr	7	" Still , let 's do what we can .
tr	8	He 'll come after her again and by then she 'll be strong .
tr	9	They stretched their legs and began to pick up the birds .
tr	7	Bend , hero , " She leaned forward and pressed her lips to my brow , again like a mother .
tr	5	' No , nothing here th -- no , wait ! '
tr	9	" Where did you think we had gone ? "
tr	10	We didn 't say much on the ride underground per Malcolm 's orders .
tr	6	From the very beginning I watched you : grade school , vacations , chicken pox , girls , and law school .
tr	9	Strauss had forwarded the email to a third party on a separate server .
tr	7	Taylor leaned over the counter and kissed Mary on the cheek .
tr	8	She had been watering the potted Fuchsia and seen the entire scene develop .
tr	6	PayPal sends me a cashier 's check .
tr	7	They 're still a few miles away ... I can barely feel them ... but they 're coming quickly . "
tr	7	I demand you release them .
tr	10	The first four gunships arrived after only a few minutes and settled approximately one hundred meters from where the company waited .
tr	8	Before a plan had emerged , the lock on the door recoiled with a loud echoing flick of metal on metal .
tr	7	A drawing room occupied half the width of the apartment .
tr	7	The boy stopped by , raising a quizzical brow and inquired , " What ? "
tr	7	No one had seen him out here vomiting .
tr	6	Instead , the young woman only said , " We 're not damned just yet . "
tr	10	He stood for a moment , arms hanging loosely at his sides .
tr	10	Suddenly it turned outwards and the blast hit the wall of the crater several feet away .
tr	6	Slowly and quietly he followed the trail away from the house .
tr	5	" Oh , well , nothing specifically I guess ... " replied Pierce awkwardly .
tr	11	And may I do say that is an extremely fitting and lovely name for you . "
tr	11	" This is the first time I 've been to Northgate . "
tr	6	" My girls , I only got two , you , and the ship . "
tr	8	" You know , this little fellow reminds me of a passage in the Bible . "
tr	11	Ashlyn realized she wanted to understand Maddox .
tr	9	Where she wasn 't in any danger , and she couldn 't ogle him any further .
tr	8	" Give it back to me and I 'll do it right now , " Andy said .
tr	9	They would both miss the other a lot and they were doing all of their summer talks at once .
tr	7	The drip grew louder , followed by a trickle .
tr	10	Parnell gazed out the armored windows of the limo at the pedestrians who ignored his motorcade .
tr	7	I motioned to the frosting , mentioned Jolie 's name , and pointed into the bakery .
tr	5	© 2011 , Paizo Publishing , LLC ; Author : Paizo Publishing , LLC .
tr	8	She groaned , rubbing her eyes with balled fists .
tr	11	It helped her walk more steadily to have support .
tr	9	He nodded as he joined the circle and opened his mouth .
tr	7	For a moment I am hurtling through the air .
tr	9	And damaged his knuckles while pushing your face into them . "
tr	7	Josie quietly sat up in her tent and folded back her sleeping bag .
tr	7	You have all signed the company 's official confidentiality agreement in your employment contracts .
tr	11	Though Arthur asked , the man couldn 't answer , not sure whether they 'd taken any or not .
tr	11	Amanda pulled for shore to join them .
tr	9	Especially my stupid mouth that suddenly opens and lets my whole world spill out .
tr	6	" Not funny , " Rift retorts with a casual breath .
tr	8	The outfit was complete with a black jacket , bow tie and shiny black shoes .
tr	6	What kind of name is that ? "
tr	7	I was uneasy , not due to their approach , but because of their swift appearance .
tr	9	The Daemon 's arm rose again , and the Prince and the Kindred charged forward , joining in the battle .
tr	8	" It took my dad and four of his friends just to move it .
tr	10	Being French he might have wanted to undress her .
tr	8	Alejo 's father turned to face his son squarely .
tr	5	Little Spirit aren 't even the headline act here .
tr	5	Now , shall we share some food and drink ? "
tr	10	We do not know what will confront us .
tr	6	" I say , " said a startled Sir Rupert , " I say , I say . "
tr	6	His scaled horse flicked its forked tongue , its hooves and scaly tail digging grooves into the muddy ground .
tr	10	Adele stood , brushing a few lingering crumbs from the fabric of her cloak .
tr	7	When you 're back we 'll move out . "
tr	8	" It 's a linen room ... and the way to the attic . "
tr	10	Machi , if that was the fellow 's name , barked something to the other guards and they all trooped upstairs .
tr	7	" They 're without many trained technicians and electricians , and of course replacement parts are an issue . "
tr	8	What kind of sacrifice has he pledged to commit ?
tr	10	Malcolm was leaning against a lamppost with his legs crossed , so casual and relaxed .
tr	7	Although tired we carried them weak and exhausted after the last encounter .
tr	8	Anyone who sees us would remember . "
tr	6	He 's still doing it too .
tr	11	" What , you think I don 't know where you go ?
tr	9	The smells of the forest are sifted through like trash concealing a buried treasure .
tr	11	He had heard of people drowning in flash floods and he remembered that now .
tr	10	A dilemma that never would have bothered her before .
tr	6	" Of course you can have the bed .
tr	7	" Ok , " Taylor interrupted her , " but people don 't usually do that .
tr	9	The thick brown leather cover was intricately carved all over with mementos of childhood and play .
tr	7	" Not on a basic level , no , not as long as you can both work this out together .
tr	10	He did not want to think about it .
tr	6	" Of course you don 't , " I pushed past him with a loud snort .
tr	7	A perfect kill shot , directly over the heart .
tr	9	" I 'm very sorry but they didn 't know who you were . "
tr	9	She started to dial Mason , but before she could finish , her phone rang .
tr	7	With a cry of pain , Tarleton ripped his finger away leaving the skin adhering to the metal .
tr	7	" I see you , " Ganondorf states slowly in a voice not his own .
tr	9	Reid cursed as he slammed into the door .
tr	7	Cletus suddenly grabbed Josie around the waist and pulled her in close .
tr	9	Delighted to be of assistance .
tr	6	Even without the elongated muzzle or sharp fangs , she 'd recognized that rude grin !
tr	10	Listen , we are going to be a little late .
tr	8	" Traditions , meeting with friends and family that is the joi de vive .
tr	6	" Okay , fine Sir , at your signal , we shall begin , " he uttered with nervous excitement .
tr	11	Do you think I can ? "
tr	8	Be sitting ducks out there on that open bridge . "
tr	10	" She 's a big girl and she 's been surviving just fine for a long time .
tr	8	Zeal stood to re-enact the event .
tr	8	" Did I say restaurant ?
tr	10	" We kill members of other clans on sight " George replied .
tr	10	I nodded , pretending to be grateful .
tr	6	The next few days , I went about my masonry work .
tr	10	" Outside , getting ready for the trip to London . "
tr	11	All he had to do now was wait .
tr	9	" You can 't possibly believe I wanted that witch . "
tr	5	Now and then the subject morbidly fascinated him , perhaps because of his own problem .
tr	8	After thinking about it for a moment , Chris nodded .
tr	11	Perhaps other more capable hands should take over that responsibility for the welfare of all concerned .
tr	11	" We told them everything we know , " Susan said .
tr	11	It was the end of the best cover they would have .
tr	10	" Philips tabled the discussion until the next meeting , but the proposal appears to be gathering steam . "
tr	7	He could change his physical form , but clothes needed cleaning .
tr	7	My world had gone topsy-turvy .
tr	8	He bore down on the last word in a final small-minded swipe .
tr	6	" As you command , " Gwendolyn replies with a knowing smirk .
tr	6	" And besides , good old Ethan 's already told me his story . "
tr	8	Her words were barely audible but they twisted like a corkscrew into Claire 's ribcage .
tr	6	Oddly , the risk of imminent death only made the spectacle even more beautiful .
tr	10	He told her she needed to sleep .
tr	8	" And what of Captain Erik and the rest of the River Guard ? "
tr	9	Scott sighed then turned to see his brother standing on the office porch .
tr	6	Thankfully , in Ted 's world , dead is still very much dead .
tr	6	As I watched , he drew a long , heavy saber from the scabbard at his hip .
tr	8	With one last grunt and glare at Aimee , he strode away .
tr	8	I said to her a little embarrassed .
tr	9	Michael would see Shakespeare and his characters literally everywhere he went .
tr	6	I am shivering , still sweating .
tr	7	But there are others close by . '
tr	10	Your commentary makes more sense than the surprisingly cogent political structure governing the succession of ancient Sumerian city-state rulers .
tr	7	" Your suggestion to offer amnesty , removing the death penalty for treason , shook a lot loose .
tr	9	He grabbed what he needed and headed for the shower .
tr	7	With a short tree branch in his hand , Atticus charged at me .
tr	5	" So , Dr. Whitney , your father obviously enhanced you too . "
tr	8	Flaherty had nothing to say .
tr	9	A pair of young women jogged by , smiling at her as they passed .
tr	8	He reached down and grabbed the small backpack at his feet and stood up .
tr	9	Would I be able to walk home ?
tr	8	' You 're bleeding , ' he said , glancing at my hand .
tr	10	I looked up and saw who was dragging me .
tr	6	asked Jennie hoping she sounded chatty and friendly .
tr	6	All too soon , he pulls out , and stands up , removes the condom and cleans himself up .
tr	6	The Abbess leaned forward , her twisted fingers drawn into pained fists .
tr	7	" And who else would she mean ! "
tr	7	repeated Adele , suddenly finding her voice .
tr	7	The two men entered the side door of the Gordo 's .
tr	6	Why didn 't you tell me ? "
tr	8	They had purchased a lot of food .
tr	11	I want to live to spend my share .
tr	7	" I wouldn 't know , " She replied indignantly , " it doesn 't really matter , he loves me .
tr	6	Some were familiar , including oranges , lemons , bananas , plums , apricots , apples , pears , and kiwis .
tr	10	" That 's something else that we are not entirely sure of .
tr	10	Then I went looking for the giant washing machines again .
tr	10	" Why don 't you girls get in bed so we can get up early ? "
tr	8	Reid glanced from the bubbles in the flute to the bottle .
tr	7	The Prince retraced his steps and made his way back onto the boulevard .
tr	11	I looked at Marie and stared back at the cottage in front of me .
tr	9	" Want to keep going ?
tr	10	I stopped trying to pull away .
tr	11	Praying for guidance , for relief from pain , for hope that her boy was alive .
tr	10	He had a full head of wavy brown hair that was slowly turning grey .
tr	9	If you hadn 't accidentally touched my face with the petals , you 'd have -- why did you do it ?
tr	9	I want to speak with the sheriff .
tr	11	Claire automatically smiled back although she had no idea who the man was .
tr	8	I am a War Healer , not to be harmed ! "
tr	8	The two Stevens looked at each other for a moment and then turned and ran after Jeff and the Captain .
tr	9	Malcolm flashed a wry grin , like he didn 't believe me .
tr	9	' It doesn 't appear on any maps of the area .
tr	11	Only then did Chris turn away to glance at what he 'd looked at earlier .
tr	6	Right on his heels came Arthur Cobb , looking quite smarmy this evening .
tr	9	Lilly Ann sat on the side of the bed and pulled Taylor 's feet into her lap .
tr	9	I could see it before it happened , but my warning came too late .
tr	7	He bit his lower lip and stared at it .
tr	11	Billy would have it staked out until he found his missing staff master .
tr	5	The gold and red seal still intact , covering the cap at the top .
tr	8	The tips of my fingers brushed against his when I accepted the glass .
tr	7	A little wind power and little water power backed up by an old generator kept the place going .
tr	6	She practically jumped out of her skin .
tr	8	Then suddenly Sophia noticed their unpleasant table companion playing cards with a number of junior officers from the Captain 's staff .
tr	7	He put the windows down in the hot air and pushed the old canvas top back .
tr	8	He could hear footsteps on bare timber boards and some ancient hinges protest as a door opened .
tr	11	He couldn 't believe what he 'd just said to her .
tr	9	Her fate would lead to death if he did not intervene .
tr	8	" Come , I 'll show you your room , " the woman declared and led them upstairs .
tr	10	We 'd rather foolishly lied about our ages to get into the action .
tr	10	I reached into my pocket and removed the picture the retired teacher had given me .
tr	5	The penetrating , dark eyed stare roamed over him swiftly .
tr	9	But from the sound of repeated cursing and moaning above us , I feared the worst .
tr	9	A third one pulled a German longsword from beneath his coat and turned to face me .
tr	8	" May I assist you ? "
tr	7	With each new insight I learned , I stole a portion of energy from the inn into myself like a sponge .
tr	10	" Mum , what aren 't you telling me ? "
tr	6	He lifted my head and sloshed water down my throat .
tr	6	" Setting up the fireworks tonight , nerd , " Ryder said .
tr	6	well , well , well , a metamorphosis and a dead vampire al in one night .
tr	9	William noticed the router name in the study had been changed .
tr	6	" Fuck him up , " Jason cries to his warriors .
tr	8	Before making the journey across the Caribbean , we needed to top off our water tanks .
tr	11	" I don 't know how to give this news to you . "
tr	6	The sweet , biscuity smell of the spray tan filled the air .
tr	5	Even in this seeming chaos , however , there is order .
tr	6	Mona , taking up the rear , shuffles her feet and grumbles with each step .
tr	7	Sometimes she was so angry with him , she forgot just how gorgeous he was .
tr	8	I hope you 're right .
tr	8	I would rather stop a locomotive with my bare hands than cross this scarred Frenchman .
tr	6	A low growl rolled down the hill , a warning and a triumph .
tr	8	" What is that you keep calling me ? "
tr	9	he thought , " it 's just rumor , propaganda ... ... .
tr	7	Aria asks rubbing her face .
tr	7	Damn ... She 's an agent and she was so cute .
tr	9	Josie turned to look at Jimmy .
tr	8	Ted could hear Joe losing ground .
tr	10	After your fall , the both of you were taken to a hospital to get fixed up !
tr	9	" You said we couldn 't get out . "
tr	6	No he won 't , " the Prince said to himself .
tr	9	She 's still that way , and for now , I try to accommodate her .
tr	8	He glanced at me and nodded once , the Glock gripped tightly in his hands .
tr	7	The wooded acres and their softly shadowed depths behind the house could not offer Matthew solace either .
tr	10	He jumped up and ran around the table to pat her on the back .
tr	7	" If only I had known , " she lamented with a laugh .
tr	11	Missy pulled out a chain from around her neck on which hung two very distinctive keys .
tr	6	Five years I stayed in this hell hole .
tr	11	I mean to not attempt to save her .
tr	9	His business ventures spread across Canada , parts of Central America and Europe .
tr	7	And don 't eat me tea no more . "
tr	9	He stumbled over another body , face down in the snow , tripped but carried on .
tr	8	The cook baked special biscuits in the hopes that it would help .
tr	10	" You are under some kind of spell and I 'm going to break it ! "
tr	7	Henri thrashed amid his sheets , terror etched like tragic art across his weeping face .
tr	10	" We don 't have time to talk about this here on the street . "
tr	9	The words that sprang into her throat were the obvious ones -- How ?
tr	7	Roberto himself had problems of his own .
tr	8	If the Empress thought him ready , then he was ready .
tr	5	" That is not your biggest concern though ? "
tr	6	I couldn 't tell , so I changed the subject .
tr	9	They might even send men to hunt her .
tr	11	His forearms seemed to be the size of a ship 's mast .
tr	9	How I lasted until then , I was not sure myself ; the details were more than a little hazy .
tr	5	' Very ratty places , boats , ' he added , approvingly .
tr	5	" And then , on your second leave , I was even more sure .
tr	6	Chapter Two A persistent ringing brought me out of a deep sleep .
tr	7	Not an indestructible machine or a masterful swordsman , but an undead warrior with an eternal grudge .
tr	10	The three foreign men were ignoring Archie and staring at Andy in stunned silence .
tr	8	" What is that supposed to mean ? "
tr	10	" Only if you want to tell , " he replied nonchalantly .
tr	9	You know , even where I came from not everyone is as stubborn as I was . "
tr	8	But it was not a career she wanted .
tr	8	" May I ask you a question , Lilly , " he eased himself into uncharted waters .
tr	8	Today I think back to the many days and weeks we walked through the grassy plains of Africa .
tr	8	" Stop that , now , you thieving varmint ! "
tr	7	And ... they know where all your families live . "
tr	8	My heart began to pump faster .
tr	11	I 'll let her see behind the scenes if you two want . "
tr	10	I 'm surprised you made it this far , " she chuckles , remaining in her relaxed position .
tr	9	Stop making this about me .
tr	10	' I 'm going to be fine , ' I said more firmly .
tr	10	The Prince saw again the manic glint in the young man 's eye , a look of demented excitement .
tr	6	Some of us still use it . "
tr	7	A quick glance down at Neal 's legs revealed the contours of an athlete .
tr	7	Sadie , in her way , consoled her and then turned and came to my side .
tr	6	Though thankfully , Rob , Matthew , Johnnie , Tim and Lieutenant Evans were still with us .
tr	11	" We must hire a governess to take care of her . "
tr	9	I wasn 't thinking of taking action .
tr	10	It was quite a long time since he had fought with a large Horde .
tr	9	Do you believe her ? "
tr	10	I couldn 't even hold his hands because they were tied up .
tr	9	Just as Alex moved to follow , a huge crash sounded behind him .
tr	9	" It seems those guards didn 't shoot well enough , huh ? "
tr	6	With a second 's contact , an uncomfortable current pulsed through my fingertips , like an electric shock .
tr	11	She seemed to remember it being on her reading list at university .
tr	7	I dragged the guard 's arms behind his back and taped them to the chair back .
tr	9	Astral House is again filled with Aria and Jason 's unique warmth and passion .
tr	11	Simon had himself been moved , offering his suite for Eva 's use .
tr	6	" No , he isn 't an idiot , quite the opposite really .
tr	11	He did not want to be the next secret victim of his lords .
tr	6	" Now , load a cutter with fruits and biscuits from the store . "
tr	10	" Her whereabouts had to remain a secret , and it was possible that Lady Adele might form some attachment .
tr	10	I 'm sorry ; I get a little nervous around men in uniform . "
tr	6	Chapter 6 , Off to the lakes The rattling of empty fuel drums is like a death knell .
tr	7	In the distance behind me , the sound of shots carried faintly on a mild breeze .
tr	7	" Is this the man you and your friends met ? "
tr	10	He saw his passenger crane her neck again and she seemed to be examining the mountains .
tr	10	She was very ill and tried to die before her time .
tr	6	His mother Meredith ran the base commissary and worked long hours .
tr	8	His heart ached to save her .
tr	6	" You mustn 't go , " cried the boy , " she is a witch ! "
tr	9	" It strikes me that I know you from somewhere . "
tr	9	He donned his nice clothes : a felt hat , a fine tunic of scarlet cloth and short woolen breeches .
tr	10	I should have insisted that you suit up . "
tr	9	Look what happened to him already . "
tr	10	The round detonated , blowing a huge hole through both sides of the boat .
tr	10	It was accompanied by a handmade card of construction paper , marker , glitter , and glue .
tr	9	" Well no , but I could send your exact body measurements out for a tailor-made cat woman suit .
tr	5	Her husband , daughter and son wait for her on the front porch .
tr	5	Can 't we call off the trip ? "
tr	7	These they dropped into his collapsible cup , and when full it went into the fire .
tr	7	" Then there was Mary from the airport office .
tr	9	Want to help him more .
tr	7	Melody rummaged around inside for a bit and pulled out a plastic shopping bag .
tr	8	And what 're you doing within our confines ? "
tr	9	Yeah , Gabriel was really religious , more than anyone else on Alejo 's team .
tr	6	" Yep , pretty pink underwear with bows on the front . "
tr	9	Blinded by this vivid color , Scarlett was startled by the sudden change in environment .
tr	8	Nine Kurt pulled into his driveway and came to a stop a few inches from the garage door .
tr	7	The cats stopped in their tracks and watched me with large , solemn eyes .
tr	10	Her exhaustion complete , Hailey gave in , falling without resistance into the central shaft of the pyramid .
tr	11	I thought I saw a small vial in there that we can use .
tr	7	Nothing in Adele 's manner betrayed surprise .
tr	9	" My mother had taught me to play the instrument , anyway . "
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	11	The main foyer leads to a pair of curved stairwells ascending to the second floor .
tr	11	He tried to help before he left , " she reveals with a nasty cough .
tr	11	The general naiveté proves advantageous if only to distract him from far grander revelations .
tr	11	Are you going to uphold that ? "
tr	5	" Just kidding , " he said .
tr	9	Do you want one ? "
tr	10	I 'll have to go through the books .
tr	11	" I was hoping to avoid this until after dinner . "
tr	9	Mark reached across to a handset hung up in the elevator .
tr	7	Virgil throttled the decanter and pouring some red liquid into three glasses .
tr	7	Susan felt the knot in her stomach turn into a knife , twisting painfully .
tr	9	to his escaping companions and to those still running and jumping crazily who didn 't have sense enough to run away .
tr	8	" Everyone who enters the forest will be lost .
tr	8	He glared at George as he walked in .
tr	6	" Of course the girl 's not our business now , " Torin says heavily .
tr	9	I stared , mouth agape , as French flowed from her mouth in angry currents .
tr	10	She could hear him humming as he worked .
tr	6	Then , in a soft , melodic voice , the caller asked , " Is this Theresa Osborne ? "
tr	10	The one John had crowned with the manure shovel howled the loudest .
tr	8	I might have heard something from Ireland by then too . "
tr	10	He also stuck a distress transmitter into his pants pocket , not sure if it would even work underground .
tr	7	Abby wrote , just as he finished .
tr	5	" Tunnel Rat and Spirit just took over .
tr	8	She kept her eyes fixed on the floor .
tr	5	Her blond hair , blue eyes and Playboy bunny history didn 't matter .
tr	7	I paused by a tall , black leather and cherry wood stool .
tr	10	" We have nothing to do with it , " he retorted .
tr	7	" This winter will be my fortieth , " Hilda said .
tr	11	Even hit some deodorant now that we 've got a girl in the house .
tr	8	She poured the tea into two of the mugs .
tr	5	In the pitch dark , the idea is terrifying and disorienting .
tr	7	He rubbed his glass slowly between his palms , watching the amber liquid swirl back and forth .
tr	8	Victor stiffened , his eyes going wintry with anger .
tr	11	She must have passed them by without drawing their attention .
tr	6	The bank 's decor was pale and fairly clinical .
tr	11	I have said great words that I would help you and I will honor those words .
tr	6	Burning bricks , wood and smouldering debris drifted down slowly around the clearing .
tr	6	Even now , almost a decade later , the wounds were not fully healed .
tr	11	In a crisscross pattern that was ingrained into his brain from many repetitions Taylor tightened the bolts of the propeller assembly .
tr	6	Courtney Cole 141 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Guinevere , " he called weakly .
tr	10	Cliff was shaking so hard he accidentally fired another blast .
tr	6	Jake chose his words carefully , ' But that 's just it , Toby . '
tr	6	" We just picked up a passenger , " he commented .
tr	10	In desperation , he told himself again that once he reached the Seeker he would be safe .
tr	8	After less than twenty seconds , the devices deactivated , and the unit was plunged back into the previous awkward silence .
tr	11	I turned to him with the pouty face I had mastered through my years of being a professional manipulator .
tr	10	Want to tell me what this is all about ? "
tr	6	' It 's my blood , ' said Anna harshly .
tr	11	His voice was in keeping with the look of him , hard and tight .
tr	9	( 1 ) Possible leaders , for us to deliberate over .
tr	6	At our speed , the transition between countryside and city was instantaneous .
tr	9	she asked despite sensing his desire for privacy .
tr	8	Then , without waiting for a response , the man vanished round the side of the house .
tr	10	He seemed to remember the ambush being a success .
tr	6	" Well , I 'll be , " Paul 's fellow professor said .
tr	10	Everybody ducks to avoid being pierced .
tr	9	Coach said it won 't be a problem . "
tr	11	asked Steve bewildered by what he had just heard .
tr	5	" First a candy bar , then a hot dog , " he said .
tr	10	But let me tell you about it in the morning .
tr	6	" Um ... to ... uh ... " With a heavy , defeated sigh , she shrugged .
tr	11	The list of people who might lend her the money was less than one .
tr	11	People would drop money and even a valuable ring right in front of them .
tr	9	And in Bolivia I said I 'd find you .
tr	6	Across the canyon , another shower of gravel came spilling down a chute .
tr	8	" You sound like you admire him . "
tr	6	The top of the podium was flat and black .
tr	6	Hours spent in this very room .
tr	7	The disease weakened the patient 's muscles until the heart , itself just another muscle , stopped beating .
tr	9	With a surplus of food , they might have had a Renaissance era of their own .
tr	6	Except I 'd made a huge mistake .
tr	10	John got worried -- why was Bradley in doubt ?
tr	11	" He turned slightly and reached back to his aide who handed him a thick envelope .
tr	11	The gypsy strode into the bedroom and threw back the door where it crashed into the wall with a bang .
tr	9	" Abby " I said , making her turn around to me , pretty fast .
tr	11	With regularity , ants returning to their nest would find their passage blocked by the hulking mass in blue .
tr	10	" We got ta tell Dad about this ! "
tr	7	He replaced the paddles in the previous locations and delivered a second charge .
tr	5	" Well , this is ... " " Creepy , " I finished .
tr	10	Turning to face her with some difficulty , he adjusts his balance on his cane before answering .
tr	8	We had nothing to lose . '
tr	10	I did what I meant to do .
tr	7	" Yes , I was just as terrified as you .
tr	5	This was not right , not real and very , very wrong .
tr	9	Her body was built for the environment and her mind immediately tuned into the change in the air .
tr	8	Almost immediately after I was shot my brain began healing itself with help from my Endocrine system . "
tr	6	" If any of you 're alive . "
tr	10	Smoke rising from others revealed a few were getting a head start on barbecue season .
tr	8	You married one of those apes and gave birth to a half-breed .
tr	9	she drawled in a bored voice , tucking a lock of hair behind her ear .
tr	9	The right tunnel would take them to the cavern with the hidden way out .
tr	10	Unless he 'd been talking to himself , voices meant there was another nearby .
tr	11	" There 's nothing we can do about it .
tr	10	They saved the pits for her , to be strewn in the trench .
tr	5	Yeah , half a year and then they held the wedding ceremony .
tr	8	Those lessons had always served him well over the years , but he had still missed his absent mentor .
tr	9	" What do you think they 're doing ? "
tr	8	When the man stood still and looked down the passageway they waited .
tr	7	What kind of shit has your brother gotten himself into this time ? "
tr	11	" I think we should lay low for half a day and then take off .
tr	7	And for that I am sorry .
tr	7	It was just a pool of water .
tr	11	" I never meant to take the interrogation as far as Raymond did .
tr	11	It 's like being addicted to crack .
tr	8	" So , this is what you do now all the time ? "
tr	7	Then suddenly , there came a single wail of a coyote from off in the distance .
tr	9	How do you know help 's not coming ? "
tr	11	I wondered how many times the Minister had heard the phrase ' Mind your head ' .
tr	11	You said you came to teach , and that 's a word Dog women use cautiously . "
tr	11	If only I had gotten a teleconference booking for the second instead of the third .
tr	5	" So what is the news ? "
tr	7	Below in the Old City , the timing was perfect .
tr	7	" How did you get into the sidekick business ? "
tr	11	She seemed to be collecting those from me lately .
tr	8	Waving Willow said , " May the Great Spirit shine his sun on you .
tr	5	" Two hundred sixty-three , " she read the preliminary tally aloud .
tr	10	" What I battled I have never seen the likes of .
tr	7	Dear Mr. Peters , or may I call you Aaron ?
tr	8	' You always were impatient , even as a child , ' he said , gazing at me warmly .
tr	7	I said , " Be back in a jiffy . "
tr	9	Behind him , Len Doyle sat at the wheel of his skiff , maneuvering across the narrow channel toward their destination .
tr	5	The trunk and the main boughs were a charred , smoking mess .
tr	7	" Green plants and red soil , " he jerks the cell from the bowtie , pressing the buttons .
tr	10	" What are you going to do with it ? "
tr	6	You saw it ; the wound wasn 't exactly beautiful .
tr	10	Sarah let the flock go ahead and followed with the two horses .
tr	5	A printed card inside read : " The Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel . "
tr	6	The boys don 't come back .
tr	9	One time they hid deep in a pile of tumbleweeds as a screaming small man ran through the orchard .
tr	9	I 'll never know what it led to .
tr	5	" How old was she ? "
tr	9	It took only another minute for the rest to go .
tr	7	The door buckled again behind them , but the sound was smaller this time .
tr	8	" Was it on the bank side or on the bar , was it floating ? "
tr	5	Otherwise , oversize football jerseys and helmets are your best bet . "
tr	5	Inside a sudden iron grip , Peter , the foolish time traveler , was apprehended .
tr	10	I hear his steps moving quickly around the back of the car .
tr	6	The crackling sounds , the white dust , and her screams taunted my mind like a potent erotic , homicidal fantasy .
tr	11	Inside she wished that this stranger would look at her and smile .
tr	9	He wanted to make her understand .
tr	10	" Of course , but that 'll have to wait until safety . "
tr	6	Why , not a word , and yet to that , his eyes spoke of nothing else .
tr	9	Something 's bound to go amiss . "
tr	5	Another kiss , a grin , and he was gone .
tr	11	Danny 's voice sounded forced as his guitar failed to deliver .
tr	7	She reached over and tousled John 's hair .
tr	10	Calvin smiled having caught her give him the once over .
tr	7	Still , he needed time to think .
tr	11	" Because I wanted to talk to you , " it responded .
tr	10	White Flower had helped deliver over a hundred babies in her time .
tr	8	" As you say , Andrew , He 'll be an asset to us .
tr	5	" Very well , Finn , " she smiled nervously .
tr	11	Shadowy trees bent over the ravine , dipping low in the wind towards death below .
tr	6	Then Maman 's claw found a weakness , and with her dying breath she ripped open my belly .
tr	10	I think I am feeling to you .
tr	5	On the other hand , people did foolish things all the time .
tr	5	" Shut up , Carlos , " Kendall said .
tr	5	" One for , three against , " the county clerk stated .
tr	8	Reid was climbing to his feet a few yards to my right .
tr	5	" Yeah , I sometimes have the odd good one . "
tr	10	It literally fell open like the trapdoor leading to the lodge 's attic .
tr	10	King had been elevated to the position of Company First Sergeant .
tr	9	One question overrode all others in my mind : why were the Hunters on my trail again ?
tr	10	I just have to pee , and I 'd like to take a shower . "
tr	5	' Faith moves mountains , my lord , ' said Moist .
tr	7	Or maybe it was more formal than that , Chris thought .
tr	8	I limped up the stairs , wincing at every step .
tr	8	It happened after only a few weeks of traveling .
tr	11	Now , let me talk to Neil quickly , since the sun will be coming up soon . "
tr	10	Some were orange in color with flecks of green herbs and pieces of tomato .
tr	10	" Captain , sir , this fire has just undone the false trail we laid down .
tr	10	I wish I could have known her . "
tr	7	Not wanting to wake up a snoozing pastry chef , I crept through the downstairs .
tr	6	Then , in a split second , longer in duration , perhaps , than all his life , he understood everything .
tr	9	As I sprinted , I took a moment to determine our surroundings .
tr	5	" You 're not my prisoner . "
tr	6	A no-name basketball player , a minus game point average , no personality , intellect or interest outside a rubber orb .
tr	9	He sat up straight as though he 'd just made a decision .
tr	5	" What good will that do ? "
tr	9	I want to buy a car , a nice car . "
tr	9	" I don 't want to hurt you .
tr	10	But Chris knew it was kind of his hobby .
tr	7	I have given you your warning ; such a warning as the wise will regard and the fool will disregard . '
tr	10	I asked him trying to understand my situation .
tr	9	" The way that rig is hanging makes you look like John Wayne . "
tr	9	A little ways into the woods , Gabe curls up on a bench positioning a stained duffle bag under his head .
tr	9	" I don 't want to be alone right now . "
tr	11	Tara had to confess it was fun .
tr	9	Jeffery Jackson it turned out had indeed been a graduate of the academy 's last class .
tr	5	" You have as much . "
tr	11	Hawk answered , uncertain as exactly what Hawk was referring .
tr	9	" At what age would you stop asking a child for advice ? "
tr	7	I am only human after all .
tr	5	" You almost have a perfect American accent . "
tr	10	That will have to do for now . "
tr	9	Those that dwell in the south are evil of being and evil of soul .
tr	10	Within minutes he 'd rifled through shelves of boxes and fitted replacements .
tr	11	" I 've examined the wound and feel it is relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg protecting the trauma .
tr	10	The same appetizing scent reached the sharper nostrils of three bears still wandering in the forest .
tr	7	So , birds flying towards the webs visualize the web as big barrier and avoid those .
tr	11	I had to think for myself and stay grounded in reality .
tr	6	Alejo nearly shot out of his chair .
tr	10	In some ways you are alike , in most you are different .
tr	7	Not if he could help it .
tr	10	Derrick , it that okay with you ? "
tr	7	We are looking for a man .
tr	5	Once a helpless prisoner , Phillip was now the leader .
tr	11	So , although he appears to have a very comfortable life , he is not that wealthy .
tr	10	Alex took it and turned it over in her hands , seeing the symbols alter before her eyes .
tr	11	They turned and started to rummage for anything they could find .
tr	8	Phillips asked , but when he saw the gun , fear flickered in his eyes .
tr	5	" Was it ... " she stopped herself .
tr	7	Peter and Harry quickly bury the four parachutes and helmets and then join the other two .
tr	9	Sky flashed a toothy smile before squirming down again to play with Lucas and Sophie .
tr	9	Maybe she 'll teach me the language of her island ... A faraway whistle sounded and rose to a thin wail .
tr	10	Terry was left to deal with that .
tr	7	" We should ask father , " Alex finally answered for her .
tr	8	Mariposa saw her new prey was a healthy juvenile Rattlesnake .
tr	8	They turned when he came in .
tr	11	" I do not think Mother would approve of it either . "
tr	11	The man with his arms upraised looked from Sarah to the man who was bleeding .
tr	10	Is that all there is to be ? "
tr	10	I 'd lost any conviction in my voice , and this time Zeal knew I was making excuses .
tr	8	' The Hunters are essentially the assassins , bodyguards , policemen , and soldiers of the immortal nobles . '
tr	9	Elaina wouldn 't want to go , so he made his way down to the harbor before she woke .
tr	5	Here at the NSA , team players wear many hats .
tr	5	Only a small , tiny part , we 're also something else . "
tr	8	The raised ranch in the suburbs of Metropolitan City was suddenly alive with moving shadows .
tr	9	Good evening to all of you , and God bless us all . "
tr	8	" She wasn 't transporting Liquid Light and we can prove it with that paper . "
tr	8	And everything was fine until the revolution at the beginning of the 20th century .
tr	6	The emotions were too much for brother and sister .
tr	10	The gauntlets power knocks Link from his trajectory , sending him twirling back to the ground .
tr	9	After breakfast he took her to his grand cabin and said , " I want us to get married today . "
tr	6	A powerful , agile dog , Chief feared neither garbage trucks , nor stray dogs or horses .
tr	11	' The first one had unfortunately already been ransacked when we discovered it .
tr	5	The epic showdown had begun .
tr	7	" Look out by the trash barrels , " Scott whispered softly .
tr	9	The posts were left from the old , permanent barrier that Ted 's father had built .
tr	10	Connie and Joyce had been busy all day packing away food and the other stuff they had scavenged .
tr	7	" Well , we found him now , didn 't we ? "
tr	7	Amber looks down at me , tentacle hair framing her face .
tr	7	" What if it 's worse for them ?
tr	5	And of course , the dead do not reason ' .
tr	7	( " Just like real shepherds , " John had said . )
tr	7	We shoved off and made our way to the ketch .
tr	9	He promised Col he would conquer .
tr	11	They struggled to keep their heads high while trying to do the same for their spirits .
tr	9	" Sir I have something to tell you . "
tr	5	How well are the accelerometer suits working ?
tr	7	" Again there are new evils in this place .
tr	6	Chapter 10 : Enemy Territory Noise and color , blending , reverberating , echoing , smearing .
tr	5	By the resemblance , they were her parents .
tr	7	Because of you , they built this squadron and now the crew of the Morse will never see their families again .
tr	9	Cries of agony could be heard as they fell .
tr	6	" But of course I did ; Rafe told me weeks since . "
tr	8	Primarily black in color , the lazily rippling husk of muscle has sporadic splotches of purple as well .
tr	9	Joe had disappeared just as suddenly as he had appeared .
tr	8	" Seems a bit busier tonight than last , " he offered .
tr	11	You going to keep asking me about money ?
tr	10	Pulling his wallet from his jacket he offered to get a round of drinks .
tr	8	Sky giggled and span round , making her skirt flare in the wind .
tr	9	It still felt strange to wear a ring .
tr	11	We have to do it before the trip to Thailand . "
tr	5	" Lord Dirk is not the only villain , here , my dear . "
tr	7	They wouldn 't shoot down messengers from Fuchs . "
tr	9	It 's not as if we get many visitors , but you can 't be too careful . "
tr	8	If the Great Spirit were pleased , they would pass the winter without too much starvation .
tr	11	But I like to hear you talk about it . "
tr	8	Elaina , however , had never seen a hammock before and was shyly fascinated .
tr	5	And the next morning she left - just about the time Matt came .
tr	6	There were barely any shapes visible in the rust colored dust .
tr	7	A spray of bullets scored the ground next to the wheels .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes slowed his pace , being more careful , like a cat .
tr	6	This time , she pulled the trigger smoothly through its full travel .
tr	8	I went slowly to him , and I saw a big bouquet of white roses on my chair .
tr	5	The first , and my least favorite , wait it out .
tr	5	And yet , all those different people are the same man .
tr	6	' Always mind your surroundings , ' came the brother 's unexpected answer in unison .
tr	7	That also ... ' He pointed to the bow and arrow protruding from Spike 's bag .
tr	11	I want you to take them onto the roof of your bunker as the tank drives between us .
tr	10	" What is my purpose in coming into the camp ?
tr	11	He had rattles on his knees that made noise as he danced .
tr	5	Let 's say , as an example , I want a new motorcar .
tr	10	Tony was in there for approximately an hour then left , driving straight back to London .
tr	10	Probably won 't get to talk to them for another week or so when they slog out so no help there .
tr	5	" Oh , no , no , " the young girl said hastily .
tr	8	The man is skilled , but Link would cut him down in three moves .
tr	9	" I remember you torched his car in our senior year . "
tr	10	Mudd whispers , " we 'll sit pat here for twenty or so .
tr	7	With that said then , we grant you your victory and life to the loser . "
tr	9	No one of any race , no matter how skilled could survive a night on this mountain .
tr	8	" Lor ... Master Finan requires a few moments of your time . "
tr	5	Beard , long hair , jeans , boots , and a flannel shirt .
tr	7	They reached the fork and stared intently down each path , straining their eyes and ears .
tr	9	" I 've recently come into some information -- through a friend of a friend . "
tr	8	' Your old man still has it in him , ' said Roman , leaning on the longsword .
tr	11	We believe that life is eternal , so you cannot ever be done trying out something new or ingesting new ideas .
tr	9	We 'd see occasional , fleeting glimpse of the messenger ; his animal was being pushed to its limit as well .
tr	7	The stiffness of his back had interfered with his aim .
tr	8	' Will you be talking to your uncle sometime soon ? '
tr	7	" Relax doctor , over testing is a waste of time and resources under the current circumstance .
tr	11	I wondered if the whiskey was speaking for me or me .
tr	8	So blue with sudden streaks of lavender lashing across .
tr	9	You 'll have your work cut out for you . "
tr	9	He thought , I 've fallen into this hole , and an underground stream is sweeping me along .
tr	10	What does this have to do with the Superiors ? "
tr	11	When Lars opened his mouth to say something , the waiter came to our table with the drink .
tr	10	Since the moment I saw you , my Rosa , I 've loved you .
tr	8	Predictably , sentries posted at the massive gateway stand guard , as well as several patrolling the castle grounds .
tr	11	The passageway was then his to guard for the next three hours , until his replacement came .
tr	11	Three Baskets designated that tomorrow morning would be the time for Red Talon to come by her house .
tr	6	" But then again , so was Gabriel , " Stalin added .
tr	9	Because except for the summer tourist season , it was hard to make a living .
tr	10	Sure enough , there were two men waiting there looking at him through an open door .
tr	7	My legs dangled into empty space as the sky rise dropped rapidly away beneath me .
tr	7	He pushed through the woods , went over to the steps and looked down .
tr	7	This wasn 't our first disagreement since the damned affair began .
tr	7	He raised a pistol and shot the lock off the gate , then pushed it open and rushed down the walkway .
tr	7	" Maybe she likes you , " Mai declares , her words always encouraging .
tr	8	The guard in the guardhouse at the main entrance waved him through and wished him a Merry Xmas also .
tr	7	But as Zero reviewed his new modifications a single burning desire was sparked inside him .
tr	10	Chris spent a few minutes looking at pictures of the ship , though half a ship was more like it .
tr	8	" Vessel approaching from the port side , Captain , " he said .
tr	9	It was started with ten million dollars , and always growing with inflation .
tr	8	Finally , we arrived back at the home , exhausted but content and entertained .
tr	9	Sooner or later , they would have to hit the road .
tr	6	" That 's right , " she said .
tr	9	I hope you can see that . "
tr	8	Their dinner started to smell delicious in a very short amount of time , making Elaina 's stomach rumble .
tr	9	Now , two weeks later , he smiled at his wife as she dropped into a chair in his office .
tr	8	" Even if you stick my brain in that thing , I won 't serve you .
tr	11	I refused to allow this to be my legacy .
tr	10	But there were so many things that were still messed up , other people he had hurt .
tr	10	She wanted to stop running away .
tr	7	Phantom hands push me back a step toward the trunk .
tr	10	We used to love to travel . "
tr	11	It 's over , and I know you 're dying for more .
tr	10	OTHER WORKS First , read a sample of HIGH QUEEN , the sequel to FELL WINTER .
tr	6	This beer is not yet ready and we are busy ! "
tr	9	There was nothing he could do .
tr	8	Unfortunately , the journal ends three days before I woke up .
tr	11	He did his best to retreat behind the stony mask of his days with the Brethren .
tr	11	I believe I can make a difference in the world .
tr	11	Don 't make me laugh when I 'm crying , damn it ! "
tr	9	" I 've actually booked a trap range for a couple of hours .
tr	10	Three doors open around him as ten more men walked out into the hall fully loaded with guns .
tr	11	It doesn 't mean that there wasn 't something much stronger underneath .
tr	7	Didn 't he , of all people , know that , if nothing else ?
tr	8	" Hi " replied Simon still thinking about the morning beach event .
tr	8	' Lucas has a deeply vested interest in this matter , ' he said coolly .
tr	5	He found them , eventually . "
tr	11	I turned onto my back to wave at Jori .
tr	6	Like the exterior , the cabin 's one room was in disrepair .
tr	9	Zero grabbed at both of the falling forearms and sent them flying at his other two opponents .
tr	8	" Ah , no , " he heard himself reply , catching Riki 's beseeching glance .
tr	7	" I 'll need a few more days , " Frank answered with a smile .
tr	8	She inhaled the scent of fresh coffee and banana bread and sat back in her chair .
tr	8	Sarah put her hand on David 's sleeve and then jerked it back .
tr	8	It is the way to the servants ' quarters , and now -- to our rooms as well .
tr	11	Roberto looked at Pierre who stood there with clenched jaw .
tr	8	Natalie strode up the street towards the institute with the woman close on her tail .
tr	10	She uncapped it and started pouring water on the wound as the conversation continued .
tr	6	Well , go on , I won 't bite . "
tr	8	How else could anyone explain some of the descriptions ?
tr	8	By the way , what did you do about your boy friend ... . .
tr	11	What wise words made him kick you downstairs ? "
tr	11	I want to see what is there . "
tr	11	" Does anyone have anything they 'd like to confess ? "
tr	9	He stabbed at it with his right index finger , releasing a soft layer of ambient noise as the speaker activated .
tr	10	Harold expected some in the room would not help , but he was glad they at least remained silent .
tr	8	A larger office had become vacant in our building and we had moved premises a week previously .
tr	8	His voice was muted , but Sky was only an arm 's reach away and she turned at the sound .
tr	11	It was odd she hadn 't been surged yet .
tr	9	she said sort off intentionally , ready to eat .
tr	6	With a warm smile , Aiden said , " Don 't think too hard today , Marwan . "
tr	7	Each of these cells measured approximately three feet on all sides .
tr	7	His eyes shifted uneasily to Anatole before he left .
tr	7	Savoring the peaceful scenery just a moment longer Taylor turned back to the business at hand .
tr	8	Just fine , " he grins , adjusting his backpack and clasping his hands together .
tr	8	She suggested , " make sure I stay out of trouble . "
tr	7	Blinding snow whipped around us as the train heaved itself up the mountain .
tr	8	- Episode 50 - Baron Samael watched from the waiting shadows , Thatch and Cobble silently in tow behind him .
tr	11	I must say , it will be much more convenient , as my room will be across the hall . "
tr	8	So yes , he would stop into that coin dealers first chance he got .
tr	11	I 've got plenty of cash if that 's what you want .
tr	10	He knew there was something to those words .
tr	7	Big drops fell everywhere - including on the burnt corpse .
tr	8	Well , I 'm younger then you with one year ... 21 . "
tr	6	" SHIT , SHIT , SHIT , " yelled his inner voice .
tr	5	Recorder and spare charges , certainly ; a few keepsake ... clothe ... notepads and a spare stylus .
tr	6	His blond curls , blue eyes and rosy cheeks are all mine , but his focus and intensity are Ares 's .
tr	8	If we can offer any help , just say the word .
tr	8	Hardly " said Avery interrupting the story 's conclusion , " They just discovered another form of paradise !
tr	5	" No , Claire , I really can 't , " Oliver said impatiently .
tr	9	Back on his feet , Rift finds a setting resembling the initial unveiling of the temple .
tr	5	" Oh , Rachel , you most certainly are , " Adriane said .
tr	9	A voice transmits to his built in CU .
tr	8	Hunt points at the lights , ' Land there , we 'll be safe . '
tr	7	" His business is our business but this is not the place or the time .
tr	11	I needed him there so I would know where he was .
tr	10	" So , by using me to kill Daniel she tied the game ? "
tr	8	The hiss of Alejo 's breath in her ear was quite annoying .
tr	7	Executing perfectly , Rift dodges the swing and instantly returns with a devastating cross .
tr	11	Save them having to drive back for the tournament tomorrow .
tr	9	Every now and again the moon peered out from behind the clouds lighting up the stark , bare winter woods .
tr	9	She rose up into full forward jockey position and opened Go up into a full gallop .
tr	5	" Your name is Abigail , right ? "
tr	7	" I 'll just wait out here for the Firstborn . "
tr	9	I will return as quickly as I may .
tr	11	You will remember everything that you need when the time arises . "
tr	7	Now it was quiet and steady , but if the wind increased , things could quickly become difficult , even dangerous .
tr	9	His ability to thrive in such a risky career was unbelievable to say the least .
tr	7	Can 't understand anything about him .
tr	11	It was hard for Joe to tell what kind of game he was playing .
tr	7	Not with words but with his teeth , like an animal .
tr	10	He speculated about when she could come home .
tr	9	" Uh , that 's okay , you keep it , " Ted said , frowning .
tr	8	I am lying prone on the cot .
tr	7	I was heading towards the elevator , going slightly .
tr	6	' Mind you , ' said Ponder , ' the universe does have a rhythm .
tr	9	Right here and now is the time for me to fulfill my destiny ! "
tr	7	Valerian cut the cords from his wrists and ankles , and pulled his to his feet .
tr	10	She took a deliberate step away from him , and Rand was surprised by an urgent desire to pull her back .
tr	11	It 's only become risky since we 've pushed the single ourselves so hard .
tr	8	Tearing through the forest , we panted , our horses foaming at the exertion .
tr	10	David stared at the rope winding tighter and tighter around his wrists .
tr	7	Rob pointed with his other hand first to his ear and then down the tunnel .
tr	8	I asked and the water comes fresh from the lake .
tr	9	Why didn 't I bring rope to escape out the second story window ?
tr	8	Cut them up into as many small pieces as you can and plant them .
tr	5	The one from the news . "
tr	6	I recognised your work , " I called to her .
tr	6	" At least a thousand millions , " replied the Secretary of the Treasury .
tr	10	After a few calls he found two that could play Friday .
tr	10	I think mine 's tending towards a Grisham . "
tr	11	Hank could hear her arguing with Hawk in the other room .
tr	11	To read and write , to cook , to chop wood ... everything but swimming . "
tr	9	The chair rocked on its back legs as the bartender rose from his seat .
tr	8	Toby tried to calm himself .
tr	10	She thought about sharing that part of her adventure on the blog .
tr	10	The stranger is already there , impossibly , standing in front of me .
tr	8	How did you get the name of the owner ? "
tr	7	" I 'm going to the future ! "
tr	8	A woman looked up , eyebrow cocked in quizzical challenge , and Neela giggled .
tr	9	Gunnar shouted , his eyes sad yet still shallow with drunk stupidity .
tr	9	No doubt this one was manned by a minimum compliment of men .
tr	5	Tiger , Tiger , Tiger , with a ' y ' . "
tr	10	" ... looks like Mom a little , don 't you think ? "
tr	11	Sophia had had to organise all the building and repair work all on her own .
tr	7	Eventually he reached the shore and hauled himself onto the moist forest floor , each step obviously painful .
tr	7	" Not at all , " the Tenacious objected and waved his arm in the air .
tr	9	You need to get out of here .
tr	10	The sun had just risen and the city seemed to play in its rays .
tr	5	" That 's good . "
tr	8	She looked as awful as the last time I saw her .
tr	10	Unless it was an especial skill of his , he would know no more than that until she cast something else .
tr	7	He hears the words , but the king of thieves does not process the request logically .
tr	7	The agony of not knowing coiled in her stomach like a black knot .
tr	8	" Yes , I liked what I saw , " Taylor answered truthfully , " but I really love this . "
tr	7	" To tell you the truth , " he began , " not any more . "
tr	11	At least let her know how beautiful you think she is . '
tr	9	" You shouldn 't have opened to me , " he scolded softly .
tr	7	He gives me a warning glare through the rearview mirror .
tr	7	We froze and flattened ourselves against the wall .
tr	8	" Thanks Flight Officer , great job , you 've saved us a load of trouble and effort .
tr	5	The walls , the floor , and the ceiling were all rough concrete .
tr	11	" They know they cannot break down the Door of the Eagle .
tr	6	In the wild place Noah and Mariposa reconciled their differences and began their own family .
tr	7	Only groans came from behind him .
tr	5	Just that now you know their name . "
tr	11	" I was in a lake , and I couldn 't swim even though I can in real life .
tr	9	It was The Best of Jeopardy , featuring the legendary winning streak of one Ken Jennings .
tr	11	He could hear warning sounds chirping from computers in the offices down the hall .
tr	8	Sarah dove to the floor while firing blindly at him , three , four , rounds .
tr	8	" I giggle when I 'm nervous . "
tr	7	The darkness is a blanket around us .
tr	7	They 'd likely never believe our diversion , but it was a start .
tr	10	he asked , glancing up nervously as the shadows took form .
tr	10	" Nah , seems pretty quiet from what the lieutenant said , " Andersson replied .
tr	11	I can 't believe a scientist of your calibre would make a mistake like that .
tr	8	I dug down for the book on breaking codes .
tr	7	But she accepted the task graciously , and with her own mighty valor , she became a knight in armor .
tr	8	I picked it out and examined the slither of kindling .
tr	6	A few moments later I pulled my jaw back up and closed my mouth .
tr	6	You stupid bitch , I 'll kill you here ! "
tr	10	The bodies blurred around me , piling up like it was a mass murder .
tr	5	For a moment all the fear and doubt seemed worthwhile .
tr	7	Her humor was refreshing as ever .
tr	5	" Six thousand years , " she finishes my question and her eyebrows rise .
tr	11	It took him to an online encyclopedia , where he began reading about the Vasa .
tr	9	" It 's great ; our first real success with an organism , " said Ben uncomfortably , clearing his throat .
tr	8	I could hear Atticus 's jaw hit the ground .
tr	8	When I turned back to her father , even he was smiling .
tr	7	That would make quite a current , " he explained .
tr	10	A bell rang , and the stairs creaked as Nelly slowly went up to the bedrooms .
tr	11	How could these women 's sons , and boys from other communities too , just be gone ?
tr	7	If looks could kill , I wouldn 't have stood a chance .
tr	8	" So , we 'll drink to it , eh ? "
tr	8	The man glared down at her , making her shiver to the bone .
tr	6	" It 'll sound crazy . "
tr	6	I was still nowhere near grasping the possible answers .
tr	9	She looked at the note like it might bite her .
tr	10	The smells are whispering to me , but I can 't understand what they are saying .
tr	10	Soon enough , Rift can almost recognize his surroundings as he emerges back onto the beaten path .
tr	8	Stephens nodded as he sipped his own whisky .
tr	5	The small mouths in his palms , snapping open and closed .
tr	10	They think they have right on their side .
tr	7	I yanked the ski cap off his head and threw it behind the bushes .
tr	7	Harold unconsciously reached up and rubbed the patch and then smiled at Nathan .
tr	7	As they passed the fort it was half obscured by the two-foot high ferns .
tr	9	Reid studied me for a while longer before rising from his seat .
tr	5	They are doctors , teachers , janitors and construction workers .
tr	9	Beside the head of the bed there was a mini fridge containing numerous types of drugs and medications .
tr	8	" There was a way around it , " replied Finan evenly .
tr	10	The fact that they didn 't hide their agency past did little to help them ... in the beginning .
tr	6	Around me was a flat desolate landscape , part desert and part wasteland .
tr	8	He jiggled the knob a bit while pushing and the door stayed latched .
tr	8	I raised myself into the sky collecting energy as I did so .
tr	7	No one escapes the pervasiveness of unending war .
tr	8	His senses suddenly sharpening , Link realizes the ambush before it ever actually begins .
tr	7	* * * The pain drums through my skull , big , powerful timpani beats .
tr	9	But even a lady who admired the fairer sex was not above Scarborough 's charms and wiles .
tr	8	You do not know how this world works .
tr	5	" A bit early aren 't we , lover ? "
tr	7	And taking her sister by the arm Sophia led her to the exit .
tr	11	What else had I missed , was there something more ominous we knew nothing about ?
tr	11	What else could she do with the powerful young weaver who became an unexpected widower ?
tr	10	When he realized my arms were cuffed , he dragged me out into the street .
tr	8	A man entered the building in a flood of daylight .
tr	5	' As soon as you give the word Sir . '
tr	8	" Just waiting to hear back from a friend . "
tr	5	With a smile , she nodded her head weakly .
tr	5	" A month ago , " she answered .
tr	11	" Your mother 's back is too hairy for me to want to look at . "
tr	10	There hasn 't been a single case of an intact nuke getting loose .
tr	9	I had to have several stitches and a tetanus shot .
tr	11	It contained a piece of lingerie so indecent that Terwilliger blushed just looking at it .
tr	10	Well , that was as much a truce as he 'd get out of me .
tr	9	He could not be Lord Rafe , and it was impossible for him to be Finan .
tr	11	The more surprising turn of events was Avi calling him for a different type of merchandise .
tr	11	There is something in those arms and lights that jams our technology .
tr	9	The guard shot him a stern look and Neil stopped talking .
tr	9	Nathan motioned Joshua to crawl over and he quietly briefed them on the plan .
tr	9	Onward will I travel by your side . "
tr	9	They took a moment to appraise me .
tr	7	Like the sign , the entire place had an air of good enough about it .
tr	8	In Western Canada , he 'd met Mark 's mother , Mary .
tr	10	Didn 't mean to make you jump .
tr	9	Adele did not answer at first , but gazed into the depths of the fire .
tr	11	This arrangement restores to us the element of choice that was denied us before . "
tr	8	He said in a low , excited voice , " GW quick . "
tr	9	There was no need for two of them all the time after this was finished , though .
tr	6	Even so , only his leather and iron practice armor saved him from serious injury .
tr	11	He didn 't even want to get them surgically removed .
tr	11	I 'm thinking it might be peaceful up here , but it isn 't .
tr	5	One man north , one man south , the other two resting but ready . "
tr	11	Kayla was at it again , and like a fool I only believed what I wanted to believe .
tr	7	Taylor then darted off the path and through the woods .
tr	5	Two aisles down , we found locker 139 .
tr	7	" Are you recording this ? "
tr	9	He glanced in the direction of the burnt house , now just a black shadow towering eerily in the background .
tr	8	Peter , you have the radio so go with the M16 .
tr	11	Are we getting ready to move out ? '
tr	6	Given his commanding voice and impressive uniform , there was no resistance .
tr	10	Folks aren 't as friendly as they were in my day , you understand .
tr	6	" Of course , I know that , " she said .
tr	5	An awful bleakness entered his eyes .
tr	10	Although the car would have stood out in Malaysia , in Italy it seemed to be fairly common .
tr	10	It was darker in here , Ricky was thinking but he could smell that dog .
tr	8	Shocked at first , the boy finds himself expecting another verse , but the specter offers none .
tr	7	They worried about him , but there was really no need .
tr	5	" You two , stop it , right now ! "
tr	10	Only then did he realize that the wolf had scratched two crude runes into the ice .
tr	7	" Once I 've passed , they will begin their plan .
tr	11	He said , " I have to go on a scouting patrol tomorrow .
tr	6	" No , I 'm not , I 'm sorry , you 're not a freak , you 're not . "
tr	9	The spirits were quiet as they had been before .
tr	5	Despite adversity , he was happy , mirthful and auspicious .
tr	5	" For like six weeks .
tr	10	The party , if I can named like this , was in full swing .
tr	11	Xenia told him that they would tell him more about them later .
tr	8	Evidently all the tankers aren 't idling in the shade , Beau realized .
tr	7	John collected the dogs from outside and returned to the table .
tr	9	Claire was glad they remained unspoken .
tr	7	Especially that your own kid can watch and see . "
tr	8	It hit him like a lightning bolt , and suddenly everything was clear to him .
tr	10	He did a lot of brooding of late .
tr	9	She clicked on the second page of Amanda 's information .
tr	7	There , just waiting for me , was a beautiful old gas mask .
tr	10	He knew life would be harder for you . '
tr	8	" And have you heard from Jacob and Eva ? "
tr	9	They still have a long way to go and she might be sleepy .
tr	7	It was a rocky road , and not one Brazen accepted willingly ; but Noni could be very convincing .
tr	10	Again , an overwhelming sense of history in the black and white checkered floor and the vaulted ceilings washed over me .
tr	8	The other side of Sleaford , on East Road , I pulled up opposite a complex of mid-sized industrial units .
tr	7	Frank walked around his truck , reached into the cab , found his work shorts and stepped into them .
tr	6	" The Hunter 's canoe is gone , " he said , " and that was a fast boat .
tr	10	David was first with bags stuffed full of clothes and blankets .
tr	10	Sarah looked at the gypsy and willed herself not to glance at John or David .
tr	7	Maria was always excited about work .
tr	7	" Yes , well , as I was saying , I was sailing with Captain Morgan .
tr	10	' I want these people found and put out of action Commissioner .
tr	8	Let 's just go to Math , " Jess said and they ran off to class .
tr	9	Why , what are you going to eat ? "
tr	7	" Our shuttle here , Silver Bullet II , is far ahead of her time , thanks to my team .
tr	6	This place should not exist , Adam thought , and at once , he hastily thought the opposite .
tr	6	Also how many days ago did you last use the Talisman ?
tr	9	" Let them be a lesson to you all . "
tr	8	" We just covered up the fact that I didn 't die .
tr	8	Wounded Eagle said , " Yes , they will all be inside except for a few guards .
tr	8	Lord Brogan was silent as he absorbed these facts .
tr	8	" How much time do you think we have ? "
tr	9	Andy turned over the pages until he got to thirty .
tr	7	" Then I need a bit of time . "
tr	7	He rose from his chair , offering Adele his arm .
tr	7	" In the worst kind of way , " Gabe confirms .
tr	10	You want me to take one of those ?
tr	10	I wanted to believe it was .
tr	10	He was in unfamiliar territory now and on land owned by the federal government .
tr	10	" Then have him walk quickly out the front door , looking around , panicky .
tr	9	" Don 't make excuses , or I will kill you now rather than give you my uncle 's justice . "
tr	6	One more lock of hair dangling behind my left ear .
tr	6	" People don 't say a blessing anymore ? "
tr	8	Neither the skeleton at her feet nor the monster crouching below disturbed her mind or dulled the edge of her interest .
tr	8	Oh , I knew you do ... " It draw near and near .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes dipped his hunting knife into the bear oil and stirred it around .
tr	10	They turned to each other and then back to the hulking action hero bearing down on them .
tr	8	Think my boys and I could catch a ride to my ship ? "
tr	7	Coming down hard on the other side , she tucked into a half roll and came up in a crouch .
tr	6	" My name is Mohammed , and this is Mohan .
tr	7	The Humvee was heading straight for the van .
tr	8	I looked over at Connie shrugged my shoulders and asked , " Do we have an emergency ? "
tr	7	" Yes it is , but sadly it 's not mine ; it 's my uncle 's . "
tr	9	That was the name Hatley had used .
tr	8	" You 're my directing little girl , " Mrs. Collins said and let go of her .
tr	7	This man that he now faced was , at this moment , his enemy .
tr	8	he whispered pulling Ricky down beside him .
tr	5	" Afternoon , Mr. Carson , " the guard said .
tr	8	Abby accepted the Lars 's invitation , both of them dancing very closed .
tr	7	she asked , picking up the book .
tr	10	He shot at the wall and a door opened into a hallway .
tr	10	The main city habitable units are reserved for the higher classes such as government officials , and military hierarchy .
tr	6	Suddenly , a stairwell door near the elevators burst open .
tr	9	" He 's about to die , is he not ?
tr	10	Danger he would not bring to this land by his own choice .
tr	10	He nodded for her to go over to Jimmy .
tr	5	The dress , the shoes and the jewelry all very much suited her .
tr	10	The cave was now in use by some of the people of the defeated tribe .
tr	8	We trusted each other implicitly and often placed our lives in each other 's hands .
tr	7	He turned the key in the lock and opened the door , then walked through first and flipped on the lights .
tr	6	For the first time , Callum 's use of my full first name didn 't affect me at all .
tr	10	Connor couldn 't let go of his feelings of disappointment .
tr	9	Well they 're not all animal puns -- are you spacing out on me again ? "
tr	11	Tell Paul we need a transport ASAP . "
tr	10	' Danny 's really embarrassed by what 's happened . '
tr	9	asked Candice " I can make sure he does .
tr	11	I 'd forgotten to throw out the rest of my Skittles .
tr	5	The caption read , " Hi !
tr	9	" Suppose we should wake our sleeping beauty ? "
tr	8	Hearing the suffering of their countrymen only served to stiffen both doctors ' resolve to save more men .
tr	10	Dickie busied himself at work but wasn 't as happy at the golf course as he had been before .
tr	7	The so-called businessman wore a navy polo shirt with some logo on the breast pocket and khaki chinos .
tr	9	I was a policewoman , actually I was a Detective Sergeant when I walked away .
tr	10	Good people who care about you , who have saved your life .
tr	10	Nonetheless , I , and her mother are praying that you can influence her .
tr	7	It was almost a normal noise , but Elaina couldn 't tell anymore .
tr	11	" What is happening now and in your time is not about you or me Andy .
tr	7	She looked up at Rafe again but his face was thoughtful .
tr	10	God is with you , for ' God smiles on all men , but smiles on the righteous man twice . '
tr	8	They 're not expected back any time soon , " explained the corporal .
tr	6	" Come with me , " he said .
tr	11	Her father assumed she had been laid off for performance reasons .
tr	7	It was too late then , the mirror 's deceptively slow pace had already lowered themselves around the four .
tr	6	" So you guys are still on a last name basis ? "
tr	7	Gabriel swallowed hard , felt his Adam 's apple rub raw across the concrete wall .
tr	6	Rupert 's voice drawled lazily , but his tone was intense .
tr	10	" I 'm sure that would make a lovely zombie attractant . "
tr	7	Then , in one smooth motion , he reached over one shoulder and stripped off his shirt without word or expression .
tr	9	A booming voice , speaking in Italian , ended our conversation as the shout echoed through the foyer .
tr	6	The wound in her shoulder has closed but looks red and ugly .
tr	10	It was actually more of a gap between two cliffs , it was so small .
tr	8	" That 's what Neil really said , " VIN replied .
tr	6	' So ... er ... well , let 's give it another try , shall we ?
tr	6	" Alejo , can you hear me ?
tr	9	For a few moments she let her attention wander , becoming engrossed in some children .
tr	8	Suddenly , out of the blue , an easy answer had been dropped in his lap .
tr	6	" Hello again old chap , " he said in his best English accent .
tr	9	Still , the feeling that she 'd seen motion was lodged in her mind .
tr	7	" That is not a vacuum cleaner , Mr. Noble , " explained Ryan .
tr	7	Clancy peered deep into the guard 's eyes .
tr	6	Fear and revulsion of this weird city swept him .
tr	8	I selected traveling attire and quickly packed my things .
tr	5	" Those taco plates usually fill me up all day . "
tr	10	To be so close to a flogging would make her think twice before another attempt .
tr	11	He groaned when I tried to pull him up .
tr	5	The SAS Captain keyed his mike .
tr	8	" If they hear us ... " she shrugged , leaving the rest implied .
tr	8	Chuck joined him in front of the main administration building .
tr	5	Just emotions , his rage , lust , envy , disgust .
tr	8	" Nothing that you want is upstream , " they repeated before the computer screen went dark .
tr	5	Over the next few days , he continued his training .
tr	11	They went through the tasks of running the ship in silence .
tr	5	In the distance another noise started , a high-speed humming .
tr	7	" Certainly , " she nods , much more chipper after hearing she is still without competition .
tr	6	' A place of calm ' sounded about as useful as a chocolate tea pot .
tr	5	Chapter Fifteen The day before the wedding " Miz Wilcox , something terrible has happened ! "
tr	8	What can you and I say ? "
tr	9	This had begun when the first preview trailers were released .
tr	7	She scowled , her sensations a tangle of conflicting emotions .
tr	10	His eyes narrowed like I 'd just called his momma a whore .
tr	8	The situation may change in time , but for now the security situation is simply too dire .
tr	9	The food was much like that at base camp on deployment .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	7	It was no longer a playful catalogue of tricks .
tr	5	After a while , the voice made an unexpected change .
tr	11	He did indeed have a pistol , which he thrust into his belt .
tr	10	The agent was following the convoy when the ambush was sprung .
tr	9	She came every week and talked to him as if nothing had ever happened .
tr	8	" Do you need help ? "
tr	9	As he had to do .
tr	9	The hungry plant takes the bait , lunging forward and snapping at the open air .
tr	6	My voice is coming back .
tr	11	That 's all I wanted to hear .
tr	9	" I 'll just put this in my room , " he said , indicating the bag of candy .
tr	7	And they might not , if they could .
tr	11	He had been so preoccupied with his thoughts that he hadn 't noticed Brazen .
tr	11	Susan asked again trying to keep the exasperation out of her voice .
tr	6	The clouds twisted and rolled , now black , now purple , now veined , now black again .
tr	8	Breaking into a fast-paced jog , he decides to try the rightmost potential passage .
tr	8	" I have to do it myself . "
tr	9	Her flowing fields and proud trees were a constant reminder of the majesty of our people .
tr	8	After setting the plates on the table , Mr. Robinson asked , " Do you require anything else , Captain ? "
tr	11	Chris was nearby eavesdropping when a reporter from CNN interviewed some of the locals .
tr	6	Here I am , " he called out to them , waving .
tr	11	I really don 't want to say goodbye to him in ten days .
tr	10	I sat outside the main council chamber , waiting to be summoned .
tr	10	The containment doors opened with a hiss of escaping air .
tr	7	After he 's done I looked at him and blushed a little .
tr	6	smiled Finan with creditable ease .
tr	8	One thing is sure : zombie dogs are quite unlike human zombies .
tr	8	Sarah noticed the interior light was out .
tr	9	Gabriel 's violin was also resting on sapphire velvet in its case on a clean work table .
tr	7	And within sixty seconds , he was thinking of Penny again .
tr	9	That made Lea smile in return .
tr	9	" Best get some rest ... and a shower " Atticus wobbled then fell to the ground and passed out .
tr	6	I am Dominican , I finished my solitude and then I met Sheena .
tr	9	I smiled back because I 'm not a jerk ... YES YOU ARE .
tr	5	' I died , ' I stated bluntly .
tr	9	" Colonel , if I miss something I could get a lot of good people killed . "
tr	11	" I want to know how they did it .
tr	8	They had started from runway 36 and were flying due north .
tr	10	Large thick trees held back the surrounding mountain ranges and seemed to reach up to the pristine sky .
tr	10	Maggie told them that they had thirty empty canisters on board that Ryan wanted filled .
tr	7	I heard the Sphinx move into the appropriate formation , like a well-oiled machine , their motions smooth as always .
tr	8	Victoria had a seven year old son , Toby , from a previous marriage .
tr	6	' Well , well , ' began Nash ruefully , ' this rather brings things to a head . '
tr	9	I glanced at the skyline above the rooftops while the unfamiliar roads unrolled before us .
tr	8	John pointed to a running rabbit along the rock wall .
tr	7	Abruptly , Falconer stepped back , spun on his heel , picked up the equipment , and stormed back toward camp .
tr	9	Over time they have become experts in the development of gadgets .
tr	7	The rest of the day was taken up by check after check .
tr	7	' It 's quite difficult to unravel . '
tr	7	Its palm tree masts were festooned with purple lilacs .
tr	7	Waving Willow began to explain .
tr	9	" Maybe , because of why he burned the building down " said the detective .
tr	10	" Yes you may have destroyed a part of the plan but North America will still fall .
tr	7	I had lost touch with the truth .
tr	7	" But enough about me and my silly dreams .
tr	9	She 'd been dreaming about him a lot lately .
tr	8	They would not be replaced until the following morning .
tr	9	Chapter 14 : Bright lights illuminated the grassy surface below three levels of the silver steel stadium .
tr	6	" They 're fine , " he said , " let 's go . "
tr	9	He had to admit it , he had a crush on Tori Collins , the newbie .
tr	11	Six will have to have the power of seven . "
tr	8	The time he found out that his dad 's death was a lie .
tr	10	VIN had to quickly slow from 100 miles an hour to just 45 .
tr	9	A sudden rush of pride swelled in his chest , and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth .
tr	6	The warmth of his overdriven sound sliced the mix and penetrated hearts .
tr	11	" It 's cool you 're with us this year .
tr	9	' I want you to contact this number on a secure line .
tr	6	He found one and some white space within a Melody Maker advert .
tr	9	She shook her head in a gesture of tried patience and hurried to catch the others .
tr	8	Three Baskets came to the house of Waving Willow for the night .
tr	8	" Okay , stay with ' em and keep me informed . "
tr	11	She hugged the girls and kissed Rick , heading up the stairs after bidding them all good night .
tr	6	" Oh honey , I 'm so sorry , " Mrs. Finch pulled Julie into a hard hug .
tr	7	" Then go ahead , girl scout , " I whispered , " I 'm right behind you . "
tr	7	All the Scout infantry will cover you with bow and arrow .
tr	8	Farmer was listening with eyes wide open .
tr	11	It was another twenty-four hours before Anna returned to give me the news .
tr	11	" And with Madame Zombie Eyes waiting to greet us at the top ?
tr	5	At that distance , a boy 's a boy . '
tr	9	No one noticed , however , thanks to Barbara 's bright chatter and constant stream of conversation .
tr	10	The impressions we got on these mind travels felt very real , only the direct physical interaction was missing .
tr	9	" The problem is that few people knew about him .
tr	6	" She is beautiful , " said James , coughed a little , biting the bread .
tr	11	Why did he smile at me so tenderly at times when I was just an assignment ?
tr	7	" Food , " he said again and saw her gaze dart to the bag then back .
tr	10	For her part , Mercedes was staring at the servant as the man trotted away through the courtyard .
tr	7	' Of course , I could send you there ; but I couldn 't bring you back . '
tr	6	They high-fived each other and laughed hysterically .
tr	8	They sat , silent and still , their attention halved between the fight and each other .
tr	7	He slipped into his best Russian , and said " Privet . "
tr	8	Some of their research included several accounts of the Ruby Creek incident as well as reviewing the Patterson video on YouTube .
tr	7	He simply cannot keep his hands off me .
tr	6	He looked at all the photos on the walls .
tr	6	The sickly stench of chloroform filled my throat and lungs instead .
tr	7	This feud is none of our business .
tr	9	It was going to be a long night .
tr	8	" Why don 't we meet up with you guys next weekend , Sky ?
tr	6	My words grated and tension throbbed between us .
tr	9	" We have wired and wireless phones and functioning cell phone towers because we have electricity .
tr	9	Through the darkness outside , Tarleton couldn 't be sure but was it snowing out ?
tr	5	" Behave yourself , bitch , or your little friend pays the consequences .
tr	8	The air flowed into my veins , catching in my throat by its coldness .
tr	9	" It may be time they know , Clancy . "
tr	7	" It looks bad , I know , I saw the whole thing on the corner , and I 'm surprised .
tr	8	At last , when they left through the front door , I clumsily crawled onto the wooden planks of the floor .
tr	10	The Prince turned back to the girl , and watched her face , wondering what her reaction would be .
tr	6	" Not yet , we just ordered this wine , " said Heston .
tr	10	No one cared , no one was going to make him pay .
tr	8	She drove back to the farm in a contemplative mood .
tr	11	" Yeah , " he said , pitching his voice high and speaking from the corner of his mouth .
tr	8	However , the spy that saved the teenager had other plans .
tr	10	She 'd love to hear from you !
tr	11	Epilogue I 'm on the roof of the motel , though I can 't remember leaving the room .
tr	9	Her voice turned very cold as she took a step toward Branden .
tr	6	" Three , I guess , " Taylor remembered from his theological classes in school .
tr	9	A tear came to his eye , snaking down his dusty cheek and splashing on his jacket collar .
tr	6	CHAPTER FOURTEEN For a long time , they journeyed across the black surface in silence .
tr	10	He knows I saw him perform .
tr	11	Do you still want to try ? "
tr	9	Tossing his cloak aside , he pulls off his heavy chest piece , throwing it to the ground as well .
tr	5	With Penelope and Richard vanished , no one else knew the truth .
tr	8	Let 's get out of here and we 'll discuss it back at my place . "
tr	8	Brigadier General Clayton ' Hawk ' Abernathy grinned as he interlaced his fingers .
tr	5	The operator held up the small blue flower and Jake nodded .
tr	10	" Okay , I wish they 'd go back to the blinking thing . "
tr	7	The mere mention of that girl 's name sent a shiver through my body .
tr	9	They stared at me curiously while I climbed into the SUV .
tr	8	As darkness swept over the fields , I moved quicker .
tr	9	The woman stood with her hands on her hips staring directly at Sarah .
tr	7	Theodosia stood up and raised one long , bony finger .
tr	8	At first I was under the impression that his name was Finn .
tr	11	It 's easy to lose control when you feed .
tr	9	She pulled with all her might as Trae pushed with his feet .
tr	8	The second chamber behind the cockpit will also be loaded with outbound xenon and liquid hydrogen cylinders .
tr	5	" Like a weed , Dad , " Zed smiled .
tr	10	Who was she to stand against me ?
tr	5	Inside , among other odds and ends , was a stainless steel probe .
tr	9	The numerous high paid jobs over his extended career meant that he did not have any financial concerns .
tr	8	With the knowledge of fire came the tools we made to hunt with like spears , canoes and fishing nets .
tr	8	Having missed its intended target , the bullet continued on in the direction of the last vehicle .
tr	10	Emma asked , surprised at what he said .
tr	9	Anyone here able to do that ? '
tr	8	He knew that Red Talon had a bad wound .
tr	11	The funny little thing didn 't even seem to have any words in it .
tr	10	Calvin let his rudeness pass but wouldn 't forget it .
tr	8	She brings up the HUD from her CU and locates the captain .
tr	6	Across the street , Echo emerged from the diner .
tr	11	You will have the full use of both of your arms , though one was broken in two places .
tr	10	Stalin was watching the memory cross Alejo 's face and he nodded grimly .
tr	7	" Even the worms and bacteria didn 't want you , " Ted muttered under his breath .
tr	6	" The best view of the mountains is from the navigation room windows , through there . "
tr	10	The doctor gently touched Josie 's shoulders again and walked her over a step , away from Jimmy .
tr	8	I got in a few days ago , but it isn 't my first trip to Colorado .
tr	6	From beyond the blast door came a strange skittering noise .
tr	9	The robin , encouraged by Adele 's stillness and enticed by the crumbs , bravely moved a little nearer .
tr	6	Or perhaps not , he swiftly corrected as his body hardened with a familiar , brutal need .
tr	10	" I do believe it is .
tr	11	Jodie asked as she finished toweling her hair dry .
tr	6	He stood with his back to us , his shoulders heaving .
tr	7	Chris couldn 't help asking .
tr	8	Support and respect for the copyrighted works of this author are greatly appreciated .
tr	10	Aries couldn 't remember ever hearing Scythe speak , so it was no surprise when Moira answered him .
tr	7	The other was dressed as a workman .
tr	7	CHAPTER 19 The Storm Elaina felt on fire as soon as she awoke .
tr	6	Greg got an instant family , but it wasn 't all roses and moonlight strolls .
tr	9	Iris , on the other hand , was troubled by the appearance of a potential rival .
tr	6	" Um , excuse me , sirs , " one of the Guards interrupted .
tr	6	Yeah , right , I laughed to myself .
tr	10	The mind was impenetrable -- not even the Empress could break into a person 's mind unless they allowed it .
tr	11	Even more perplexing , he felt he should know exactly what it was .
tr	6	Took me a couple days , but I cracked it . "
tr	11	" Well , we have a track meet to go to ; let 's move it ! "
tr	7	' This was a couple of years before the car crash , five years this past January . '
tr	6	Even now , six months after Hayes 's death , the full extent of the conspiracy was still unknown .
tr	7	The subjects all wore wet suits , and a beaming Mike held a large fish in his arms .
tr	7	' All right , Vienna it is then , ' he muttered under his breath and struck a match .
tr	9	Yes , we 're going to get married .
tr	9	I jerked up my Beretta 's barrel in an unmistakable sign for him to unlock .
tr	7	Giving up on her post , Claire lay back on the concrete bench and closed her eyes .
tr	9	Do you have time ? "
tr	8	Taylor looked at Lilly Ann but she just laughed and did not avert her eyes .
tr	5	" A red herring , specially for your benefit , I 'm afraid . "
tr	7	The branches of the tree had caught flame and the rest of it would follow .
tr	6	he opened the door and showed her .
tr	7	My heart aches for her and for him .
tr	6	Just then , a man in a white lab coat walks past him .
tr	9	The voice called from the top of the hill , the forensic truck parked next to the man waving .
tr	6	Besides , " she smiled , " the animals would never hurt him .
tr	8	Landon asked the path narrowed further .
tr	10	Why would a mother allow her children to be swept away ?
tr	9	Too casually , he asked , " How old were you when you became Chosen ?
tr	8	" Maybe you speak truly , that they deserve it . "
tr	8	It can 't be ... leashes ?
tr	6	" Teeth marks , " Steve Lyndon frowned at the distinct indentations in the peeling .
tr	10	Trying to make sense of it .
tr	7	With tears on his eyes , he feebly reached for the sword on his side .
tr	5	A few seconds of coolness and pinkness , all alone , confusion , uncertainty .
tr	8	You going to stay the night here ?
tr	6	In other words , were Adam and Eve , Neanderthals or Homo sapiens ? "
tr	10	I asked , rising to my feet as I did so .
tr	10	Well after dark , a welcome sight appeared in the distance : lights on King 's Hill .
tr	8	" I wasn 't ordered to , " Warrior responds simply .
tr	9	The salesman pleads , sounding much more desperate than he intended .
tr	6	In one swift movement , he pulled my arms behind my back .
tr	9	I hope we don 't bring him any trouble .
tr	7	" Be off with you now ! "
tr	7	How had she known about that ?
tr	10	I had Danny smack him around a little .
tr	6	" Come on now , close those closet doors .
tr	8	By the time he and Georgie had limped back to camp , he was delirious with pain and thoughts of revenge .
tr	5	For only a moment , there was nothingness .
tr	8	Forty-two The shot glanced off the wall with a spray of dust .
tr	10	replied Simon feeling a surge of hope growing within him .
tr	7	" Honest , she kept an old RCA floor model radio in her bedroom and listened to it at night .
tr	7	' Boy , ' he said , ' I 'm sorry about your Dad . '
tr	10	" Can 't I do something to help ? "
tr	5	" Sorry , Amy , I 'm just not very hungry today .
tr	9	This is no time for the fire of the Seven Stars .
tr	10	Now I would like to go to bed . "
tr	9	" We can put out a better screen with those six Vulcans in action . "
tr	6	" Hi , Avery , " the woman said , not as shy or exuberant as the two before her .
tr	6	All the paper looked like gum wrappers .
tr	7	The hairs on Alejo 's arm stood on end .
tr	5	" The blasted Reaper 's , " he said .
tr	10	Ken interrupted , sensing what was coming .
tr	10	It just kept gnashing its teeth and clawing at the air and making the most ungodly noises .
tr	10	She could not help but just stare as his lips touched her once again .
tr	10	Then David leaned forward and Topsy thought that the end of his world was nigh .
tr	5	" I know , " Rupert said simply .
tr	7	General Butch Matthews was on his right and General Nathan Taylor on his left .
tr	8	Sarah moved over to give her room .
tr	6	She loosened his girth to the very last notch .
tr	7	" That 'll get the blood pumping , eh ? "
tr	11	If he got himself killed by these men he would never see Lubna again .
tr	8	The woman draw the sword on her waist , protecting the children with bravery .
tr	5	" Yeah , it 's me . "
tr	6	The butler spoke , " Oui , oui .
tr	9	He glanced at me awkwardly while he placed the bags on the countertop .
tr	9	Ted meant to stand watch through the night .
tr	10	Gemma Halliday , NYT best selling author of Spying in High Heels .
tr	9	He must stay conscious to survive .
tr	6	No one , no other man , no other warrior , has ever taken my weapon .
tr	6	And you know I like a good mystery . "
tr	11	A hole that needed to be filled immediately .
tr	9	Screams echoed for a few seconds , and then another explosion battered the ground and all was deathly quiet .
tr	11	He said it like it was obvious .
tr	10	" What are we going to do with their bodies ? "
tr	11	As Links expression begins to turn from impudence to distain , a welcome cry comes from within the bedroom .
tr	6	Thirty minutes later , Malcolm and I stood outside the Notre Dame cathedral .
tr	11	I should have known Madam Eloise would be awake .
tr	9	The silver grey Audi picked him up as he went past High Wycombe .
tr	9	What , questioned Rafe , had he ever done to deserve this ?
tr	10	The next is something easy to see , We 'll just call it suicide maybe .
tr	10	" What do you expect to find , Finan ? "
tr	6	In the corner , on a small , heavily blanketed bed , a skeletal figure lay asleep .
tr	6	Someplace down river probably around Astor .
tr	9	The humans he ruled over , little more than slaves at first , very quickly began to believe him a god .
tr	9	It was still three minutes before the creature would hear her greeting .
tr	7	Every chance she gets , Mrs. Pond and her people take on Jake and his people .
tr	11	It 's not a pleasant thing to have on one 's conscience . "
tr	8	When I use ore , I know what I 'll get . "
tr	10	Connor finally felt like he could let it go .
tr	9	His mind was functioning better ; processing what he was seeing and touching .
tr	5	" No they don 't " she responded confusingly .
tr	7	His eyes opened and after a moment , he met Destro 's stare .
tr	10	It had begun as soon as they touched her .
tr	11	They had hundreds of years of seeing behind them .
tr	7	Rafe grinned and touched his lips to hers .
tr	8	I know I love him .
tr	9	" Please stop , " I whisper , and this seems to spur him on .
tr	11	The second fellow elbowed the one who 'd interrupted him and continued .
tr	8	Her eyes were open , but she wouldn 't react to anything .
tr	8	and of course they will all be in gold ' I added .
tr	10	" No , Nathan , if you do that they 'll just feel like broken toys .
tr	7	They now have Anna Godard in their hands .
tr	9	We have to know where !
tr	8	Charlie grabbed the man and spun him round .
tr	9	* It started to rain .
tr	10	" I 'm sure we 're over the Alps .
tr	10	" Do you know how much powder it needs ? "
tr	6	As they climbed , the tree swayed back and forth from their weight .
tr	10	Everyone thought they knew how he felt .
tr	10	" Yes , I suppose that was a little inconceivable considering my intellect . "
tr	11	As he looked through the trees , his eyes keen and searching , worry entered his face .
tr	11	VIN looked hard trying to see contrast on the ground .
tr	7	From the author of " Sumner Gardens " come eight spine-tingling tales of terror and wonder .
tr	11	You can 't expect me to not be a part of this .
tr	6	It was there -- and then , well , yes , it wasn 't .
tr	9	They reached the end of the alley and turned left , in the direction of the hill .
tr	5	" Just me , your lordship , " said the watchman cheerfully .
tr	9	After a breakfast of more wild bird 's eggs and strong black cowboy coffee the quartet continued the hike .
tr	7	AI projects had lacked real substance for years .
tr	9	Her eyes showed her heart and he leaned over , brushing his lips over her face .
tr	6	Zane was silent , his gaze moved slowly toward the boarded windows , then around the store .
tr	11	# 50 THUNDER Last time she asked him to call her Mia .
tr	8	' Why , don 't tell me you don 't recognise him , mother , ' he spat out .
tr	8	Lord Brogan came around the table and placed his hand on his son 's broad shoulder .
tr	6	" Mom was right , " Gabe says , " this isn 't a good life . "
tr	8	Brand looked at the witch for a few seconds , surprised by her grand prediction .
tr	8	" Because I went through the same thing , " she said .
tr	10	Looking up , he saw their orange trails glowing like tracers in the night sky .
tr	10	I also brought you a shotgun which should fit you too . "
tr	8	On his head he has four sharp horns , distinctive from the typical two .
tr	7	I 'd been through the wringer .
tr	11	But most importantly he wanted to tell him about the Angel and the adventures awaiting them .
tr	6	He clapped his hands , and the lights came on .
tr	7	Roberto pulled her closer and kissed her , demanding .
tr	9	Though her vision returns quickly , it is far from quick enough , the woman named Less nowhere to be found .
tr	9	" We have to go into the mountains , like we were planning before . "
tr	8	There was no time to waste .
tr	8	Angles and trajectories filled Zero 's mind as he calculated the optimal escape avenue .
tr	11	There are things you must hear from me alone .
tr	7	I found nothing but fox dens or rabbit holes .
tr	7	He straightened up , comb in hand , and watched them through the trees .
tr	9	the big man said as he snapped his fingers in the air .
tr	11	I felt like I was at the police for a murder .
tr	11	Simon gave Beppe a lift to the hospital on the back of his Vespa .
tr	11	Let them know this is not a drill .
tr	9	We are dependent to the king ; but our jurisdiction over the port is close to sovereign . "
tr	9	I said as I raised Atticus ' cup .
tr	11	She made me reach up to take it .
tr	10	I held back a chuckle as the officer tried to answer .
tr	6	That she might never see daylight again ?
tr	8	The stench of flesh filled my nostrils and I needed to vomit .
tr	11	Do you want to continue ? "
tr	6	The Bastian noble stared at me angrily for several seconds .
tr	5	" Yes , my dear , " she nodded , " but perhaps not now . "
tr	11	I do believe that I am still famished ! "
tr	7	He glanced up at her and smiled a beautiful , excited smile .
tr	9	I knew they wouldn 't believe me otherwise . "
tr	7	Before long , he was joined by Sergeant King .
tr	9	It is never too early in the day for some fun .
tr	10	He had been hoping to leave that night .
tr	5	" Lena , get inside .
tr	7	At least I have plenty of work , thought Ben .
tr	8	I was not prepared for such resistance , and I failed you .
tr	5	The Mamas and the Papas , Jefferson Airplane , Big Brother and the Holding Company .
tr	5	Did a doctor examine me ?
tr	7	" Are you alright ? "
tr	10	" Find us a ship to hide on .
tr	7	Their eyes filled with tears and lungs yearned for fresh air .
tr	7	When I entered the coffee shop , the smell of newly crushed coffee beans was a delight to my senses .
tr	9	" I 've never known grave digging to be a quick process . "
tr	8	" Merlo took care of your horses , good master ? "
tr	6	I alone moved forward into the clearing before the lake .
tr	9	His sword arm burned with exhaustion and his knees were like water , hardly able to sustain his weight .
tr	8	" Simon , I need just a few more minutes to process your registration .
tr	8	" What the hell is she doing , " he thought , " exercises ?
tr	9	If it had not been for Adele and Eda , we would have lost you . "
tr	9	His thoughts were interrupted as the door opened and a young man walked in with a tray of food .
tr	5	My little sister , Lily , is a tiny thing as well .
tr	10	What of those who lost me , and whom I lost ?
tr	5	" Those dinosaurs are so incredible , though ! "
tr	6	Two guards and the captain led the way , and two more brought up the rear .
tr	6	I 'm your mother , " Mrs. Collins said and sat on the couch .
tr	7	" Alas , I don 't expect so , " the captain answered sadly .
tr	9	Ted stood up and backed up to the edge of the bus roof .
tr	8	What on earth could I offer that your dad can 't ? "
tr	9	The next sensation she was aware of was the touch of a hand under her jaw .
tr	10	" Careful , you 're starting to sound like him . "
tr	9	I 'll ... " He was interrupted by my finger ending the call .
tr	8	" Look at the face of your enemy .
tr	5	Once again , the outer layer crept up the sides .
tr	10	I could see her little body shake with fright as I towered over her .
tr	8	Nothing was said between them but each had a grin on their faces .
tr	11	VIN had nothing else he could do , and let his boss in .
tr	8	There has been none among the wreckage . "
tr	11	" If that 's what you 're after , the man you want to talk to is my father . "
tr	7	She lifted the tray of empty glasses from the table .
tr	11	He must be made of solid steel , for my desperate thrashing doesn 't move him at all .
tr	5	" That 's impossible ! "
tr	6	Dear God , would he ever see Sarah and John again ?
tr	6	probably more than two , " he said wistfully .
tr	8	" An image projected onto molecules to give it shape and form . "
tr	7	Claire shrugged away the unwelcome suggestion and turned her attention to her surroundings .
tr	8	Thirty seconds later , there was a loud chirp and another thunk as the landing gear met the runway .
tr	10	You don 't play with things like this ? .
tr	11	Three infantrymen were stopped late one evening attempting to leave the camp .
tr	9	White hair springs from beneath a pale , blue cap in the hero 's signature style .
tr	6	" Altitude 87 feet ... 85 ... 84 feet , " added the pilot .
tr	5	" Why are ... " " Are you hurt ? "
tr	7	Rafe mouth was set grimly .
tr	8	The stewards arrived and began serving dinner .
tr	11	Sailors scattered around as they started to do their daily chorus .
tr	10	" It 's going to be hard getting down . "
tr	10	Will was able to step round it .
tr	10	But the path was veering to the right and would soon disappear into a forest of blue .
tr	7	Inside a modern kitchen and bathroom with ten foot ceilings , the bedroom the same .
tr	9	" But please , general , we have to get you out of here .
tr	7	A t-shirt with cut-off sleeves left the tattoo of blue Celtic symbols around his upper arm clearly visible .
tr	7	" As you so succinctly put it , I am not beloved by all men .
tr	7	I 'm not sure what , but he 's in a state .
tr	6	Fortunately , the grass stains were not too bad , and at least there were no rips or tears .
tr	7	" One ' killed ' in the initial blast , none wounded . "
tr	9	" You so helpfully chose to meet your father at the hotel .
tr	6	A petty thief on the other hand , " he shook his head and grimaced .
tr	11	He cast about right and left , as though expecting assault from any direction at any moment .
tr	7	I then attached string around all the pull pins and connected them to one single strand .
tr	9	He seemed to be enjoying this .
tr	6	When she finished , the managing director of Fidelity Security Services met her eyes and gave a slight nod .
tr	8	The Hunter paused , his expression hardening beneath his pale skin .
tr	10	The guards will be replaced , and Fuchs will shoot you down before you can speak .
tr	6	Danger is so close and they don 't know .
tr	5	" No , I imagine not , " Wellesley said , grudgingly .
tr	10	" I pulled our video gear before it went into the garage , " he continued .
tr	8	I think it is broken .
tr	11	" Did you say he was pushed ?
tr	9	Again , Tsubasa raised his hand and the staff snapped to attention .
tr	7	The dairy and all of the other shops were boarded up .
tr	7	I felt my armour turn-on its defence capabilities , long metallic claws came forth from my gloves .
tr	9	I begged to differ with the flowered apron .
tr	9	Simon , now back on a sealed road , proceeded to head back to the freeway .
tr	7	Kobi , this guy was an idiot , I mean , completely off his rocker .
tr	5	" And socially , " said Drake Gorn huffed .
tr	9	He drove faster and she went off of her feet and started being dragged .
tr	7	When he reached the ground he paid little attention to the surroundings .
tr	6	But with you , no experience , it will be risky and slow . "
tr	11	" It 's because I 've been trapped so long , my powers in this world are weakened .
tr	9	She just continued to stare at him .
tr	8	A faint amount of light spills through a large crack in the ceiling , illuminating the otherwise dim area .
tr	11	Alejo was glad his father appeared sufficiently cool-headed and rational , even after Alejo 's horrifying revelation .
tr	11	So Simon opted to use his left arm instead to throw the Yoyo .
tr	11	It was almost like the way Guardians , the personal guards of the Children and the Empress , moved .
tr	8	They spoke of their lives previous to the fighting , their villages , their families .
tr	7	Josie was taking this way too calmly .
tr	10	We have failed , though I know not exactly how .
tr	11	" Toby , " said Jacob , " what 's going on with 006 right now ? "
tr	10	" The last time we considered that , you bastards tried shooting us anyway !
tr	5	Without a word or cry , suddenly , the Riders halted .
tr	8	I drifted through a seemingly endless space , unaware and nonexistent .
tr	5	And now , we 're right here . "
tr	6	He burst out laughing and so did Missy .
tr	7	She may feed on humans one day , maybe not .
tr	11	Fiona picked up Sarah 's bowl from the ground where she 'd laid it , winked at Sarah and left .
tr	7	Without even thanking her , he tore into the food , and drank heavily from the skin .
tr	7	Dulles was only a half-hour away , but Northern Virginia traffic was notoriously unpredictable .
tr	11	Shall we just say that you are a writer ? "
tr	7	We climbed the stairs and walked into the gloom beyond .
tr	7	Our second Christmas together as a family is already here .
tr	10	What else would that Hunter want to take away from you ?
tr	7	" Punishment , job loss or , at its most primal and natural level , physical confrontation . "
tr	10	But each time I feed I can throw a little harder .
tr	7	He lives in the beautiful Pacific Northwest with his wife and three grown sons .
tr	10	Her voice was tight and shaking with the effort to remain controlled .
tr	10	He checked the backpack for a nametag , found it and lifted the leather flap only to find it blank .
tr	9	" Merci , I am glad that you like my country . "
tr	6	His lips against my neck , his mouth on my breast , his hot breath on my skin .
tr	8	Tork knew something had changed .
tr	8	Who wants to know ? "
tr	9	He takes it off our hands for a fair price , no questions asked . "
tr	11	Android looked at his squad leader and mumbled , " I love when he talks all sexy at us . "
tr	9	Well , we were watching an entry from 80,000 BC and we saw what caused it ! "
tr	6	The temporary ' scales ' over his eyes suddenly fell off , completely .
tr	7	In this light , the blanket 's colour looked even more red and warmer than it already was .
tr	8	His voice is too loud , even though he 's whispering .
tr	9	It was well clear of his head so he turned back over onto his hands and knees .
tr	7	Surprises were falling like raindrops .
tr	6	" We need not starve , " he said .
tr	5	" A bit basic , isn 't it ? "
tr	8	" You 've done well Hunter , " he whispered in discreet tone .
tr	6	" Great , now you 're a bard , " I said , and fired .
tr	6	" Firstly , what self-respecting creepy mansion wouldn 't have a secret doorway ?
tr	9	asked Jennie , heading out onto the course the golf pro driving the golf cart .
tr	8	Settling back and letting the locomotive rock us , our new companion tried to answer that very question .
tr	5	To the north a mere fifty feet loomed a massive black cliff .
tr	9	He pounded his chest , tears in his eyes , until the coughing attack stopped .
tr	9	She wondered if he were doing the same thing .
tr	9	" It 's balanced in all directions too , " Wilbur explained , " to a fiftieth of an ounce . "
tr	8	A horn blared behind them , jolting him back to the present .
tr	10	When they arrived , he was still bound , gagged , and tied to a wheelchair in the medical device aisle .
tr	8	The room was at least fifty feet long and perhaps half of that wide .
tr	6	" Oh , you startled me , " Missy said .
tr	9	" Whoa , missus , that is not a good idea . "
tr	10	He fumbled , nearly losing the woozy girl but managed to maintain a firm grip on her .
tr	7	* * * Sue Hanley stared down at the holiday roast she had cooked .
tr	6	" Thanks for translating , " Noah told her , then dropped his arm and smiled .
tr	7	The ladies were looking upon him with fawning expressions .
tr	6	Wine sloshed against his boots .
tr	10	" Glad to see both of you . "
tr	6	The camera panned a zoo , then a wild animal farm .
tr	8	" Have you heard anything else ? "
tr	6	" That could only mean ... " " The master 's room .
tr	9	Bron reached out a hand to it , but Rand stopped him pulling the weapon free .
tr	6	On the other hand , the guy didn 't seem dangerous .
tr	5	And not in front of civilians . "
tr	6	Even the animals below the house were quiet .
tr	7	She drew in a deep breath and tried again .
tr	6	The Undertaker Man 's face frosted over , and he gave Matthew a sinister look .
tr	11	Mai instructs as the boy ducks to the side , dodging the simple strike with ease .
tr	8	The pulse shield takes most of the damage but the force sends Warrior into another uncontrolled spin .
tr	7	His eyes were sunk deep in his massive skull .
tr	7	His black hand throttled Mr. Aker 's throat and lifted him easily into the air .
tr	5	" You actually weren 't too far off our original plan .
tr	9	An unbelievably loud roar rips through her skull and she cries out in excruciating pain .
tr	11	He turned to see who stood outside .
tr	10	They had reached the northern edge of this extension of the mountains .
tr	6	The next day , one of the two would bleed .
tr	11	I 'm sure we 'll all appreciate something less formal . "
tr	7	Elaina took it with a sniff and tossed it over a pine bough .
tr	10	Dust flies , only meters from where Lisa is standing .
tr	7	" Didn 't we dance the night away under the perfect starlit sky ? "
tr	6	A cascade of water shot upwards and outwards like a steaming jet from an erupting geyser .
tr	8	She continued in her loud voice as if he hadn 't spoken .
tr	8	It was her cave ... ... her sanctuary .
tr	8	And that meant clearing out of the city .
tr	10	We 've lived there as long as I can remember .
tr	7	Then , without notice he was gone and the rest of the company settled in for a short rest .
tr	10	Now we have to try to sleep .
tr	8	Some sort of warning device would 've been better , you know what I mean ?
tr	8	Relieved , Harry still felt a little uncomfortable with the invitation , but also sensed a precious moment .
tr	8	Wouldn 't you want to hit back ?
tr	7	His face is wrecked with heroic intent .
tr	7	His statement of fact could not have been more accurate .
tr	9	He gave a fleeting glance then continued on to the other side .
tr	8	He looked away before saying his next words .
tr	8	It would have to do .
tr	10	" Sure they tended to get exploited but look at them now , " he said .
tr	5	- - - Missile and I ripped up the beach .
tr	9	Unable to stifle his laughter , Ganondorf reveals himself to the Twilight Princess .
tr	10	But as the day wore on , the novelty died , and the Prince returned to brooding upon his situation .
tr	9	None of them spoke as they jogged down the leafy paths deeper into the Wilds .
tr	6	George sat up on the bridge together with Drew , Rick and Gary .
tr	9	And to answer your question , no , it wasn 't easy placing it there .
tr	5	James Denton ( actor , Desperate Housewives ) : The Ghost and Mr. Chicken [ 1966 ] .
tr	10	I learned Bob and Steve were turned by two separate Vampires . "
tr	9	She turned to her sister , " Vivien , do you have any luggage ? "
tr	8	She came closer , opening herself to him .
tr	8	Shivering slightly , he crouched down closer behind the balustrade , intently scanning the shadows under the overhanging gallery .
tr	9	" Beppe , I need you to protect him for a while .
tr	11	A growing commotion sounds from the square and Zelda realizes the time has come for her speech .
tr	5	And your tiny little fists hurt my sensitive human skin . "
tr	10	He looked down at the tiny blonde when she turned and looked up at him .
tr	11	Lilly Ann chirped her " Good Morning " into the room on her way to the kitchen to get breakfast ready .
tr	8	" Old in body , but older in the soul ; I would not let you kiss me .
tr	6	The Great Juice Dilemma " Daddy , " my young daughter asked out of the blue during breakfast .
tr	7	At the nave of the giant hall , Phillip rose .
tr	10	Rafe decided in those first few moments that her hair was probably not the only mousy thing about her .
tr	11	Do you have a permit for that thing ? "
tr	7	Her story is remarkable , I wondered forgetting my own troubles .
tr	10	The thing moved out from the wall and a grotesque shadows moved with it .
tr	10	" Why did you say that I was your sister 's grandson ? "
tr	5	" Oh , uh ... " He screwed up his face .
tr	10	She felt like throwing the rock at the fancy young lord the old-fashioned way .
tr	9	She said she had not seen me .
tr	11	She had a feeling she knew why .
tr	11	It didn 't fool Kaylie a bit , but she let him think it did .
tr	9	Understand you caught a lot of flack over those , forced you into early retirement .
tr	11	He turned and found Philip standing behind him dangling a miniature lacrosse stick from his little fist .
tr	10	" Sure , I can direct one CPU to feed audio and video feeds to you . "
tr	8	There 's nothing good about it ... no light can come from such a thing .
tr	9	The air was calm so the chimes did not move or sound but they were impressive nonetheless .
tr	9	" was all she could say .
tr	6	He was a formidable man , but he wasn 't threatening .
tr	9	Part of what drew customers was incorporating big tourist spots like the Louvre .
tr	6	His hair , a rare blond shade , almost gold , hung in a ponytail down his back .
tr	7	" You should get out of the rain . "
tr	9	They drove up to the front of the lodge and parked .
tr	7	With a motion from the couple , more people joined them on the dance floor and the party started in earnest .
tr	6	Lo pulls on a black lab coat , skull and crossbones on the pocket .
tr	6	A narrow , gloomy stairwell opened up beneath me .
tr	6	With that , the young thief slipped back down the sewer grating and was gone .
tr	9	Lance sends forth his power while gritting his teeth and laughing insanely .
tr	9	" I thought you were avoiding the water . "
tr	9	Of course , we 'd have to wall off everything . "
tr	9	To start , I explained who we were and where we came from .
tr	9	There was a large , black , metal cylinder on the south side of the garage .
tr	7	He turned and saw Nathan and the relief in his face was evident .
tr	11	Just act like you know what you 're doing . "
tr	6	She just stopped , shook her head , cracked her neck , and moved forward .
tr	8	We are of the same bloodline and the essence of Vampyre is strong in our veins .
tr	10	They were all in their own worlds of life and death or flight preparation .
tr	5	" Not since ... Wow , Monday , I guess . "
tr	11	They have ticked someone off enough to throw rocks at our house . "
tr	7	Her mother 's death had certainly left its mark on her father .
tr	6	" We were tricked , " the hag of an old woman said on her knees before me .
tr	10	Then she stopped and looked up , realizing that she was surrounded .
tr	8	As they came along side the first canoe Dave reached out and tipped it over with the paddle .
tr	8	She turned hard to the left , blowing a traffic signal and nearly flattening a lackadaisical pensioner .
tr	6	He smiled pleasantly , then spoke , " Good afternoon gentlemen .
tr	9	The figure removed the hood revealing a woman of splendor and beauty .
tr	6	He was brash , stubborn , arrogant , prideful , indestructible , and a whole many other things .
tr	11	I ducked , narrowly avoiding the blade aimed at my neck , and let go of the guns .
tr	7	Together Noah and Hailey ate their first meals of the early spring .
tr	11	He 's getting tired of hanging around the glaciers .
tr	10	Grace heard their demo after seeing them live .
tr	11	This is what you requested in return for electricity through next summer , correct ?
tr	9	" Zombie " was one of the least technical , but probably the most popular .
tr	6	" I understand , " she said , " we will wait out here . "
tr	8	Moreover , why did Mike send it to him rather than going straight to her ?
tr	9	Dare to live for once .
tr	7	' I am sorry , mademoiselle , but I only sell men 's clothes . "
tr	7	" Yes , yes of course , " said Natalie nodding her head .
tr	9	Moving over to the bed he tilts up her chin for a brief , but passionate kiss .
tr	7	He put it in gear and eased out of the garage .
tr	5	Off the shoulder silk peasant top , check , one flat leopard skin sandal , yuk .
tr	10	" Who ... who 's gone loopy ? "
tr	7	" In order , I 'm talking about the Faith .
tr	5	" No , my Lord , I was not so empowered . "
tr	8	Treviso was just as picturesque as they had imagined .
tr	7	Everywhere , these rogues were popping up and sowing violence and discontent .
tr	7	He looked bleak , a little uncomfortable , and very irritated .
tr	9	' At this rate , if they don 't kill us , you will for sure , ' he said lightly .
tr	11	Since then I 've watched the world go through monumental changes many good , some not so good .
tr	8	" You can wait 20 seconds , " she replied , dragging him by the hand through the kitchen .
tr	8	It takes more than a handful of black creatures to ward me off . "
tr	5	" I missed you , too . "
tr	10	I 'll turn on the water heater so you can have a hot shower .
tr	11	His eyes widened as he watched the others eat their sorbets .
tr	11	I watched the signs on the each house I passed it , which was written the number .
tr	10	We 've already confirmed that they have no cameras down there . '
tr	7	Zoe looked hard at the axe , cracked a smile and hurled it off into the woods .
tr	9	There just was no way they were simple orphans .
tr	9	Let the thing come , whatever it is .
tr	9	He turns to look at the driver .
tr	6	With that I contacted the high commission and arranged my journey .
tr	8	Eda glanced nervously from one to the other and then across at Adele .
tr	10	Asst. Sgt. Fowler just nodded as he jumped down off the wagon and came around to the back .
tr	11	There is nothing like the wisdom that age brings to sort these things out . "
tr	8	Raising his hand , he dropped it into his pocket and hoped nobody noticed .
tr	8	What was there to say ?
tr	7	In the background , I could hear men dying and weapons discharging .
tr	8	If you had slept a wink last night you may have seem them for yourself . "
tr	10	" First we need to find out where we are . "
tr	9	Simon clapped his hands as he leaned back in his chair .
tr	11	He could see someone looking down off the edge of the cliff .
tr	7	Josie smashed her elbow against the glass , shattering it .
tr	9	He got out of the car and went into the gloomy house , heading straight for his computer .
tr	7	I became interested in Mesoamerica especially the Mayan civilization .
tr	7	Had they followed that rule ?
tr	8	Something in his gut was telling him not to go .
tr	8	Captain Pitt signed that one extra piece of paper , and he was in .
tr	9	" No , I 've been thinking about that , " said Andy .
tr	10	Maybe she had , but it no longer mattered for the end had been the same .
tr	6	And then I couldn 't help it .
tr	8	" I don 't get it , " Mark said , looking back to Carlos .
tr	8	But if I may be so boorish and bold ... can they all be trusted ? "
tr	9	Josh grinned up at Claire from the gorge below and cupped his hands to his mouth .
tr	9	Linda thought she was faking it .
tr	8	Strike while the iron is hot , thought Mike .
tr	11	Karen knew that if there was one person her boys respected it was their Uncle Jeff .
tr	8	Lonnie and Ricky dove into the water , swam past the dock and continued on across the lake .
tr	5	After some more awkward silence , the red haired woman 's father spoke again .
tr	9	Josie lay unmoving in her tent , listening .
tr	8	Mai insists , another attack already closing from behind .
tr	10	" This place reminds me a lot of home in England . "
tr	7	Two storeys below , we came to a high containment , stainless steel door .
tr	7	" Heavy patrol activity closing in on the shelter , " he said with a frown .
tr	8	Her smile grew , dancing in her grey eyes .
tr	9	As they had once upon a time been ' real ' mechanics they were exempted from the spitting .
tr	9	" It 's o.k. , ... thanks ... em , " he mumbled softly .
tr	6	Dylan was also angry , the short fuse of his temper not helped by his night in jail .
tr	7	I hit the ground , rolled to one knee and rapidly squeezed the triggers .
tr	7	The basilisk suddenly darted out from behind the door .
tr	6	Next to the house is a large metal barn .
tr	8	' I could , and I do master work from other studios but recordings benefit from fresh ears .
tr	11	It is NOT meant to be canon content .
tr	10	Just do what the man tells you , you 'll be fine . "
tr	9	Besides , Amanda would never joke about something like this .
tr	10	The second backpack contained pretty much the same thing except the map book was replaced by a romance novel .
tr	9	* * * Mr. Clancy and the others cautiously worked their way through the low trenches between the towering mountains .
tr	6	Then Ivy 's whole body jerked and her eyes popped open , wide , startled , looking directly at Alexia .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry I 've been a pain .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	Circles on front look like a bike lock or combination lock .
tr	7	If shooting didn 't work , maybe beheading would .
tr	9	This time I knew I was down wind .
tr	9	Would you want to join us for lunch first ?
tr	11	Such a conversation would be filled , no doubt , with a great deal of soul searching .
tr	8	I 'm as much native as Lex and probably you too .
tr	9	Andy passed over a thermos flask of hot coffee and then a sandwich .
tr	9	Without it , Joe was certain to still be here .
tr	6	' Hang on a minute -- ' started Reid .
tr	8	With a sigh , she bent her knee and accepted the lift up onto the large bay 's back .
tr	9	He managed to turn his head towards the voice .
tr	9	" Kingdoms of snow , Northern Kingdoms , birds that speak ; this is all very confusing . "
tr	5	" Such a way , you do , " she said and laughed .
tr	11	I bent to help her pick them up and she stared at me .
tr	10	The smartly dressed gentleman in the grey Audi tucked in four cars behind looked apprehensively at his fuel gauge .
tr	9	Sarah looked into the distance and her gaze seemed to glaze over .
tr	11	She tensed , waiting for retaliation against her obvious displeasure , but it didn 't come .
tr	9	" I don 't like you walking up to them alone .
tr	9	All I know is directions , and if the sun goes behind a cloud , I 'm done . "
tr	11	I 've been very eager to meet you in person .
tr	10	How was the experience of money for you , John ?
tr	11	He put it down to the increasing number of professional soldiers joining their ranks .
tr	6	I quickly passed 2,000 feet , and then 5,000 feet .
tr	6	He says , he loves this town and its people .
tr	6	Too soon the navigator clambered back from the cockpit .
tr	9	Except Jessica , who sat at the table , ready to eat .
tr	11	I thought it quaint how we had met .
tr	11	She was wound so tight she was ready to snap .
tr	9	It 's hard to tell though .
tr	7	Dressed exclusively in white like scientists they expressed unwavering concentration on their synths and drum machines .
tr	8	Dangerous as it was , we couldn 't wait for better visibility .
tr	11	Given our day 's travels , we were all too keen to accept this offer of hospitality .
tr	6	' Little Spirit willing my PA will get three studio quotes tomorrow .
tr	10	" How exactly would a crew make money for us if we weren 't doing our own jobs ? "
tr	8	I hobbled back to my room and dragged the box out of my closet .
tr	6	" Of course , at first , back then , we were calling it the tiny tiny chip .
tr	10	" I don 't give a shit about any of you morons .
tr	11	It really was kind of nice down here though , Camden had to admit .
tr	8	' Who the hell keeps that kind of thing in his house ? '
tr	7	It must all be a misunderstanding , it 's impossible that ... But it wasn 't .
tr	7	He continued when Mike nodded .
tr	10	" I figured -- " A car roared by , blotting out Mason 's voice for a moment .
tr	9	He saw their bemused looks and continued on .
tr	8	Before Snow Job could respond , both Blizzard and Frostbite responded in unison , " No . "
tr	7	" That kid has to eat .
tr	10	Neither saw a figure dressed in overalls and work boots slip past .
tr	10	I had been right to bring her .
tr	9	" Paperwork has to be filed correctly .
tr	10	Obviously , they were just as tired of hearing it as Neil was .
tr	11	She knew that it couldn 't be easy for him .
tr	9	She asked her all the normal questions and made note of the tiny tattoos George had mentioned .
tr	7	The chain dropped with a clank , and patiently the two began again .
tr	8	The insistent buzzing of the intercom on her bedside table brought Jen out of her sleep .
tr	9	" For your crimes against all of creation , I pass judgment in her stead .
tr	5	Two hour shifts , then we wake the next guy .
tr	9	" You fell into a fresh stack of branches and tree bark they had left there a few days earlier .
tr	11	" And where were you ?
tr	8	Turbulence threw the small plane about like a cork on the water .
tr	8	They 're both so much stronger than I am .
tr	5	" Probably Kate Winslet , though my mom loves Denzel Washington . "
tr	11	She always made an impression of taking information in like a sponge .
tr	6	With a smile , she held her arms out to Riki and Neil .
tr	8	After I drop you off , I 'll go to the flight center and get special permission .
tr	5	" So does Boeing , " added General Saunders .
tr	6	Her head snapped back again , this time the movement sharper , her eyes were wide , her face ashen .
tr	11	There was a barely audible gasp from the woman at the end of the passage .
tr	9	I took the Glock 17 from the holster on my hip and checked the magazine .
tr	10	I said , " We manage to limp along , how about you ? "
tr	11	They did not know what to do for their uncle .
tr	6	A pair of French double doors led off to the left into a large , open living room .
tr	9	Do you believe him ? "
tr	5	No , that was not fair .
tr	8	He put a hand on Fish 's elbow , guiding him toward an enormous wooden crate .
tr	6	" But , " she continues , " you 're both just so ... lucky ! "
tr	9	The weather continued to bully the earth with a mischievous grin .
tr	8	" No , no , " Tom disagreed , " you came here after all , didn 't you ? "
tr	8	It was finding friends with strange passions and loud laughs .
tr	9	And they would have made a killing on the extras like the excursions and other things like that .
tr	6	Roberto grinned , his anger forgotten .
tr	8	They threw him down , and in our sight , kicked and spat upon him .
tr	9	Who knew how Eva would cope ?
tr	11	" I bet I know where the younger brothers are going .
tr	11	That meant I had to help him .
tr	9	When Cobb saw the gleam of comprehension in his eyes , he went on .
tr	9	Who wanted to screw up ?
tr	10	The reflection bounced off the enemy position to be picked up by the sensor array on the flagship .
tr	7	' It is true , I was a clown , ' confessed Red , glancing awkwardly up at Eben .
tr	10	" Look , I 've got to find my friends , " he said .
tr	8	She liked hunting , and she was good at it .
tr	9	Do I need too ? "
tr	5	' Shall I - ' ' It was a joke ! '
tr	11	" I fear we will not see many of them again . "
tr	7	In the new pool of light , Matthew noticed something in the cowboy 's other hand .
tr	9	She had the feeling it started again .
tr	9	" My dear boy , you cannot traipse around Kyiv looking for a cheap room .
tr	7	At the door to the elevator , he turned and pointed at us .
tr	7	" He could still be a superhero , " Carlos said defensively .
tr	8	She threw some of Tim 's old clothes over to Andy .
tr	8	If Nigel Hawthorne was involved , she had to move fast .
tr	10	Let 's list these ideas and see what comes of them . '
tr	7	She couldn 't see and was having trouble breathing .
tr	7	" That night was , and will always be , a tragedy , " the king 's voice breaks .
tr	8	He felt the shock of bullets , and suddenly the ground reached up and hit him .
tr	11	Chuck wondered how many people even knew Hank was murdered .
tr	5	" No , sweetie , " she said .
tr	9	She cries , tucking into a fetal position and flipping forward .
tr	6	" Not my finest hour but , like I said , not my choice either . "
tr	6	Her face felt bruised and swollen ; her shoulder felt broken .
tr	7	Maria moved away from the breakfast table and all but sprinted for the door .
tr	8	Far behind the Union front line , the doctor had searched for a suitable location to operate .
tr	10	He sighed , but still didn 't answer , having his attention on the unpacking .
tr	8	The fumes from the chloroform rag hit the back of my nose , making me gag .
tr	9	By the time the knock came on the apartment door , Alejo felt like he 'd been awake forever .
tr	9	" You don 't get to just come back .
tr	6	" Warrior is online , " Warrior 's monotone voice repeats .
tr	8	" Did you come to the Rump the day the vessel was found ? "
tr	7	" You may not remember me , but my name is Arthur Cobb .
tr	8	When I work myself up into a masochistic zeal , I open my new laptop and Google myself online .
tr	7	Chains stretched out from his waist , his legs , his arms , his wrists , and his neck .
tr	10	Try to be quiet until then . "
tr	9	Best to play it cool .
tr	10	I could hardly bring myself to watch him ride .
tr	9	Tsuyoshi , the bartender , asked Mike where in Japan he lived .
tr	10	Helen was seating in front of the elevator 's doors waiting for it .
tr	9	" But I wanted to bring the starfish to school ! "
tr	6	As the music ended , Branden spun her one last time .
tr	7	" He won 't hurt you , " Gabe whispers .
tr	8	Amanda 's brow furrowed as she considered their options .
tr	8	The ship and crew are yours for as long as you 'd like . "
tr	9	He looked up as his old friend sat behind the desk .
tr	10	I watch the scar move as he speaks .
tr	5	On the inside cover , above the printed instructions , was a large symbol .
tr	9	The doorman eyed us coolly when we walked up to him .
tr	10	Guess which shot she chose .
tr	7	They had seen no one over the first few miles .
tr	10	That 's what it feels like inside the airplane .
tr	9	That 's what we 'll do ; build . "
tr	7	" Away with you , " she replied , secretly delighted .
tr	8	He looked at their startled faces ; the corporal gulped and finally said , " Yes sir . "
tr	6	" Come with me , " he said .
tr	10	The question might be something of great import to her that gave away little .
tr	6	Hotter than any fire , heavier than any iron , red as blood .
tr	7	On the other side of the club , two dark haired men sat at a table staring at me .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry , I don 't mean to be a jerk . "
tr	8	God , that 's lame . "
tr	7	Bonus Chapters from Devil 's Kitchen 1 .
tr	10	My concern is that twice we 've visited and you 've been closed .
tr	10	" And I tried to call the American embassy in Dublin , " he said , pulling out his cell phone .
tr	10	Ted had known exactly where he was going and now he was getting close to his destination .
tr	8	" It doesn 't matter , " he adds , speaking under his breath .
tr	11	" Why are working here when it 's so unpleasant and dangerous for you ? "
tr	10	The concept emerged within his heart and he had no time to tell her .
tr	7	His wrists and ankles were similarly bound with electrician ties .
tr	11	In fact , that was probably why Aimee and I were friends -- because she could talk to me .
tr	11	" We have to hope that Sampson or his spies make a mistake . "
tr	10	He felt the seat beneath him lift him up and toss him around like a roller coaster .
tr	8	" Get down here Billy and let 's give these people a proper stick fighting demonstration ! "
tr	5	Hey , thanks again , " I said and hung up the phone .
tr	9	His gaze shifted to the still figure between Anna and me .
tr	5	Adele 's voice sounded weary but surprised .
tr	5	" What about the warehouse ? "
tr	6	really messed up , Rupert .
tr	9	" Man , how long does it take to get an illegal passport ? "
tr	9	The stories were simply too much to live up to , even now .
tr	10	" What is wrong with you Glock ! "
tr	8	They could now see the mouth of Yellow Leaf Creek .
tr	5	We were on-again , off-again , on-again , off-again , wash , rinse , repeat .
tr	11	This has got to be the doings of Sam Houston .
tr	9	Ron was an executive and until recently , the two were only casual acquaintances .
tr	11	" The fact that he has not is proof that something is very wrong , " returned Adele .
tr	8	I was intensely aware of her heartbeat against my chest .
tr	7	" Maya , get to an escape pod , they are right down that hall .
tr	9	I needed to pick the fact from fiction .
tr	8	You haven 't changed a bit since the old days , " she said to herself .
tr	10	They were all now well aware of how valuable their Underground rail had been .
tr	9	" Want to try it again ? "
tr	10	They should be able to hear us .
tr	5	Eyes narrowing , Izzy accused , " You 're jealous . "
tr	8	Very sloppy , " he murmured as he congratulated himself .
tr	10	replied Simon whilst attempting to get himself into a more upright sitting position .
tr	7	" And the second one is zero too , " said Andy .
tr	10	" I can take care of both of us . "
tr	10	He breathed a sigh of relief and vowed he wouldn 't be so sloppy next time .
tr	9	" Why don 't you head to London or somewhere , do some city hostels until the spring at least ? "
tr	11	Please , he thought , looking out from the tunnel up at the stars .
tr	7	You are making it too much of an issue .
tr	9	Chapter Twenty One " I 'll come , " said Andy , as he jumped to his feet .
tr	10	And he explained to Ben what had happened .
tr	11	" I mean do you need a minute ? "
tr	11	It took three attempts to get the key in the ignition and find a gear .
tr	8	The sugary smells made me feel sick .
tr	6	" Can we talk about it on the road ? "
tr	6	Well good luck , " she nods with a smile .
tr	9	The group paused then burst out into laughter .
tr	7	' Hah , working together through me , these weak , puny creatures have turned your own power against you ! '
tr	7	" Not much else we can do really Sir , " said David , " other than continuing the surveillance .
tr	9	He had bent to tie his shoes .
tr	6	Still laughing he retreated out of the house .
tr	9	While everyone else had an air of desperation , you seemed more ... excited by the events .
tr	7	After that , the lady ruler had him groomed , saddled and stocked for our trip the next morning .
tr	10	Muhammad let go of the bowl with a yelp , but it just floated there in midair .
tr	7	Definitely not before you know my name . "
tr	6	" Buttons , farming , chips , sewer works , electricity , cartoons , plumbing , thimbles , lollipops ? "
tr	9	Are you a friend of Jon 's ? "
tr	10	He 'd need that to get in .
tr	7	The only indication of the sender 's identity was a long string of digits .
tr	11	I 'd be glad to cook for Sebastian . '
tr	11	' It 's not John I 'm bothered about , ' Katherine said .
tr	9	But he found he couldn 't help himself .
tr	8	And I could ask her why the hell she left .
tr	8	Hell , lots of people want to be you .
tr	9	Your contrails are now out of sight of ground . "
tr	6	The building 's exterior paled in comparison to the space before us .
tr	5	" And now the Senate has its own Legions , too . "
tr	7	Charlie dropped the gun , his head fell back down , and he let out a painful breath .
tr	9	Sarah placed the toasted biscuits on a plate with a dish of jam and goat butter and set them between them .
tr	6	By her face , Eva didn 't believe him either .
tr	7	" Of course not , think not a thing of it .
tr	7	Clancy placed a towel around his shoulders and he quickly dried his hair .
tr	9	After watching Jurassic Park for the first time , he and Mike had both become rabid dinosaur enthusiasts .
tr	10	He seemed to relax , just a bit , and let his hand drop to his side .
tr	6	She came back into her body , tired , so tired , but stronger as well .
tr	8	" If needs be we 'll invoke the Counter Terrorism Act ... . .
tr	11	The feral creature lets out a howl as it suddenly pounces with a swipe of its claws .
tr	7	Across the street , on the corner , was a branch of the American Subway restaurant chain .
tr	7	But one particular admirer got the best of me . "
tr	9	Claire wanted to kick out at the desk .
tr	11	There was no arguing with that kind of logic .
tr	11	Let him think she was wrong .
tr	9	He was too afraid to even move .
tr	6	Three people in the apartment , all in the study .
tr	9	She is not pregnant ; it 's from eating human flesh . "
tr	7	He unlocked the heavy-duty military padlocks and flipped the lid open .
tr	9	Both men spun to see a black bear standing about twenty yards up the hillside .
tr	8	There was a noticeable change in the Minister 's face .
tr	8	" Did you have to beat everyone up , including the women ? "
tr	11	Running away from the self-loathing and pity that compete for dominance .
tr	5	So tonight , Warrior Woman Henrietta , you have a holiday . '
tr	10	I wondered why I missed seeing it earlier .
tr	6	As expected , he gently pushed me away .
tr	8	I told him how she died , and he never even blinked .
tr	6	" I once thought my daughter and my granddaughters the greatest treasure I could possess . "
tr	9	The family seems to linger only in those early years .
tr	6	Either way , I misjudged him , and it cost her dearly .
tr	7	It is a delightful island , peaceful and quiet and I needed some tranquillity back then .
tr	5	" You could always run . "
tr	7	Did you not know he was the village schoolmaster ?
tr	8	I traced a small , faded rectangular mark on the rear of the gilded frame with the tips of my fingers .
tr	10	They wore sunglasses and carried backpacks probably filled with spy gadgets they 'd bought off eBay .
tr	9	That is no reason for him to lose it . "
tr	9	As silence stretched out between them , Adele felt emboldened to ask a question .
tr	8	He smiled back , his heart racing at her smile .
tr	9	The cougar would have to come down sooner or later .
tr	7	She touched a few buttons on the pad 's screen before continuing .
tr	7	These abnormal activities include many mythological beast , folk lore creatures and magic interfering with ordinary people 's sedimentary lives .
tr	6	Ethan 's voice sounded tinny thanks to my distance from the speaker .
tr	6	After a meditative pause , he added , " Sailing is sort of dangerous . "
tr	8	As Steve fell to his knees , Simon swung his right leg out in a sweeping motion .
tr	11	They 've had to shock me once a day for almost a year . "
tr	9	You haven 't left me alone since I found her . "
tr	6	In less than a year , the spoiled brat had become a one-woman wrecking team .
tr	6	It 's his friends and companions , his family and his deeds today , that matter . "
tr	11	Beppe terminated the call before he gave ' Beta ' a chance to answer .
tr	9	He floated the smaller lead case toward the reactor using his jet pack and opened the reactor 's door .
tr	5	" In a word , Fuchs was livid .
tr	11	But the strangest thing wasn 't finding a towering hulk of a wild man holding him captive in a shack .
tr	7	Her massive room had a king-size bed and four matching dressers , everything painted with bright and fresh colors .
tr	10	It was a simple truth that couldn 't be denied .
tr	11	I nodded politely and opened up the Cherokee 's passenger door for her like any good chauffeur should .
tr	11	Are you trying to get caught ? "
tr	6	" You enter my castle , disobey orders and insult my hospitality in my own home ! "
tr	5	" Paging Dr. Matthews , Paging Dr. Matthews , " filled the airwaves .
tr	11	" I 'm sorry if you have misunderstood , Miss Cantwell , but it is very important to me .
tr	8	At this point , I think we 're all insane . "
tr	8	" I have always loved you , Eda , but there are complications . "
tr	5	At least half of them are of the Manta design .
tr	5	In a high pitched , squeaky voice he said , " Yeah .
tr	7	He lowered his seat into a comfortable position and closed his eyes .
tr	11	He did want to avoid them .
tr	7	Know what I mean ? "
tr	5	' Luckily , it has an electronic combination lock . '
tr	8	A second SUV was racing up the packed avenue towards the couple .
tr	7	I made it to the road and started down the sidewalk .
tr	9	I can 't have slept that long !
tr	8	He doesn 't even seem to care !
tr	10	" Do you want some of my medication ? "
tr	10	He swung out of the saddle with the slow grace of one avoiding sudden movement .
tr	8	Two more would not be much of a burden .
tr	7	Miriam and Mana watched for a moment , but nothing else happened .
tr	10	Joe would be tough to kill , but Ted had certain advantages as well .
tr	6	" Yes , well , it turns out it a ... eh ... false alarm . "
tr	8	Beside the marble altar were two large gilded candleholders , each meant to hold three candles .
tr	7	Parnell sat back and looked at the images absently for a few moments .
tr	5	' Not so good , ' said Bruno .
tr	7	" For crying out loud , Lizzie , you 're calling them by name now ? "
tr	8	Looks to be a rough day tomorrow honey , try to get some sleep . "
tr	8	Oddly , the bark was superior for cough and sore throat .
tr	11	They had not realized their pace had slowed to a near crawl .
tr	8	" Precisely , " said Professor Bamford , breaking into the Chancellor 's thoughts .
tr	11	They gave her the precious eggs that made life so much more bearable .
tr	9	Then it was time to go home .
tr	5	" Fetch pencil and paper , Justine , and then write down all the names . "
tr	9	In the stillness he could hear the cheerful sound of water trickling down the rocks into the pool .
tr	8	This remark brought more tears and pleading from the older gentleman , but Professor Johnson remained calm and showed little emotion .
tr	10	He stepped outside and returned with it filled with snow .
tr	7	Whatever the next adventure might be , at least I wouldn 't be facing it alone .
tr	10	" I suppose you could say that , " replied Ted .
tr	8	I 'll close my eyes for just a moment , she reasoned .
tr	11	' Of course , I still need to take care of your delightful granddaughter and that bastard half-breed grandson of yours .
tr	9	" Uh , " she began , " mind telling us who this guy is ? "
tr	5	" Howdy , Mister , " he said and stuck out his hand .
tr	7	All of the kids ' clothes and toys stayed behind .
tr	6	The guy nodded , his mouth open and the fear clearly on his face .
tr	8	Josie , her arm now bandaged , watched all this from the back of the ambulance .
tr	7	" We won 't , we promise " said Phillip and then he hugged me .
tr	6	He grabs my shoulders and pulls .
tr	9	Do you have flashlights ? "
tr	6	" Let me explain . "
tr	7	Drew and Angelique dropped down into a saunter and made their way along the street .
tr	9	He stopped at the leftmost of the six when he saw something different about it .
tr	11	They lived in anything that would shelter them .
tr	7	A few paces away a cluster of people stood , giggling and shoving each other .
tr	9	It 's the bloodletting which does it . "
tr	11	It was time to be gone , and quickly .
tr	8	His job , on his first day in space , was finished .
tr	7	Startled , Dane stood there for a moment , and then tenderly put his arms around her .
tr	9	Maybe the sick humour is to keep the adults amused .
tr	6	The faint whispers of energy I know so well .
tr	8	The man stepped to the right and kicked the second alien in the chest , knocking him to the ground .
tr	5	" Yeah , " Tori answered and they went upstairs .
tr	7	The tunnel became dark again with nothing , but the light of the four moons shining through the exit .
tr	11	" And got us in this mess , too , I 'll be thinking , " the other man said .
tr	10	There were two ways to approach this .
tr	7	Mark folded his newspaper and tucked it under his arm .
tr	7	The room was on the second floor and the windows looked straight at the sun .
tr	10	Cathy stopped and began to talk to Maggie .
tr	10	" Oh my gosh , an island would be a perfect place to hide a hostage . "
tr	8	The knob is rusted and , after some struggle with the key , Gabe heaves it open .
tr	6	But , as I said , the others initiated those .
tr	10	Please I need to come . "
tr	9	" When I first met you , I thought you were just like your parents .
tr	7	" As long as you don 't mind blood all over your car .
tr	6	All his hopes and dreams in me .
tr	8	Red Talon had killed a deer and brought it to her , and she had butchered it and dried the meat .
tr	10	Her heart leapt and sank at the prospect of seeing him .
tr	7	Most of these approached their death with resignation and some even said dignity .
tr	10	Claire had already guessed that Emily was Canadian , but she laughed nonetheless .
tr	7	Michael asked in surprise and then all three of them burst into laughter .
tr	7	" They got family members into high level positions in the Yankee government and army .
tr	7	The air in the hold was leaking , something twenty million taxpayer dollars hadn 't fixed .
tr	7	Rob turned and looked back at the open trapdoor .
tr	8	" But how do you avoid these sorts of people ? "
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	11	So , why don 't you hand my mom over to me , and I 'll leave .
tr	6	LORD , WE KNOW THERE IS NO GOOD ORDER EXCEPT THAT WHICH WE CREATE ... Azrael 's expression did not change .
tr	5	' Really , I 'm not , ' he retorted , beaming . '
tr	5	" Yes , Sir , " the class replied together .
tr	7	The crystal should not fall into the wrong hands . "
tr	9	" All the way dear , science first , " William said , zipping the suit closed .
tr	10	Their purpose now obvious , the boy cannot help but sigh at the prospect of such carefully planned puzzles .
tr	6	Eda reined in her horse abruptly .
tr	5	May the Goddess keep your spirit willful , little filly ! "
tr	9	We had a museum to visit and lattes to drink .
tr	11	" I 'm going to put him on speaker phone Jen and turn on the scrambler .
tr	10	Jin moved in closer by dodging the tentacles .
tr	6	Though , of the three children , Veronika knew Ruby would one day find it the hardest .
tr	8	The recent battle rewinds and plays in his mind for the tenth time .
tr	8	Go get on your suit , and bring your own rubber ducky , OK ?
tr	8	" Really , Rafe , and here I was thinking I would rid you of your unwanted burden . "
tr	10	I was patiently studying the grey ceiling above my head when I detected movement to my left .
tr	9	By the morning Hailey felt like she had not rested at all .
tr	6	" He 's not armed , " said the first guard , and the second man nodded .
tr	9	" All I know is he 's dead , Jen .
tr	11	The ripping plastic sound gave way to the sound of ripping velcro - the pants had a velcro closure .
tr	10	" I did not say the boy should come , " Donovan said loudly , turning and frowning at John .
tr	11	Sam sounds like he thinks I 'm crazy .
tr	11	We walk back in silence , keeping to a slow pace so Gabe can nurse his twisted ankle .
tr	9	He moved her closer to him to cover her nakedness and walked out of the circle .
tr	9	Her narrowed gaze shifted to my left .
tr	9	" My sister and I were close -- the best of friends , " said Three Baskets .
tr	9	I have to keep going .
tr	11	I stepped out of the protective bubble feeling the full reality of this war , brothers killing brothers .
tr	9	They shot for about an hour pretty much having the range to themselves except for the Range Officer .
tr	8	Soon , he could make out a desk against the far wall .
tr	8	" Now , off to the room with you .
tr	7	They were in Lord Rafe 's personal chambers .
tr	5	" Fairly small , though , " Longbow replied , " probably just fawns .
tr	8	" Well , he won 't be going anywhere without this . "
tr	7	Jacob finished chewing and consulted his pocket watch .
tr	6	Definitely not the kind of guy I usually saw around here , especially not in a thousand dollar suit .
tr	10	Everyone that does not believe is already condemned to spend eternity in hell .
tr	8	Now let 's get moving , we might find a way into the laboratory further down the tunnel . "
tr	10	I know I wouldn 't be a writer without my parents .
tr	7	' So , won 't both bands end up with the same video ? '
tr	10	Turning in a circle , Kurt appeared to be looking for something .
tr	7	Trae , did you see that ? "
tr	7	We have come of our own free will .
tr	10	He gently kissed me as if he really didn 't care about my answer .
tr	11	She lay there like she was dead .
tr	8	A black presence slipped into the room and was absorbed by a dark corner .
tr	11	I just lay there looking up at the clouds skidding past the moon .
tr	7	The last figure was also that of a man .
tr	11	Do you know who the killer is ? "
tr	9	That GPS is the key to something bigger than all of us !
tr	8	" This transference of the world 's data to my brain will require a vast amount of electrical power .
tr	10	Again , Hunt found them all the fresh water they needed and another lovely resting place for the night .
tr	7	" All right , but you weren 't exactly against the idea yourself .
tr	11	" Would you like to go to the game next Saturday with me ? "
tr	11	Has she also been addicted to flying by now and lost all her reason ?
tr	8	Although there was no-one following them , the boys went straight back to dad 's flat in a terrible sweat .
tr	5	' Divide and conquer is always a good plan . '
tr	7	In the end she answered , but kept it simple .
tr	8	' I lied ' , I said , and suddenly the room was full of deaf people .
tr	8	He almost consumed all the Lady Dragon 's magic , " Raven blurted again .
tr	8	" Guess we start at the library . "
tr	11	" I would be surprised if you would know of this .
tr	11	" You were giving up your life to save another -- Sarina .
tr	9	He frowned at me , his shaggy eyebrows almost touching his nose .
tr	9	Her hair was wound on the top of her head .
tr	9	As he approached he had to remind himself for the tenth time why he was here ... " Pictures ! "
tr	10	I hoped he would just walk by , but he angled right towards us .
tr	8	They were soon joined by Natalie and the bodyguard .
tr	8	Everything seemed to move slow-paced .
tr	8	They wanted a return towards the divine right of kings .
tr	11	I 've always been able to sense other people 's emotions .
tr	5	It ' s pretty lame , actually . "
tr	9	" There is still a long way to go , but we 're making some excellent strides .
tr	6	" You 're not a noble , " he said , not unkindly .
tr	6	Chapter 29 Many Rooms Nina 's army safely went around the west hill .
tr	7	" Are you all packed ? "
tr	7	Pulling off her gloves , she retrieved a mint and handed it to Sky .
tr	7	" I don 't know , maybe ten or twenty ?
tr	11	That won 't be enough , but I 'm thinking we 'll grow his ranks pretty quickly . "
tr	8	I stared at the fire tensely , heat washing over my face in waves .
tr	10	Do I need anything else ? "
tr	10	Claire didn 't want to ask but was finally unable to keep quiet .
tr	5	They open and close their doors together .
tr	9	Chris thought about that and knew Barney was right .
tr	7	A short , squat man , incongruously wearing a smart business suit , galloped up and pulled his horse alongside Galilee .
tr	11	But she believed these merits to be a blessing from God rather than her own achievement .
tr	10	" We know they are close to us . "
tr	10	I have never been able to do magic .
tr	9	Seeing him like that make her feel comfortable at his side .
tr	6	At the front , the door was already unlocked , but that was no surprise .
tr	11	Never knew I even had him until recently when his mother died and he was sent to me .
tr	9	Throw in teenagers and beer and maybe that fueled the vandalism .
tr	10	How are you going to carry them all ? "
tr	7	How unlike we are , she thought , and a sudden perception came to her with a shock .
tr	11	He needed to do something to raise his profile .
tr	6	( Five days in rural Nebraska , in a cabin somebody owned on a muddy river . )
tr	7	She led Mark and Jimmy directly to a men 's Big & Tall clothing store .
tr	7	" No , here , " the gnome said , and he pointed a wrinkled finger down at the water .
tr	7	Even if he released his fastest dog , it would only weaken his team .
tr	10	I could see the outline of the sink and toilet through the curtain and realized that anyone could see me too .
tr	11	" We 're all sticking together until we can figure this out , " Ricky said looking around .
tr	10	I 'm sure I can find something . "
tr	6	Malcolm popped a grape in his mouth .
tr	10	' You saw those backdrops advertising our name ? '
tr	6	And then , for no reason at all , the trail stopped .
tr	8	Without Yang , Yin was still the most powerful Werewolf ever conceived , but with Yang , Yin was perfection .
tr	10	Take the party to the hill I showed you . "
tr	10	Immediately , the boys saw how several Angels flew alongside the children and protected them .
tr	5	In response , Master George handed him a small , metal tube .
tr	8	I want you to take your own path . "
tr	8	Their system only challenges connections to join the network .
tr	5	The idea nearly made her cry .
tr	8	The sooner they got moving , the better off they would be .
tr	7	" I was here a few days ago with my friend Julio .
tr	9	The C-5 crew doesn 't need to know our space plans .
tr	9	" You 've got to come in . "
tr	9	So you guys get going ... Terry 's expecting you .
tr	9	" Of course not , but that doesn 't stop me from harassing yours . "
tr	8	Maybe this society was even more complex and different than he had imagined .
tr	9	The same man who had hit David set his gun aside and held David from behind .
tr	5	So , we followed her .
tr	10	He considered leaving a note for his mother but , given her attitude , he decided he would not bother .
tr	5	" For the next few months , her kitchen is right here . "
tr	8	The tallest seemed to be the high school , claiming no more than three pithy floors .
tr	7	Jim came up and said , " Sir , Commander .
tr	7	" Well hell , " Scott frowned then leaned against the truck behind him and crossed his arms .
tr	11	" Do they let you listen to pop music in class ?
tr	9	It is what my Mother expects of me ! "
tr	7	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental and not intended by the author .
tr	7	J Claire slumped back against the pillows and let the adrenalin flow from her limbs into the lumpy mattress .
tr	7	A few people were around , in the waiting area , and they all turned their gaze on him .
tr	7	Once the man had left , satisfied smiles crossed the faces of people at the reading table .
tr	8	" We could stay together , we don 't need the stupid JP , " said Joshua .
tr	6	He stopped and held up a hand , his head tilted slightly to one side .
tr	8	I pull in a deep breath and then magically , wonderfully , finally , I know exactly what to say .
tr	10	We 've made huge advances in the past couple years and lived through some challenging circumstances .
tr	10	Anywhere you did stop , especially back then , you would have found zombies waiting for you .
tr	5	" Last time I looked , my beautiful wife is a woman . "
tr	8	You will receive a monthly living allocation for food and supplies ; schooling and entertainment are free .
tr	6	' So there you are , ' he cried out triumphantly , ' my number one tennis partner ! '
tr	7	I straightened my back and tucked my hair behind my ears .
tr	9	I 've got your flying suit waiting for you in the house .
tr	6	" Marines , Force Recon , sir , " replied VIN .
tr	6	" Joey , Pete , you guys get this guy back to the cave .
tr	9	Chapter XIII An explosion of sound and smoke ruptured my senses as the entrance doors swung on their massive hinges .
tr	10	The bear still had his head down , trying to see a fish .
tr	6	" On the one hand , your hair is wet , so you 've obviously showered and changed .
tr	10	Men were more evil than she had believed , and she wanted their punishment to be equally severe .
tr	9	He had fallen and rolled until he was senseless .
tr	7	If she dies , Branden , it 's a murder charge against you .
tr	10	It 's gon na be a great game , " Daniel said .
tr	8	" I 'm not sure what else to say , Jack .
tr	11	The master sword was returned from whence it came , and Link regained his lost childhood .
tr	7	" Now , why don 't the three of you go and look for specimens ? "
tr	9	He also felt troubled at the thought that Inspector Lau knew about the kidnapping attempt .
tr	5	No new job , or first apartment ; no husband or kids one day .
tr	6	" But not for long , " began Logan again .
tr	9	He had shown mankind the true way : that love overcomes all -- even death .
tr	8	After another minute , Lucas began his slow walk away from the hole toward his parked car .
tr	9	I studied the bartender carefully while the hubbub of conversation gradually resumed around us .
tr	11	Most of them were filled with water and brightly colored creatures like the first pool the boys had explored .
tr	9	The dragon glides easily through the event horizon that instantly collapses .
tr	7	Black clad figures appeared from around the lobby .
tr	5	" Well , it wasn 't my idea . "
tr	9	Not caring for the emotional outburst , or the intensifying theatrics , Ganondorf decides to put an end to it .
tr	10	" We 're going to have so much fun together .
tr	11	Everything had happened so fast that her head was still spinning , but Pierre took his time .
tr	5	He always bought her awesome Christmas presents .
tr	8	Inside it was the chest from Miriam 's old room .
tr	6	Curious , I put the book aside , unfolded my legs , turned off the bedside lamp , and followed her .
tr	5	did you make a reservation ? "
tr	8	Kitten purrs and a crushed cardamom scent linger beneath the demon 's words .
tr	11	Ted looked up just in time to see movement in the shrubbery across the street .
tr	10	And he brings me back like some fantastic beast he 's discovered .
tr	8	The cheese hadn 't got binding yet , but the time had arrived for a conference .
tr	10	The debris smashed out through the windows of the Manhattan side of the building with almost undiminished force .
tr	5	" Really , to whom ? "
tr	6	" I do not , Great One , " he heard with relief .
tr	8	Her words made no sense to Rafe and it was a moment before he answered .
tr	7	He kissed my forehead , then he left with a fresh spring in his step .
tr	9	She rose quickly but paused at something , worry creasing her face .
tr	8	He stole one of her greatest secrets and fled , taking refuge in the mountains .
tr	6	And I 'll see you around .
tr	7	" Did you hear they were ? "
tr	6	" So you see , Mr. Melamed , " said the Earl , " we have not kidnapped the boy . "
tr	10	" I 'm surprised to see you here " whispered Kevin .
tr	8	' Just let me shoot him , ' muttered Anatole .
tr	9	The water was falling , falling and not rising again .
tr	10	It happened so fast , and I was not sure what to do . "
tr	7	They put a tap on the phone , asked more questions , and investigated Lori and Lizzie 's bedroom .
tr	11	I never knew they had such a powerful dictionary at the age of 11 .
tr	10	" I 've wanted to tell you for days .
tr	8	Time seemed to leap across itself .
tr	6	He murmured a few words and under his watchful gaze the fabric altered itself .
tr	10	It had to be done , and quickly .
tr	11	They could not believe their beautiful lands had come to this .
tr	7	" Oh boy , " Edie May rolled her eyes and retreated out of the kitchen .
tr	10	I only want what 's best for my people . "
tr	6	I have a younger sister , too , but , of course , she 's a Valkyrie . "
tr	8	Say only what is necessary . "
tr	8	The silence that greeted this question was shattered by a feminine voice .
tr	9	" That 's because there was no one there .
tr	8	Heat bloomed on the back of my hand .
tr	11	The note read : I hope you find this package in time .
tr	9	Four braves were stationed in the forest , to the north of the village .
tr	11	She pictured Noah bumping against the passages walls as the Hag dragged him further toward her chamber .
tr	9	He willed his heart to slow down and waited .
tr	10	" I 'm tellin ' ya it 's all lies , " he muttered .
tr	8	They both headed for the steps of the Hostal Salta .
tr	6	Her arrival last night had been their Christmas miracle .
tr	10	How did someone run through a wall and then have the clarity of mind to hide ?
tr	9	This was a mistake as the bike slid underneath him .
tr	9	This was a legitimate concern since both sides of the conflict were wearing the same U.S. Army uniforms .
tr	7	He looked up from his knees and spoke to the figure towering above him .
tr	6	The light around him swells .
tr	6	For living space , you pretty much just have the kitchen , a dinette area and a tiny living room .
tr	11	" Do you think it will work ? "
tr	7	He preferred a saddle or his own two feet any day .
tr	8	Maybe to tailor the games to the clients ' needs ?
tr	7	" I 'll be back pretty soon , I assume .
tr	8	" We 'll get to names later , " snapped Jacob .
tr	9	They continued back and forth , their words coming out in surges as they made their way up the stairs .
tr	11	The entire gang continuously poked and prodded the cube , trying to figure it out .
tr	11	He just hoped that he would be clear of the cave-in .
tr	6	All his books and games , his lamp , his computer -- these things seemed so lifeless now .
tr	8	Then again , this angel really doesn 't need to move .
tr	8	None of the subservient Black Widows wanted to tell her .
tr	10	I told him we were going to Hispaniola next .
tr	8	He turned back to the children and patted them on the head and gave them another big smile .
tr	11	Alfred recognized the security alert he had set up .
tr	6	' How about a test drive ' I asked .
tr	9	" This is our world as much as it is yours Mr Gorn . "
tr	10	There was no need to go any faster ; the ion drives had done their job .
tr	7	" They 're still alive , " she said , a worried look on her face .
tr	10	This needs to be done here and now by us .
tr	5	BOOK THREE Ethan CHAPTER 30 Lost Time L. Are you there ?
tr	6	" Yes , yes , " the man spluttered , " but -- have some important papers inside .
tr	11	She did have to work with him , and live with him , after all .
tr	6	" I appreciate your efforts , " Angelo states , his voice low and contemplative .
tr	8	Short , light tanned hair traced the corners of the young woman 's face .
tr	7	" He 's ventilating easier , the pressure 's way down and his vital signs are improving .
tr	9	After a minute of digging about without success , Logan sighed , frowning .
tr	11	Do you think a Bavarian will leave the simple art of beer production behind ?
tr	9	When all the rays of light had entered into the columns the Elders lowered their arms .
tr	10	" Now we 're talking , " he grins , breaking into a quickened jog down the slope .
tr	9	" And now what do you intend doing ? "
tr	8	I 'm going to die !
tr	10	I knew what was wrong with me .
tr	6	After fifteen years a widow , the importance of that could not be ignored .
tr	5	" I am all knowing , all powerful . "
tr	7	They may be all around us here !
tr	8	Din , peerless in strength and will , relishes in the concept of power .
tr	9	Lisa frowns as she looks at the three-dimensional spinning image .
tr	8	Times of late had been peaceful for a change but all things change he supposed .
tr	6	" Yes , one time I was very interested in our history . "
tr	7	People , places and things mentioned in this novel are used in a fictional manner .
tr	7	Let 's find that family of yours . "
tr	7	I paused , counting down the last seconds .
tr	10	Renton felt he had to interject .
tr	10	This man seems to know a lot about the military , for a priest .
tr	8	He had a large knife sticking out of his back .
tr	9	We will be putting a forensic team in there immediately .
tr	10	He took a couple of steps closer to where Kim and the DARPA officer sat .
tr	6	Anyway , I figured it out a while ago . "
tr	8	The man put the bottle to his lips and began to drink .
tr	7	" No I 'm not , Phillip , you and George are doing all the work . " '
tr	10	My plan is to destroy the need for the prison .
tr	6	" Makes a little sense , " Jack nodded , " Very little , but go ahead . "
tr	9	He prayed there was only one .
tr	6	Chapter 11 Movements in the Ground ' Fredrick ' Fredrick opened his eyes and looked up , blinking .
tr	9	Nothing seems to be broken but it just doesn 't want to run .
tr	10	Lord , whatever is best for Angelique , let it be done .
tr	7	I can forgive her , and for the most part , don 't blame her reaction .
tr	7	The little sparrow didn 't have a pair anymore , it was alone .
tr	11	So we all played like we were going to start .
tr	8	He hardly seemed to notice , instead he turned a considering stare on her friend .
tr	10	I 'm sorry you don 't like it . "
tr	9	" The court wishes to see you , " he grunted .
tr	8	" When I was in distress I convinced the men to bring me here .
tr	7	Tammy and I ... we had a terrible fight about it .
tr	11	I want to be able to fight .
tr	8	" It wouldn 't work for us anyway , Phillip " said Trudy .
tr	11	" But , " he added , " you must apologize at once to your father for being rude . "
tr	10	" But ... erm ... my unit is so small , it wouldn 't be practical . "
tr	8	" I have to find out . "
tr	7	When they neared her home , a light was shining through the window .
tr	6	Rick and Abby read the words simultaneously , their silence showed their confusion .
tr	7	The British ambassador let out a strangled laugh of disbelief .
tr	9	She seemed to struggle within herself .
tr	6	But for Zero , neither surrender nor sacrifice would ever be acceptable .
tr	9	John Paris " says Jason .
tr	8	The going was easy at first but , a few minutes later the hill started sloping downward .
tr	10	need ... to learn more about your memory technology ? "
tr	8	Nor was there an easy path of retreat once you were over .
tr	11	" Do you know what he went through last night ? "
tr	11	- who wishes to seek your hand in marriage . "
tr	11	" So-called singles nights where no one wants to pair up .
tr	10	Where I 'll have to go .
tr	9	I just want for us to be together . "
tr	8	There is a new path to consider .
tr	10	" I do sense some tension , some unspoken fury in you and I believe that the feeling is against me .
tr	11	This is exactly where you need to be right now .
tr	10	" Do not try to distance yourself from it ! "
tr	6	" Hush , girl , it 's all right , they 'll put out the fire .
tr	11	I could see he was getting tired : his eyes were closing .
tr	5	" Oh , Neil , it 's you .
tr	8	It was great seeing Loretta .
tr	9	He had always this feeling of superiority over her .
tr	7	The chain of events was too connected for coincidence .
tr	8	The enemy had transmitted the entire stream in the open .
tr	11	I 'm not sure what to make of that .
tr	10	I wasn 't there , but Fuchs felt strongly enough to issue a challenge , and the game was on .
tr	9	Today he was preparing to go and seek the Black Spirits .
tr	7	The strays had scattered and were rapidly disappearing down the alleyway .
tr	10	We will be without communications for eleven minutes , beginning in four minutes from now . "
tr	8	For a moment she groped around in her thoughts for a way to turn his attention elsewhere .
tr	9	As soon as we have him in his new home we 'll be in touch .
tr	5	Under that cold skin was a rapid , uneven pulse .
tr	5	" What the blazes is the hold up here ? "
tr	7	I get that , but I 'm here now , and this is my fight too .
tr	7	I keep the hurt out of my voice .
tr	10	" Do you need to sit ? "
tr	6	No lightning and no thunder , just a steady , heavy downpour of cold rain .
tr	11	" Do you want Grace to pick some greens ? "
tr	5	" But you won 't , " Soma told her .
tr	8	2C had never failed and felt confident .
tr	6	OK , thank you , you 're dismissed . "
tr	7	said Victoria changing the subject .
tr	11	That looks so ridiculous , " she said , looking at where her tail had been .
tr	5	The next morning , you were gone . "
tr	10	He wore crude leather leggings and hanging around his neck was an amulet in the shape of a dragon .
tr	7	The women exchanged brief kisses on their cheeks , and Amanda turned back to him .
tr	9	Still smiling , she crawled onto the bed and straddled him as he lay back .
tr	11	That 's all I need to know . "
tr	6	The bartender , an elderly man , wearing a white shirt and bow tie gave Big Jim his full attention .
tr	6	It didn 't matter , there was good cause .
tr	10	I raced towards the running figures , my feet splashing in the bloodstained water .
tr	6	" He had some theory , " said Jim , " about mutational changes and mutational beings .
tr	5	At that moment , an explosion rocked the building .
tr	7	" Are you poultry ? "
tr	5	" It wasn 't a lie . "
tr	10	Now , he had not the strength to throw a rock from this ledge .
tr	7	Her head lay against his chest , an arm and a leg draped over him .
tr	7	From there we head west on 74 or 377 whichever we find .
tr	6	Collapse the chute and hit the quick release .
tr	9	" Captain , I think he 's coming around . "
tr	5	A moment , a glance , and then Graham slid back inside .
tr	10	Reid stared as I tied a tourniquet around the dead man 's arm .
tr	10	Oh crap , don 't let me have missed my connection .
tr	10	Then they found themselves plunged into darkness as if flying through a dark tunnel .
tr	6	" You don 't even know this girl ! "
tr	10	That 's where I want to go .
tr	10	If a candidate fails to complete either mission , the course for that candidate is terminated .
tr	5	" ' Twas quite a show you put on , laddie .
tr	8	Little mounds accumulated as they worked , but one by one these too rolled and dropped silently off the edge .
tr	9	" I have transferred the message to your UC , as you call it .
tr	6	The streets are deserted , but in every single house spirits are clearly high .
tr	9	More importantly I don 't have to stay here .
tr	5	In a few minutes , that voice stopped and a new one spoke .
tr	7	A large king-sized bed was pushed up against the far wall .
tr	7	From the sky , Lance swoops down , his shadow covering the entire coliseum .
tr	7	' Yes , ' I said , carefully avoiding her eyes .
tr	10	He twists around in his seat , so that his bright eyes are peering at me .
tr	7	Extremely suspicious since the shop was closed .
tr	8	" Absolutely not , " Daniel said not moving his eyes from Tori 's .
tr	5	" Oh , God , Kellan ... please ... don 't ever stop . "
tr	10	They seemed confused , as if they are searching for something .
tr	7	The codex is great and all , but people are people and not all of them are good .
tr	11	" Do you think they captured him ? "
tr	6	All of it arranged around an old wooden chair with an arched back .
tr	9	Physical dominance had never been a problem with Micah , but like his brother , derangement ran in the family .
tr	8	A jagged piece of the bone pierced his skin , and blood dripped onto Lynn 's chest .
tr	8	You feared your feelings toward the one called Zelda .
tr	6	" Yes , I think so , " Emelia said , her arms shaking .
tr	8	" No waves with the Brethren of the East . "
tr	8	' This one requires a lot more of it , I 'm afraid . '
tr	8	" Very well , " he said , placing the scroll back on the plate .
tr	6	" Isn 't this great , Mom ? "
tr	7	' Then , my dear , ' he held out his arm , ' we should return to the masquerade . '
tr	7	" I 'm in the study , " he replied .
tr	10	" Don 't you know how to recruit a girl , " Mickey replied , amused .
tr	7	I sit up , yawn and rub my eyes , brushing the tears away .
tr	10	This was a pittance of what was here .
tr	7	Instantly the iron jaws released the bleeding limb and sank back into the floor .
tr	9	The hair on the back of Frank 's neck suddenly stood on end as he stared back at her .
tr	9	' Remember the " off " switch I was talking about ? '
tr	8	" I believe your two questions have the same roots .
tr	8	The broadcasters were briefly interrupted and halted their announcement and then read from a card .
tr	9	If necessary she would sacrifice herself to save Noah .
tr	8	This entire operation must be completed within fifteen minutes .
tr	10	He had hauled the wounded driver upright and was dragging him into the woods to the west .
tr	11	Fortunately , we were only planning on doing the very last fifty feet of it .
tr	6	He readjusted his pack and again took up the lead .
tr	7	In a whisper he said , ' Please don 't do this to me here .
tr	9	Sarah put her hands to her head as if she 'd just experienced a terrible headache .
tr	9	In reception Danny leant against the dispenser as a can of Coke clattered through .
tr	9	It was very fascinating to watch her .
tr	8	the Prince managed to croak out , finally finding his voice .
tr	9	There was no loose dirt to grip , no opportunity to rise to his feet .
tr	7	From the sack on his back , he took a garden hoe .
tr	8	" Why would you even think something like that ? "
tr	11	Apparently she had finally decided to let him see her family .
tr	11	" They are going to take her to General Zinger 's private space yacht .
tr	6	Part 5 - Monday Chapter 12 - The Rainbow Maker Project It 's judgment day .
tr	11	Of course , he thought as he chuckled to himself , they had the easy job .
tr	9	Mark turned around and started to walk away .
tr	6	So no more Katarina Fox , her daughter , and definitely all her minions .
tr	9	Tori introduced everybody and Hunter threw a negative comment at everybody .
tr	9	Why worry and try to understand ?
tr	10	Besides , I don 't suppose they venture more than ten miles from home .
tr	9	" I might stop by Malcolm 's to review some Spy Games rules . "
tr	10	I would have liked to ask her .
tr	10	That didn 't stop him from going three times or more a week .
tr	5	His room is so bare .
tr	11	One misplaced step could end in disaster , the path constantly passing back and forth over the water .
tr	7	Drake didn 't look concerned or angry ; simply hurt by the betrayal .
tr	7	" Even for the twelve measly votes you need me to deliver . "
tr	8	Today was the morning of Monday , the twenty-third .
tr	10	There was nowhere to run , nowhere to hide .
tr	10	The next morning everyone was anxious to go ashore and spend the day .
tr	11	Bullets began to tear into the giant 's neck , then his chin .
tr	10	A voice and a lute is what I should want for my family . "
tr	6	" Well ... thank ya anyway , son .
tr	9	If it hadn 't been for Sky , she 'd probably still be lying there now .
tr	7	When she was thinking , she tapped her forehead with her delicate hand and squinted her eyes in a certain manner .
tr	7	He had pictured it as a mere stick not a small log .
tr	6	For a moment it held ... then it didn 't .
tr	10	All around her , adults began talking , gesturing , demanding to see a manager .
tr	6	" Dr. Fowler , could you boil all that down to one or two sentences for us ? "
tr	10	Connor watched as his mother 's eyes closed and her body melted into his shoulder .
tr	6	" Please , my lady , where is he ? "
tr	11	Are you going to take it ? "
tr	5	Why , uh , well , this is a surprise ! "
tr	10	Ryan said , " Let 's hope that 's all Zinger wants .
tr	8	And then , things got so busy , she actually forgot to take them .
tr	10	I said pretending to be confused .
tr	8	The teens sat this way , rigid , for several seconds while the agent watched them .
tr	9	" Then it doesn 't make a difference that they can 't create . "
tr	10	His head was spinning as he staggered toward the cabin door .
tr	10	So many flowers were in bloom my sinuses went crazy .
tr	7	" Of the thunder when it storms . "
tr	11	There , set into the cliff in the shape of a circle , was a series of twelve silver discs .
tr	11	It may all be a trick to draw us into it .
tr	7	" Do it somewhere else , " she said , and waved her hand at him .
tr	8	She could hear his footsteps above her and then the attic door swung open and the ladder came down .
tr	7	" Yes , yes , " he said , pulling back the bed covers .
tr	5	" Um , Teel , you improvised a little . "
tr	5	The sky beyond was a vivid cerulean blue .
tr	5	Tuesday 13th September 1983 Next day Little Spirit had the replacement .
tr	6	The man answered easily , it was not a lie .
tr	8	Jesus one day said to a woman in the crowd : " Your faith has saved you . "
tr	8	Brother killed brother out of jealousy and the earth became filled with wickedness .
tr	6	Given her absence though , perhaps it wasn 't so surprising .
tr	10	But as I rose from the ground , my legs straining , silence enveloped us .
tr	9	' What , to sing that song ? '
tr	6	" She 's infected Gabe .
tr	5	In the mirror she looked short legged and tomboyish .
tr	9	I remained with the guards until everyone was off the beach .
tr	9	She turned to her right and saw the young man looking at her with concern .
tr	11	The book of frescoes that you have restored is published and ready to go to the shops . "
tr	10	Guiding Epona past the stables and toward his house , Ilia seems to have cooled off since this morning .
tr	9	Forget about what has happened .
tr	6	It was a warm morning , but a damp one .
tr	7	he asked with a heavy voice and a little thick .
tr	9	The three boys standing looked at each other mouths open as if they had just seen Bigfoot .
tr	10	The starship was parked on the side of the road but was invisible to everyone but the boys .
tr	8	The evening had settled in and Terry had lit the usual log fire in the huge fireplace .
tr	9	" No , all I could think of was ' attack " ' .
tr	10	Just give me the box and we 'll go get ya patched up ! "
tr	11	I focus on the energy of my brothers , amazed at how tight and locked each are .
tr	7	From my experiences with her , this was undeniably true .
tr	7	What if the stress gives her another ulcer ?
tr	6	He was surprised but his reflexes were good and he caught the weapon .
tr	10	There were no military ships that looked like this .
tr	11	We know not what more to do for him . "
tr	7	" We viewed Louis Philippe 's exhibition of Versailles . "
tr	5	Honestly , winning that contest is about impossible .
tr	10	Brazen decided he could live with those terms .
tr	10	I don 't think many nobles have ; the idea 's pretty radical , isn 't it ?
tr	9	God , it was going to be a long year .
tr	7	Now you 'd best be on your way . "
tr	8	" Yes " I said having my face all red .
tr	8	" I want to switch cars .
tr	6	" I met with your dad this morning .
tr	10	Her grim humor was unconscious , but Valerian reflected that it might be prophetic .
tr	8	" Hey , Johnny , um ... yeah , we had a little mishap with old Bob there " George explained .
tr	6	By ten , she made her way into her bedroom , weary to the bone , both mentally and physically .
tr	10	She should have been dead by now , or dying , he knew .
tr	5	By speaker , he meant the next target .
tr	9	Red rises out of the breach as well and Warrior grabs him with the claws of her hind legs .
tr	10	You know she lacks proper respect for the Brethren .
tr	10	John suggested , " Let 's see what 's inside .
tr	9	I think you 're a good boy , Brand .
tr	10	She searched for him all day but I simply had no heart to tell her the truth .
tr	10	He had to hide it before mother -- Chip Harris tripped .
tr	10	" It 's good to see you brother ! "
tr	9	Williams saw how this was going and he laid his hand on Reggie 's shoulder .
tr	5	" Yes , Phillip , I 'm just peachy . "
tr	11	I hope he will be as excited as we are .
tr	8	Of course Rand recalled how proud Rafe had always been .
tr	8	McElroy works for George Mudd in Brunei .
tr	10	he answered shaking his head , before catching sight of a movement by the tent opening .
tr	9	With Him , we are royalty , capable of literally anything .
tr	6	" Oh , oh , " she cooed , " Mama 's here , sweetie . "
tr	6	" If we surrender , " Yves said , " before we 're shot - " " No !
tr	8	A few words about zombie dogs here : unlike most other animals , dogs are susceptible to the infection .
tr	9	She kept her hair over the shoulder to cover it from public view .
tr	5	" No , The Lost Soul did , " I clarify .
tr	8	" Why is it always inactivity and patience that is required ? "
tr	8	" Yeah , well , I got ta go again .
tr	8	I thrust the brandy into his palm and forced him to drink .
tr	7	You were up to something .
tr	7	The reserve company had taken the fewest losses and still possessed the heaviest firepower .
tr	8	He had taken off his suit jacket and rolled up the sleeves of his crisp white shirt .
tr	11	He has chartered a helicopter to take us to Halls Creek airport .
tr	8	" I know the numbers of all your family 's cell phones .
tr	11	I think he has enough to contend with . "
tr	11	I 'd missed something , some clue , important to finding her .
tr	9	He had a few bruises left over from the previous day 's visit .
tr	6	The older petite woman smiles , not standing , sits inside her throne chair .
tr	8	At once Angelique started babbling away , and Dane looked in confusion from one to the other .
tr	10	They 'll kick you out of school now for sure if you get caught . "
tr	11	Chapter Five : Oblivion Babes As each year passed , my popularity grew and who could blame me ?
tr	9	The Serbs often attacked the Turks ' military camps and fought like lions in open battle .
tr	10	Alejo heard the clatter of ceramic on the table and turned towards her , expression pained .
tr	6	Her resolve , quick thinking , and forceful personality all spoke to that .
tr	10	They had gotten used to their sons or tenants keeping odd hours .
tr	6	" No , we left it in a pub in Hereford . "
tr	9	Gambling with drunks was like stealing candy from a one armed baby .
tr	8	John 's first impression was the silence and the smell , a strong smell of urine .
tr	9	I studied the middle-aged man who had spoken .
tr	6	I stopped and swayed , a bit dizzy .
tr	7	I rubbed my hand across her chubby face as her cheeks blushed .
tr	6	Of course , we nearly got burned alive a few times , but at least it wasn " t complicated .
tr	7	Zeal was noticeably insulted by her treatment , and with good reason .
tr	6	I peered through a window .
tr	9	Also , she had been working with Waving Willow , making clothes and other household items .
tr	11	I heard what you did cheating those farmers on the island .
tr	9	Mai teases , annoyed by the lack of attention .
tr	11	He could hear them running and yelling as they made their way across .
tr	10	Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in disbelieve , " You want to have our cows ?
tr	9	He realized what had freed them .
tr	5	" Well , yes , but he isn 't a young man anymore .
tr	8	" That 's what you said yesterday . "
tr	11	he asked , thrilled to see the boy alive .
tr	8	The shot had been taken in the courtyard below .
tr	11	Bugger , I don 't suppose I can take a six-year-old into a Spa .
tr	10	" I won 't ask again , " she warns , drawing another kunai from the holster on her belt .
tr	8	When they saw the Starkville sign they knew they weren 't far .
tr	8	Roberto had never made her feel like that , neither him nor his crew .
tr	9	It seemed to take an eternity , but shuffling sounds came from up the hall .
tr	8	He asks , taking small steps backward from the approaching animals .
tr	5	" What are you doing ? "
tr	10	Elaina could hardly believe she was still on her feet .
tr	11	" I understand that congratulations are in order , " Starbuck said , leaning in to shake Flaherty 's hand .
tr	6	" Bring it on , " Rift declares , his voice tired , but ready .
tr	9	Somehow he had to get back to Lubna .
tr	8	As before , the plan was both simplicity itself and crazed beyond belief .
tr	10	He did not understand why , only that the signs of their normal adventuring seemed different .
tr	9	I 'm coming to get you ! '
tr	7	Mum , Alexi , Andrew even the crazy Spartan would all be better off without me .
tr	10	Time to play nice and try to be polite .
tr	7	He felt helpless , his weight slowly shifting off the writhing reptile .
tr	11	He had to find somewhere else to put it -- fast .
tr	6	The next day I find my first period class a lot faster .
tr	7	Shockingly unique in her appearance , her skin is noticeably lighter than the other women .
tr	6	" Charlie , the Deaconess ' concerns are valid , " said Davis .
tr	5	Chapter Twenty By Sunday morning , the wheelchair lift magically worked again !
tr	8	Solange was a small and exclusive jazz club situated in a leafy street off 3rd Avenue .
tr	8	Please make sure they get there before I do . "
tr	6	In the end their wooden shields lay splintered and broken on the frozen earth .
tr	8	Mac got to McAllister easily .
tr	5	" It 's such a wonderful house ! "
tr	9	" Bet you live in a big mansion back in America , huh ? "
tr	11	" We know the Ramos family has possession of our occupation ... " said Phillip .
tr	7	' Right then , what pictures do you like ? '
tr	8	" How much you want to bet ? "
tr	10	" They 're the folk that deal with the paying customers .
tr	5	" Let 's head back and try that other corridor . "
tr	8	Scott Lyndon had to blink back the tears .
tr	10	" Just tell the front desk Maria will pick them up later this evening .
tr	6	After a moment longer , Amira released her ember , and the speck winked out .
tr	9	Chase would never took interest on girls with such character .
tr	7	Even though the fall bruised my face , it helped loosen the ropes around my hands .
tr	7	We 'll stay in the lowlands .
tr	7	And you keep your eyes open too , okay ? "
tr	5	" Oh , yes , M. de Chretien , life is much easier . "
tr	10	He clung to it with his other arm , trying to steady it .
tr	5	" Hey , I saw your friend the other day . "
tr	8	You chose to work here .
tr	9	She produced two nets and a couple of jam jars , and handed them to Simon and Miriam .
tr	8	He is , or was , an unattached male looking for a Vampire . "
tr	8	A wry smile appeared on the old detective 's face as he studied our expressions .
tr	9	" It 's beautiful , isn 't it ? "
tr	10	A lump of ice hit Claire on the shoulder , followed swiftly by another .
tr	7	he cried , setting aside the book .
tr	11	Huge dark eyes was the only feature they have on their faces .
tr	5	" No , " he said casually .
tr	11	Do you have any intentions on her ? "
tr	7	" Yes , Johnny , a power struggle ; a power struggle involving powerful families in a powerful clan .
tr	8	This was the town that the scientist lived in .
tr	9	I wondered if these humans lived in some undisclosed region within the sphere .
tr	8	Once Eden gets his hands on me , I 'm dead anyways . "
tr	10	A few lines about the eyes but her hair was still lustrous although now it was cut short .
tr	7	I rode the rest of the trip in peace .
tr	11	And it did seem to be happening .
tr	8	His eyes peered into mine , open and honest , then dropped to my mouth .
tr	5	" Sorry , partner , not in my job description .
tr	10	It all has to do with Kate 's abduction .
tr	7	she replied and drew huge arrows on the walls .
tr	7	The third match between level eight fighters had just concluded and the crowd was growing restless .
tr	11	hissed Avery , unable to explain the man 's sudden disappearance .
tr	6	It was everywhere and nowhere , up and down , left and right , big and small .
tr	11	She drains that dumb brother of yours before you can ... " " Alright ! "
tr	8	That 'll make us a delicious dinner .
tr	10	" I am painting rings in the water with my feet , " Lilly replied enthusiastically .
tr	8	" Could you be a little more single minded , please ? "
tr	7	Amanda approached the counter with a purposeful stride and leaned on it with her elbows .
tr	9	Why would they do that without even knowing his abilities ?
tr	10	In reply , Cade pulled the chain from his shirt to show the ring .
tr	11	Reggie couldn 't think of a better or more welcome memory to come to mind .
tr	5	" Greetings , General Anderson , " said Sampson .
tr	9	She opened the door and entered the cottage with a wave of her hand .
tr	5	Food , toys , books , cars , clothes , time , money , memory .
tr	10	It was a while ago , but I can simply remind him if he 's forgotten . "
tr	7	said Simon thinking aloud " Small world isn 't it Master Simon ! "
tr	9	We 're going to move , but I 'll kill people there too .
tr	9	Want to stay with her .
tr	6	Spread the map on your lap so I can see it . "
tr	7	" Ever since we left the TDF , they haven 't exactly been cordial . "
tr	6	His voice went soft on that last part .
tr	6	Sure enough , there she was , hurrying toward him in a red dress , a flamboyant hat and high heels .
tr	8	" I 've only been thinking about one thing all night . "
tr	7	He certainly doesn 't like you and for your information , I spoke to him as a civilian .
tr	10	Who cared about being cleaned up ?
tr	11	I knew what had to be done .
tr	10	He turned and began slowly walking towards the men with his hands raised .
tr	7	An emergency light around the corner came on , but did not illuminate their room .
tr	7	Magistrate got your driver 's license again , or was it another crash ? "
tr	11	" Do you want to see the nurse ? "
tr	7	Each set of drawings was followed by a three dimensional rendering .
tr	8	Rift asks , utterly uncomfortable with the idea , but knowing he cannot write it off all the same .
tr	7	Thank God for small mercies .
tr	11	" Don 't you have any better description than what you have told them ? "
tr	6	- Mia ... -- Julian whispered submissive and put her back on the bad .
tr	5	" And you are not a man ! "
tr	9	Is there anything that we can do for you ? "
tr	9	We 'll bring back some grubs before you know it . "
tr	10	" Not that I 've ever heard of it , " Anthony added .
tr	10	Who is Auron to bargain with me ?
tr	10	" She 's flying smooth at 500 knots and descending at 7,500 feet per minute .
tr	6	As realisation dawned , Claire felt the blood drain from her own face .
tr	8	' You thinking what I 'm thinking ? '
tr	5	A meagre room : two pallets , rush matting , a small desk .
tr	5	" But I can - " " Clearly , you can 't . "
tr	8	That his body miraculously reappeared in his apartment after you left ? '
tr	10	Even with his newfound strength , he would be no match for Joe in a grappling situation .
tr	11	I still think he might go off on his own a bit .
tr	8	Breathing heavily , he leaned on one arm of the sofa .
tr	7	" There must be something , his actions are not sane otherwise . "
tr	9	The Guest Suite in The Hub failed to live up to either depiction .
tr	9	Thus , they forgot all about Ivan and he continued to quietly serve his community .
tr	5	' Yo , ' said a tired voice .
tr	11	Now it was up to her ; she must go to him , for he would never ask her to .
tr	5	" What is your name ? "
tr	9	' I 'll help find a church and venue if you like .
tr	10	It was Hébert who had spoken first .
tr	6	Tony left the golf club feeling well satisfied with himself .
tr	8	The words drove ice into my veins and rage into my soul ; Fuchs was going to rape Mercedes .
tr	10	Strauss felt his stomach churn and his pulse quicken with fear .
tr	9	I busied myself with the same task , and we soon had our lodgings back into some semblance of cleanliness .
tr	11	The captain stopped too , looking back to stare with curiosity .
tr	5	" You are safe , Pedro ! "
tr	6	" I 'm sorry Miss Mason .
tr	11	Alejo had to laugh at the image of Gabriel wielding an AK-47 and smoking opium in the middle of the desert .
tr	10	The doors seemed to be welded shut .
tr	11	" Okay , so what does that have to do with ... ?
tr	10	Never mind my appearance it 's all part of my experience .
tr	6	All the boys of the village likewise stayed at home along with their unwed sisters .
tr	7	" I got the keys to his car , Dad .
tr	9	" I 'm not saying you did everything right .
tr	7	It 's greetings like that . "
tr	7	He hugged her with his strong arms and lifted her off the ground .
tr	8	Anna 's eyes narrowed when she saw the cigarette .
tr	10	All day groups of people had ventured out to see Pisces , the arrival of the ship had created much excitement .
tr	11	He immediately noticed Alan who was alone and sat in a hunched position .
tr	7	Where there once was a city , there were now only ruins from a forgotten people long past .
tr	10	She also quickly zips up her top to restore her uniform to its proper state .
tr	11	You 're going to be out for a fortnight !
tr	7	Scott nodded and looked at the picture again then closed the locket and smiled at the innocent eyes .
tr	6	I " m really , really sorry - " Shine forgotten , Vimes looked around desperately at the nearby buildings .
tr	7	" That is it , we have to stop !
tr	10	I know you 're friends with Asher .
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	11	That 's the gist of what I 'm thinking , sir . "
tr	10	" I got ta warn you Mike , it 's a little small . "
tr	7	Because that very weekend , into the store I returned with Melissa and her entire family in tow .
tr	11	Ten rupees for simply finding a chore that needs done .
tr	7	" It looks ... like an egg , " he said , " a giant egg . "
tr	5	" Very good sergeant , " the admiral replies .
tr	7	Then without a regard for the others , he held up a hand and assisted Eva into the carriage .
tr	6	With both hands John violently and very quickly snapped it from one side to the other .
tr	8	You want me to stay calm ? "
tr	11	We got to see a real gladiator fight in the arena and a chariot race , " Kaylie recalled excitedly .
tr	11	Two boys didn 't die as I said they did .
tr	6	Within a few moments , the vehicle had corrected its course .
tr	5	" Well , no , " John admitted .
tr	8	Where were those kinds of books here ?
tr	10	The plane roared ahead , trying to clear the top .
tr	8	" I thought it was quite complex . "
tr	10	" That 's exactly what the highly-paid chemists want you to think . "
tr	7	" Don 't feel bad , " she said .
tr	7	Kurt let him go , glancing about .
tr	6	The stoic reply sent shivers up her spine .
tr	7	Colors shrugged , and looked apologetic .
tr	6	007 , please tell me your instructions for the afternoon . "
tr	8	It was like acting God !
tr	5	No carpeting and no rugs , no photos or paintings .
tr	6	" Show , I have Cake down here with me .
tr	5	" Not a bad idea , " Paul threw back .
tr	6	The thick mist then trailed rapidly like an ethereal snake through the large window .
tr	5	" The dates , oh crap , the dates match almost exactly too .
tr	6	Moments later , the panel finally creaked and moved on its hinges .
tr	9	" I can just picture them saying that , " he said finally .
tr	6	Cathy 's suit was carefully pressed , her blouse without wrinkles even in the intense heat .
tr	7	" You 'll wake everyone in the house .
tr	9	Soon he would be moving to a much larger office , in downtown Washington .
tr	10	The deck lurches beneath the technician 's feet and he has to steady himself on the console .
tr	5	" No , no I was only joking . "
tr	7	" Kayla , you look so beautiful in that dress , " says a girl to Kayla .
tr	11	I swear Gan can make them do anything .
tr	8	And I may have freed you , but I am not free .
tr	7	Over the speakers , a harsh voice roars , " This is the XO !
tr	10	She stopped him by putting one hand on his lips .
tr	7	Butch looked around at them and then at his watch .
tr	9	She had felt the power within it -- a destructive one .
tr	7	She took the white string off her hair and her long blonde hair fell past her shoulders .
tr	10	Thus , they fight in the cause of Allah , willing to kill and get killed .
tr	6	Inside she kept a small folded knife and a little intricate , humbly spectacular carved warrior .
tr	9	That was the most absurd thing she had heard .
tr	9	Susan slowly climbed to her feet without taking her eyes off Jacobs .
tr	7	She stood there in worn blue jeans , knees and cuffs frayed , and a light brown tank top .
tr	9	" Well , we can be thankful for small blessings , I suppose . "
tr	8	' Mikael disliked the Hunters as much as I do . '
tr	5	But sometimes ... especially the younger ones ... well , you saw .
tr	7	The big man saw it at the same time and spoke .
tr	7	" That was cute , " Chase said and put his coat over her .
tr	6	About ten feet behind him the four dark cloaked men moved from the table .
tr	5	I miss both my parents . "
tr	10	Promises had been made , some never to be kept .
tr	11	" It doesn 't look like they 're familiar with combined arms operations . "
tr	9	Michael and Ben were also very pleasantly surprised that their small action had done so much good .
tr	6	It wasn 't so much their size , their dress , or their military bearing .
tr	11	" What you need is something made this year which is less cumbersome than my flying hat .
tr	10	You 'll want to see this , " Jenny assured him .
tr	7	He said , emphasizing the last word .
tr	6	' This is quite a collection , ' he said dully .
tr	10	I 'm starting to think you like humiliation . "
tr	5	" Papa , I love Roberto . "
tr	6	A Forever Love Pamela Palmer Chapter One " CATCH IT , CATCH it , catch it , yes ! "
tr	10	After that , we talked for five hours as the moon wandered the sky like a racing doe .
tr	6	Apply as much pressure as you can ... we must contain the bleeding . "
tr	6	His life is in your hands .
tr	8	I lost all sight of the messenger in the maelstrom of panic .
tr	5	" But not easy , " he cautioned .
tr	8	" Did you hear him bark at all last night ? "
tr	10	Moments later , there was a sensation of pressure and air whistled from the room .
tr	8	Yes , I would have killed the guinea pig at the table .
tr	5	' Yes ' came the puzzled reply .
tr	11	" I want you to stay very close to me from now on .
tr	8	Hopefully , Peyton will lead us right to Aimee . "
tr	7	After several turns and a descent down the long stair , we came to the main foyer .
tr	11	Ted screeched , still fumbling to wrap a towel around his waist .
tr	8	She leaned forwards over Charger 's neck .
tr	11	Several times , she tried to rein it in and act casual but to no avail .
tr	6	Their trunks were huge and gnarled , their branches twisted , their leaves were dark and long .
tr	10	There was no need for the lasers to tag him with an ID dot .
tr	10	Are we ready to go ? "
tr	8	Unfortunately , Warrior suffered severe damage when we hit Neo Utopia .
tr	10	" I came here to take care of you , as you well know .
tr	9	I got sacked for that .
tr	5	The next time Echo awoke , her room was dark .
tr	11	I knew I was about to die .
tr	8	The control surfaces were not attached yet and the plane was missing the landing gear and an engine .
tr	11	Which was odd , considering he had never owned a suit .
tr	8	" Because you 're almost as big as I am , and you 're actually awake !
tr	10	If such crippling taxes could be levied without his knowledge , what else might be going wrong in the kingdom ?
tr	7	He is a maintenance man and grounds keeper at the facility .
tr	8	" You still haven 't paid for last time , or the time before ! "
tr	11	You 're too young to be hanging out with boys . "
tr	11	Even though Alejo had told her to be quiet , she had to know .
tr	6	Dead , the word punches into my head .
tr	10	And they must have kidnapped Aimee to do it .
tr	8	Karen asked knitting her brow , perplexed .
tr	8	You 're faster than it is .
tr	9	" I suppose you might say that . "
tr	10	I stammered as to what to say .
tr	8	' I need a sample of my blood , ' Anna explained quietly .
tr	9	He turned on the AM radio situated on his desk .
tr	10	What was to become of me ?
tr	7	By the time I pulled my arm from my face , a single shining face was staring back out at me .
tr	6	" But the ' great spirit ' holds your spirit there as well , does he not ? "
tr	10	" Ya voy , " he whispered , and the light-skinned man disappeared , leaving the tent flap hanging open .
tr	6	Part I Road Town , capital of Tortola , British Virgin Islands , 1708 .
tr	9	I never planned to run a. . .
tr	6	" May I ask you something ?
tr	7	The corridor is inaccessible " " The military access point . "
tr	8	Neil couldn 't help repeating it .
tr	8	Without giving an opportunity to second-guess himself , Ted turned the doorknob and shoved the door open .
tr	6	Silently , he reset the first deadbolt and carefully backed down the stairs .
tr	8	" Unless you get invasive surgery , but they only do that stuff in the movies . "
tr	10	Wouldn 't want to leave you hanging .
tr	10	Blood seeped between her slim fingers where they lay on the old man 's clothes .
tr	8	She 'd been transformed by this place , in many ways .
tr	7	We have the hotel shuttle us to the airport and drive us right out to the plane .
tr	9	We made a meal from the contents of the cans we found in the larder .
tr	5	A few loaves , a few fishes , then , nothing but bones , crusts and crumbs .
tr	9	" It is a great favour to me that he should do so . "
tr	7	On the other side of the shuttle , the cave floor was no longer level .
tr	9	A silhouette of a stranger he cannot seem to reach , always drifting just out of earshot .
tr	10	Even if he doubted what I 'd written , he couldn 't afford to ignore it .
tr	8	' Besides , someone has to watch your back . '
tr	8	" God has heard of your recent actions and approves of your selection . "
tr	7	Everyone was running away from the building .
tr	7	Or something , " she asked him , totally changing the subject .
tr	11	With a thunderous crash that nearly knocks Lisa to the ground , the dragon touches down .
tr	11	It has to allow for range of motion .
tr	11	A strong tickling flooded his body causing the hairs on his arms and neck to stand on end .
tr	11	he said , as he looked over his shoulder at the man picking himself up .
tr	8	An outline in the grounds below though I cannot tell the shape of it . "
tr	7	A close second , because of all its military traffic , was the Mars Space Port ( MSP ) .
tr	6	" Did I do something wrong ? "
tr	9	" No , Idiot , " Melody replied , holding up a bottle of shampoo .
tr	7	- It is always the same , it repeats itself : a party here , another party there .
tr	8	He would leave those problems in Jim Meeks ' hands .
tr	6	" A most fitting trio , you , your dress and the roses all go together very beautifully . "
tr	7	Beppe called out to the man behind the beautiful silver and gold chrome coffee machine .
tr	11	I tried to comprehend what I was seeing .
tr	6	As he stared , the smile on the mask slowly melted into a frown , into a grimace .
tr	11	replied Beppe recognising the conversation that he had had with his wife many years ago .
tr	5	Let 's try and combine business and pleasure . "
tr	6	" Let 's take a look , " said Frank standing up .
tr	7	" Sid gave you the key to the door .
tr	6	' Good , good , ' he says in reply to some garbled comment .
tr	7	He looked scary and sounded even scarier .
tr	10	His sorts always have a ready smile and are always ready to carry out his slightest whim .
tr	11	He figured he 'd get used to his new self , in time .
tr	10	For the most part however , Rafe had sought to expunge Adele from his mind .
tr	7	Just don 't stay down there too long or you 'll start feeling light-headed . "
tr	6	Let 's roll , " Kendall said and they went downstairs .
tr	10	Then he led me through the dark home , passing through the halls in silence .
tr	7	At the mention of the Talisman the jeweller went rigid and stared at Archie .
tr	8	It was another decade before the Hunters finally tracked us down .
tr	9	How Chase looked driving it .
tr	7	His mother and sister must think him a psychopath .
tr	6	A short skinny , dark skinned woman with long black hair steps into the cockpit .
tr	10	Even with the most sophisticated programming available these were still machines and their workings were bound to be discovered eventually .
tr	9	I said , " Morning Dennis , pour yourself a cup and join the party ... .
tr	6	" Elaina , we can 't get the thing far enough away .
tr	7	Lilly Porter died in my arms that night , and I died too .
tr	11	" Who would be stupid enough to give such an order ?
tr	10	A stainless-steel water bottle lay there , and he cried as he fumbled it open .
tr	10	She noticed distractedly that she was crying but couldn 't hear anything over the ringing in her ears .
tr	11	Jeff understood that he was talking to a mother protecting her kids .
tr	9	Andra had to stop staring .
tr	5	Over the radio , President Shepherd says , " Good afternoon everyone .
tr	10	Hector had been of great assistance during their last operation against the IRA and the Russian Mafia .
tr	11	006 turned , pulled the door open , and dove flat into the limo , his feet dangling out the door .
tr	9	" Guess it 's time to see the boss . "
tr	10	Both Adnan and Josh caught on to what was occurring .
tr	5	" At the time I had my reasons . "
tr	9	" You don 't honestly expect to spar today , do you ? "
tr	10	We 're probably breaking about fifty of your country 's laws . "
tr	7	Ryan and his team knew as much about the Englishman 's space company as the Englishman .
tr	7	" It has provided me with a functioning short term memory .
tr	11	" How did you know there was a bomb in there ? "
tr	11	He wanted to pretend to be dense .
tr	10	Claire 's feet throbbed and her mind swirled with the myriad of information crammed into it .
tr	7	I took it out , flipped it open , flashed another smile at the men , this one more desperate .
tr	7	" No , we won 't do that , " Lady Kenna growled .
tr	8	Then he spotted a man with brown hair , dressed in an old suit , heading toward the security exit .
tr	6	Behind the parking lot , the flat empty Lincolnshire fields stretched all the way to the North Sea .
tr	7	Gordon tied the head back up , and in a moment was at the door .
tr	10	No one deserves to be chewed to death .
tr	11	" Are you willing to talk with us ?
tr	10	He wasn 't ready to think about them .
tr	5	All right , that 's it !
tr	9	" She will wake up in a moment , Finn , she may even deign to breakfast with us . "
tr	9	He noted , earning a growl of disgust from across the wagon .
tr	7	" Ya ' got a mighty long wait darlin ' , " he teased as his eyes twinkled .
tr	10	The documents were uploaded and armed for delivery by the most inventive methods conjured up by a creative vengeful mind .
tr	8	She focused on her breathing , her blade , the mocking Shaykh across from her .
tr	10	I wandered for what seemed like an eternity .
tr	8	I want you all to hear this too .
tr	9	From the pristine condition of the equipment there , it was clear that the facility had seen recent use .
tr	11	Her brother sounded like a posh TV detective come to arrest the pretty protagonist .
tr	10	She tried to peer around to watch .
tr	9	He had seen action in Northern Ireland during the ' troubles ' so his position was understandable .
tr	10	Evidently , they 're old friends ... " " So ? "
tr	11	Shells were bursting across the depression that separated the two forces .
tr	6	It was summer there ... ... .
tr	8	Charlie nodded then walked towards a table at the far end of the room .
tr	11	He had to keep telling himself that .
tr	11	They had established a defensive perimeter and sent out patrols to intercept any counterattacks from the south .
tr	10	' We can give them different flavours , which ones would you prefer ?
tr	11	Who would leave an injured man in the desert to die ?
tr	8	She continued until he shouted her name .
tr	5	" Jesse , I can 't - " " Yes , you can . "
tr	6	He couldn 't believe it .
tr	6	" Temperate woman , then , " Hugh said , and gave another low bow .
tr	10	" You can 't come rolling over the hill and tell us to leave our homes . "
tr	7	A moment , if ya please . "
tr	6	Elves and fairies and sprites , beautiful , and peaceful , gone now .
tr	9	They waded through the snow together , feeling it moisten their breeches .
tr	6	" Get some rest , " the doctor says .
tr	8	It should have been lonely , sat alone in the land of Mordor as giggling groups walked by .
tr	10	Either way , we can go down there and get the things we need .
tr	10	Logan led me inside where we found Phillip asleep .
tr	7	" Did he say why ? "
tr	8	There was complete silence , except for Jake 's growl .
tr	11	But he got caught out once too often touching up the women on the operating table .
tr	7	He 'd stuck up for me .
tr	10	Dave 'll page me as soon as there 's any change . '
tr	10	He was awake to the physical world and aware like anyone else but also unlike anyone else .
tr	10	' Whatever or whoever they 're after , they 're getting desperate , ' said Solange quietly .
tr	6	My brother , your Archduke Phillip , has been murdered . "
tr	5	" A few hours , I think , " Abby guessed .
tr	8	He hissed , " No , of course we won 't look for shells .
tr	8	Both Jennie and David gasped as they walked in .
tr	6	One moment her hands were empty , the next she held the bundle .
tr	9	A litany of Czech issued from the other end of the line : I recognised several choice expletives and winced .
tr	8	Nathan paused again , " And don 't take any chances you don 't have to . "
tr	10	If Aimee was on any kind of innocent trip , her grandmother would know about it .
tr	9	" I shall come back , " the man who looked like an Inuit said .
tr	10	Her biological father stood close by and laughed when the giant received the beating and she hated him .
tr	8	" An ' I canna let that happen , boy .
tr	9	He noticed then , standing behind his father , was Dawkins , his ever-present lawyer , looking dapper as usual .
tr	11	If it came to a fight , the Prince would need to get in close and then get away quickly .
tr	8	" Tell me about your deal with Alfred . "
tr	6	With a cool hiss , the metallic doors of the Hummer unlocked and opened .
tr	10	Our safety can only be guaranteed with you trusting me . "
tr	11	Dave cursed and blamed Rob for making them go down the wrong tunnel .
tr	11	She looked around frantically , trying to get up but obviously lightheaded .
tr	5	But at least Cisco is better .
tr	9	What will be gone of you ? "
tr	6	It wasn 't his first patrol , or even his second , still , his hands were sweating .
tr	7	She took one last look over her shoulder from the doorway and said a silent farewell .
tr	8	" Yes , we wanted to test the outer doors while orbiting .
tr	11	" I 'd love to move the game to the bedroom , " she said .
tr	8	That pays for this room and breakfast for our second day .
tr	8	" After I dropped the tracking device into the lake , he must have circled back . "
tr	5	" No , he is not , " cried Matthew .
tr	8	" On this I believe our chances are even .
tr	11	Would it kill him to say something positive for once ?
tr	7	Simon , prompted by the " safety " word , suddenly remembered the attempted kidnapping earlier that morning .
tr	10	He thought they could continue underground but it would be slow without lighting .
tr	11	What a glorious , wondrous and enriching visit it had been with the forgotten people of the mountains of Oz .
tr	8	He sat on the carved wooden chair as if it were a golden throne .
tr	9	There were other birds who did nothing .
tr	11	The zombie-like expression in her eyes , along with her lack of protest , actually worried him .
tr	11	" Kid , I think that you might be right for once in your life .
tr	7	I walked to the newspaper vending machine , deposited a coin and grabbed a paper .
tr	7	It was only for an instant , then she dropped to her knees on the rugs beside Elaina .
tr	9	I didn 't mean to frighten you . "
tr	6	A few bullet holes here and there , yes , but no legs !
tr	6	' Your word is worth little , ' he said , ' and your oaths even less .
tr	8	It bounced on the concrete , sliding toward him .
tr	9	He pulled it out and hit the button to answer but continued to watch the race .
tr	6	Once again , Beth sharply observed the woman with the wild , red hair .
tr	7	It is a beautiful constellation with just a few hundred thousand stars .
tr	9	With renewed vigor , he raced through the rest of his shower , scrubbing away the last remnants of his trip .
tr	6	Solitude and darkness are my covering , And my heart a tomb ; Smite and shatter it , O Gabriel !
tr	7	' Gentlemen ' he said through gritted teeth , ' my telephone has not stopped ringing this morning .
tr	10	I think the shooter was as shocked as I was . "
tr	8	He chatted with customers , instructed a new waiter , and then took off down the street at a brisk stroll .
tr	7	That time we all heard the whimper , and we loosened our weapons in their sheaths .
tr	6	The lived-in feeling of a teenage girl 's room .
tr	11	That was all that was said between us .
tr	7	Besides , being close to him was dangerous .
tr	10	A slow wind glides through the area , the trees rustling lazily as the sun continues to set .
tr	5	" Mr. Harrison , my yearbook faculty sponsor , also taught AP English last year .
tr	6	" I don 't care , " He says sharply and grabs my hand .
tr	9	He stripped off the long nightshirt and felt for the clothes he had hidden in the chest near his bed .
tr	6	Gradually , perhaps in a few years ' time , his old memories might come back . "
tr	7	The immigration official hesitated for an agonizing moment , and then relented .
tr	6	" Your eyes , certainly , " she added drily , and he let out a rueful chuckle .
tr	8	" And thank God for the trees , or the moonlight would have given me away . "
tr	9	" Perhaps something as simple as making the fire .
tr	7	I crept into the bushes to the spot I had picked out for just such an emergency .
tr	9	Unable to bear it , she rolled off the sofa , weariness dragging at her limbs .
tr	11	" I fear that your government could make a bad decision , possibly several bad decisions , " said Sampson .
tr	11	It was hard to resist blaming himself .
tr	8	After he escorted the police to the location in the woods , he went about fixing the ransacked rooms .
tr	6	One was most obviously a prostitute , one was possibly a dealer and the others were probably his users .
tr	6	The wind moving in the branches .
tr	6	" Then you and I will not be - " " Oh , yes we will . "
tr	6	" So , funny story , " I said , " but Justin sent our food over to your table . "
tr	8	Shield in hand , Link marches forward , his drive and purpose like nothing anyone in the room has ever seen .
tr	7	The tray weighed on my arm and on my mind .
tr	7	He 'd gone missing and could very well be dead .
tr	11	" I think you got taken to the cleaners " I answered .
tr	9	Both told him where to go and both left the force a few weeks later . "
tr	9	The drinks arrived in lightning time , the conversational dynamic repeating the previous pattern .
tr	6	A torrent of French filled the shop .
tr	8	When finished , the crowd erupted with laughter and applause , even a few gave a standing ovation .
tr	10	The King Snake bit into the neck of the Rattlesnake overextended in its eagerness to strike the Mice .
tr	11	That 's how I came to find this job .
tr	11	They both looked up at Theodosia , whose mouth opened in shock .
tr	9	" Want to check it out ? "
tr	11	A short while later I am lying on a concrete floor inside one of the storage units .
tr	8	She sat down beside him and instantly began petting the coyote .
tr	7	You don 't know , David ! "
tr	9	The turrets could rotate by 360 degrees and the barrel itself rotated in a 180-degree arc within its mounting .
tr	11	Although plans were hush hush so as not to arouse more scavenging , Lucas himself was in the loop .
tr	11	It smelt of too many boys who 'd been there too long .
tr	6	Rafe 's eyes narrowed in thought .
tr	8	The remaining men went down the stairs to free the crew .
tr	9	The old woman walked over to Miss Julie , still frozen in fear upon the concrete .
tr	10	I can 't give Carl an excuse to call this venture a failure .
tr	9	He started to chuckle and chew again , and she laughed along .
tr	5	" Good , " Gabe smiles .
tr	11	However , the thought that he was with her all along calmed her pounding heart .
tr	6	Then , inexplicably , it swirled , dove back down toward the ground .
tr	8	James asked changing the topic , and easing the tension .
tr	9	James asked when Sarah came back to the table .
tr	8	When Vivian lent her blood to Bob and Steve she should definitely have been the controlling Superior . "
tr	7	His face remains passive , but his eyes are expressive and bright with curiosity .
tr	11	' We 'll need posters because the promoter 's expecting at least twenty people . '
tr	10	I said , " Tell him to see Herb or Linda their in charge of stores .
tr	6	Scott walked slowly toward the little girl .
tr	10	I turned back in time to see Reid 's eyes flutter open .
tr	11	Galilee spluttered between taking in mouthfuls of water .
tr	6	Primes , like any celebrities , had their admirers , especially the young , handsome , male , unmarried Primes .
tr	7	Her driver also got a room and , grateful for a reprieve , left her to her own devices .
tr	11	It was the same ship that Paul Revere eluded before making his famous midnight ride .
tr	10	She should have broken every rule she had .
tr	7	Which is null of course . "
tr	7	The sexton thought it an unusual question , and a little too open-ended for his own comfort .
tr	9	This was more than he ever dreamed of .
tr	10	I expect reports for our next meeting at 2300 hours Eastern .
tr	7	" Pick him up for me , and put him on the settee will you ?
tr	8	Sure enough , there were devices planted on this side as well .
tr	11	Every little kid knows all about Abraham and Law of Attraction and everything that comes along with it .
tr	8	As he emerged on the other side , there was a sharp whisk !
tr	9	She simply winked in reply as she headed toward the pool .
tr	11	You know how well that works if you know that old joke .
tr	8	A maelstrom of bodies fought in a storm of victory and sorrow .
tr	8	" Parked half a block away from here , " said Robbie .
tr	10	Chapter 12 -- Delay Joshua thought he was in just about a perfect position .
tr	6	On der other hand ... a dwarf wouldn " t know one troll from another , right ?
tr	9	" Getting a couple of horses ready for us ? "
tr	10	I was too in shock , and from her serious voice , I realized it was like that .
tr	9	" Abby ... I want to be alone . "
tr	9	He took the photo of Tony Wei 's hands out of his inside pocket and held it out to her .
tr	10	" Oh Bryony , am I glad to see you .
tr	6	" My parents are dead , " he said over the sudden lump in his throat .
tr	5	" Yes , quite some time , " Paul answered .
tr	11	She was still too keyed up from the narrow escape to sit still .
tr	7	Then with sudden understanding , the dog let its protective instinct take over .
tr	6	one of the late arriving guests asked .
tr	10	Balzer knew why they wanted to know .
tr	10	' I 've checked what we shot yesterday and you look fantastic .
tr	6	" But why ... give me up ? "
tr	8	Get him downstairs now . "
tr	6	John ran to the barn with the big horse .
tr	11	And I 'd listen if you want to talk . "
tr	6	" I know not , " replied Finan with a shrug .
tr	11	The prisoner spoke softly , his calm words filling the air like the glow of a burning candle .
tr	7	This unfortunate trait did at times , have its amusing moments .
tr	7	" The pigs , do you hear me ?
tr	9	The letter was left unsigned , but Connor knew exactly who it came from .
tr	6	The boy turns around and gives me an appraising look .
tr	10	Those soldiers didn 't know what 'd hit them .
tr	10	Think about what 's going on .
tr	11	he asked , but she remained in place , eyes transfixed on the screen .
tr	9	" I thought her last event was the 100 , " Kaylie stated .
tr	11	They were defeated , but the killing went on and threatened to disintegrate into mass murder .
tr	11	Finally Megan got so tired that she decided to take just a little rest .
tr	5	" Those guys were Feds , right ? "
tr	11	To the east soared dozens of masts from sailboats moored at a private marina .
tr	8	I left the room , flying to the elevator .
tr	7	Mixing powder and water in his cup , he prepared his artificial orange juice .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes pulled off the wolf robe and bent down by the man .
tr	6	" Does she actually talk to them ? "
tr	8	The transition elicited sharp grunts of pain from the man , but he refused to complain .
tr	7	She tugged at her husband 's arm .
tr	10	She ran to catch up with him , all the while recording .
tr	7	He struggled for words this morning , but accepted the responsibilities as property owner .
tr	8	Reid was going to die .
tr	7	" For double the original amount , as we discussed previously , I can deliver . "
tr	8	His course took him close to Conway .
tr	7	On the march in quiet circumstances , they had arm and hand signals .
tr	8	" What is your question for Lilly really ? "
tr	11	" I will do so , but I think we need to go and sleep .
tr	7	He and Jeff collected the weapons and returned them to their place in the cargo hold .
tr	9	To the right of the monitor , there were several touch buttons that carried out various functions .
tr	8	The sun beat down on the slates of the eaves .
tr	11	I 'm sure we can work things out here like reasonable people . "
tr	9	What an inventive place to hide , " Dresden quickly observes .
tr	9	" David described her as being her mother 's daughter .
tr	6	" A very long time , " he said , and Zoe felt her hopes drop slightly .
tr	9	" Of course anything I can do to help , " she answered .
tr	10	Taking a deep breath , he shivered , eyes fixed on nothing in the darkness until it was nearly morning .
tr	8	Occasionally the moon would lance down and light our path through the fields .
tr	10	If he hadn 't known it before , right then and there Taylor knew that he had fallen for her .
tr	10	" Passengers would likely start dropping casino chips in and pulling the handle , especially the three-day cruisers . "
tr	9	The speaker sounded resigned to doom .
tr	6	Inside was a single , small , sturdy bed , a small table , a large wardrobe , and a crib .
tr	8	" I 'd say that and more , " he responded enthusiastically .
tr	6	Conway disliked the weapon , with its elegant , superior look .
tr	10	David looked over and could see the contempt in Dr. Morgan 's eyes .
tr	8	He placed a guiding hand on his shoulder and they walked back to the barricade .
tr	10	He turned to find Anna , Christy and Jessica all wearing their creations .
tr	9	First , my father would never say ' goodbye ' to his enemy before blowing them away . "
tr	7	Up there it would be a monumental blizzard , and she hated snow and cold more than anything .
tr	10	He knew he had to go .
tr	9	Well there 's an army at my back , and we will have Landon or you will die ! "
tr	6	Only one person in the world ever called him Bro .
tr	9	" You should be more careful , yourself , witch ! "
tr	8	And engineering Toby 's birth for research , Toby is just a lab rat to Alfred ! "
tr	5	Some sort of gang thing .
tr	9	Pete hit the ground hard , tumbling end over end , his hat and one boot coming off .
tr	6	" I know that , " Ross steamed , " but where in holy hell is she now ? "
tr	5	" These primitives and their telescopes , sometimes they get lucky .
tr	6	You are beautiful and smart , and its just too bad you are my mortal enemy .
tr	9	Now is not the time for that , she scolded herself .
tr	6	And the next time the security guard stopped by , he invited him in .
tr	8	The doctor assured her that with time it too would fade .
tr	10	' Yeah , but she said it 'd be a late session . '
tr	9	He mused at her choice of words : ' Home . '
tr	7	Reid certainly qualified as one , being a former Marine and cop .
tr	9	Within the next couple days -- " Alex adjusted the display , zooming out and rotating around the room .
tr	7	He eyes the screen of his laptop .
tr	9	his hand had brushed against the Sig on her belt .
tr	11	It 's only a matter of how fast they can process the data . "
tr	8	Don 't make her an orphan if it comes to that . "
tr	10	" It 's tiring to fly around , they are so very small .
tr	10	Toby had promised not to tell 007 much .
tr	9	" I can 't wait to see this whole ordeal over with .
tr	8	" I 'm sure you have .
tr	9	However every time he opened his mouth to speak , his pride choked the words in his throat .
tr	9	He said it 'd be easy .
tr	9	Don 't you think if things were that bad , people would 've already banded together ? "
tr	8	staying as we are seems like a pretty good idea to me , " pressing her rear into his body .
tr	7	" I 'll see you on the scaffold . "
tr	10	said Meyer , frowning at the notepad in his hand .
tr	6	David slowly turned his head from side to side with a concerned look .
tr	6	" I already told ye ... " he began .
tr	8	" Get that out of my home , ' I heard again . "
tr	7	His fiercely driven sword shore the first asunder ; then the desperate impact of the others bore him down .
tr	10	Archie stood up and began to walk out of the room .
tr	7	Without much choice in the matter , the boy begins downward .
tr	8	The larger man gave no sign of hearing , staring hatred at Gan .
tr	10	She heard barking coming from indoors .
tr	8	" It 's like a key or a link to hold me here .
tr	8	I turned to follow , but as I did , a howling echoed across the fields .
tr	7	Hungry silver ghosts flew out the windows and around the wheels .
tr	6	Bobby 's significantly lighter car picked up speed swiftly , even with the damaged fender .
tr	10	Men brought lanterns closer and as the glimmer of the light fell on the dark waters .
tr	10	Jennie stood up and took up a position in front of the door .
tr	8	' When you get on stage would you take your cymbals off their stands please ? '
tr	7	His only other tangible role was as a liaison to the NASA center , farther down the slopes of the mountain .
tr	6	The vast majority of psychics possessed only one strong talent but often one or two weaker abilities .
tr	8	Unless you were really stupid and had a death wish .
tr	9	We 've come to arrest him .
tr	8	" It was a joint venture between your company , Bob 's mother and the State .
tr	10	She found it weird how men acted in the Air Force .
tr	6	I ask in a thin little girl voice .
tr	7	The fur on their backs was filthy with leaves and spider webs , dirt and broken pine needles .
tr	10	Do you believe in God ? "
tr	11	There was no information to be gleaned here at all .
tr	9	" He 'll be in the yard in a little bit . "
tr	7	Now let 's play something fun . "
tr	8	Thoughts of Peyton and prison time faded , and I curled his hair around my finger .
tr	8	Chris knew then he was miles away .
tr	6	I ran my fingers over the beaded jewelry .
tr	11	On my return perhaps I should try to broaden my horizons , but how ?
tr	9	" We have to give it back , " said Ricky .
tr	11	He saved me when Faro wanted to rape me .
tr	6	Nicholas Harker , for his part , was silent and unmoving in the shadows .
tr	9	" Yes , definitely , " she said , ignoring half of his statement .
tr	8	Without dwelling on this conundrum , he gave a quick bow and replied with a short , sharp and compliant reply .
tr	6	Her brother lost , her sister gone away , and her father shrunken and silent .
tr	10	It makes me want to vomit .
tr	9	" Okay then , get your team on board and we 'll be out of here . "
tr	8	" North is Salt Lake City , south is Las Vegas . "
tr	7	One of them , for example , lifted John high up into the air and dropped off .
tr	7	I headed for the evidence room and shot through the security lock on the door .
tr	11	" So what are we going to do about Rebecca ?
tr	11	I sat there , tears falling like shards of glass .
tr	11	Treading on shadows , Garo moves without sound or essence , intending to deal the final blow to his prey .
tr	11	They had always kept the study locked , except while they were working .
tr	7	She sighed as she sat .
tr	8	I breathed a deep sigh of relief and let out a couple deep sobs .
tr	10	They were immune to the games of the Children and the Empress gave them relatively free reign .
tr	5	" Well , yes , in most ways , I guess , " Arlen murmured .
tr	10	As if it matters whether she was a coward or not , either way she will be broken .
tr	10	In no uncertain terms she explained that where I was concerned I was solely her responsibility -- totally and utterly .
tr	9	" What are we going to do Michael ? "
tr	6	" Thank God they 've gone , " said Ben with some relief .
tr	8	" I 've been wounded , captain , " the Prince said , " and that 's no concern of yours .
tr	9	There was no time to reflect or think -- he needed to reach the Seeker .
tr	8	If we don 't find anything we return to the camp and wait for Lilly Ann .
tr	6	She wore blue camo pants , a skin-tight low-cut t-shirt , and a fitted denim jacket .
tr	8	" Thank you , but I 'm fine now .
tr	7	She led Connor and Andre to the large table and spoke to the younger woman .
tr	10	I was suited up and prepared for a bout in no time .
tr	9	I used to believe in honor .
tr	8	He kept grinning at her .
tr	6	" You must leave now .
tr	6	She gave the group a pleasant smile , then she and Mito made a graceful departure .
tr	9	When he had the opportunity to hunt he brought back the best meat to me and Rosa - Lee .
tr	10	I just wasn 't sure you would believe me . "
tr	11	Doubt he 'd be head-banging at ze front . '
tr	11	I know when I have no chance to win .
tr	7	The next seconds were a blur of movement .
tr	6	' And anyway Willie the groom down at the stables has promised me a real horse skull .
tr	6	" You don 't trust me .
tr	8	Concerned , Claire stretched out a hand , but the girl had already dropped back onto her feet .
tr	6	Just to their left they saw a break in the clouds .
tr	9	That was okay because they didn 't need the men anyway .
tr	9	Andre paused in his motion of eating and looked up at Connor .
tr	5	But that don ' make ' em any less real .
tr	8	There were all shades of green , but none of the usual sunset colors .
tr	10	I followed blindly , weaving in and around tourists , probably pissing them off , but I had to know .
tr	6	" My name is Pasquale Roberto Moreno , my friends call me Paco . "
tr	7	I take note of this slight shift .
tr	11	They would need something with a lot more kick to take out the enemy tanks .
tr	6	" Cool team names aside , " he said , " your first mission is a serious one .
tr	7	Elegant soirees such as this were a thing of the past .
tr	5	" Did you have a nice day ? "
tr	7	" The tree 's real , really real , and really moist with real water , " he tastes his fingers .
tr	10	" Let 's get moving in five .
tr	10	Trying to hurt you more . "
tr	7	Echo scowled at him , wiped his spit from her eye , and then let his words sink in .
tr	7	Through the walls , I catch faint throbs of energy from the other motel patrons .
tr	7	In answer the noble creature bowed its neck and offered its back to Camden .
tr	8	Don 't forget gloves for the bat poop . "
tr	9	The phone started to ring and I answer it fast , thought that was Damian .
tr	5	" Oh , I know him all right .
tr	7	Daniel , a most enterprising California Mouse was satisfied with his summer .
tr	7	He brought her closer , their lips locked in tenderness .
tr	8	However , just as the match was getting interesting the housekeeper turned up .
tr	9	It was about the size of a kid 's playhouse .
tr	8	I have to be here .
tr	8	We can start work on larger models right away , but the units in construction now probably can 't be changed .
tr	10	Nathan didn 't answer but he thought that was pretty wise advice .
tr	9	" Will you sit at my table ? "
tr	8	A hilarious little mouse in a red jumpsuit came to mind right away .
tr	11	I moved in close as hands tried to pry me away .
tr	7	" And then nothing , I 'll go away and you 'll never see me again .
tr	11	asked Nicola " Nicola , is there somewhere we could speak in private ? "
tr	9	We arrived back in the Glen after being in relative civilization for almost three weeks .
tr	8	She had to save him .
tr	7	When Bradley , Megan and their mentors disappeared , the Adventurous and John were left on the street alone .
tr	9	The tears are purely a post-traumatic side effect of getting shot . "
tr	11	All Claire wanted to do was find a quiet corner , get out her iPad , and write .
tr	6	Noel 's knife was right behind and a second ' Indo ' joined the first .
tr	10	He reached the small group of military officers and shook hands with Admiral Towers , the commander of the response fleet .
tr	7	She also gave some small boys with distended stomachs part of their fruit .
tr	8	He would apologize for his clumsiness and again shorten his stride .
tr	9	In this mess , I 'd rather be able to fly .
tr	8	He asked angrily , rising to his feet .
tr	6	In Southern California , in the late 70 's , John worked odd jobs and got his green card .
tr	7	A silent figure of stone with one boot and black , cargo pocket pants .
tr	10	He carefully stumbled back to where Rita was sitting .
tr	10	He balled his fists , ready to continue the fight .
tr	9	The First DEMON Company had accounted for at least four times as many casualties as it had sustained .
tr	9	" Most of these farms haven 't been worked in two decades , " she said .
tr	6	Aren 't there any tourists around ?
tr	6	" Oh , Evelyn , I don 't really think - " " Julia , please , " Miss Georgia pleaded .
tr	10	The three tiers seemed to spiral up one into the other , moving with the contours of the landscape .
tr	6	The machines beeped and moaned , Karen 's chest rose and fell , but not on her own accord .
tr	7	It 's brand new , " Ted said " I just opened the package this morning . "
tr	9	It brought laughter from me and I soon realised from the look on his face that my reaction was misunderstood .
tr	9	He would know I had returned .
tr	8	But it is made immeasurably worse by one simple fact : Ted is not alone .
tr	10	Jin breathing slowed as he began to concentrate .
tr	11	Connor started to walk towards the exit of the stadium when Billy suddenly called his name .
tr	10	" She said she sleeps with the bear and the coyote visits her .
tr	11	I feel bad about the people I 've killed .
tr	11	Normally those lips were pursed in vexed silence , or snarling around bared teeth .
tr	5	Then again , these two weren 't exactly normal .
tr	9	But it 's not strange to me , know what I mean ?
tr	11	Jonesy did not need the team on the ground anymore and concentrated on what Maggie would tell him .
tr	6	The little one looked up , her wide curls framing her pale face and her eyes became two large blue saucers .
tr	9	As silently as he could , he scuttled down the hallway before she could see him .
tr	6	Scanning the sea Sarah could just make out a large rectangular sail .
tr	5	" No , it 's not , Peter , " Matthew said .
tr	11	As stage smoke billowed from its machine Calvin turned to see Raphael taught with concentration .
tr	6	I stuffed the hairpin in my back pocket , relieved .
tr	6	The Princess 's Ring Michael and Ben 's strange and mysterious adventures continued .
tr	6	" My son , " the Mother Turtle said in a beautiful , fragile voice .
tr	7	Oil splashed outward , ignited , and a length of bridge several feet long was instantly awash in flame .
tr	6	Mason thought about George Mudd .
tr	7	A tiger is pinned down , nervously crouched in the grass from the deafening noise and downdraft of the helicopter .
tr	10	He appeared to be asleep , eyes closed , gently breathing with a rug over his lap .
tr	10	One drifted through the gap between the fence bottom and the ground and landed on Mariposa 's snout .
tr	11	Just being able to tell him things .
tr	9	" No need for any of that , " Zelda dismisses with a slight smile .
tr	10	A large skeleton recoils the savage attack , taking a difficult step forward to attempt another .
tr	7	Be just like the old days patrolling the bush . " "
tr	11	Claire stopped abruptly , unsure why she was telling this woman all her troubles .
tr	10	We none of us will ever be able to forget , it would be wrong to try .
tr	5	' Of course First Minister , I understand . '
tr	6	' Yes , ' she replied , her tone still stern .
tr	5	So he 's not all bravado , then .
tr	8	It was ... it was , " his voice cracks , " God ! "
tr	9	Why did everyone grow testy when I mentioned it ?
tr	7	She stopped pouring the water , nearly dropping the bottle again .
tr	8	We no more than got settled and it was off to the Bright 's .
tr	9	Marko was in Cossack costume and Darya was in a very long and beautifully sewn shift .
tr	11	She must have gone through the Academy the same time you were there . "
tr	7	If the man came my way I 'd be ready .
tr	7	If they were so great , then let them defend themselves .
tr	8	She started to answer , but couldn 't .
tr	6	Maybe even a sort of kindness .
tr	7	Parties of revellers and office workers strolled along the pier , their voices loud in the cool night air .
tr	9	" Don 't saw the top of your egg with a knife ; it 's vulgar .
tr	6	Your boyfriend got in the way . "
tr	5	" Well , now , it was such a scandal ! "
tr	6	You , other people , animals , plants , rivers , mountains ... everything has energy .
tr	9	What did Jolie or Malcolm think we were hiding ?
tr	7	This ... this is what privilege does . "
tr	11	Josie had tried a few more times to ask Mark about his deaths .
tr	11	Blood roared in her ears , and her eyes seemed to be swelling out of her skull .
tr	8	" Things were different now , since the day I left the Academy . "
tr	7	" Um ... look ... Joe - " " No more negotiations , kid , " Joe interrupted .
tr	9	She seemed surprised that any of her clients would care .
tr	7	He looked around the room , taking a deep breath .
tr	9	His eyes widened as he took in her appearance .
tr	8	I winced at the thought of the expensive paintwork .
tr	6	" Her wrists are all torn up .
tr	10	As far as David being gone so long , I won 't lie to you , I 'm pretty worried .
tr	6	" How did you reach that conclusion ? "
tr	7	" What are you doing on my trail ? "
tr	7	" What 's the matter with you ? "
tr	11	They saw Pete , unconscious , laying on the ground at Mark 's feet .
tr	11	A group of scholars tried to restore the temple once the Zora fled north .
tr	7	Paddy strolled through the market but could not make them out .
tr	10	This gorgeous woman was unlike any I 'd ever seen .
tr	11	He tried to keep Megan 's spirits up as much as he could .
tr	9	What would you rather do , hunt a dragon or a lizard ? "
tr	6	The hand , as the fingers before , was withered and blackish .
tr	5	" Where is the wood kept ? "
tr	8	" ' Tis only I , Drogo , " reassured Rand , raising a hand .
tr	10	" Pick a direction - there 's no water for twenty miles or more , " Josie answered .
tr	8	He went away for seven months , and by her father 's calculations , he should have already been back .
tr	5	Courtney Cole 64 With My Last Breath , Book Three Chapter Eleven " By all that is holy ! "
tr	8	The retired furniture dealer had never shown any interest in such things .
tr	7	A moment later the rest of the support team began firing with their rifles and squad automatic weapons .
tr	9	I 'd learnt all I could .
tr	9	She did not hesitate to call me .
tr	9	" I haven 't got to do anything . "
tr	8	At last , only little pools remained in the deepest valleys of the seafloor , teeming with fish .
tr	9	Even if we were , we can 't leave poor Harris the way he is .
tr	10	I hate how clueless they are .
tr	8	And because she ran , the other chickens became afraid and ran , too .
tr	6	What was that all about ?
tr	10	There are far too many to fight , but she has no intention of going down easily .
tr	5	His black Armani power suit and black silk shirt were refined .
tr	7	" I 'm Helen Bones ; I 'm your guide , or supervisor .
tr	11	I don 't think they 'll be monitoring it .
tr	7	I am not a hacker , I am a research scientist , " said Jacob with wide disarming grin .
tr	7	" What are my favorite girls up to ? "
tr	5	" Morning , " I reply .
tr	9	The journey was simple , and despite the proximity to the Faith 's hideout , I felt brash .
tr	9	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle watched the canoes pass silently on the river .
tr	9	The drink scrambled his thoughts sometimes -- that was what the doctors said anyway .
tr	8	" That guy was Anthony Carter , Mr. Carter 's son , " Sarah said .
tr	7	They climbed down onto the tracks and separated into the different tunnels .
tr	8	Quite unexpectedly everything worked out and Sophia bought a wonderful flat with money to spare .
tr	9	I don 't know what they are , but there have to be .
tr	9	" We thought of that , but these particular bombs are most notorious for killing bomb squads , " said William .
tr	9	I scream again as the needle plunges into my back .
tr	9	The next day he sat down in Joe 's small untidy office , and he was told what he had .
tr	11	He murmured in a mystified tone , " That is how they did it !
tr	9	" And she said you were with Alejandro .
tr	9	The overhead light buzzed at the edge of hearing , as irritating as a fly .
tr	6	Hamish opened his mouth , and then closed it , and then opened it again .
tr	9	We 've seen a lot of your type recently though of course . "
tr	10	" You 're Da would be proud . "
tr	8	" That , dear sister , is where you are mistaken .
tr	7	Bring the Falcon , strong and true , or lose this land to memory .
tr	6	" ' You will die , Imperialist dog ' I 'm afraid . "
tr	7	" You vicious human warrior , " a woman 's voice said from inside the cloak .
tr	9	" I suspect they 'll do exactly that . "
tr	7	" As a matter of fact I do .
tr	10	This is something I have never seen before . "
tr	7	Blood tinged the roiling water as Mark and the giant wrestled beneath the surface .
tr	10	The stranger looked around the camp as he continued to speak .
tr	5	" You morons certainly took your time . "
tr	9	What are you going to tell me tomorrow ? "
tr	11	said George , " or do we just go in guns blazing ? "
tr	8	Well , I guess that you got me ! "
tr	7	The beast moved on , the water from the sky dying down and the bolts of electricity moving away from us .
tr	7	Blood was shed on both sides .
tr	11	Amy couldn 't understand but didn 't want to peel her eyes from the view .
tr	10	" When you come back here ... ... and you will , you come find me .
tr	7	" Your costume , " he said , holding out the ragged heap .
tr	10	Two black Freelander 4x4s with unknown registrations have since been recovered within a two-mile radius of the campus .
tr	5	" Claire , sweetheart , we were just out last night .
tr	10	The blow sounded like a boxer striking a side of beef .
tr	8	He too began firing his machine gun , riddling the shapeshifter with rounds .
tr	7	He seized the long instrument and called down to his son .
tr	6	They made calls , they read papers , they monitored every political event , but they just didn 't know .
tr	7	" Actually ... I don 't know , " Chris replied , choosing his words carefully .
tr	8	One morning while I was going through my morning ritual , stretching and renewing my body .
tr	11	He wouldn 't let himself be pulled in by it .
tr	10	The cat was sitting in the shade of a tree and appeared half-asleep .
tr	8	She started to cry again .
tr	8	A tail emerged from the shapeshifter 's back , stretching out into a barbed tip .
tr	5	" Only as an interpreter , as a business , " I said .
tr	11	A branch fell from a tree , which brought the party to a halt .
tr	11	He must 've written as much as I did , she thought , counting the pages .
tr	5	" Full Reaper 's can 't , but half Reaper , half Angel 's can . "
tr	10	He 's expecting to hear from you .
tr	10	Raphael said , ' He meant ze electric instruments didn 't he ? '
tr	7	But there was something else about him .
tr	9	I am Olmec , whose youth your own glorious youth shall restore . "
tr	10	" I 'm going to find my own way to your house .
tr	6	" Oh , I 'm starving , " Elizabeth replied with a mischievous sparkle in her eyes .
tr	11	Others outlined fantastic beasts , or how to create things with faces and beings .
tr	9	Finding the patch of lush green grass amongst the sea of dark blue proves easy enough .
tr	10	" I want you to take a picture of every intersection and pathway . "
tr	9	Scott looked back at where the trio had disappeared .
tr	9	" It took the most excessive palace in Europe to bring us to our senses .
tr	6	A chicken pecked at the ground .
tr	7	They sounded the alarm , and you know the rest , " finished Logan , leaning back into his chair .
tr	10	I remember when you first came on this ship , you were so very angry .
tr	6	Now , the Milky Way painted a bright splash across the night sky .
tr	11	John began urgently as if saying his findings fast would make them seem more extraordinary .
tr	9	He sat up suddenly , wondering where he was .
tr	11	Stupid , I think and finally , finally realize that an angel was just here , could still be here .
tr	9	The man in the hat sat down and picked up his newspaper again deliberately ignoring Archie and Andy .
tr	8	he said after he placed his order .
tr	8	Yes we are all okay here , as you put it . "
tr	8	" There is no need , you can stay here and rest , " Drew answered .
tr	11	Dr. Ortega had flown to the bedside and was leaning over Alejo 's shoulder , trying to support him .
tr	10	He told me not to do something foolish and to hide .
tr	10	" The board has decided to release Jacob Daniels , " said Jim with dismay .
tr	11	Mariposa saw how he admired them as if they were his prize catch .
tr	5	" So this ain 't just an idle threat . "
tr	6	And oh boy , Seth thought , that hadn 't been easy .
tr	11	She had to know what was happening .
tr	11	It wouldn 't be long now before these fleeing fools led her directly to the Vault .
tr	6	" Neither , " she announced , " I commanded a carriage . "
tr	6	Dad opened his mouth but no words came .
tr	9	The effort to clear away his prison and examine his wound again stripped him of his strength .
tr	7	That 's more than something .
tr	7	She turned to him , excited , and her face fell .
tr	5	" Yes , the song cycle , " whispered Taro .
tr	10	It does have electricity with the help of a generator .
tr	11	I knew I had to help him .
tr	8	Mrs. Cabot was still unconscious in bed , but Mr. Cabot was there also then , standing over her .
tr	8	I am glad I came .
tr	7	" Because he needs our help , " Josie responded .
tr	7	She and Andrew Sergeant and a police man in uniform were sitting behind her desk .
tr	9	The house was cold and damp with bare floorboards and paper peeling from the walls .
tr	7	" How do you feel , old friend ? "
tr	8	" Helm brings us just behind the juggernaut 's firing solution and pick a target ! "
tr	10	It had started with the copy of No Boundaries , No Blunders his mother had received at her baby shower .
tr	8	* * * After Raphael had left with tapes , Danny did an extra shift at the pub .
tr	9	" Time to get moving .
tr	6	The meat and vegetables come alive in your mouth .
tr	11	There was no necessity to have a library at home .
tr	11	He was going to try for the Olympics in ' 92 but decided he wasn 't quite ready .
tr	9	" Well , that 's about to change , " he said with a grim expression .
tr	10	He bent his knee to place the flower on the ground .
tr	9	Josie then turned and started walking to the gas station .
tr	7	" We can 't afford any accidents , okay ? "
tr	7	Every muscle felt torn from the inside .
tr	8	" Too bad he 's got the hots for Abby ! "
tr	7	From his location he had a good view of the underground building .
tr	11	Seems like we have some bad guys to eliminate . "
tr	11	There have been lights in the sky at night for hundreds of years on earth .
tr	6	" They are my family , " the Prince whispered .
tr	8	He removed his walking stick from the sand , and the two turned and walked past the dune onto the beach .
tr	9	He didn 't think that was possible .
tr	7	" But Lord , " Karsh answered shakily , " he is but one man .
tr	10	They communicated , but Mac didn 't know what they were saying .
tr	6	" It 's all right , " Miriam said .
tr	11	She knew somebody had her outlined against the fire .
tr	7	The sergeant 's face went even more pensive for a moment , but he continued after only a brief pause .
tr	8	A second chair , half pulled out from the table , separated the two men .
tr	11	The only one who could scent other Superiors in Yang 's presence was Yin .
tr	10	There are also some indications of militant organized tribal groups forming to the west .
tr	9	Leaving one man to guard the boat , the others made their way uphill towards the camp .
tr	9	The thought let out a confusing smile on him as he stares at the distant mountains .
tr	9	Don 't use anything be it your make up or any of the drinks in the fridge .
tr	7	The Star was given as a gift to your family line way back in ancient times .
tr	10	" I know you wouldn 't hurt me , " she tried again .
tr	9	As she patted it down to fit into the trunk she felt something hard in the hem .
tr	10	Manuel thought of the crow he 'd seen with Madison Akers .
tr	9	As soon as he pushed the quill through the keyhole , however , it instantly broke .
tr	8	The exchange had been agreed upon beforehand .
tr	8	" They 'd hardly understand the delicate nature of our Concern .
tr	8	They all blindfolded their animals in preparation to make their way across .
tr	10	If I was allowed to stay .
tr	7	I reached inside my coat and handed him the daguerreotype .
tr	7	Rafe was still , uncomfortable within himself .
tr	6	He thought dejectedly , but there is no other choice .
tr	8	Only a few days were left before his new friends Omar and Jabir returned to Tunisia .
tr	7	She sold her horse and put her tack up for sale on eBay .
tr	9	Sidney Lyndon was used to this kind of ribbing .
tr	5	" Just a defenseless woman , " she said .
tr	7	He poured half the bottle onto it , drenching it , and slapped it onto his arm .
tr	5	" Maybe a baboon or chimp , I du n no .
tr	10	Finally , Elaine served the appetite arresting news that Katherine had feared for some weeks .
tr	9	Gan sagged against the training tent , relishing the luxury of a deep breath .
tr	9	The train stopped at Olympus city and as we walked into the main hall , I glanced at the screens .
tr	8	The slightest noise , the most insignificant excitement or commotion , could cause his tenuous hold on life to break .
tr	6	" And movie market as well , " Jordan added .
tr	8	I 'd cross over for a hot girl , " James chuckled .
tr	11	" Are you going to keep an eye on them all ? "
tr	7	And what would her parents say of this sudden marriage ?
tr	9	Virgil entered the room and a pleased smile appeared on his face .
tr	7	He counted on Joe sorting out the odd legal issue here and there .
tr	8	" So , I do the speech , we watch the movie and then the cast party , " Tori said .
tr	8	He had finally released his death grip on Frank 's shoulder .
tr	9	I 'm coming , be patient , " he called .
tr	10	There was much work to do today and his lack of sleep would only make the day seem longer .
tr	7	" Don 't be stupid , " Christy snorted .
tr	9	" We have no choice as I see matters .
tr	10	For the usual fee plus ... five percent , I might remember something my Ears have heard . "
tr	11	Do you want something to drink ? "
tr	5	" The spinners , the cutters - " " Those were land disputes .
tr	6	" Well that was fun , " said the burned man .
tr	6	With a sly grin , the girl tucked the money into her blouse .
tr	9	I laughed so hard tears fell down my cheeks and I could barely continue .
tr	7	With a shake of his head , he said , " No , man , she 's spoken for . "
tr	10	They pulled the garage doors shut and drove home for some well-deserved rest .
tr	7	One more turn through thick pine trees and the promise was revealed .
tr	7	As the night wore on , his mind continued down this path .
tr	11	They saw a doe and her two spotted fawns and this prompted the couple to ask questions about the wildlife .
tr	8	When he was only a step away from the body , he felt something close around his ankle .
tr	9	He saw Tori sitting on the couch and sat next to her .
tr	9	Published by San Marco Press at Smashwords Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	8	shouted Logan as a small boy stumbled into the street in pursuit of a ball .
tr	9	" I need to pack still , and it is late . "
tr	9	They crossed the hall and entered the surgical lab , facing HS2 for moment through the observation glass .
tr	7	One by one the others came out of the container and joined Taylor at the airplane .
tr	9	" Maybe by the time I return I will be a new uncle . "
tr	7	Sarah let out a little squeak and did a funny little hop to the side .
tr	6	" I have no name , " he said defiantly .
tr	10	For Ted , it seemed as though the roundhouse was coming at him in slow motion .
tr	9	In the meantime we keep a really low profile here . " .
tr	7	Why would the mime be following Malcolm around ?
tr	7	Worse , it hadn 't been either accidental or a spontaneous reaction to attack .
tr	7	Our speed has increased twenty miles an hour in the last thirty minutes .
tr	8	When they were assembled , I said , " Ladies , gentlemen once again welcome aboard Pisces .
tr	10	We were requested to ensure your victory over Eden . "
tr	11	They had guided him this far and though he could have gotten here without them , he was in their debt .
tr	6	' He 'll live , ' he said with a grunt .
tr	7	' You 'll never get out of here alive ! '
tr	7	I rolled out of the diner 's parking lot at three a.m. precisely .
tr	9	Every year , Billy tried to pay Santa back for that .
tr	6	As he spoke , Bax twirled a finger in a circular motion .
tr	10	Things are going to get very tricky very fast , he thought , especially if Sampson moves .
tr	10	Karl started kicking the door to open .
tr	6	" We both do , " Jim smiled , " Let 's go . "
tr	8	It 's there , filling me all the way up .
tr	9	Now I won 't sleep tonight until I find it .
tr	11	A place like this , seemed like it could hold all sorts of treasure .
tr	11	Now he 's just hanging on because Sally 's taken pity on him .
tr	9	There was silence , and a moment later the metallic ring of weapons as they fell to the ground .
tr	9	There was nothing I could do .
tr	10	The question is how to reconnect with them .
tr	5	" Magical Love Gentleman volumes fifteen and sixteen , " he said .
tr	7	Parnell pointed a finger at her , " Watch yourself , young lady .
tr	11	Deep in thought , she began to relate a story very familiar to her .
tr	10	That was all that came to her .
tr	5	Clicks and hard , gnashing noises marked invisible activity .
tr	7	This here seemingly sorry excuse for a man is my best friend in this whole disgusting world .
tr	11	" Sounds good to me sir , if it 's OK with you I 'll take the normal fire team ... .
tr	11	" Sure , I think I could choke down one of your brownies today . "
tr	10	Claire gave a dry laugh , picturing some of Sky 's more spectacular tantrums .
tr	10	Catherine considered all she knew of magic .
tr	10	Sky should know her sister , particularly -- " She stopped , unable to continue .
tr	10	Beppe knew that he had finally found Simon 's father .
tr	10	" Wolf Eyes , I knew you would come back , " she said .
tr	9	The man turned from the struggling girl and laughed , deep dimples appearing in his cheeks .
tr	9	" Look , they come , " said Lorna softly , voice like the quiet murmur of far-off thunder .
tr	6	Why else would Mom have left ?
tr	7	Barney is ... well , he 's bankrolling the rebuilding .
tr	9	The scalps were displayed and carried by dancers around the fire .
tr	10	" Do you two know what you just did ? "
tr	5	All this without a single bobble from my grounded leg .
tr	9	The house is finished , we 're just waiting for the appliances and some furniture to be delivered . "
tr	11	The smooth , distasteful voice that had offered surrender earlier spoke once more .
tr	6	" Hey , we were kids , " she said .
tr	8	And you being so busy .
tr	8	" We 've started moving , " he reported .
tr	9	One by one they picked up their chairs and moved to the front of the classroom .
tr	11	Every home passed down through generations , destroyed by a hopeless cause of focused violence .
tr	9	But they 'll not submit to the WTR 's bullying ... too proud .
tr	11	You mean the French have different sized clothing than we do ?
tr	6	I can 't squelch my surprise .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	11	Until now the course he has chosen to pursue has done more good than harm .
tr	6	After a moment a very soft , almost indiscernible light played across the black .
tr	10	" We must be quick to leave this place .
tr	11	I left them alive and that was all they could ask for .
tr	6	* * * * Unlike any time before , Simon sat in the circle with the women .
tr	11	Are you going to marry her too ? "
tr	7	" If there are ghosts around , why haven 't you already banished them ? "
tr	10	A boy in the middle asked , " Where do we find the answers ?
tr	6	Adele slipped from the bed .
tr	6	Except for her eyes , the courtesan 's smile was a firm and impenetrable mask .
tr	9	Hoping to call his bluff , Less ' heart skips a beat as the arrow is released .
tr	11	You don 't want to miss it , do you ? '
tr	11	" I will then have to search every ' shadow ' in this city ! "
tr	9	Ryan watched the news while he monitored his shuttle 's progress .
tr	10	" Grenades don 't grow on trees you know . "
tr	10	" We have a few months of peace before the guys at NASA come sniffing around .
tr	7	Running headlong into his class , Ben immediately got the lads together .
tr	6	" Sorry , " the guy said and grabbed his kid 's hand .
tr	11	Ed shouldered his way past to see Burt and Hank wrestling on the ground .
tr	7	Everything he just said terrifies the piss out of me .
tr	6	" The rest of you get clean-up duty .
tr	8	No one ever spoke his name around her , but he was practically a legend among the men .
tr	7	" I called and a man came to me .
tr	6	The woman on the ivory seat had not risen .
tr	6	She licked her lips , her only thought , sucking his sweet c * ck once again into her willing mouth .
tr	11	I ask as Cat leaves to get the supplies .
tr	8	" This is the XO , all available hands on deck !
tr	6	" It was a small black bear , " he said in answer to the unspoken question .
tr	6	Where you live indicates your work and social position within the social order .
tr	5	More specifically , it was his home town , Grimsley .
tr	10	Connor had only seen this type of weapons in old movies .
tr	10	You 've been with me since , and there 's no chance of me contacting him now . "
tr	8	The others sat , all settling into the sunlit chairs .
tr	11	I nodded respectfully and it seemed to make him blush .
tr	8	Friends from the club , all of whom commanded similar sized companies , earned ten times as much as he did .
tr	8	But I 'll do so at the next temple , and beg their blessings upon you . "
tr	9	Unwilling to admit it , Claire felt , nonetheless , a need to linger .
tr	7	Having a weapon , or even exceptional private knowledge , conveys power in this new political and robotic military era .
tr	9	" You follow Jenkins here , " the Sergeant slapped a soldier seated next to him on the back .
tr	6	Suppressing his sigh , he glanced at his watch .
tr	10	' Okay , ' she said thinking pregnancy might be all the more likely .
tr	6	The lines on his forehead looked like mountain ridges .
tr	10	I have natural parents whom I 'll probably never know .
tr	7	The ball came their way again , perfectly thrown , but a bad decision on their quarterback 's part .
tr	5	Guns , drugs , people , credit card numbers , whatever .
tr	5	No marble , no spires , some stained glass , and a nice cross .
tr	8	I 'll drink this one , Miriam , and we 'll ring for another . "
tr	6	" Well my friend , a few days ago a young teenager rented a room from me .
tr	11	Harrison charged at Pike who had just regained his feet .
tr	10	I followed trying to rack my brain .
tr	5	Full lips , ice blue eyes , long black hair , and strong , shapely body .
tr	9	To start learning from her .
tr	11	Jon says you might be staying for a few months .
tr	8	And take care of yo 's elves . '
tr	11	Beyond the transparent walls , lights glowed and winked on instruments sitting atop the work surfaces of a lab .
tr	10	she seemed to be asking for forgiveness .
tr	8	She had gone for a walk nearby with the baby , Michael .
tr	11	Drew stared at him in amazement , " How did you learn that ? "
tr	8	The only difference now was that his family was larger .
tr	6	He was extremely busy this time of the year .
tr	11	Only when he mentally focused on getting down did he manage to do it .
tr	11	Melody started a fire and perked a pot of coffee , then set about cooking breakfast .
tr	9	" Proceed forward , " he said , and then moved his eyes to the rest of the group .
tr	5	To the adolescent Squirrels the old Squirrel 's stories seemed outlandish .
tr	9	" You 're lucky I found you . "
tr	9	Once in the house here she provided ongoing information as to the comings and goings of everyone .
tr	8	We rooted through the drawers for a watch .
tr	6	After they left , she took them up to her office .
tr	9	Someone who cared for her .
tr	8	" And I ordered bacon but they gave me ham . "
tr	9	" Sound pretty nuts when you put it like that . "
tr	8	To the south , the fading sunlight glistened on the distant peaks of the Alps .
tr	9	" Do we have any weapons , just in case ? "
tr	10	Sometimes things are described as diseases when they are not .
tr	8	Can I take my jacket off , ' it 's sweltering in here ' and 2 .
tr	7	" As you are fully aware , my role is more advisory in nature . "
tr	10	" Not for another ten minutes , Courtney 's the slowest person to get ready . "
tr	9	He tapped the brim of his hat in salute then headed for the door .
tr	7	Besides , like I said , motor oil is motor oil and a snake is a snake . "
tr	5	" Eve , Riley , Cheyenne , Dylan , me , Noah , Kyle .
tr	10	I think it still works in automobiles , but maybe someone at an airport saved it or forgot about it . "
tr	5	" Wow , he had a bad temper . "
tr	11	Sneed was looking better and better the longer Mac was around him .
tr	10	Riki cried , unable to bear it anymore .
tr	10	" I just can 't seem to remember from ' 62 to now . "
tr	7	Made of magical burnished lead , the Cursed Hand 's right hand was , well , cursed .
tr	11	Apparently , another attack will be coming soon , since the contract is not yet fulfilled .
tr	7	Where does she put it all ?
tr	11	I am not about to give myself away just to spite him .
tr	8	An extensive search was mounted for him , but no trace was found .
tr	5	" Come in , Kira , " my father repeated .
tr	8	Mail flashes in the sunlight , and you feel the nervous excitement of the unknown .
tr	10	We broke in through a side door and went in search of the Functional Genomics and Bioinformatics department .
tr	8	Sweat ran down Gabriel 's face , along with the blood .
tr	5	" Let 's just go , " he added , also annoyed .
tr	7	The bear finished his licking and moved on a little down the hill .
tr	5	" Well , at least Hollis is legal age ... . "
tr	10	A spark of suspicion ignited in my head and I started to doubt Kron 's motives .
tr	8	He was holding another glass , and his face was redder than ever .
tr	9	" A pleasure to see you Princess , " one of them expresses , maintaining his bow respectfully .
tr	5	" Well , thanks for your time , Ajax , " he said .
tr	11	The president said to Sam as the staff filed out the hall door at the end of the briefing .
tr	11	Before any of them had a chance to speak , a single shot rang out , then another .
tr	10	Rob shut the trapdoor and helped Dave upright the stove and scoot it back over the opening .
tr	7	" Help you mother get food and water into the basement , " he told them .
tr	8	As he came nearer she inhaled the familiar scent of aftershave , although without the bass note of smoke .
tr	7	Sadie , Hawkins , and Jayne were with us , the puppies no longer puppies .
tr	11	I hope this will be the first book of four .
tr	10	A dark attractive woman was working on a jigsaw puzzle with a handsome and smiling blond teenager .
tr	6	" I don 't care , " she stopped his explanation with a kiss .
tr	7	" You delivered that thing into our midst , " he snarled and brought his sword down in a deadly arc .
tr	8	Frank moved with her towards the chairs , sitting across from her .
tr	9	" I 've never seen anything like that before , and my family lives by the docks .
tr	10	" No you 're not , " he said as he pushed the door open further .
tr	8	" Lidia , I did not know you expected guests -- Dominic ! "
tr	9	Satisfied they would be compliant , he headed down the stairs .
tr	6	I dropped onto the bed .
tr	10	They hefted Landon forward another half step forward to prove it .
tr	7	He pushed against the plastic , ripping it .
tr	9	Claw took a deep breath and said , " Well , since everybody was gathered here tonight .
tr	8	Steve and his tutor will be training out of Berlin . "
tr	5	" Then that is that . "
tr	10	She draw near and gasped when the figure became perceivable by her senses .
tr	9	" We 'll say it was the first one , the one that old Mr. Stark lives in .
tr	11	Our emotions tell us if what we are thinking is in line with what we prefer or not .
tr	10	I tossed the bloody wipes on the trail and Callie instantly scolded me .
tr	10	The answer is -- you both know how to fly . "
tr	7	Lilly Ann looked around her , confused only for a moment .
tr	10	" You should have planned that better , " said Lynn .
tr	10	" What is it she 's so upset about ? "
tr	7	" I wasn 't with him at the time , " she informs , strangely hostile toward the man .
tr	7	I 'll put them in his shoes . "
tr	6	Pale pink streaks hash across his back .
tr	6	Zoe 's facial expression quickly changed from fearful to a blank stare .
tr	7	I stopped moving and rested my cheek to the warm stone .
tr	5	And of this great legacy , Jace was now a part .
tr	5	" Repair ... " Red utters , his voice crackling .
tr	7	Against that unknown , the odds were never in our favor and many good men died that day .
tr	11	If you are Helen who reads this , I have something to say to you : Go to Hell ! "
tr	8	" Exactly , " breathed McCutcheon as he watched the screen .
tr	7	The first governs Europe and Africa , the second governs Asia and Australia , and the third governs the Americas . "
tr	7	Then they started putting their motorcycles away .
tr	9	Ted turned to his left and walked to the corner of the wall at the end of the paddock .
tr	7	The 1st Platoon commander had been killed and Ghost was effectively running the platoon now .
tr	6	He stared back at her with his mouth open .
tr	5	" No Sidney , " he said gently .
tr	6	The gentry sex dungeon below us kind of detracted from the maple cupboards and crown molding , though .
tr	8	" Catch me if you can , cunt . "
tr	8	Our exploration eventually comes to a conclusion , and back home this will probably feel like a dream or illusion .
tr	10	I 'll -- " " You 'll do nothing of the sort , " a determined voice said .
tr	7	Captain Osiris looked Atticus up and down , nodded and walked to the door .
tr	6	With a furious thrust the lance flew down into the water .
tr	7	" Tori , get down here for breakfast , " her mom yelled from downstairs .
tr	8	" Beware of Bishop , " added Jonesy as they watched the small jet takeoff and quickly disappear .
tr	10	" Should we ... should we stay away from town , do you think ?
tr	10	' They may still be alive , ' I said flatly , reaching for the pass key at my waist .
tr	8	Each young brave went on his own conviction , running through the cane line .
tr	7	He looked up at them quizzically , Margaret started to blush .
tr	7	A commoner steals the Queen away in the night and returns with her half dead .
tr	11	She remembered asking Holiday that question before .
tr	7	Jude 's dad bit behind the Rattlesnake 's head so hard he severed the neck , immediately killing it .
tr	10	You are a smart and mature young lady , " " Thank you , " she replied , sincerely flattered .
tr	9	I need to stop panicking .
tr	8	As darkness swallowed all aboard , we returned to our cabin for a night of fulfilled rest .
tr	6	He ' s a capable sailor , but he has the ' twist ' .
tr	11	He continued to write without looking up .
tr	6	He pauses , squints for a moment , then adds , " Someone just suggested bioterrorism . "
tr	11	So help me gather kindling to make a fire .
tr	10	John inquired , " And what are we going to do ? "
tr	6	The brawler came out of his corner heavy on his feet .
tr	11	He realized that Jon was either supplying Tsubasa or selling for him .
tr	8	" I 'll go with you and talk to the Khan .
tr	9	She asks with a smile , blowing a lose strand of hair off her nose .
tr	11	Avery cackled at the wheel , realizing his illusion was working perfectly .
tr	7	Jacob silently shot Victoria a puzzled look .
tr	10	He said professionals as if the word was synonymous with royalty .
tr	10	It is time to be away from these people .
tr	7	The time of darkness has passed , but the drought continues .
tr	6	" Mostly ports , Lisbon , Sevilla , Le Havre , Portsmouth , places like that . "
tr	8	Now you bring us all to our doom with your weakness ! "
tr	10	Lucas looked up to the sky and figured there was another hour and a half of daylight left .
tr	5	A moment later , Amanda 's phone was ringing .
tr	8	" So you transport the coke to Senor Arana , where 's he at ? "
tr	9	" She has to go with you .
tr	9	Sorry I was a bit short with you just now , got a lot on my mind . "
tr	8	Reading it somehow always made him feel better .
tr	6	" Meaning , of course , I 'm a horrible monster , and he 's an angel ?
tr	10	She could feel his various sensors feeding in input , raw data detailing their surroundings .
tr	6	The man , taller and broader , wore a huge fur coat with a big collar .
tr	6	" Wait -- why can 't you give me one ? "
tr	10	I turned to see who it was .
tr	7	Fear of anything and everything , but mostly because I 'm so damn tired .
tr	7	He didn 't look particularly happy about it , either .
tr	9	He looked up at her and his eyes filled with tears .
tr	11	You wouldn 't have stopped running if you weren 't . "
tr	5	" Geek " , " weirdo " , " zombie " , or even " random " .
tr	11	" Um ... yeah ... but , I mean anyone could come across my trail right ? "
tr	8	Then they 'd take it the next step and break all my fingers , one by one .
tr	7	" They didn 't know about the flashlights .
tr	9	She chuckled , " It puts a lot of people off . "
tr	9	It was Elaina he worried for .
tr	7	" I have never seen anything so ugly in my entire life .
tr	8	What could be happening here ?
tr	9	God willing , Faithful Soldier , you will report to queue B7 .
tr	11	He fought anyone who spoke of his mother with less than immense respect .
tr	7	He finished the biscuit and wiped his fingers on his jeans .
tr	9	The interior of the house looked like it was out of an old movie .
tr	9	I watched him how he sighed again and somehow he was grudging me .
tr	9	Is it because we soaked you at the lake today ?
tr	8	He gazed out over the fire into the memory of that day , reliving it there by the fireside .
tr	7	Tim Reynolds was continuing on , but Jim Meeks ' gigantic frame suddenly thundered up to him in a huff .
tr	7	They 're all wearing wool coats , you know .
tr	6	" No on all three counts , " he replied , his beautiful brown eyes almost smiling .
tr	6	Stories of demons and legendary beings , good versus bad , fantastical creatures , hidden pathways to the great unknown .
tr	7	I pretended ignorance and gazed at him steadily .
tr	11	I can send Messengers to intercept them and tell them of your search . "
tr	10	He really was a city boy , but he wasn 't afraid to try anything .
tr	8	The three new pilots could fill the necessary gaps for a full C-5 flight team .
tr	5	Like Vasa , the Mary Rose was a warship .
tr	6	The man and the Warrior shook hands , and then he and the woman led the children away .
tr	11	She flinched at the electric shock that ran from her head to her groin .
tr	11	Claire stood up , ignoring the protesting creak in her knees and back .
tr	7	The pool in which I floated was massive .
tr	9	' That 's going to kill you one day . '
tr	10	He periodically had to take them off as his face would begin to itch .
tr	7	You mentioned Law of Attraction .
tr	8	" I 'm immune to telepathy . "
tr	9	He caught up to the flaming ninja for a moment and reared back his mighty right arm .
tr	7	It was a pretty sky and I walked towards the only seats in this open area .
tr	5	It was all on the up and up .
tr	8	" Don 't look at me , " David said .
tr	7	Chapter 7 -- Following the Path " OK . "
tr	7	' Better make the most of it .
tr	10	Scrambling up to kneel beside her , he searched her wet face .
tr	8	What was he supposed to do ?
tr	10	I don 't know what song I 'm humming , so I supply my own words .
tr	8	" Well that 's remarkable -- even though I say so myself .
tr	7	Moments later , we paused in the clearing smoke and observed the still bodies around us .
tr	9	It 's a breathtaking scene but how did I get here ?
tr	9	They were already in the midair when something glistened behind their trail .
tr	7	And then the silent movie would start again and the scene would play over and over .
tr	6	Despite the busy farm bustling around them , the connection was close and private .
tr	7	You 've had a rough enough trip down here , I suppose .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events or localities is entirely coincidental .
tr	6	The governess handed the paper and the book to Miriam .
tr	7	" Quickly now , move the body , " Fitzgerald barked from his position on his side .
tr	10	I cut a few corners , got sick of the bureaucracy , the bullshit , it tied my hands .
tr	10	The Traditions of the Order say , " A dervish without virtue is less than a beggar . "
tr	10	Or what might happen if it stopped .
tr	7	He was a soldier , yes , but he wasn 't normally violent .
tr	10	Dex I 'm going to hell .
tr	6	And now , Elodie , alone of the 12 is still free . '
tr	7	Nathan pointed to the bridges along the eastern border and the refugee camps marked by red circles .
tr	9	After swallowing the last bit , he seemed to come back to himself .
tr	5	" Want the same Frank ? "
tr	8	She saw that he loved her .
tr	9	She wanted to stop crying .
tr	9	Rob grabbed his key off the dresser and stuck it in a little zippered pocket on his suit .
tr	11	I think the President was a state governor at the time and maybe he was just doing his duty .
tr	11	I hope it works because it smells awful .
tr	9	Do you love him ? "
tr	9	To my relief , Isaac led the traverse while I hung back and paid out the rope .
tr	11	I can show you how to do it clean .
tr	11	" There is a man here who has some important information for you .
tr	10	Toby wondered if William had programmed that into 007 just for him .
tr	10	He is of average height , but the cloak makes his size and stature impossible to determine .
tr	10	Think you can handle that ? "
tr	9	Glad to see it ain 't so . "
tr	9	Birds alighted from surrounding trees at our passing .
tr	10	" I wish I could show you yours .
tr	11	My body and heart were traitors to what I knew in my mind .
tr	8	I don 't see any girls here , just you . "
tr	9	He was noted as the best tracker in the village .
tr	9	The Headmaster suddenly stopped her and made her turn to face another door .
tr	7	Someone tugged on my coat , but I brushed them away .
tr	6	In the corner , my chest of drawers still stands , somehow , like a good soldier .
tr	6	" When last we talked , " said Vac , " you were not exactly forthcoming .
tr	8	Another set of glass doors stood closed on the other side of the room .
tr	9	" It 's not too late to come back , Rift .
tr	11	" 007 , that 's called brown nosing and it was a feeble attempt at that , " said Alfred chuckling .
tr	8	' No , it 'll only make things worse , ' said Reid .
tr	7	The agent reached under his jacket and pulled out a 5x7 photo .
tr	7	After a short time he said , ' leave him now Terry , let him be . '
tr	6	One was right or wrong , guilty or innocent , and alive or dead .
tr	5	Of course he wasn 't ok .
tr	6	Then , " Yeah , she 's in there .
tr	8	She looked around the abandoned lounge , thankful that they were the only occupants .
tr	8	Folk were beginning to bustle about and heads were turning toward the stranger .
tr	9	" Nicola , Simon has gone to great lengths to find you .
tr	9	It was almost dark and the light post began to shed the light .
tr	10	The image with her on the beach in the dawn came into my mind .
tr	7	The Prince slid the guard onto the blade , and hefted the sword in one hand .
tr	9	" Humans offer huge caches of energy , and they 're easy to obtain . "
tr	6	Samadhi State of illuminating trance , the grave of a saintly person .
tr	11	They were men of burly build , dressed in rough denim pants , colorful flannel shirts and thick woolen jackets .
tr	6	In fact , every aspect of this world seems hostile . "
tr	10	She said mine had turned blue .
tr	7	My strides are long and graceful , and I feel , really feel my new body in motion .
tr	9	I needed to mix with the people .
tr	10	" Anyone can see she means well , " he responded .
tr	7	Clancy moved off to the side , grabbed a low limb and pulled himself up into the branches .
tr	6	Even so , he was taller , heavier , and more powerful in his movements .
tr	8	" Alfred shot Mohammed , in self-defense , and then suffered a heart attack .
tr	8	In a flash he remembered his kidnapping in the Fortress , and the attempt on his life .
tr	7	" He was once a great man , Toby , " said Jacob .
tr	6	I sure do appreciate it , though . "
tr	9	Chapter Sixteen Repeatedly , Captain Richard Tate 's elderly face is smashed into a smoking sparking communication console .
tr	8	She could feel him move closer .
tr	9	With nothing but a sigh in response , the ghost looks to his left , and fades away where he sits .
tr	11	The men were evil and did all manner of evilness to everyone who was not their kind .
tr	9	If he wanted to play .
tr	11	" You 're lucky he didn 't use poison , you fool !
tr	11	All he could think of to do was to walk .
tr	10	Being a specialist in unarmed combat the school seemed to be a natural for him . "
tr	11	I could glimpse terror , resentment , and confusion all pass before his eyes .
tr	8	Atticus was still in the closet as alert and ready as when he first entered .
tr	7	He took the glasses and focused on the ruins .
tr	9	hardly makes a sound , bit of a collector 's item really ... .
tr	7	" All I found was a pet shop .
tr	8	He raised an eyebrow and his face softened .
tr	11	Chapter 16 -- The Assassin Walter Beale always knew he was destined for greatness .
tr	10	She turned and brushed past him , walking calmly back into Frank 's office .
tr	7	Everyone else in that fight got cuts or bruises or broken bones , but Charlie 's body is unmarked . "
tr	5	Shimmer landed , her body lathered and her breathing labored .
tr	7	Eda rocked back on her heels , her face showing plainly her shock .
tr	8	They reached the stone steps with the " Giants ' Needles , " as Neil now called them .
tr	10	It was easy to move through , sparse and coarse and brittle from the winter months .
tr	7	" Move to safe distance , " he directed .
tr	7	" Yeah , the Adventurous said , and you believed , " Bradley thought to himself , still feeling sad .
tr	8	That grin faded though as Jacob held up a hand .
tr	7	The other one was hitting on me the whole time . "
tr	6	Lotte laughed , threw open her cupboard , pulled out dresses , and chose a beautiful brocade .
tr	10	I 'm so happy to have Calvin and you guys .
tr	9	" It is good to make your acquaintance Mr. Fletcher .
tr	6	" Last summer I climbed Mt. Everest . "
tr	9	She bit off another hearty chunk to gather her thoughts .
tr	7	" You sent for me sir ? "
tr	11	She lowered her head , afraid to look him in the eyes .
tr	10	I 'm sure you will love it .
tr	10	The tales he used to tell had become legendary .
tr	11	He did appear to be prepared for emergencies .
tr	6	But then it was gone , and we moved onwards .
tr	5	And the Jackson kid and the girl ? "
tr	6	He drops back into sleep .
tr	6	" Don ' recall anyone sayin ' it be break time . "
tr	8	It 's burned a little and it has a fire symbol , " Tori said showing Daniel .
tr	9	I was held hostage in my room cleaning guns with Alita .
tr	6	" Save your breath , missy , " said the older man , his eyes hardening .
tr	6	" All right , " Daniel stood up and gave Tori a hand .
tr	10	" It 's okay to be weak , " I say for no reason .
tr	10	I 'm sorry I 'm not making any sense .
tr	9	Connor hastened the pace of the dance as the rhythm of the band raised its tempo .
tr	5	" No , there 's not " she replied .
tr	6	Of course he didn 't read it .
tr	6	The gun and the sword clattered out of his grip .
tr	9	" You know it is , Barney , " Pickett said .
tr	11	That 's all you have to say ?
tr	5	" But he threatened us earlier . "
tr	8	" I told you it was just a grazing . "
tr	5	Galileo Shipyard Low Earth Orbit December 11th , 2027 " OK , hold it right there . "
tr	9	Lie down and let me rub your back , God you 're so tense your muscles are like iron bars . "
tr	9	He 'd almost forgotten it was there .
tr	9	Col said , " I don 't understand it , but I don 't question it . "
tr	8	I was always bailing his ass out of tight spots , " she said with a trace of melancholy .
tr	6	Silly little bugger , " he added affectionately .
tr	6	And that Old Johnny built the hunting lodge before the First World War , before the great depression . "
tr	7	" Although we sort of lost the ' save ' part of that plan . "
tr	9	Admirals Gao and Towers had spent hours on the communications system discussing the problem .
tr	11	" It has made me ill to hurt you .
tr	9	Is good , come ... is time you meet my old trainer . "
tr	6	" They are our brothers , our sisters , our neighbors , our parents , our children , and our friends .
tr	11	I always carry a pen to write lyrics should inspiration strike . '
tr	10	I doubted anything would rouse the slumbering Zeal , but my little rebellion made me feel better .
tr	7	She switched her attention to the three racks in the corner , ran another diagnostic , and shook her head .
tr	5	" ... well , it 's the truth .
tr	9	Next to that is the L , which stands for Lima , in Peru . "
tr	5	" The devil you don 't , you big , bearded , bug-eyed baboon ! "
tr	9	Tori ran to the bathroom and she went in one of the cabins .
tr	11	I curiously asked , even if I was happy that I would not go .
tr	9	We have welcomed many humans to our world since they discovered us .
tr	11	Sailors scattered around as they started to do their daily chorus .
tr	7	True to form , Elaina marched right in without hesitation .
tr	9	They set off at a run , streaking through the downpour and into the castle .
tr	8	I glanced to where he stared .
tr	9	His wings were pulled forward to cover his face .
tr	8	" Something is not right with this , " said Joshua .
tr	8	Their eyes say something to each other that I cannot fathom .
tr	7	Mariam starts slowly , " The only thing our desperate times did was add more and more babies to their clan .
tr	6	" Clever , " I said , " Just a child 's toy , really , but useful sometimes .
tr	7	" Oh , aren 't you clever , " said Natalie and began to stroke the pigeon .
tr	8	Alejo seemed startled by her sudden question , but he didn 't slow his stride .
tr	6	" Welcome , Captain Drake , " the warden 's voice gurgles over the loud speakers .
tr	7	" Thought you might like a friendly face , " he said laughingly .
tr	10	" That 's near the West Indies , isn 't it ? "
tr	9	A shape that still remained on its wheeled carriage trembled , thereby identifying the source of the cries .
tr	8	I will go to sleep .
tr	8	As fate slithered into the tunnels , Sylvia 's pups were in the least danger .
tr	10	Then Anna started taking measurements again , while she and Marja discussed styles .
tr	5	" Louisa , Danny , and the baby ... " " Not now , " Wil warned .
tr	9	She would miss him , her big bear of a brother .
tr	8	Emma tried to dissuade him .
tr	8	You guys are done for today ; I 'll give you a ride , and we will start training tomorrow .
tr	10	Suddenly his mind caught hold of the discussion going on about the electrical problem .
tr	7	Something closed around her waist , pulling her backwards , dragging her under .
tr	10	It wasn 't long before the flock decided to move .
tr	6	He just stood there , gun pointed at me , blathering .
tr	6	But also an enormous risk , given how little they knew of her true motives .
tr	10	I nodded , relieved that he believed me .
tr	9	Mark peeled a hundred off of the wad of bills and offered it to Kendall .
tr	11	" Okay , the Veils I know , but who are ' The Order of Darkness ' ? "
tr	11	" I thought t ' would be some foolishness of that sort .
tr	11	" I 'm curious , why do you think I 'd be studying nursing ? "
tr	9	That was a detail wasn 't it ?
tr	9	Behind them the engine roared with shocking might grateful to be free .
tr	6	" Well then , see you next week , " she said , and then hung up the phone .
tr	6	" Yes , perhaps I should have , " said Ricky , thickly .
tr	6	" Just as I thought , " Mana said .
tr	11	There was no rush in his action as he stroked her neck and shoulder and told her how beautiful she looked .
tr	8	" You 've been through much , " Gunnar said .
tr	7	At this point , Gabriel 's lips twisted into a wry smile , and his green eyes searched the camera .
tr	9	I stormed up the stairs , down the hallway , up more stairs , and burst into Jolie 's kitchen .
tr	11	Kali frowned and struggled to make sense of it .
tr	6	" Sorry , guys ; pushed off too hard . "
tr	7	Each time the larger Lizard screamed and scattered sand with its feet and shook its head side to side .
tr	7	There was more shushing from nearby blankets , but the crew paid no attention .
tr	9	" Angela , they won 't be in the middle of nowhere .
tr	5	And besides , now 's a good time .
tr	8	I escaped and rode off west ... Now I 'm on the Hangman 's List .
tr	6	Still laughing and repeating , " I 'm so sorry . "
tr	9	as she jumped over the table and made a run at me .
tr	6	A tortured squeal of brakes rose unexpectedly from the left .
tr	7	" Not everyone has seen a dragon , much less found themselves on nearly as friendly terms .
tr	8	Neil pointed at a flat stone in front of the mysterious circle .
tr	10	Her mouth was dry and her back ached from sleeping on the pull-down bed .
tr	6	We 'd never tell our brothers . "
tr	9	He keeps a couple of zoologists on staff too .
tr	6	She checked and of course it didn 't work .
tr	6	The Doctor went on , quietly and reflectively , ' But his injuries .
tr	10	He reached behind and pulled the shaft through then threw it across the cave .
tr	5	Or something , I don 't know .
tr	9	My stomach churned as I looked down through the falling snow .
tr	7	Her mind full of profound thoughts , Claire stood and let the view sink in .
tr	10	" And I guess you make a nice living doing it , don 't you ? "
tr	9	Just be glad your yip is throwing .
tr	8	He took them to one of his ' labs ' to have some fun .
tr	11	He 's been dead at least two hours coz rigor has set in already . "
tr	6	Chapter Two An hour later , Kylie walked down the stairs with her backpack and purse over her shoulder .
tr	6	Thirteen Malcolm whispered in my ear .
tr	10	Daniel remained hidden until they disappeared into the undergrowth .
tr	10	They had not meant for her to be chained , but they had never lifted a finger for him .
tr	9	" If England was bombed too -- " David said , waving his hand in the air .
tr	8	The college students brought a sense of optimism , enthusiasm , and cockiness .
tr	10	" This fort would be really cool if it had a roof , " Missy said as she unwrapped her sandwich .
tr	9	The rest moved back to the small living area adjacent to the control room .
tr	6	Flaherty keyed his comm , " Platoon Commanders up . "
tr	10	Connor felt like Lena could see right through him .
tr	9	It seems the tragedies will never cease , and Princess Zelda cannot help but feel partially responsible .
tr	10	He noticed they weren 't staring at him .
tr	10	He ran for all he was worth .
tr	5	And , in this case , nothing less than perfection would do .
tr	5	Instead , I study his hat .
tr	10	I thought it might be safer with me . "
tr	5	" I have a girlfriend . "
tr	10	That it came from Anna 's big butt ? "
tr	10	Fletcher : a man whose very actions had sentenced himself to death .
tr	7	I expected the smell of cinnamon and ginger because Marie always baked .
tr	9	Stop going on about it , would you ? "
tr	6	He looked over his shoulder toward the pasture .
tr	10	She indicated the group of three men waiting outside the barn .
tr	7	He 's -- " " Dead !
tr	7	" Do you have any brothers or sisters , Finn ? "
tr	7	' We meet again , half-breed , ' he said calmly .
tr	10	The sun was high when she topped a rise and saw below her two buildings .
tr	10	They checked the trail that led up the hill but there were no others about .
tr	6	Bruce leaves out the back exit , no longer the Student Body President .
tr	11	They 're saying they 've never seen a mujer so beautiful .
tr	9	asked George his breath curling away into the night .
tr	8	He scrubbed himself , washing Oksana 's scent from his body .
tr	9	" I come from a long line of assassins , going back hundreds of years . "
tr	6	Chapter Six The restaurant was simple , but the food was surprisingly good and fresh .
tr	8	As Rick ripped the cloth into strips , he asked Alex to find some water .
tr	8	He cracked the top and took a long pull , draining it half-empty .
tr	7	" Will it work ? "
tr	9	Aria quivers from the flood of memories and the power of their combined energy .
tr	9	The church doors remained unlocked most times , but Brazen was the only person there at such an early hour .
tr	7	I buy a car and find a life and go forward like that until something changes .
tr	10	" You might well be right , " said the Commander " leave it to me to sort .
tr	8	" Which way , do you think ? "
tr	9	He kept his eyes on the road , glancing up to the rearview mirror occasionally .
tr	5	Seconds later , there was a faint click .
tr	9	' Do you understand any of this stuff ? '
tr	5	The Khan hadn 't accepted .
tr	9	" You may , when lessons are finished , " Mana replied .
tr	10	" I am sworn to protect another , I cannot be King . "
tr	10	It didn 't look like anything could have survived .
tr	9	He kept the weapon trained on Ali 's head .
tr	9	" And what , " the Prince paused and cleared his throat before continuing .
tr	6	Bron shifted on his mount .
tr	8	They were dressed for the outing , boots , parkas , thick winter gloves .
tr	9	How unfortunate , probably too blessed with money to even spend it all in one lifetime .
tr	9	The first flakes were tumbling down from the leaden sky now coming quicker and heavier .
tr	10	Tarleton leaned forwards , resting his arms on his knees , facing the Department Head .
tr	9	What I want to say .
tr	8	Hailey knew the Black Widow Spider kept few friends .
tr	8	Drake was growing tired of my persistent questioning .
tr	7	The temperatures hovered around zero and the light snow opened up into a full blown blizzard .
tr	6	He blocks her exit towards the wishing well , along the tan sand .
tr	11	Without having to go to the bathroom .
tr	9	We move through the woods , skipping over roots and shuttling up and down embankments .
tr	6	Gabe looks up at me .
tr	11	Rylan peered around him and knew they were done running .
tr	7	There are many terrific tourist sites in Paris .
tr	10	" He asked me to be a part of his Spy Games .
tr	6	" I like mine , " Susan said and Mom gave her a look .
tr	7	" We 're working the areas now , Dr. Warner , " Dr. Stadler replied .
tr	8	When it came to computers , the wacky scientist was like a skilled craftsman .
tr	6	Anyway , he was now thoroughly hungry and the cupboards were bare .
tr	8	" No time to tend our wounds , nor wounded pride , " Mal whispered at Percival 's ear .
tr	10	I estimate that three flights a month per shuttle are possible within twelve months .
tr	9	The click of the door opening made her pull the comforter up to her chin .
tr	9	I 'm so glad I 'm not the only one .
tr	11	I hesitated at first not sure of what to do .
tr	6	I had no excuse now , the center well sat there ice cold .
tr	9	He set the papers down , sat on the edge of the desk , and looked up at her .
tr	8	Sampson began grabbing soldiers at random as they passed .
tr	6	" They just vanished , no fancy lights , no countdown ?
tr	10	He may find something we can use . "
tr	8	I said firm , seating straight up , pointing to the door .
tr	8	" This file is probably missing most of the data .
tr	10	As he warmed , the man started to have some movements in his body .
tr	9	Are they dead voices calling ?
tr	11	Maybe he did know what he was talking about .
tr	10	How about when we return home ?
tr	8	Could he make a lunge for it and retrieve the pistol before Mr. Hoover attacked ?
tr	11	" Do you think I 'm attractive ? "
tr	7	The bread and cheese were excellent , the lamb rich with onions and spices in a recipe new to me .
tr	7	Gabe 's voice wavers , but he catches himself , picks it back up .
tr	6	Curses flew all around , but we paid them no heed .
tr	10	Just something to get you thinking . "
tr	11	He didn 't even flinch when Parson Lucifer spun around and shot him twice in the chest .
tr	5	" You are a temptress . "
tr	8	At other times , he 'd sit me down in a chair and draw my features over and over again .
tr	8	" Time to go . "
tr	11	Are you ready to see reason ? "
tr	5	" Of course not , come along . "
tr	6	" I kind of liked Helen Hopkins , " I said at last , very carefully .
tr	9	The flowers overhead were brilliant shades of purple and yellow as the sunlight streamed in from above .
tr	11	Adele 's eyes rested , in their softly unfocused way , upon the man that stood before her .
tr	10	In the distance several objects can be seen moving closer and closer at high speed .
tr	11	" For posterity , " he declared as he snapped a picture of Jack 's happy slouch .
tr	8	The boy -- his name was Billy -- was a teenager and clearly scared out of his mind .
tr	6	" Tola these creatures are not human , " Shade observed .
tr	9	It was midmorning and the sky had darkened and let loose with a gentle , insistent rain .
tr	9	Like when your dad eats your last piece of Halloween candy .
tr	10	Eventually I came up under the overgrowth on the bank and was able to hide there .
tr	7	Christy was now excited for some strange reason .
tr	5	No , like a karate blow : swift , precise , and deadly .
tr	10	" Nice car , kid , " the officer said stepping up to the passenger side of the Audi .
tr	9	Tim 's father started to leave then stopped .
tr	10	The thought didn 't make her soul sing as it usually did .
tr	8	" Alright then , let 's hear it , " he concedes , crossing his arms and concentrating .
tr	10	She looked up and the Prince felt the big man 's head shift so they could exchange a glance .
tr	11	Shout when you want the forward cargo unit separated from the craft .
tr	9	I 've gone there climbing a bunch with my dad .
tr	7	I am too mad at you . "
tr	5	" So you 're poor , huh ? "
tr	8	Those unfair treaties led to further and more costly conflicts .
tr	10	' I think she took something from Anna 's office . '
tr	5	" No , no , " the two parents shook their heads .
tr	7	Walking to the bow , a man busy with ropes looked at her with interest .
tr	10	" They 're Earth Daemons , summoned with the essence of earth , which is primarily rock .
tr	10	I do as instructed and look into his gorgeous eyes .
tr	9	The bank was one building in town that Ted had stayed away from .
tr	6	Then again , he knew , so did the captain .
tr	9	I wasn 't allowed to go everywhere .
tr	6	She still had all their baby clothes , the tiny onesies , the bibs and socks and adorable little shoes .
tr	8	" Let 's get out of here . "
tr	9	" I 'll be disappointed if you don 't . "
tr	6	You 're a scary kinda person , too , " Link said as respectfully as possible .
tr	8	* * * Back from his shift Danny watched Calvin stirring stew , both lads unaware of Katherine 's drama .
tr	9	" You 're happy he 's this way !
tr	8	It flew off its hinges and hit the other side of the hall .
tr	10	But it would seem that it goes beyond that .
tr	8	He knew she was coming .
tr	11	" I could kill you where you stand if I wished .
tr	7	Without wasting a second , the Prince took the opportunity to search for the second Watchman .
tr	10	Hopefully you have grown up a little since they let you out of the Air Force . "
tr	8	Frank looked to the damage control option on the central monitor and breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	8	" Yeah , I can make that happen , " Jack began dubiously .
tr	10	She didn 't seem to have believed him .
tr	11	Certain things are not quite what they seem to be . '
tr	6	" Captain George Collins United Stated Coast Guard and this is my wife , Constance .
tr	10	He was going to keep things civil .
tr	10	After a week of gambling and drinking , Vegas was getting old and it was time to move on .
tr	9	He looked left and right , but his brother was nowhere to be found .
tr	10	That 's why you have been gathered here .
tr	11	Raven called for her when she was about to leave .
tr	9	I put in requisitions for things like rods , pistons , bearings , and valves but have gotten nowhere .
tr	8	If he 's putting an armada together , I haven 't seen it . "
tr	9	I think you should stay the whole time . "
tr	9	That definitely would 've made me look guilty .
tr	10	Ms. Cane stood by the door and counted the kids that entered the school .
tr	11	She paused , wondering how to broach the next subject .
tr	7	" Give me my children now , ' Lord ' Harald . "
tr	8	She pursed her lips , her eyes rolling up in recollection .
tr	8	The white stone began to glow and waver around the edges until it became a rosy pink .
tr	9	We 're about thirty minutes away if traffic works in our favor .
tr	10	She picked up the typing machine and looked at it , turning it this way and that .
tr	5	" No , no , I don 't drink . "
tr	9	They were given no leave to appeal .
tr	6	Taylor looked at him with a sour smile .
tr	9	Then the rings began to reflect the light all over their hands and fingers .
tr	10	I trust we won 't be in your way . "
tr	5	" Right , right , You 're quite right , sir .
tr	9	Your men are surrounded , as are you .
tr	9	I just hope I can keep my breakfast down . "
tr	6	' You crossed some way back , but on these moors the border is not marked . '
tr	8	His hands began to tingle and his stride became slightly erratic .
tr	8	It allows me free access to much of the palace .
tr	7	One of his employees left suddenly and he needed a quick replacement .
tr	10	The light is beginning to change color , and this is funny .
tr	6	We 've got these nice , dark tinted windows .
tr	6	He talked about his lovely sister so often .
tr	8	She 'd been gone for over five years .
tr	6	Christy almost yelled in his ear from the excitement .
tr	7	said Maggie on the radio .
tr	8	The foundation covered a hundred metres in diameter and dropped 40 metres below ground level .
tr	7	" I don 't like this , " Cordelia said from just over Bax 's shoulder .
tr	7	" No , as long as he can keep it a secret . "
tr	11	He hands me a bottle of water , and I didn 't know I was thirsty , but I am .
tr	5	What did you do ? "
tr	8	And Nathaniel , aside from a fluke , that tradition you 're lauding makes you worthless . "
tr	7	Even some minor client grossing less than ten grand a year would have ensured his punctuality .
tr	6	Under her direction , we moved deeper inside the island .
tr	6	Derek and Cisco became friends on that journey .
tr	11	There was nothing she needed to say .
tr	9	" You 're damn right it was your fault ! "
tr	7	Bye Sarah , " Tori said quickly , grabbed her notebook and ran out of the room .
tr	9	" I don 't trust myself being around him right now . "
tr	7	Navigator will come back and give you a hand . "
tr	11	I don 't know how Dick feels about that , he might not even know .
tr	7	From the looks of it , all of them .
tr	10	As soon as he could get out of bed , he was running every morning .
tr	11	He saw Mama 's dangling tail and head sticking out the opposite sides of the Cat 's mouth .
tr	9	Most of all , what about my legs ? "
tr	10	" Please , stop , " she chuckles , unwinding in the presence of her trusted guard .
tr	9	" Andy , run as you never have before ! "
tr	9	" I 've been thinking about all that money , " he began .
tr	8	And I 've saved the best for last .
tr	7	Along the side of the building to his left , stood rows of steel shelves .
tr	9	He flicked his eyes towards the many fencers practicing behind us .
tr	10	Flaherty shook his head to clear it and felt himself being hauled roughly to his feet .
tr	8	Even before he yelled , she had felt the wire touching her shin .
tr	11	" It will be great to get into that school .
tr	8	Even though he was as mad as a wet cat , Atticus couldn 't help but laugh .
tr	11	Finch and Todd had received training during their stint at the Service 's Academy on paranormal threats .
tr	6	" Grow up already , Cody , will ya ? "
tr	10	Try to eat before you retire .
tr	8	The computers would do the rest for takeoff .
tr	7	His use of the word ' us ' did not escape Destro .
tr	8	There 's a whole world of parenting out there I was oblivious too .
tr	7	' Look , ' I said , ' this isn 't a horse racing kind of pub .
tr	8	" Dr. Cook decided to make angels . "
tr	10	With that she skipped out of the room and started to noisily rummage around all over the house .
tr	7	They whimpered and squeaked at her feet and she nudged them back into their nest .
tr	5	" Yes , yes , of course .
tr	7	They had only gone on vacation .
tr	8	Funny how that worked , he thought .
tr	11	He 's out there now because you dared him to do it !
tr	9	" Yes , " answered Brazen , " but the invading force only wanted to attack us .
tr	11	It was usual behavior for sales staff in a busy store in Japan .
tr	7	Footsteps pounded the stairs behind me .
tr	6	Three keys on a key ring : two regular door keys , and a smaller , intricate silver key .
tr	10	Tori took the object without looking at it and put it in her pocket .
tr	7	Jake 's big white yacht appeared through the tree line , cruising gracefully up the river .
tr	9	It took twenty minutes to walk to school .
tr	6	The sea giveth and the sea taketh , right ?
tr	6	From the prisoner 's memories , I recognized them as the " Brutal Annihilation Squad . "
tr	7	The driver finally slowed the car to a stop and got out .
tr	6	The pair of them perished in the same boating accident in ' 80 . "
tr	8	Red Talon chose Wounded Eagle , a brave of thirty-five winters and a skilled tracker .
tr	8	Of the two , Cobble was short and round while Thatch was tall and skinny .
tr	5	" The family heir , Henry , disappeared a few years later .
tr	5	" And now , Mr. Cross , Skill Four , " the Vandy chirped .
tr	11	I 'm not even really sure what we need to do . "
tr	9	He scribbled a name and address on the label and stuffed it into the pouch on the front of the envelope .
tr	5	Yes she was , she was both touched and excited . "
tr	8	Men are all straight lines and sharp angles , always trying to bind curves into their own way .
tr	6	Bruno let out a soft whistle under his breath .
tr	10	Stop trying to make this dramatic .
tr	10	Shouting wordlessly , I raised my revolver and shot several times , too excited to aim properly .
tr	7	He gave them a wink , turned toward the still opened door , and walked out with another heavy sigh .
tr	10	When peace was finally made it was decided that a marriage alliance should take place , bringing us closer together .
tr	11	" I 've said I know you are .
tr	8	There was a work station ahead of me but there were military men everywhere and then I saw General Tani .
tr	10	" You said Bob Simpson , not Industrial Products , hired the two of you ? "
tr	11	He knew he was stronger as soon as he woke .
tr	11	They were written in figures she cannot decipher .
tr	10	This was one of the first containment pens to be set up .
tr	9	It was obvious she was nervous .
tr	9	He did not know , but wanted to find out .
tr	9	" Not something I wanted to know about , kid ... here we go ! "
tr	10	Ryan said that your maximum liftoff thrust should not be more than 66 percent .
tr	7	He took it in both hands and stuck the point into the slimy bank .
tr	9	Her arms and legs were strapped to the bed and she was attached to a life monitor and an IV stand .
tr	7	I have a part of me not ok . "
tr	11	Warrior , now released , quickly dives through the event horizon , which collapses behind her .
tr	8	Pick her up and let 's get moving . "
tr	7	She leaned over and patted Sarah 's hand .
tr	7	" It 'll take it , " the author said , " The Gremlin is too funny to destroy . "
tr	7	He turned to Parnell and looked him straight in the eye .
tr	10	She had to stop doubting him .
tr	7	' Who 's this -- Lacroix ? '
tr	7	Even as I watched she stumbled , catching herself .
tr	7	After a moment , Chris felt his stomach settle and stood .
tr	5	" Come on , " Lonnie begged .
tr	10	He was just in time to catch his companion 's blade in his chest .
tr	5	' But Fresh , well , he 's not a. . .
tr	10	Nor was he one for turning a blind eye to someone in need .
tr	6	He sucked and held his breath as the air burst into flame all around him .
tr	8	It opened onto a small courtyard where several monks sat reading .
tr	9	It was fortunate that they lacked hunting dogs , or we 'd been caught for sure .
tr	8	" I cannot seem to stop ! "
tr	7	After a minute the girls started to chat .
tr	7	There 's actually some debate about that .
tr	8	He noticed Harold glaring at him with his one good eye and stopped , his smile vanishing .
tr	6	In the opposite direction , behind Andrei 's shop , the unremitting forest extended unceasingly to the west .
tr	10	Come on Dan we 're still friends ! "
tr	11	-- She asked as she didn 't see a plate for him .
tr	9	By God , she was going to make him bread today !
tr	6	Until we find another house nearby , of course . "
tr	10	He held up the fingers he had ticked off .
tr	6	" We lost our light , " Neil interrupted her .
tr	7	They were insignificant as well .
tr	11	I wheezed , trying to draw in air .
tr	9	I need to speak to the minister . "
tr	11	After securing a small lunch from a nearby vendor , I walked along , avoiding all contact with those that remained .
tr	11	I 'm telling you they keep surprising me every day . "
tr	8	" Simon , helping you gives me more pleasure than you can imagine . "
tr	8	he said , looking back at the watch captain .
tr	8	Strangely enough , this thought occupied my mind for the remainder of the flight .
tr	5	Haven 't you noticed the little glow-in-the-dark reflector arrows ? "
tr	9	asked the one while the other covered him from a safe distance .
tr	11	So far they hadn 't made the same dent Little Spirit had in Britain .
tr	7	They gathered all the guns , ammunition , food , water , clothing , and supplies they could .
tr	9	Taylor needed a moment to regain his bearings .
tr	8	All that tickled her neck was the floral scarf tied tightly round Ruth 's head .
tr	8	Llama and Aries quickly went through the room while the others continued forward .
tr	11	' Well thank you kindly son , oh , and you wouldn 't do me a favour would you ?
tr	7	" Let her go Fuchs . "
tr	8	I shifted my body out of the light and muttered in a sleepy tone , " Go away sun . "
tr	10	I hated it when I can 't get under his skin .
tr	6	Thoughts not her own seamlessly merge into ideas and agendas .
tr	7	That Carlos is a wimp , he won 't be giving us any more trouble .
tr	10	forgetting that he was the only one not able to understand .
tr	6	The Rebs have killed me . "
tr	11	I could see very easy the blue beautiful see from my balcony .
tr	6	The three of them captured the ropes and tied them off .
tr	5	You , my dear , are totally wasted . "
tr	5	His dark hair , dark eyes , height , and olive skin resembled Marie .
tr	10	" You plan to commit us to war with an alien species and you have zero military experience . "
tr	8	It did have that kind of weight . "
tr	11	I became a street kid sleeping in alleys and begging for food -- you know , normal childhood stuff .
tr	11	They yelled that last year , but I was in the tree on the other side of the road .
tr	10	Beppe also looked forward to spending more time with his wife and young children .
tr	11	' I never got to tell how much I -- ' Her voice trailed into silence .
tr	7	" Hey , Dad lives with me , with us , " he asserted with a smile .
tr	6	The Prince twisted his head violently , and to his surprise the gag slipped .
tr	9	" We 'll meet tomorrow at midday , " Leah said abruptly , " at the Bricks . "
tr	5	With a nod , Ted prodded Bob and they headed out the door .
tr	11	I didn 't feel like explaining anymore than I had .
tr	7	' That 's okay , ' John said , ' they 're your tapes now .
tr	10	A self made billionaire " replied Beppe " Why does he need protection ? "
tr	9	Her is expression is shocked .
tr	10	He was sure that the envelopes had money in them .
tr	11	Neil opened his mouth to ask her about this phenomenon , but Riki forestalled him with a hand on his sleeve .
tr	8	I have to do this .
tr	10	When they reached the beach Claire felt like she 'd arrived on the moon .
tr	11	She must do what she needed to do .
tr	9	More snow swirled around , masking the terrible scene from Tarleton 's eyes .
tr	7	They don 't say anything , but I know those identical expressions .
tr	8	As he ran out of the room , Zinger propped his massive body up again and started using the computer .
tr	10	" I thought mama would never go to bed ! "
tr	11	It was just the text I had been hoping for .
tr	6	She looked around the room with a troubled expression .
tr	7	I 'm afraid , Pastor , this skeleton is from a later time period , " she affirmed .
tr	9	Natalie began to experience problems at work .
tr	6	He paused for a moment .
tr	8	It all starts to make perfect sense now , as impossible as that seems .
tr	7	Elaina watched him from the hill as long as she could .
tr	7	Blood is more important than form . "
tr	9	Having forced her joints to actuate , the pain fades .
tr	8	I was knocked back in the fight , and I lost my gun .
tr	9	So I get some studying time in , yes . "
tr	5	I know , I know ... pure genius .
tr	5	Suddenly the door opened , a middle aged lady stood there .
tr	7	" There , he 's gone , I think .
tr	10	" Well it 's working , " he sighs , slowly spinning three hundred sixty degrees as he continues forward .
tr	5	" Leah - " " Lucien , " I cut him off .
tr	9	The man didn 't look from the sport on the black and white TV .
tr	10	Now in my dream , I understood exactly what he was talking about : the Death Road bus accident .
tr	9	Jason and his crew look up at the screen , terror filling their eyes .
tr	10	For a moment they sat in silence , and Adele could see a terrible guilt in Rafe 's face .
tr	11	His eighteen yard kilt swayed as he strode across the room giving Jennie a Christmas kiss .
tr	6	ELECTRIC ELIZABETH : A Novel by Vincent C. Martinez Copyright © 2014 Vincent C. Martinez .
tr	6	' It 's bad , ' said the immortal with a firm nod .
tr	8	" He even looks a bit like me , " Michael thought to himself .
tr	8	We were almost at the top when the voice barked an abrupt ' Stop ! '
tr	8	" Johnny , we might be strong and fast but we can 't fight sixty peasants with pitchforks .
tr	11	They gon na be okay in there ? "
tr	10	He found himself left with only memories , but eventually even those started to fade away .
tr	10	Donovan was lying in one of the empty stalls , hay piled around him .
tr	7	The new diesel engine of the crane roared to life , and the crate rose slowly out of the hold .
tr	10	She had to be sure about him .
tr	11	Instead she intended to use Fire and Air to melt stone .
tr	8	" Besides , we took care of them last time , didn 't we ? "
tr	6	Among the castle soldiers , a circle of hooded figures also protected the castle .
tr	5	My body tenses , my ears honing .
tr	9	Some were groups of ladies with Harry in the centre , obviously some club or other .
tr	8	" I thought you were gone !
tr	9	Another question dawned on her and she started to chuckle , her eyes filled with merriment as she asked .
tr	7	Joe was saying something now , but Ted couldn 't quite make it out .
tr	9	" More overwhelming than you ? "
tr	5	' Later on , later on , obviously , ' said the mayor .
tr	6	So we 're up two Ringers , one demon , and two regular people .
tr	8	You get your coins changed and things will feel more at home again , hmm ? "
tr	6	Once in the car , Dennis directed Tessie up highway 101 into San Francisco .
tr	7	" Makes sense I guess .
tr	8	Johnny stayed on his tail with Lonnie gripping the saddle horn and the horse 's mane .
tr	11	So why would they blame you for something you didn 't do ? "
tr	8	You have done a lot for us over the years .
tr	8	He had to check it .
tr	6	Spy Games ' clients pressed in on them .
tr	9	He was a nervous wreck , visibly shaking and wiping teary eyes and a runny nose .
tr	9	She had the decency to look ashamed .
tr	8	He was the pillar and he would be the pillar as always , her giant Papa .
tr	9	The leap of speed gained an advantage of a couple of metres .
tr	8	Nathan was surprised at the General 's openness .
tr	7	" We start the blackout in one hour - twenty minutes before our flight profiles separate . "
tr	6	It was so peaceful ; he enjoyed the moment .
tr	6	" It 's a computer , " he exclaimed .
tr	7	" Here , " said Ben nudging the bundles closer to Nina .
tr	9	called back Matthew without looking back .
tr	8	He used the tip of the lance and threw the covers back .
tr	6	The thick smell of freshly prepared food reminded him of his grandpa .
tr	8	It seemed he wore a size fourteen .
tr	7	On the other side of the road a black cab 's light went out .
tr	11	He found what he had been looking for and his eyes lit up .
tr	10	The company was making significant leaps every day and he 'd become confident in the abilities of his subordinate Officers .
tr	7	" Mother knows of it , " said the first man .
tr	5	Until , one day , just around the corner , confrontation , violence , intimidation , possibly even death awaited us .
tr	8	They watched the land coming closer with every passing hour .
tr	11	That burning gaze seemed to consume her .
tr	10	" I thought your mind might be sleeping , " Aria replies softly .
tr	8	Call me Phillip , especially if we 're alone .
tr	9	At Mai 's command , he quickly sidesteps the following overhead strike , finding himself in an extremely advantageous position .
tr	10	" Are you going to arrest me ? "
tr	7	The men continued with the conversation and she listen still half-heartedly .
tr	9	One of the wisest men in the village , he thought .
tr	9	Ranged about it , seven black candles in golden candlesticks sent up oozing spirals of thick green smoke , disturbingly scented .
tr	8	The other man won of course -- I was too out of practice with the formal rules .
tr	8	The boat had state of the art , worldwide communication ability ... . .
tr	8	As it was , they fell with great bravery but little coordination at their main complex .
tr	10	They would use the energy from Earth to reach full capacity once at the surface .
tr	6	" Why don 't they open the door ? "
tr	8	All I can see is his butt . "
tr	9	A really impressive slab of industrial architecture out in the middle of the pancake flat Lincolnshire countryside .
tr	10	All they found was a land of barrows , barren , where only crows and deer lived .
tr	10	The underbrush was cleared in most places and was getting lighter the further they walked .
tr	11	I asked thinking he wouldn 't have an answer .
tr	7	Mark popped a couple more chicken tenders in his mouth , then finished his drink .
tr	8	Out of the corner of his eye he saw the form of Leah doing the same .
tr	7	Bowing , he took his leave of us .
tr	8	He inhaled deeply and wiped his hand across his face as if rubbing away the pain .
tr	6	" Yeah right , he will not hurt us .
tr	11	She knew what he was going to say .
tr	10	I looked down at the girl sitting in the back seat so forlorn .
tr	10	" You 'll be able to figure it out .
tr	5	Quiet , no cars or birds , no electrical humming or planes overhead .
tr	8	It was an unlikely thought , but the strangers were unlikely in all their aspects .
tr	6	The Jackson Purchase as a geographic area was an anomaly .
tr	9	But it was obvious that something about the bombing had him upset .
tr	8	* The following morning dawned the same as all the others at this time of the year .
tr	5	All at once , all the cell phones ring , chirp , tinkle , buzz , sing and vibrate .
tr	11	I cried out to Samuel who pointed towards a tree .
tr	6	The body of a woman , her throat slit , her eyes wide and blue in death .
tr	8	There would be no reasoning with him .
tr	9	There were still portraits but she never bother on looking over them .
tr	9	I lean my cheek against the window while the blinking neon light of the motel sign washes over my eyes .
tr	6	" Actually , sir , I have one more question as well . "
tr	11	For eight days I was a captive in that dresser with no way of escape .
tr	7	After Charlie and his mates had gone Archie squatted down next to the jeweller .
tr	6	Any of them don 't pan out , throw 'em back .
tr	6	The bullet 's shock waves could have serious repercussions .
tr	10	No one had to ask what he meant .
tr	8	' Where the hell are you -- ' Reid shouted behind me .
tr	9	I told you that we would be friends .
tr	10	He seemed to spend most of the time sleeping .
tr	9	It could be that they had powerful medicine also .
tr	9	The words were out of the Prince 's mouth before he could stop them .
tr	7	" I have an excellent memory , fine numerical skills , and , er ... an excellent memory . "
tr	11	" Do you want to file a complaint ? "
tr	10	Everything seemed to be moving at half speed .
tr	8	' Calvin has to come back .
tr	11	He needed her bloody husband for his plan for torturing the bitch to work .
tr	8	She moved to end the call .
tr	5	" Lord Rafe , " corrected Rafe .
tr	9	Do you need something ? "
tr	9	Make sure they know that .
tr	8	Tears slip down my face as we head back .
tr	7	" Shouldn 't we address the elephant in the room ? "
tr	11	I recommend that you take some time to weigh the options .
tr	9	If you even think about it , I 'll ground you for life , " Rick vowed .
tr	6	Hello Daddy Bear said the fairy frog , that little girl with gold hair has stolen my wand .
tr	6	" Not like this , no you won 't , " she whispered .
tr	9	Through it all their father sat silent , chewing his food and gazing at the salt pot .
tr	5	But then there was his own erection and ejaculation thing , too .
tr	7	" I shall mourn in private .
tr	11	Not many , but if that was the only choice available he sometimes considered it .
tr	9	When he arrived home that afternoon , Chris saw his mother had already summoned extra help .
tr	6	" Best idea I 've heard all night ! "
tr	6	About three hours later , Angelique , Drew , and Dane faced each other at the American base .
tr	5	" Then keep her so . "
tr	7	The rolling hills serve well for ranching , the grassy earth surviving the drought thus far .
tr	8	I look up and see a boy in a ball cap .
tr	9	Blackie was the smallest and friendliest and always available for a nose rubbing .
tr	9	This was going to hurt badly .
tr	7	A scientist stands up and says , " Correct , but we 're missing the big picture . "
tr	7	Later in the day Jennings came out of the shop , entered the public phone booth and dialed .
tr	11	He ran as the dirt turned to mud , as the rain soaked his tunic .
tr	7	Ireland is full of strong women .
tr	7	He leaned against the wall and gazed at the ceiling .
tr	10	We were north of the usual route due to passing around a thunderstorm an hour or so earlier .
tr	9	I didn 't think it was a free ride home .
tr	8	VIN had had a girlfriend once , he told Jonesy while both men were quite drunk .
tr	11	It 'll take him at least a night to get through them , ' Calvin said .
tr	11	We will have to check every one of the soil samples too .
tr	7	And not of Assad blood , " he says again .
tr	9	" I trust you have a recommendation , " said Reggie with a smile .
tr	10	The whole family is being researched ... They have any number of obstacles facing them .
tr	11	The station appeared to be deserted , apart from one conductor who lounged on a bench under a dim lamp .
tr	9	The dreadful flower might have created using the ancient spell .
tr	7	he said , sitting down heavily .
tr	10	How to do any of that .
tr	11	They owned every book they could buy about the United States .
tr	5	" Despite your constant assurances otherwise ? "
tr	7	" Hey , I really had a great time down there , " she said , nodding down .
tr	10	You have a wife who loves you , children who adore you .
tr	9	The wind was calm but the temperatures had begun to fall .
tr	7	She threw one more spiked look at her erstwhile school companion and stomped from the room .
tr	9	She was supposed to marry Yanni .
tr	9	Now I remember why I never looked up to you ! "
tr	6	This time , Mike and the other Southerner , as well as Jeremy , stepped out of the car .
tr	7	" You know , the famous conservative radio talk show host ? "
tr	7	The wheels finally gripped the asphalt seconds before impact and the Skoda shot backwards .
tr	8	" What about you , Quang ? "
tr	7	The guard came out of his shack with his flashlight and shined it on Susan .
tr	9	The seventy or so miles to the east between this lake and the Cumberland River were an issue .
tr	10	Sneed 's house wasn 't where he thought it was .
tr	7	" What the hell are you doing in my room ? "
tr	8	" You absolutely stink , Kaylie , " he blurted , nearly destroying a building under construction .
tr	8	" Don 't worry , there more in the case , in the bottom pocket . "
tr	10	The three chickens were huddled on their perches eyeing her with malevolence , it seemed to her .
tr	10	I said , " Wait there 's a compression release . "
tr	10	Riki puffed , collapsing onto a step near Mana .
tr	11	Sebastian mentioned that event that wouldn 't have been a problem .
tr	11	" Sir , unless you wish to face me on this field , you will speak to me as an equal .
tr	5	Weston , during his watches off , was almost entirely silent .
tr	7	Are you a psychologist ? "
tr	6	The faint small light inside a dark golden room , further down below .
tr	10	I have power of attorney over mother 's affairs which includes her entire estate .
tr	8	" I think the gesture to be a gracious one .
tr	7	" Sir , that shit is World War Two tactics .
tr	9	He calmly walked towards the camera and paused as the crowd 's chant grew silent .
tr	10	The road had turned to slick mud and Sarah forbade John to even break into a trot .
tr	8	To him , she was so perfect , graceful as a young deer .
tr	7	I shouted , indicating the Jag .
tr	6	" Let 's pack this up , " said Mac 's friend from Passage .
tr	8	And I 'm in absolutely no danger at all ; I merely lost track of time .
tr	9	" You are certainly free to leave , " Lisa states stiffly .
tr	11	My mother and half-sister were the only two able to stand , but they were exhausted in caring for everyone .
tr	10	All she wanted to do was sleep .
tr	10	" We have nothing in orbit that can even scratch their paint . "
tr	10	He had enough fuel to go for a while .
tr	6	A rush of pure , unadulterated fury rushed to his head in a red wave .
tr	11	She whispers turning to head towards the door .
tr	11	He knew he 'd be suspect number one if they did .
tr	6	" The water flows and electricity comes out the other end .
tr	8	He turned and grinned , " One and the same , at your service . "
tr	8	Where the industrial might of civilization had reared so proudly , there was flame .
tr	9	Sye wanted , needed to ask .
tr	8	Only a dozen feet away from Mark , the grenade detonated - releasing a cloud of fire and molten metal .
tr	10	It is the only pass that winds through the region .
tr	6	They steered their horses back to the cottage .
tr	8	The big man grabbed the Prince by the arm and pulled the soldier 's notched sword out of his grip .
tr	7	' What took you so long ? '
tr	11	I concentrated on visualizing a pink wall of sound and she grinned .
tr	10	" You did what you had to do .
tr	6	eight guys , all armed , looks like automatic weapons ... .
tr	9	" We need to meet as soon as possible .
tr	8	As I stared at him , my dreaded imagination sprang to life .
tr	11	" Neither you nor they will have any reason to fear anymore , " she finished .
tr	8	Seconds later Warrior 's spawn strikes the outside of Venom 's hull and rips into the interior of the ship .
tr	11	" See what I have to work with ? "
tr	11	George often wondered if he wasn 't a relative of Hector 's but what the hell .
tr	8	She 'd be finishing school early and arriving next week .
tr	8	' Is he related to my father ? '
tr	8	He and his wife Janice were practically flying down the highway in their new horse-drawn buggy .
tr	8	" They leveled a patch this morning and dropped those big boxy numbers about an hour ago . "
tr	10	" Colonel Taylor , are you refusing to dial the number ? "
tr	7	She stood and opened the door , and Neil followed reluctantly .
tr	8	He had come to bed late and drunk .
tr	10	Put it down to female intuition she thought .
tr	5	' Here , kitty , ' I said self-consciously .
tr	6	Long dead volcanoes spit up their molten guts into the seas , spoiling and poisoning most of the water .
tr	8	Now you apologise to your Aunt or I will take the iPads back with me . "
tr	10	He nodded his gratitude to the masses , the crown bobbing on his head .
tr	6	Another of your school projects , I suppose , " her mother 's voice wafted up the stairs .
tr	8	Virgil , his feet propped up on the table , swirled a large glass of amber liquid under his nose .
tr	10	She said that it is located in England at Dublin . "
tr	8	" And does the agency employ many freelancers ? "
tr	10	Having sat in on some of the planning , he knew to expect some strange looking craft .
tr	9	They had witnessed so much about the lives of their family ancestors .
tr	9	A shocked gasp left her lips and the files fell out of her arms .
tr	10	If more dragons come out of the woods after us -- " She did not have to finish the sentence .
tr	8	Abruptly the Baron released the spells flow of outpouring destruction and carefully took inventory of his reserves .
tr	9	He plans to ambush us and take our lands ! "
tr	9	And now all that dwells above the Great Southern Wastelands lies open to their vomit . "
tr	11	It would be wrong to hold them back , better to let them grow up .
tr	6	" Hey , you 're right , Jimbo , it is a kid .
tr	8	" My dad is gone to Prince George , remember ?
tr	9	He was socially awkward , veered towards the negative , and struggled to develop friendships .
tr	8	" She wanted to know , " Gabe shrugs .
tr	9	Destro closed his eyes for a moment and forced himself to be calm .
tr	8	Without another word Stinky walked across Hailey 's back , over to the planter and up its side wall .
tr	6	" You know , sundry hypocrisy that many people often practice because of sheer foolishness is not dangerous .
tr	11	Danny having listened to Raphael 's tuition knew better than to apologise .
tr	8	* * * ' Very good , ' Austin said joining the band back at the table .
tr	9	" You 're going to be okay here ? "
tr	6	The scientists exchanged glances , but then the oldest man nodded and smiled .
tr	8	His kind of talking probably meant torture of some kind .
tr	8	His blow landed squarely on the dragon 's chin , knocking its head to the side .
tr	6	The wrong word , the wrong thought , the wrong action and this would all be over .
tr	10	The man was leaning back against the boat , his shirt and one boot burnt off .
tr	9	Jacob continued to heal and eventually dispensed with the cane for his daily constitutional .
tr	10	He was going over numbers with a much younger copilot , about fuel usage on a long flight .
tr	9	Free to live where they like .
tr	7	Ainsworth placed a hand on Ward 's shoulder , halting him .
tr	9	David looked at the picture in his hands , then back at the man beyond the elevator .
tr	10	Victoria vowed to never let Alfred near Toby again .
tr	7	Jolie shoved me off of him , and I landed on the cobblestones .
tr	5	" Good morning Princess , " he said cheerfully .
tr	7	' It sounds like a big enough reason to me , ' said Reid .
tr	8	" We 've only walked like a few hundred yards , " Anna teased .
tr	9	Something to work on , he thought .
tr	10	What marvellous audio delights do you have to share with the nation ? "
tr	5	" Did the chipmunk gnaw off her big toe or something last night ? "
tr	9	You have to get out of here !
tr	10	He dropped to the ground and began to prepare his mind for meditation .
tr	8	He stood frozen in the shadows of some trees when he saw it again .
tr	7	He held it in shaking hands , pointed at the stranger .
tr	8	' We 're a rock band with a rock album , rock single and rock video .
tr	10	There was also the mud and sweat stains from the journey he could barely remember .
tr	11	It was just chiming the first of the four notes it always rang on the quarter hour .
tr	8	He slipped the point of the weapon against the exposed neck of the footman .
tr	7	Monique settled into the chair on the left , crossed her legs , and hiked up her dress .
tr	10	Dexter knew better than to disagree with me .
tr	10	" I don 't want to think about it .
tr	6	" The voice continuously taunted him without end , even in his sleep .
tr	9	I thought that might be you .
tr	5	And Mad Dog Stone , drifter , vagabond , good-for-nothing vagrant , challenged her .
tr	8	The heavy device made her stagger , but her curiosity got the better of her .
tr	10	She could hear his laugh following her all the way to her door .
tr	9	It sounded like a swarm of giant hornets had infested the ship .
tr	8	Even Paddy had double duty over the holiday not only being responsible for the Quartermaster Stores but also the armory .
tr	11	The company seems to be concerned about terrorist incursions but more the possibility of kidnap .
tr	7	Moment by moment , she dropped away as I watched .
tr	9	John thought it was more like propaganda .
tr	8	When the Commander and David arrived communications was manned by an SAS Captain and one trooper .
tr	8	It was equally well designed and exquisitely formed , if less grand in execution .
tr	7	When the promoter approached , Danny asked , ' How did we do ? '
tr	8	He dropped his sword and waited helplessly for me to rise .
tr	9	Cornelius curled around her ankles as she headed towards the patio doors .
tr	6	" No , dearest , " the older girl said with poise , beaming .
tr	8	He sketched in a couple of wedges .
tr	7	" What happened to them ? "
tr	11	" Is it something to do with my family ? "
tr	11	You 're too blind to recognize what she is .
tr	10	Connor suddenly felt like he was being played the fool .
tr	6	" Leave me alone . "
tr	9	She tried to smile , but had to force it .
tr	9	Blood sprayed out as the huge wing of the dragon was severed from its body .
tr	7	I stuffed my few belongings into my carpet bag , except for my sword and my necklace .
tr	7	" Those guards might follow us in any minute . "
tr	7	She didn 't look at me .
tr	6	Jack looked angry again , his earlier wistfulness only a memory .
tr	9	' I 'll get in touch when we land , ' he murmured .
tr	7	I heard music in the background -- probably something from the current top ten .
tr	10	She laid her fingers round the hilt of her sword .
tr	8	Someone will come up to you and take off your blindfold .
tr	7	Jolie and I were caught in a push and shove battle .
tr	9	The fog rolled in thick and heavy as two shadowed figures cut through the night .
tr	7	There was nothing as she expected .
tr	8	Once we reached the waterfall we decided to split up .
tr	7	" Get the weapon too , Shadow Eater , " said Anna as she entered the room with her two bodyguards .
tr	11	He hadn 't meant to verbalize his greatest belief and fear , but it was now out there .
tr	6	Her concerns now centered on his very survival .
tr	9	Do you have any comments ? "
tr	9	So , why would you want to do extra work ? "
tr	9	" He was from the same guild as the other two , " he commented .
tr	9	Do you love him ? "
tr	7	And then they would know for sure .
tr	11	Had to know if she was real .
tr	7	" It is enough for now . "
tr	8	The rope and a part of the ship 's railing were still tied around her .
tr	6	" Oh , yeah , I remember that , " Mike nodded .
tr	9	He searched the crowds , back and forth , until his eyes landed on me .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	6	My gaze shifted from her to the room beyond .
tr	5	Fortunately , he wasn 't quite that much a gentleman .
tr	5	" Well , you know , I 'm the next Julia Child . "
tr	8	Told us to drive safely .
tr	7	We will need soldiers like you .
tr	6	His soft lips were warm and inviting .
tr	6	Hey , this man wants you " I said and received no reply .
tr	10	Harold admitted running his hand through thinning hair .
tr	9	Tania started to slid towards Lea .
tr	9	" I hate to tell you buddy , but that ' black dirt ' was nothing but crap ! "
tr	8	I might just as well make the best of it .
tr	9	In fact , your brother had been receiving telegrams for months .
tr	11	" 48 , " she replied , hoping that it would be the right size .
tr	8	I gripped the sides of the table and stared him down .
tr	11	David simply began going through pockets looking for valuables .
tr	7	The room was filled with people .
tr	8	The wall to their left was broken up by a small café and elevators .
tr	10	Quickly he takes wing , his shadow darkening the sky for a moment before disappearing .
tr	6	... Yeah , course he said that .
tr	11	" And all we can do is keep doing what we have been .
tr	8	Now the flight officers in the stern of the small ship touched hands to their helmets as a signal came through .
tr	7	With her mind and heart full of happy memories , Claire shone a sparkling grin at Sky .
tr	7	I felt nauseated , his very voice an illness .
tr	6	" Is his wound very serious ? "
tr	10	I went straight to the chief 's hut to demand justice .
tr	8	A team of paramedics rushed onto the field as the ravenous crowd grew silent .
tr	10	They sent for torches , so that they could see down into the darkness .
tr	7	" It 's a beautiful country , the weather is mostly gorgeous and the locals friendly . "
tr	7	A middle-aged man walked across the car park towards her , pushing a wheel barrow .
tr	8	I haven 't been much of a dad lately .
tr	5	It was no different this time .
tr	8	" The Trojans are drawing power from anywhere they can . "
tr	7	" Beau , this new land of ours is worthy of our best service .
tr	9	Anthony raised an eyebrow and flicked his gaze around the spectacular building surrounding them .
tr	11	Do you know who I am ? "
tr	10	I 'm not taking any chances on you girls getting hurt , " Rick said .
tr	5	" Did anyone else win five events today ? "
tr	9	" No need to look so bad , " said Nathan , " it worked out , we 're okay . "
tr	10	Sleeping Beauty , Snow White : Both wait to be rescued by a handsome prince .
tr	9	His heart tore at having been rejected .
tr	8	" You feared for Adele 's safety , " reminded Rand .
tr	10	This chamber was on the third floor , and its ceiling was not so high as that of the hall .
tr	10	What if Mum decides she wants him ?
tr	11	Do you think he should ? "
tr	7	At Teddy 's command I just pressed my stop watch and then carried serenely on , but everyone else went ballistic .
tr	7	So stupid , such a pointless waste of a life . "
tr	6	" The tanks have infantry support , " Merkel announced .
tr	9	Maya opens her eyes and looks around at the incredible panoramic view of open space .
tr	10	You need to go to work .
tr	7	Will you be living out of the barn ?
tr	10	I probably should concentrate on steering around the rough water .
tr	8	What I loved the most about the mornings in that hotel was the coffee .
tr	11	You know them far better than anyone , so you 're the best person to make that decision .
tr	6	I feel sodden with it .
tr	11	After a couple of kilometres , John spoke ' you asked was it revenge ?
tr	10	You 're the guy I bumped into , in that library . "
tr	9	He slapped me on the back as he drew me into a bear hug .
tr	8	He could admit that to himself at least .
tr	11	You need to get this information to Amanda Carter in London .
tr	6	Just the mere thought of her lips , of her full bottom lip , turned my cock to granite .
tr	10	The column grew , no thicker than the trunk of a birch tree , she cast it high into the night .
tr	5	" Aw man , " Gabe says .
tr	8	He approached as near to the edge of the friendly perimeter as he dared .
tr	9	The governess continued to look at her .
tr	8	The girl tugged on her mother 's hand and pointed at Mason .
tr	5	" Princess Mana , I take it ? "
tr	8	Reid appeared around the corner of the house .
tr	5	" One day the lion , the wolf and the fox went out hunting together .
tr	10	Despite her respect for her old boss , she had no interest in providing backdoor assistance to the new VP .
tr	8	" Oh , so you want me to get out , right ? "
tr	10	She would be polite and tactful , that was certain ; Miriam could try to do the same .
tr	7	With a heavy sigh he lay back and cuddled his shoulders in his arms , and rolled onto his left side .
tr	7	" Couldn 't let the Yanks get all the tanks . "
tr	11	It was impossible , like trying to forget your name .
tr	7	With the other she clawed and hitched herself along .
tr	9	She could feel the low rumble of his chuckle even as she heard it .
tr	9	she asked while handing him a slip of paper .
tr	11	Do you have any thoughts on our military situation , Captain ? "
tr	7	" Hey , boy , you doing okay ? "
tr	10	" Seriously , all these ghosts do is sit around and think up riddles ?
tr	9	Victor stared at me , his eyes widening as understanding quickly dawned .
tr	5	Lilly Ann asked very seriously .
tr	10	" My goodness , you women are chameleons - able to transform yourselves at will .
tr	6	" We 'll explain everything .
tr	7	The men paused for a minute , for some reason , and Wolf Eyes stopped as well .
tr	9	Sofia felt the liking of her new found world .
tr	11	They walked along the corridor briefly before arriving at the door of Mike 's apartment .
tr	7	There , in the darkness of the corridor , I shivered .
tr	8	I 've never flown so fast and it all looks so slow from up here .
tr	8	After she sat beside him , he reached into his bag .
tr	8	He was getting tired and running out of breath .
tr	8	" The CIA has been one step ahead of us the whole time .
tr	9	It was always a bad day to open doors .
tr	6	" This is Jack , " she heard , in stereo .
tr	9	He jumped up and yelled for them to stop , but he couldn 't make any sound .
tr	6	" Any time now , he 'll leave us again .
tr	9	In an instant , Joe had his arms around Ted and the two went crashing to the ground .
tr	8	I thought all leaves were green ? "
tr	10	Need I ask you to leave a review ?
tr	7	My travels have been long and often lonely .
tr	10	As I pulled out my daggers ready to charge Nuru once again , but I felt a hand on my shoulder .
tr	8	" Hey guys , what 's up ? "
tr	7	My skin tingles , and my hands peel back and grow hot .
tr	10	The concentrated efforts to push the door open degenerated to frustrated rage .
tr	9	Different perceptions make for different experiences of reality -- possibly different universes . '
tr	6	" Please father I 'm innocent , " I screamed out loud with tears .
tr	6	" No , Mr. Birch , sir , I heard raised voices , and that was all . "
tr	6	" Five , four , three , two , one , " everybody counted .
tr	9	He decided to speak to them .
tr	11	My arms flapped at my sides as I tried to keep my balance .
tr	5	Josie gave the burnt stone body one more look .
tr	5	So hurry , my little Thracian warrior , my missionary , my hero , hurry . "
tr	9	He would kill her and the lad before breakfast and torch their miserable hut with their bodies inside !
tr	8	After exchanging a few keen words with Ward , the man complied despite his hunger .
tr	6	" Ah ta ta , we tried that already , and it got us nowhere . "
tr	8	I 'm in one of those moods again .
tr	8	And yet , as they approached she could feel something dark and terrible seeping like poison from a wound .
tr	9	No , I 'll act my part and advise Fuchs as the Minster of War .
tr	10	I should have predicted he 'd show .
tr	5	" Keep going , " Will instructed Harry , unnecessarily .
tr	6	When I too die , I will ask my son .
tr	10	John emerged from the darkened stairwell unarmed with his hands visible .
tr	9	Besides , I can take care of myself , " Lena stated proudly .
tr	10	The building 's made to look like a medieval castle , although it 's a relatively new construction .
tr	7	She squatted beside Neil and clasped her arms around her knees .
tr	9	Connor sensed fear in Billy 's eyes as he came closer with each step .
tr	5	No , after this morning , more like a big screw you , honey .
tr	8	Complex calculations race through his mind while he adjusts his flight vector .
tr	8	We all sit there in this awkward silence for a while .
tr	11	I don 't know , but what do I have to lose ? "
tr	8	" I wouldn 't really call C4 insurance , but whatever false sense of safety works best for you . "
tr	5	" Not today , though I am tempted .
tr	7	" Trust me , she 's an innocent in the whole thing . "
tr	7	" I 'm sorry , but we don 't have a choice . "
tr	10	You could presumably never die , ' Reid had argued with his customary logic when I told him this .
tr	7	Once over the dunes and onto the street , the light from overhead lamps brightened things considerably .
tr	11	Alvin didn 't tell them about what happened to Nina .
tr	10	-- Library Journal " Ahmed 's debut masterfully paints a world both bright and terrible . "
tr	9	Pierre would tell of his bravery on many occasions .
tr	11	Instead she decided to go up to her room for a good sulk .
tr	11	" We 're kind of young to be talking like this . "
tr	9	We need to keep up our guard and sentries , because they may seek revenge . "
tr	9	Carefully he took each feeder down , filling it with sunflower seeds and hung it back up .
tr	10	Watching the instruments around him , he could tell when they completed a full circle from the compass .
tr	6	" We 're not savages yet , " she said .
tr	7	Silently , I beg him to stay .
tr	8	" Don 't leave like that again , " Rift half demands , his voice tinged with emotion .
tr	10	" Now you are just being bad tempered , and that 's no way to please a man .
tr	6	she answered her father at the same time .
tr	9	Ricky helped Lex up as they heard the " Whoosh !
tr	7	I rushed to her , and clasped her in my arms . '
tr	10	Everyone laughed as he flicked another switch off and stuck the box in his jacket pocket .
tr	8	And what section of the necessary things in life is fuel a part of ? "
tr	5	" Stay focused , " he tells me .
tr	10	He hesitated , as if unsure whether to free her or go for help .
tr	11	I misjudged and hit hard enough that I was almost thrown out of the seat .
tr	10	" Nice home , " said Jennie , as they got out of the car stretching .
tr	7	You know the answer just as I do .
tr	11	" A place where not even king 's men will dare to tread ! "
tr	7	A huge mass of them stood between us and the main doors .
tr	8	In front of them and to their left the ground dropped down into a valley .
tr	6	He flipped the box upside down and revealed a small lock .
tr	11	At first , she hesitated , but she knew she could not leave him in this state .
tr	8	He then stepped back and held the cane high , up over his head .
tr	5	By all indications , she and the baby are both perfectly fine . "
tr	8	Now , sitting at his usual table , he was watching the television above the bar .
tr	10	" I didn 't know the mayor was so sensitive , " said Brazen .
tr	11	She quit struggling yet looked at me with the frightened stare of a wild animal .
tr	7	He had fair hair and a moustache , but his dimpled chin looked very familiar .
tr	8	He hesitates but then steps into the tram , his two heavily armed escorts following behind him .
tr	10	" Thank you for lending this to me , " he said , holding the dagger up in two hands .
tr	11	" In the name of your king I forgive you , though I do not think it be appropriate .
tr	7	' Look here , ' he says , and we do , and then we look again and are amazed . "
tr	8	It will then be just a short journey to my cabin . "
tr	8	" The winners get their choice for an hour of play . "
tr	6	Energy always flows and its properties or frequencies are always changing . "
tr	9	she spat , bringing her hand up and landing a forceful slap across his cheek .
tr	10	" We can take this guy if we have to . "
tr	6	Way to not be cool .
tr	8	Why be coy about it now ? '
tr	10	That is why he was full of understanding .
tr	10	Or so I hoped she was impressed .
tr	10	' We 've just seen you quaff half a bottle of JD . '
tr	6	The bus ride took time , then the crowded lifts took time , the coaching took time , everything took time .
tr	10	He couldn 't remember the last time someone had hugged him .
tr	9	John hung on the fence of the adjoining corral talking to the horses and feeding them carrots .
tr	10	They did need to talk .
tr	9	Mariposa recognized the new peril she and Hailey were in .
tr	10	Throwing back the lid reveals what he should have expected , another small , silver key .
tr	11	Jeff sighed , " OK , let me think how to explain this .
tr	7	Jack held his chin up and forced a defiant sneer onto his face .
tr	11	They 're written as stories and parables so modern man can relate them into his life .
tr	7	" Hang in there , Colonel , " Echo said .
tr	6	" I wouldn 't know , " Goodspeed said , smiling .
tr	10	There is another good reason for lingering in doorways , especially emergency exits .
tr	8	You know the drill -- they meet half way and then keep walking .
tr	7	Rick cautiously walked to it and opened a door on the side .
tr	7	Laughter and joy are my likes , but the spirits of War , Poverty , Pestilence and Insanity are my toys .
tr	7	CHAPTER 29 The Ship Elaina slid carefully up onto the dock , letting her wonderful boat dissipate .
tr	7	" But down there -- " She pointed at the window .
tr	8	The borders that your father negotiated previously are more than generous . "
tr	8	The other man nodded and went right to work .
tr	10	A pretty mother and her young son politely stopped to let him go ahead .
tr	6	He sat pensively and observed the scene below .
tr	7	Then again , the instructions on the colorful packaging had made it easy .
tr	5	" Fortunately , in this case the two aren 't exclusive .
tr	8	Two police cars sat blocking the exits at either end .
tr	11	Lacking other options , I nestled down to wait for dawn in a winding alleyway .
tr	11	" Well ... it was almost like he was runnin ' from the devil himself . "
tr	9	That was all Lynn needed to hear .
tr	6	The wagon 's a going south with or without you , just the same .
tr	6	These modern era humans had truly mastered unarmed combat .
tr	9	He had one last root onto which he was clinging .
tr	11	Although I had never been good at lying .
tr	6	" I did not ... " " Enough , Bron , the subject becomes tiresome . "
tr	10	It suggested something that might be affection .
tr	10	This is where he could cross the canal and jog down the other side .
tr	5	Are my friends all right ?
tr	9	He knew there was a way , he only needed someone to point him in the right direction .
tr	9	" I ... I don 't know what to say .
tr	10	Almost any kid can become productive if you can find the right buttons .
tr	6	The day my grandfather died , he called me to his bedside .
tr	8	Her lungs burned and her legs felt like water as she ran .
tr	8	" I think it 's hers .
tr	8	I could wreck this canoe and escape , but then I would be hunted .
tr	9	My father has met with many of those men .
tr	8	That picture is just yummy ... " " Gross !
tr	7	Then he went through the many pockets on the pilot 's flight suit .
tr	8	She said it was VERY important . "
tr	5	" How many airships do you really need ? "
tr	8	" Of course you do , " he chuckled as he strode forward .
tr	9	This e-book may not be resold or given away to other people .
tr	10	This is when the word monster first seizes in my mind -- a seed plugged into fertile agony to germinate later .
tr	11	It was only recently he 'd converted to power from sail .
tr	9	But Zero was no longer laid out upon the table among the other tinkered bits .
tr	10	She had hoped she could avoid this .
tr	6	" So we can 't get home . "
tr	6	His eyebrows pinch together and then relax .
tr	10	I slump against the bed , eyes closed , forcing my breathing to slow .
tr	9	The two girls glowed with pride as they hurried to the console .
tr	5	Now she had their attention .
tr	10	" I 'm sure some of them speak English . "
tr	7	The smoking weapon rested in Logan 's outstretched hand .
tr	7	He stopped directly after it -- - plan B was a bust .
tr	7	He took another deep drag and handed the remainder back to Parnell .
tr	7	" Humans can never match our grace , our power or our strength .
tr	8	Lilly Ann pulled a large handkerchief from under her dress and blew up a hurricane .
tr	10	Think you can pull this one out ? "
tr	11	It grew even more deafening until Simon thought that his eardrums would crack .
tr	8	He started crying after that .
tr	6	The other two were at the Hauptbahnhof yesterday . '
tr	5	" Oh , I 'm still very positive , kid .
tr	6	But Seth and I were too much alike , and in a way , we really were the same person .
tr	6	" Yea , it 's gross but it 's also a harsh fact .
tr	7	Jennie just sat contentedly watching the flames flicker .
tr	5	" Well , I ... " " Don 't bother !
tr	11	This vantage point almost made the town look as though it were still alive .
tr	11	" Do you have to work tonight ? "
tr	8	I asked my youngest , dipping my loaf into the peppery stew .
tr	9	He spread his hands again and dared to look up .
tr	7	Both men watched each other for a moment , sizing each other up .
tr	6	Her face broke into an appealing smile .
tr	5	In reply , he held up a large , rusted , iron key .
tr	10	" Are we still going forward with our other surprise attack given our recent setbacks ? "
tr	9	" Your cries will not be heard you vile creature .
tr	8	I had to call Mr. Bent . "
tr	11	I have said what I needed to say .
tr	11	You should have seen the show when Kevin and Gary got married , " he winked at Taylor .
tr	6	' All people are different , ' she began , ' but the various races have distinguishing characteristics .
tr	9	She knew it would be Roy .
tr	11	I smiled at the irony ; officers were the ones supposed to mother their men .
tr	5	But perfect things never last , and the best dreams always end .
tr	5	His wallet , identification , credit cards , and cash were still there .
tr	5	" My sister still uses that ?
tr	9	" Lady Adele , this is no place for women ; go back to the tent at once ! "
tr	9	It was about the size of a kid 's playhouse .
tr	11	" It would be my honor to serve you Empress , " Gwendolyn replies .
tr	10	" I told you the horse wasn 't stolen from your palace ! "
tr	8	Even as they attacked , one guard ran up the stairs , presumably to warn the king .
tr	11	He pulled the latch and pushed the door , which swung open easily on oiled hinges .
tr	7	He probably hadn 't eaten a proper meal in forever .
tr	11	Ethan worked right smack dab in the middle of the action .
tr	6	I hit the wood with a muffled clang .
tr	5	Is it these two men and not their master ?
tr	10	I said because I was one of those gamers .
tr	7	John scrambled to his feet and ran to Sarah .
tr	10	It will afford us an opportunity to rest and eat .
tr	5	" This map is totally interactive .
tr	10	And yes , I know that she 's been turning you down . "
tr	11	She wondered if she was brave enough to probe .
tr	9	" I just wan na sleep down here , " she said , grabbing the remote .
tr	9	There 's something going on here they want me to determine on my own .
tr	7	They were both tiring , seemingly evenly matched , and the sun was rising still higher .
tr	6	' Oh boy , ' muttered Reid , mirroring my own thoughts .
tr	7	The pilot pulls his throttle and shoves his control column to one side .
tr	5	" The bridge , I believe , " Kennedy replied mildly .
tr	6	Even as they watched , small white lights were winking off .
tr	6	" Guns aren 't people , " Gabe says .
tr	8	She took a deep breath and said , " Church serves all . "
tr	10	I knew he didn 't care about Spy Games .
tr	11	" I told you not to open the gate for anyone but me ! "
tr	7	Next she drew a woman with long flowing hair and the motorcycle came last .
tr	7	After a day in Leeds city centre the band headed back to the studio .
tr	8	" Rift , " he reveals after a bit of thought .
tr	7	Sensing its victory , the river wrapped its cold arms around her and sucked her down into its dark bosom .
tr	8	If they whine , tell them they can come try their luck whining at me . "
tr	8	Who has chickens for pets ?
tr	9	The two men sat silently for a moment enjoying the simple meal and hot coffee .
tr	6	Heat , then a wonderful numbing sensation , raced across the nerves just beneath her skin .
tr	9	Golden rays of light began to appear in the tender blue heavens .
tr	7	His voice echoed around the metal box as he spoke .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , with a million questions , it seems .
tr	6	" You deserved that , Eda . "
tr	10	Since she was often secured with her back to the boards it was easy enough to carry her to the wagon .
tr	7	Peeking around the pillar , he saw the man in the Cadillac signal to his driver .
tr	11	Rick chuckled as each girl squealed or screeched at the discovery of another parasite .
tr	5	" Here you are , Sir Horace , " I said .
tr	7	Scott and Steve exchanged glances before Scott smiled .
tr	11	He stepped back from the bed and watched as the two ladies coaxed the medicine down Finan 's throat .
tr	8	Decisions were being made without my consent .
tr	8	Her expression suddenly shifting to a sadder demeanor , she looks to the ground before continuing .
tr	6	She had blue eyes , a slim figure , and a beautiful warm smile on her face .
tr	6	Sometimes he did , and after the previous night , no doubt he needed his rest .
tr	9	I suppose it began with the knife .
tr	9	Giant Owl was the first to see it .
tr	6	" I 'm most certainly not , " Lord Quinn calmly responded .
tr	9	The sound of his voice seems to hang in space .
tr	11	Taylor did not care much for the tone in which the question was asked .
tr	8	Not just in FBI manpower , but in making sure the media didn 't become aware of the situation .
tr	7	Scott frowned in thought then took a chance .
tr	10	Mercia 's border is close , what if we should cross it by accident ? "
tr	5	the old doctor asked bluntly .
tr	6	He glanced over at Jennie .
tr	7	" She set the house on fire , " Gabe says and laughs suddenly .
tr	9	Landon talked of cities of a hundred thousand people or more -- a hundred thousand !
tr	11	They both recalled the writer 's famous phrase , although admittedly he had been talking about women .
tr	10	But I didn 't have time for any of those .
tr	6	Tears of frustration ran down her cheeks .
tr	11	It looks like we 've got a big day ahead of ourselves tomorrow .
tr	6	Easing open my stinging lids , the faintest sliver of light blurred my vision .
tr	11	It implied that we might see more of them .
tr	8	" I am in no mood for arguments ! "
tr	8	she shouted without looking up .
tr	8	He turned and ran into the darkness of the cave .
tr	5	" Bravo , Sparky , " the head said .
tr	6	Picking up the data pad , he queued up the audio file .
tr	9	She had been lucky to survive .
tr	10	" In the letter you told me to invest the money for you .
tr	6	Even if I still get turned into this freak .
tr	10	John on his chair had been placed in the middle of the large blue , plastic tarp .
tr	6	" Right , well La Senza 's just there , " he says , voice some somewhat gruff .
tr	9	No one wanted anything to do with a half-wit vagrant .
tr	7	" You are all like family to me .
tr	7	The odious conductor tapped a pencil against one leg and grinned .
tr	10	Jake smiled and turned to walk toward the boat .
tr	7	Simon looked at her , and his eyes widened .
tr	8	If we blithely exit the well sopping wet , we 're done for . "
tr	7	No one really ... ... ... certainly not his old army buddies .
tr	6	Chapter 2 : A Distraction The next night , I brought my A game to class .
tr	6	" How rude , boy !
tr	8	The same thought had crossed my mind after our client 's murder .
tr	7	Only the most important politicians , rich people and the mafia had such kind of cars .
tr	9	Walking the streets , the dwellers ignore the night and move about as if it were day .
tr	8	Kai described what he had heard .
tr	10	Your rock is 50,000 miles ahead of us and I 'm coming in at 12,000 faster than the asteroid .
tr	6	I felt my body lunge sideways toward him .
tr	6	" No , it 's a Christmas song , " said Duke .
tr	9	After your first casting , they may even wish to be your friend .
tr	6	Besides , the FBI will probably give us body vests . '
tr	6	Even those with grey beards were extremely energetic and handsome with quick pleasant and kind smiles .
tr	10	I reached out to grab the stem , trying to miss the thorns .
tr	10	Realizing his opportunity , the old man grunts briefly , slapping his wrists together with his palms facing the warlock .
tr	9	How was he to answer that question ?
tr	8	You think he frightened me ?
tr	9	fighting the desire to fall asleep .
tr	9	No Exiled in their right mind would let the Prince of Ravens into the lands of the Kindred .
tr	11	" But , I have a feeling that you 're hiding something from me . "
tr	8	Brazen took the money and deposited all but $ 500 into Noni 's savings account .
tr	6	Frank finished his beer , slid off the seat , shook my hand , and walked out the door .
tr	7	" I 've made many friends over my career .
tr	10	It could take days to reach the Upper Valley and we would still be behind this force .
tr	7	His mind wandered to the old man ; would he be senile , coherent , intelligent , wise , or clueless ?
tr	5	" Oh William , of course you 're right ! "
tr	11	The fuse trigger hadn 't been touched until the enemy tank drove over it .
tr	8	" You should come with us , " he continued .
tr	7	The plucking and gutting had been nearly as traumatic as the killing .
tr	7	We all started screaming and then the bushes started screaming , too .
tr	11	" William 's car will be in the NET parking lot in about 2 minutes , " declared Toby .
tr	11	Bethan shrugged and ran ahead to join the rest of the group .
tr	8	These men in exchange for the wedding present meant for the Spanish King ? "
tr	11	The white bubbling foam was being splattered all over them as the creature summoned for reinforcements .
tr	11	She found that pulling Eda after her through the pitch darkness was no easy thing and she stumbled .
tr	8	" I think we lost them .
tr	9	There were thick bruises around her neck and along her face , as well as poorly healed cuts on her scalp .
tr	10	" So what will he be learning with you ? "
tr	9	News spread of a Special Forces team that got flanked by Eden and his men .
tr	7	" Everything in our world vibrates in harmony , the trees , animals , people , even the rocks .
tr	9	' You 're immortals , aren 't you ? '
tr	7	I recalled the tears in the stranger 's eyes .
tr	7	" Do we understand each other , Major Taylor ? "
tr	10	This time , I 'll fight you without the benefit of bullet wounds , ' I retorted coolly .
tr	10	stop it stop it stop it . .
tr	6	' Some woman , your mother , ' Ding Dong observed to Johnnie with a grin .
tr	5	Faith is a wonderful thing .
tr	8	Fiona walked out of the stall carrying two empty tea mugs .
tr	10	The first thing I saw was this huge poster , which represented a death with her scythe .
tr	8	Michael and Ben would more often than not wonder around the city in " invisible " mode .
tr	9	She just laughed , though , and replanted them , but she never asked him to help again .
tr	7	" You will make Rafe a good wife , I think .
tr	9	I knew the answer even before she returned my gaze unflinchingly and nodded once .
tr	8	His voice is deep , uncompromising and has an authoritative threat behind it .
tr	8	" We think we 're ready .
tr	6	They served in Malaya together and Borneo .
tr	8	Rupert was a good friend of mine , and I will miss him . "
tr	6	Eventually , conjuring orbs and other simple spells will become second nature .
tr	8	Green and red lasers crisscross above the dancers heads and fog machines eject bursts of mist onto the crowd .
tr	9	She felt herself being dragged backwards .
tr	6	He had not , I realized , completely regained his human senses , no matter his shape .
tr	8	" But , there are still people like us -- I mean normal families and stuff .
tr	9	Inch by inch he rose until a slit between two wooden planks gave him a view .
tr	8	He pulled off the cardboard box to reveal a military looked ammunition box .
tr	7	Currently working in the film industry , Will works as a freelance cinematographer and gaffer .
tr	10	Intelligence had been certain that there were only miners inside and a small surface garrison .
tr	5	" Silence , 007 , " William roared .
tr	11	He knew there was nothing to say .
tr	6	" When a ship sinks , " she began , " Things float up , right ? "
tr	7	" I am still thinking at that part . "
tr	9	This guy ... umm Tsubasa ... he was angry I think . "
tr	10	The executor keeps the interest after a certain percentage is funneled back into it .
tr	8	David watched the scruffy little gypsy walk away .
tr	11	Anatole appeared ; blood was oozing from a nasty wound in the immortal 's right flank .
tr	9	But it shouldn 't be too hard to find .
tr	8	" I knew he was cheating !
tr	10	I must be pretty important to have an escort .
tr	10	Obviously something terrible had happened but exactly what was not readily apparent .
tr	9	" He 's back , " David said , frowning , as he looked over her shoulder .
tr	8	However , if you come with me , you all live .
tr	8	When Bradley finished with the assignment , he went to the teacher and gave her the piece of paper .
tr	7	Another stout and short person with a conical hat and long flowing beard stood nearby .
tr	10	she said , withdrawing her head a fraction of an inch .
tr	8	Naturally he wants something else , it just hurts to lose that dream .
tr	8	Sure 'n you know by now I can take care of meself .
tr	11	I told you it 's fine if we 're followed .
tr	8	Every night they would stroll on deck , enjoying the night air .
tr	10	Several troops took out locators and fastened them to body armor attached to their forearms .
tr	11	But if you like to start with the end , be my guest . "
tr	11	Tell me what I wan na know , " Tori said .
tr	8	" But have you talked with your grandmother about backpacking across the world yet ?
tr	7	" So that 's why , " he said softly , mostly to himself .
tr	7	The body always wanted life , even when the spirit did not .
tr	7	Alex took the new clothes behind the bush and handed them to Rick , and alerted him of their new friend .
tr	8	I settled down in the bed and stared blindly at the ceiling .
tr	9	Then I lost sight of the girl as a Town Service 1 bus pulled up outside the school .
tr	9	I sniff the air and receive a heavy bouquet of scents I cannot place .
tr	9	Alejo 's father motioned towards the chair , directly across the table from himself , with his chin .
tr	10	The only function it appears to serve is to separate the two societies further . '
tr	8	" If you didn 't shoot me , who did ? "
tr	5	" Much like myself , it is both snuggly and fashionable . "
tr	10	The Sergeant Major certainly had a reason for coming to him with such a request .
tr	7	He made first for Amy and greeted her by name and kisses to both cheeks .
tr	6	But that unworthy girl still denied the charge , " she huffed .
tr	7	Unlike our bodies , our souls could not regenerate after a death .
tr	10	This enabled them to have some light conversation as they walked .
tr	11	He paused to make sure that it was understood .
tr	7	I touch them and feel warm marble beneath my fingertips .
tr	7	The Border Forts are broken , the cities of the cliffs are burned to ash .
tr	7	The sun was on the still water and ducks flew in the distance .
tr	7	' She 's probably meeting with Godard . '
tr	7	White , black , tall , thin , fat ... She didn 't see their faces .
tr	9	The princess laid stoned seeing the look on the Old Wizard .
tr	6	" In a carriage too , one day , and perhaps even in the park up against a tree . "
tr	8	" Now , if we 've collected ourselves , shall we ? "
tr	8	I put my hand behind him to help her .
tr	5	" Wow , so , uhm , you guys always do Sunday lunches ? "
tr	7	" You 're killing me , " he said .
tr	6	And like Taro said , chances are , they 're not even here .
tr	7	Unfortunately , Peter was not a good name for women .
tr	7	He was a terror to the other birds , practicing the birds ' martial arts .
tr	7	I grabbed the weapon and tossed it to Reid .
tr	10	Well , really I was just hoping you would hear and hurry back . "
tr	9	" Doctor , how are you feeling ? "
tr	11	Conway reached to support himself with a hand on the wall .
tr	6	" According to our Head Scientist , the surge of the surf was reportedly altered .
tr	11	I looked around the room , my heart slamming a rapid tempo against my ribs .
tr	7	" Then , see you tomorrow at that time , Cadet Pry . "
tr	9	The man inside cursed loudly and lifted the lid again and brought it down harder putting his full weight behind it .
tr	8	" Bye , " Claire said to the empty space in front of her .
tr	10	Jodie rolled over and grumbled something about slavery being abolished years ago .
tr	9	" Actually , I believe that I am now Queen , " she replied .
tr	11	They were surrounded by armed men in black coats , dressed exactly as Landon described -- Watchers .
tr	8	Love drunk and filled with joy beyond description Taylor had to swallow hard a few times before he could speak .
tr	7	' Mikael 's alive , ' I announced with a carefully neutral expression .
tr	9	Moments later , I pulled into the empty parking space we had used previously .
tr	10	I was trying in vain to give him away from me .
tr	11	It was time to leave this room , and quickly .
tr	6	The second that Lyla girl joined the pack , I was last week 's news .
tr	7	He smiles at me , and I smile back .
tr	6	A MORE POSITIVE ATTITUDE WOULD ASSIST AT THIS POINT , THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH .
tr	10	' Why didn 't you tell me exercise was such fun ? '
tr	6	Beneath their feet the plush pale orange carpeting felt like a magic massage to their sore toes and soles .
tr	11	Several of us made a statement and were told to keep our mouths shut .
tr	11	They only did what they said they would -- busk .
tr	6	A bad little nugget of blood cells , blocking critical blood flow to the brainstem .
tr	5	" Yes , neither the crooks nor the lawmen have a day off .
tr	9	" You look like you 're Louis XVI and the mob has come for you . "
tr	9	It would turn America into a massive prison with Tom here as the warden . "
tr	6	" He 's definitely a unique individual , " Iris responded , a bit embarrassed .
tr	11	I think he thought I was nuts .
tr	5	Dear , bring him some water . "
tr	10	They answered and confessed that neither could sing too strongly .
tr	7	Then a mask dropped over his features , and he was the old Josh .
tr	8	And what about you two ? "
tr	8	" I think I understand , " Taylor nodded , " So what about the poles ? "
tr	11	Finan was surprised how appetising their aroma was and felt his stomach growl in anticipation .
tr	7	I just wanted to know . "
tr	6	At that instant , Toby restored the electric power to the building .
tr	6	The man 's thin mouth is split and swollen , and his long , sharp nose is bloody .
tr	11	" Do you want to know what planet ? "
tr	9	I heard a horn and I ran crying to the source .
tr	8	She had to read the letter twice to understand the contents .
tr	9	She started to run to him .
tr	7	" I 'll tell you on the way .
tr	10	We will stay here and pretend that we are still working . "
tr	11	I used to think she fancied you . '
tr	10	They both had taken off their helmets to speak to each other .
tr	11	' I 'm going to kill myself , man , ' said Dexter .
tr	10	The guard just nodded confirmation , not knowing what to say .
tr	5	" Answer Madam Marcia , poppet , " said Sarah Heap .
tr	10	" 007 knows you are not brain damaged , " said Jacob .
tr	7	" And so you doubt that such a man exists ? "
tr	7	Another man came in , roaring , and grabbed the sword at the handle .
tr	10	We both began to scan the base of the device .
tr	6	" I wouldn 't , " says the beard and there are rifles cocking all over the place .
tr	7	There were two , not counting Gavin .
tr	9	Michael answered that everything was already clear without any explanations .
tr	11	" I doubt there 's anything in there , " Hagan answered .
tr	8	I reached into my pockets and pulled out the shock gloves I purchased on my way here .
tr	11	" This would have been much easier if you were still unconscious . "
tr	9	Sarah shifted in her position in the wagon to look back at the house .
tr	8	' Don 't worry you 'll be back in good time , ' she said insisting he wait .
tr	8	" Don 't be hard on yourself . "
tr	10	If suggested that it might not happen .
tr	7	Fear rose in my throat and clamped down on my vocal chords .
tr	10	Hybrid rocket motors exhibit some obvious , as well as some subtle , advantages over solid rockets .
tr	6	I asked , " John Anders I presume . "
tr	7	" Leave him alone , Jack , and Alex , don 't hit your brother . "
tr	11	They were too stupid to realize just how strong Mark was .
tr	8	I 've never done that before .
tr	8	If he found us , not only would Malcolm be fired , but Dad would never trust me again .
tr	9	" Yeah , at the bottom of a two hundred foot gorge . "
tr	11	Rick knelt by his side and held his hand tightly as Julio struggled to breath .
tr	7	Finally he reached down , picked up his helmet and jammed it on his head .
tr	7	As one , he felt the three sharp points retract a bit , but only a bit .
tr	8	His voice was familiar , as was his demeanor .
tr	6	The dogs raced to him at his first call , clearly overjoyed .
tr	9	All the mails send between us , her patience and knowledge to improve the read much more .
tr	9	" A place where you 'll tell us all your secrets . "
tr	11	She wondered how she would hide Jonas 's traces when summer comes .
tr	10	I think I 'll ask her some questions tonight . "
tr	5	" Or the other way round , " she said just as gently .
tr	8	But these rustic northerners were not used to good entertainment , only war , dull clothing , and constant cold .
tr	9	Mechanisms whir to life as systems are booted and software is tested .
tr	9	An hour later she came out with two cold beers and two plates of food .
tr	9	" Hopefully we 'll pick you up after this is over . "
tr	8	When he turned back , his emotions were under control and he spoke .
tr	8	" You were a nephew to me , my own family !
tr	9	- is to keep trying .
tr	7	The second Hunter turned , pistol in hand .
tr	6	And in the distance , a spacious , cleared area with dirt tracks down the center : a runway .
tr	8	Gaining momentum , she spins the boy in a complete loop before releasing her grasp .
tr	8	Normally , the massive chamber was resplendent in decorations and brimming with people .
tr	6	Abruptly , and with no sound , a section of parapet slid outwards and dropped .
tr	8	The small Gulfstream came in from the south on time .
tr	8	You are trespassing on a U.S. Army installation and are hereby under arrest . "
tr	8	Any calls coming in will be handled by the automated system .
tr	8	In one awkward and unforgettable moment , the sea mammals had squished the puny land mammals between the pairs .
tr	9	The day after the tanks were filled , Ryan called a space pilot meeting , which included Suzi and VIN .
tr	7	Restaurants and galleries were packed with diners and shoppers .
tr	9	But the Seekers did their job well , and the Children let them have their little religious games .
tr	7	" Okay , " he said , " you can all laugh .
tr	9	First of all , I want you to sidestep your way over to that shopping cart . "
tr	6	" This one time I grabbed a big stone and -- " " Aw , that don 't count ! "
tr	9	Reid appeared to mull over something .
tr	10	But when I tried to frighten the boy , I saw that he was only intrigued .
tr	8	A land he had visited many times in his youth .
tr	5	The Hat and the Nomad We went up a small ridge .
tr	8	Lunch is on the table only it 's not this table . "
tr	9	The team found boats and crossed the Cumberland River , turning north to travel between the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers .
tr	5	" One and the same ; general store , post office , barber shop , and telegraph office .
tr	6	Karin Mueller played Vivaldi ; Krista Plum 's mother cried one more time ; the Atlanta Braves clinched another division title .
tr	11	" Can 't I look at the back of my head with two mirrors ? "
tr	9	I looked behind my back , terrified , not knowing who or what was there .
tr	9	He saved your life , and from what you described , doing so almost cost him his .
tr	10	Also , what was he going to tell the people watching ?
tr	10	I 'm sure it was a nightmare there at home .
tr	6	What time tomorrow can you be here ? "
tr	8	" Ganon sought revenge for his execution , and he 's found it in abundance .
tr	7	" Cheer up , I have a plan , " Megan said , making a decision .
tr	10	They must wonder what happened to me .
tr	5	" This morning ... and then later , after the reindeer rides . "
tr	7	But that 's all besides the point .
tr	9	Andy looked for a sign of land , but he couldn 't see one and it made him uncomfortable .
tr	7	That we 've recorded this video is almost Dave 's favour to me . '
tr	9	' The vortex is the key ' and it 's even possible that a time machine is inside .
tr	11	The boys managed to squeeze in popcorn and soft drink on top of the chips .
tr	11	I need to ask you to trust me .
tr	7	The ability to power and utilize these organisms directly within the human brain is a reality .
tr	9	The furniture was Brazilian cherry wood , upholstered in plush velvet and laden with satin cushions .
tr	11	The rock face was steep , but provided many hand and footholds to aid in climbing .
tr	10	The palmed hundred dollar bill was working its magic as he chatted with the bartender .
tr	9	Unfortunately , not all kids will do well in school , the dropout rates reflect this .
tr	8	Once trapped , we came under fire by snipers on the roof .
tr	11	' So , what 're you gon na do about it ? '
tr	7	The seatbelt digs into my hips , and I cry out .
tr	7	And they do that more than once each day . "
tr	7	I was sick to my stomach .
tr	8	" Come then , friend , it 's time to leave . "
tr	9	" But we cannot say that this case is resolved ? "
tr	6	In three quick steps , he dove into the water .
tr	9	' Isn 't that a specialist trade in itself ' ?
tr	11	Big Man now pointed Nathan out to Mister One Eye , who regarded Nathan calmly .
tr	8	The last photo was taken at his father 's funeral .
tr	5	And , once again , a child 's life held his heart hostage .
tr	8	' I counted three jumps on that damn springboard Calvin but I 'll forgive you that . '
tr	7	" You won 't shoot me , " I say .
tr	9	" I 'm afraid to ask , " Taylor laughed .
tr	9	This is what I remember next : a sound screeching through my mind , bleary voices .
tr	6	He let out a long sigh , then turned and opened the door again .
tr	7	Chris smiled and got out of bed .
tr	6	In a positive system , a minor leak acts as its own entry denial .
tr	9	I think I took a step toward that last night . "
tr	10	I wanted to help , but fright kept me glued to the spot .
tr	8	Not suitable for a woman , but for this voyage it would do fine .
tr	10	Mark decided this was a bad plan and it was time to change it .
tr	7	Claw went to the glass case , opened its lock and draw the Crystal Orb gently to his grip .
tr	10	" You looked so very discomfited , so wholly unlike the knave you supposed we would think you .
tr	11	I held the blade at the ready wondering what was going on .
tr	9	The gate was too high to jump over .
tr	7	He pulled his extra ammo cans into his firing pit and lined them up on the left side .
tr	7	' I just - ' Then , quietly , he added , ' Get down out of sight . '
tr	8	" Will you please write a letter of recommendation ?
tr	7	He also found a selector switch and changed it from " main gun " to " coaxial " .
tr	10	" I 'll see you there , " she said as she turned to go .
tr	8	Any similarity to real persons alive or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author .
tr	8	She held her breath , hoping against hope .
tr	7	Adele 's voice was filled with concern .
tr	10	He had found it very difficult to take up any definite position .
tr	8	The shift in weight and direction of their discussions was invigorating on the one hand but slightly confusing all the while .
tr	10	It was so good to hear from a friend .
tr	9	And even worse - Suddenly , the long whistle began , rising like a scream , getting louder and louder .
tr	8	another added , to a chorus of laughter .
tr	6	In an instant all the children had disappeared , the grown-ups simply gasped in amazement .
tr	8	Go to your final resting place and burn , " the Captain hissed and then spat on the ground .
tr	6	He shoved the knife into his pants pocket .
tr	6	Josie and Agent Keen quickly dashed away from pool side .
tr	10	Great to see you in fine numbers -- and colours . '
tr	7	I just wanted so bad a shower , I would give my soul for it in that moment .
tr	7	With a glance at Miriam , Neil stood , mumbled goodbye , and they left the room .
tr	10	He was lucky to get off a good three shots before the pirates started shooting back .
tr	11	The truth of it was that he was feeling rather sorry for his friend .
tr	7	It echoed shortly in her head , then in this kitchen and came out through an open window .
tr	8	During their excavation , they also found thousands of artifacts as well as the remains of fifteen people .
tr	10	He was about to turn around but stopped himself .
tr	10	It struck Adele that she should be anxious and frightened , but Eda was a comforting presence behind her .
tr	9	They stood facing each other only centimetres apart as they almost bumped into one another .
tr	9	This ought to be good , Cade mused .
tr	8	" Try avoiding it , " Chase warned , blocking each silky , white thread with his deterring spell .
tr	7	But he blocked it again and this time he punched me , and I landed with my butt on the ground .
tr	6	Ryland stares at me , as if stunned I can even ask that question .
tr	11	The cat followed Reid around the apartment , rumbling softly as he rubbed his head against his ankles .
tr	6	" Clary , " said Luke , " meet my second and third , Gretel and Alaric . "
tr	10	You two definitely need to be taught some lessons about the outside world . "
tr	6	" Thank you , Captain .
tr	11	They couldn 't be bothered to pay for him .
tr	7	That was what she needed .
tr	10	" ... What do you mean ? "
tr	11	" Now you may be wondering what your role in proceedings is ?
tr	8	" Jen ... we 've had four events now in as many days , this is not coincidental .
tr	10	Do I have it right ? "
tr	11	It was just the way things had turned out , and I saw no sense in beating ourselves up over it .
tr	8	He must have looked confused .
tr	6	Maggie and the Pastor ran , Jake and Frank behind them , the hundred yards through the tall grass .
tr	9	I heard a sick , wet sound as cartilage and bone gave way .
tr	10	" You 'll just have to go hungry -- these are for Mana ! "
tr	5	' I know , the snow came early this year . '
tr	7	He knew them well , and he would not let his friends down .
tr	9	This signaled the fact that his nightmare would resume shortly .
tr	9	The crews of the fleet as well as the citizens of Earth needed to hear such confidence .
tr	6	" I looked it up , " he says .
tr	10	You 'd be surprised what big sellers those things are .
tr	7	Other than infrequent requests by tourists to take their photo , Steve was left to his own thoughts .
tr	6	She almost protested , then pushed his boxers down instead and admired his flexing buttocks .
tr	6	Every day she pulled more and more loyalty from the other kingdoms to her side .
tr	9	They began their trek with the sun falling sharply into the western sky .
tr	11	" I 'll try to be as brave as you .
tr	6	in an exasperated way and shake their heads a bit , as if it was all our fault .
tr	7	The black clouds parted , and an enormous shape plummeted toward them .
tr	8	Half the guys with an OS still get 'em -- what do they mean ?
tr	9	I would like a few things from you before we proceed though .
tr	10	Yet it is good to look upon their dead faces .
tr	8	Now let 's get to the houses , " she said and the kids started talking .
tr	10	Around the middle of the bridge they passed a sign welcoming them to the State of Kentucky .
tr	10	" Twenty miles to target 55,000 feet , speed 720 knots . "
tr	9	Nevertheless , I 'm told you 're dangerous . "
tr	8	" Do you ever go down and see your Mommy and Daddy ? "
tr	6	Grabbing the sword , his face was stunned .
tr	6	I said , ' Now , I 'm sorry about this morning .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " Chris replied .
tr	6	Llama was already running ; his Death Dealers close behind .
tr	9	Asked Hilda , who sounded eager .
tr	6	" Rafe curses more than anyone I know .
tr	8	It might be better for us both if he doesn 't .
tr	7	The girl watches me as I climb .
tr	6	" Yes , they do , we should fix that .
tr	8	" You caught a fish it seems . "
tr	8	The expansive cross represents God 's right to choose .
tr	5	The living quarters and main stores are actually farther in .
tr	10	I 'll be right here when you get back .
tr	5	Or at any other time , really , " she added wistfully .
tr	7	After a while , it became part of the scenery .
tr	7	Then , after a few adjustments to the loop , she took aim and threw again .
tr	9	" Can I have you 're library card , please ? "
tr	5	" It itches , " the engineer said defensively .
tr	6	His wore a leather bike jacket , a white printed shirt underneath , skin tight leather pants , and combat boots .
tr	7	Do you understand me ? "
tr	5	" We have some huge above-ground LP tanks here , as well .
tr	10	Tempers had been so heated that names had not even been exchanged .
tr	5	" Well , good luck , " Mark said .
tr	8	All he had seen were rocks , a few small growths of brush , and little else .
tr	9	I had to get him out of our apartment .
tr	8	" Anyone else -- and she will not come alone -- kill them straightaway .
tr	8	He smiled when he saw Josie .
tr	11	What she would do to protect Dorian .
tr	10	The blare from my cell phone was loud in the silence that followed .
tr	8	It 'll make you stand out .
tr	7	Her voice was soothing to their hardened hearts .
tr	11	" I did what I thought was best . "
tr	7	In the middle of the jungle .
tr	8	" There 's more people here than I thought , " said Gema . "
tr	9	If it did get intercepted , perhaps that would help disguise the seal 's origin .
tr	9	Finn said that there would be a road , remember ?
tr	11	Keep me posted will ya ? "
tr	5	The orchestra , cast , and crew all did such a phenomenal job .
tr	9	As far as I can tell they all met yesterday on the bus over from Keswick .
tr	9	She was discouraged , but the coach urged her to try again .
tr	7	he asked in a low voice , so no one else could hear .
tr	7	" Okay , " I said , " Let 's do this . "
tr	9	Then I noticed tears leaking out from under her taped down eyelashes .
tr	7	We only had four people there including Victoria . "
tr	10	However , she quickly gave up and returned her gaze to me .
tr	10	But Billy said you weren 't even at the helm .
tr	7	Without warning , the vixen witch leaped into the air high and readied itself for its next attack .
tr	10	It seems you 've some of your own . "
tr	11	He must have known I 'd be there . '
tr	8	It was fall , out of season , and the town was empty of tourists .
tr	8	He means to turn me in .
tr	7	The skin had broken over them .
tr	11	" The coupons , I need you to hold onto a few of those . "
tr	11	The pilot handled the craft while speaking on the radio at the same time .
tr	7	make sure everything 's on line ... ... .
tr	7	The baby was asleep , its little face smooth and perfect in slumber .
tr	6	" They 're selective , though , and don 't give them out easily . "
tr	9	I flinched when something vibrated in my blue jeans pocket .
tr	9	" We could have taken off all our cargo and it would have been easier , " he said .
tr	8	Even a self-absorbed professor from the English Literature department could claim a seat and smirk to his heart 's content .
tr	6	Inside was a long , thin item , retrieved secretly from the White Tower earlier in the morning .
tr	8	He felt something was not right .
tr	8	Who else would do something like this ?
tr	9	Claire nodded , unsure what to say .
tr	5	" No , all the right moments , in my mind , ' Carlo corrected .
tr	8	He jumped to follow her .
tr	11	I came up with an upper cut knocking out my would be warden at the exit .
tr	6	Little iron lions rear up on each post .
tr	10	If there was to be a fight , we weren 't going to leave Jacob alone .
tr	8	Graves , Crabtree , and the two Stevens were at the table drinking and apparently had been for some time .
tr	7	And now she was stuck here with him .
tr	10	And Malcolm sitting across the table looking oh so suave and knowledgeable just added fuel to the fire .
tr	10	Gabriel seemed startled to see her , but then his eyes narrowed when he saw Alejo .
tr	11	The stopover came as a welcome respite after ten hours of pounding over poorly maintained roadways .
tr	6	" Your room , " Dr. Clarity brought Miss Glory into a bedchamber .
tr	6	The words tasted bitter on my tongue .
tr	9	They were roads for men of purpose , with places to be .
tr	7	The tools were all clean , gleaming dully in the weak light .
tr	8	Looking Danny 's equal , distinctive and amazingly right for the job , Calvin set Amy and friends ' adrenalin racing .
tr	8	It had to be him .
tr	5	" In that containment room , I made myself his enemy . "
tr	7	Then he knew he could not .
tr	8	" Whip the dog for his impudence , " he demanded .
tr	8	Victoria said sitting up in surprise .
tr	6	" With the uniforms , it shouldn 't be difficult . "
tr	7	Sighing with despair , Edwin planted his elbows on the desk and held his head in his hands .
tr	10	He did not disappoint , teaching her the things he loved to do to her .
tr	6	Just then , a U.S. soldier walks by , and Clint rushes over .
tr	9	It took a couple of minutes to find the subtle oval depression in the stonework .
tr	6	Mr Tall smiled , then his body shook , his eyes went wide , his neck stiffened - and he died .
tr	8	Sarah stared at him for a minute with her mouth open .
tr	9	We are all guarded by this impassable mountain from all sides . "
tr	6	As his eyes search mine , he looks terrified , confused , and kind of like a lost little boy .
tr	10	Maybe the same reason Mom didn 't want to fight for me .
tr	7	He repeated over and over one word , loud and distinct , and fully understood by the crowd .
tr	10	What actually it 's going on ? "
tr	7	You must try , he saw her say .
tr	5	I mean , the guy survived his seventeenth death .
tr	9	She went over the top of the fence and into the yard below .
tr	6	She climbed the stones quickly and dropped off the other side .
tr	11	Probably not a fair question , given they 've practically made it illegal nowadays .
tr	8	They 'd had each other 's back now for three years both here in Borneo and in Malaya .
tr	8	" It 's ' cause the sheep trust us , " John was saying .
tr	7	After a few hours , we saw a long , black funeral hearse leaving the mortuary .
tr	9	She is too much of a lady for riff-raff to speak of her in that fashion .
tr	9	There is one letter I haven 't written .
tr	11	He noticed that the crystal had left no mark in the ground below .
tr	10	" Wow , " was all Taylor could utter for a few moments .
tr	5	" This thing is not your business Abby !
tr	6	" A burden you have been , " he answered , " but not so now .
tr	7	" After the challenge Yin would ... " " I 'm sorry , I got that part .
tr	8	Many said the Brothers were lifesavers .
tr	8	In fact , the same department that your boss graduated from , " Ivan replied with dignity .
tr	6	He took a deep breath , briefly closed his eyes and then entered .
tr	10	Well first you 'll have to answer to me ! "
tr	7	You must come inside for some tea .
tr	7	The demon turned his gaze away from Manuel and stared at the person with the bag .
tr	6	For you see , this wasn 't just any girl .
tr	10	They bring these subs in especially for us to train on , " James stated .
tr	9	" Oh my , " he said , " This is going to be fun . "
tr	7	His story had more holes than Swiss cheese .
tr	7	I stretched out on the couch and inhaled my happy dessert .
tr	5	But all the same - " " Looks normal , doesn 't it ? "
tr	10	I will dress in what suits me .
tr	7	But this was important to her .
tr	7	He nodded toward the shapeshifter and moved on .
tr	7	" No , but I 'm an expert on several driving simulators .
tr	11	She will become what he tried to destroy . "
tr	10	He made a note to come back to the folder and moved on .
tr	9	Skull chased after her until Sofia had been corner .
tr	8	" This is an exaggeration of the beam but it gets the point across .
tr	11	I haven 't spoken to you in a while , that 's all .
tr	7	" Our other half , Johnny , the other side of my species ; the Hellions .
tr	7	They took us to the house and gave us a little hominy grits and bread .
tr	9	He also spent hours in a golf cart driving from hangar to hangar .
tr	6	Bedrooms are that way , but it 's a long way there .
tr	8	" The easiest he could have hoped for , " Donovan said over and over again to Gavin 's extreme annoyance .
tr	10	That 's a territory that belongs to Mexico .
tr	9	Originally a cavalry weapon , I found the blade to be most fitting .
tr	8	Even he thought it was weak .
tr	8	There was a commotion in the hole and McCutcheon poked his head around the corner from below .
tr	7	She didn 't have any friends , not here anyway .
tr	8	' Thank goodness for that , ' Godard whispered hoarsely .
tr	5	" Yes , Mrs. Snead , " he replied .
tr	6	" Okay , cheating , adultery and grossly opportunistic ; how 's that ? "
tr	5	" The Japanese girl and the black kid , " Mr. Dart said .
tr	7	" Well , glory be , and none too soon , " Hawk replied under his breath .
tr	9	But I had to tell him the reason , so I took a deep breath and I rattled .
tr	9	They were drunk and in love and he was just one of Los Angeles ' million oily immigrants .
tr	8	Until they came to an accommodation , that is . "
tr	8	Where she had dropped the bomb , there was a crater in the road .
tr	8	The braves that were healthy danced around the fire for a while .
tr	5	' Forty-eight hours later , he killed me . '
tr	8	Cisco turned to Captain Jean , still holding his wife around the shoulders .
tr	5	" Watch everyone - Clarence , Lee , the Alchemists , Jill and Eddie .
tr	8	After that assuming you don 't hate each other you 'd repeat the whole process with album two . '
tr	8	Chapter 2 George sat in one of the two bridge chairs contemplating his good fortune .
tr	7	I asked the kid on the con , " We have propulsion and steerage ? "
tr	8	We need you to take charge . "
tr	5	" Our parents weighed all the options .
tr	7	" We need to move .
tr	6	Yes , I was mad and furious about him .
tr	6	Her hand still on Jon 's neck , she closed her eyes and freed her mind .
tr	9	Mr. Bins again smiled at the students , because they looked excited , me not .
tr	9	We 'd love to have you .
tr	7	This made the captain very ill and he soon became bedridden due to his weakened condition .
tr	11	I try to stay as still as the twitching will allow .
tr	9	" Dad , I need to do this , " Maya declares .
tr	10	I have something that will knock you down . "
tr	7	We 'd rescued Phillip and kept our lives in the process .
tr	10	The lowest deck was filled with barrels of ales and cheese and other foodstuffs , acting as both ballast and storage .
tr	11	" I went climbing in Utah with a group of Americans , disabled people like myself .
tr	11	I scanned the crowd to find Kron bounding towards me .
tr	10	He thought it best if he laid low for a while ... .
tr	7	Taylor wasn 't too amused at that suggestion .
tr	9	" He founded the Kindred with the help of the land 's original inhabitants . "
tr	9	I noticed Abe now wore captain 's rank .
tr	10	She matched some of her aging breading stock with some new young blood and it proved an instant success .
tr	9	You guys got to come see this ! "
tr	10	" Are you going to be alright ?
tr	11	Confronted with any situation he had always known what should be done , and had accomplished it .
tr	9	Access to the observation post was easy once it was dark but someone finding his vehicle was always a concern .
tr	6	Oh God , I can 't believe this !
tr	7	Ms. Sullivan , Suzi and Mr. Rose will stay with Mr. Noble .
tr	6	Then Mom could stay home too . "
tr	9	At that point , they did not care that my biological father was still around .
tr	7	Another scarlet tear flowed into the snow , trickling down his neck .
tr	10	David stumbled against a root and caught himself from plowing face first into the ground .
tr	8	Have you gone mad ? "
tr	8	He listened to every argument his lieutenant had , and they made sense .
tr	9	" Just what the UN wants , an excuse to occupy Europe and lock it down . "
tr	8	Without a word Elaina went to join him .
tr	5	Here , on this island , in this room , he wanted me .
tr	10	" I think that he sounds like a most unusual and interesting person . "
tr	9	He stood in the glory of its light and allowed the energy to feed his being .
tr	6	" I developed a fondness for it in my college days . "
tr	8	The woman turned back to Bethany and the crazy look was almost gone from her eyes .
tr	6	" No , no no , I 'll help , " said Glock .
tr	11	The pub was empty except for a few locals , identifiable by their Manchester United football jerseys .
tr	6	Dad can brainstorm some pretty wacky ideas .
tr	11	She would deal with that when she got home .
tr	9	The man resumed his post as the General walked over to Natasha .
tr	9	I 'm very reluctant to sell it . "
tr	9	But you also should not discount what you carry ; I have seen them before .
tr	9	The Firstborn was descending from the dais , bringing the collar toward her .
tr	6	Alejo 's heart rate accelerated further and his back arched .
tr	8	Mal had served the kingdom honorably for many years and championed many great causes .
tr	7	" But , by far , not all of it .
tr	9	Do you believe it ? "
tr	6	My mouth opened slightly in shock .
tr	8	Out on the main deck , beneath the boom , a team began to work the halyard .
tr	7	It might also help keep away any late-night gawkers .
tr	10	" Is there something you wish me to do ? "
tr	8	Instantly raising a silencing hand , Link kneels next to the kid , placing a comforting hand on his shoulder .
tr	7	All of them arrived at the same thought at once ; they were almost out of the forest .
tr	9	With shaky fingers , I rushed to unbutton his pants and slide them off , revealing navy blue boxer briefs .
tr	11	Billy suspiciously eyed Maria and Connor before excusing them from the event then resumed his conversation .
tr	8	I shouted , waving wildly with my free hand .
tr	6	" We all make our own choices , " Ethan said , his smile thin and dangerous .
tr	11	You had no idea what was waiting for you . "
tr	11	The American president brought his gaze back from the décor to look at his host .
tr	10	We don 't have to talk about it now . "
tr	5	Violet , school , my mother , Violet , the case , Violet , the game , Violet .
tr	8	The door opened again and Miriam burst in and went over to Mana .
tr	11	A bear wouldn 't need to feed a coyote , especially out of a trash barrel . "
tr	7	The dot moved from side to side , ' no ' .
tr	8	She picked up her sewing and didn 't say anything else .
tr	6	" My thoughts on this are as yet , incomplete .
tr	7	Grab anything you need . "
tr	9	The idea came from a documentary I watched .
tr	8	This seemed to incite him further .
tr	7	Cisco gathered her closer , her face pressed into his shoulder .
tr	8	" Are you picking up the data feeds from the suit ? "
tr	8	" Ireland is not a third world country , " his father said as he unbuckled his seatbelt .
tr	10	They were both groaning in pain as they stand back to their feet .
tr	7	With murder in his eyes , he mumbled , " I yield . "
tr	11	Brothers who want to kill each other .
tr	8	Are you talking about the plague ? '
tr	5	Then , with a girly scream , he said , " Oh my God ! "
tr	8	She went on , " I entered the cry facility here the same day the first missiles hit .
tr	7	We shared the second floor of the building with several other offices .
tr	11	I forgot my driver 's license " he said .
tr	6	His fins were gone , but his mask and snorkel were still there .
tr	10	" He could be waiting for you to show up ? "
tr	9	They watched never taking their eyes from it as they stepped backward in unison .
tr	8	" You will sit and talk to our guest and show him some manners . "
tr	6	He opened his eyes , blinked them a few times , and said , " Oh .
tr	7	The kitchens are just through the great hall ahead ; we 're nearly there . "
tr	9	Though sleek and fast looking its speed could have been dead stop .
tr	7	During the few remaining hours of late afternoon and dusk , they laid there .
tr	8	It is all he requires .
tr	9	Michael and Ben began to whisper among themselves .
tr	8	I tore off the tape over his mouth again , ripping more skin from his lips .
tr	5	" Hey , Mike , " she said softly .
tr	9	She tried to think like him .
tr	11	And the vines didn 't seem to be enchanted in any case .
tr	7	I can hardly get the words out of my mouth .
tr	8	They allowed her to catch up .
tr	6	' I , er , I , er , no , Im not too bad , ' said the Bursar .
tr	7	And best of all , his McMansion is three miles outside the park . "
tr	9	We go in simultaneously as soon as Jennings has unloaded .
tr	7	The top of the pedestal rotated easily in the opposite direction , it clicked firmly into its new position .
tr	10	Scarborough shook him but he refused to wake up , as if hypnotized by his dreams .
tr	9	" I have to get back , " she said .
tr	7	I always wondered why that was . "
tr	11	Her husband was killed earlier in the month and she has two small children who depend on her .
tr	9	People are getting so fat they 've had to expand airplane seats .
tr	11	After only a few minutes , Chris apologized and said he had to leave .
tr	10	I turned east and walked through the woods until I reached a deserted clearing half a mile from the manor .
tr	8	Polished to a high sheen it looked like a black General Lee from The Dukes of Hazard with its custom wheels .
tr	11	In its sockets there were no eyes , yet Brand felt that it was staring at him .
tr	6	" I know , " Verlaine replied , and for a moment she could really believe .
tr	5	And then there 's my family .
tr	8	She looks out through the towering transparent bulkheads with her dark indignant eyes .
tr	9	He hoped it would be his .
tr	9	The immortal , whose name was Friedrich , pointed at the prints laid out on a foldable table .
tr	6	Isaac yelled from the other side .
tr	6	He stared at Charlie , through Charlie , straight ahead and unfocused .
tr	10	If I hadn 't been lying on the floor I would of fallen over .
tr	10	They were so very proud of you , the only daughter they had . "
tr	6	Eventually , after some serious consideration , I found a small apartment in a more central location than my old one .
tr	11	He didn 't look as though he had an ounce of fat on him .
tr	8	The Falcon 's dark eyes glimmering with satisfaction .
tr	9	The jeweller sat down and reached over to his bottle of wine .
tr	8	If he didn 't actually play he would spend the time in the bar .
tr	6	" Give me the trident and your girlfriend lives -- the choice is yours . "
tr	8	When he did not blink , they knew he was dead .
tr	6	" Yes , but mankind is too weak , so it will never happen .
tr	8	Now , I realized it was all true .
tr	8	She had slept in her motocross pants and a large t-shirt .
tr	9	After dumping the contents of the GPS pouch into his palm , Joe just stared down at his hand .
tr	5	At least I had , a few zillion calories ago .
tr	5	Then she heard a soft chuckle .
tr	10	I was pretty certain Zeal would harbour no such concerns .
tr	6	Meanwhile in Victoria Coach Station Katherine and Amy boarded the National Express to Cumbria .
tr	11	" To send this boy on the Journey is to punish him merely for being born .
tr	9	Despite their wounded pride , the Echelon officers joined the rest of the team in chuckling at her playful attitude .
tr	8	don 't you agree ? "
tr	6	Put your best foot forward here on this little green path . "
tr	9	' I 'm afraid he isn 't , ' said Victor wryly .
tr	11	" I 'm glad you 're here with me , " I said .
tr	10	You dug it up ; it had soil encrusted on it ; it could have been dated by that .
tr	7	" Much as usual , Mother , " Simon said uncomfortably .
tr	8	The room was silent and the gentle ambient hum of mechanical devices was the only sound in the room .
tr	6	Chapter 38 -- The Big Sleep Toby slept a lot those next two days .
tr	10	Now how to get him to talk ?
tr	10	His self-control was a key to living between people .
tr	9	" Must have been one of your ancestors , " Jessica commented with a giggle .
tr	8	He rode away , spraying dirt on his guard .
tr	8	He turned to face Powers .
tr	8	I want you to like me , Brand .
tr	9	It had to do with safety .
tr	9	' Old buildings like this one always have hidden doors . '
tr	6	" Oh there you are , " the fox growled from somewhere within the sky .
tr	8	" Tutto bene , " ( Everything is fine ) stated Beppe as a response to Simon 's inquisitive stare . .
tr	7	There , not an arm 's reach away , sat his friend : awake , alive , breathing easily -- alive .
tr	10	That 's when we learned about the necklaces , they can tell if you 're in danger !
tr	10	Who knows what might happen next ?
tr	6	All his other acquaintance , and so called friends treated him unfairly , except one .
tr	9	He walked to the opposite end of the glade and turned to face me .
tr	11	Happy Cola are concerned that you are not promoting the outdoors enough .
tr	10	" Why are you going to go back to him ?
tr	9	It bore a closer resemblance to a prison cell rather than a place for guests to relax .
tr	9	She continued to sit in silence .
tr	7	They quickly but quietly proceeded back to the edge and clambered their way down the mountainside .
tr	8	I was no doctor , but I 'd never seen someone so bloody .
tr	10	Wanted to check on Robert . "
tr	11	Rose knew she didn 't have to answer .
tr	9	" Would you like me to accompany you , Lord Rafe ? "
tr	9	Everyone mined and quarried the places where they built their sacred cities .
tr	8	She jumped up , taking the rock , and added a growling cougar to the scene .
tr	10	" I would not like to say right now , " replied Ryan .
tr	5	" Is this your tree ? "
tr	6	no point in that , " said Jimmy , " shoot him in the other knee please . "
tr	6	" Well , the book did mention a few street names .
tr	8	Riki prodded him to move forward .
tr	8	Miriam said , turning towards him .
tr	7	They had almost disappeared in the glare .
tr	8	The final decision , after debate was done , would always be hers .
tr	7	" The treasure you seek is guarded by a fierce evil .
tr	9	I 'm qualified in semi automatic pistol and shotgun .
tr	7	But wild animals should remain in the wild . "
tr	8	But him bein ' the captain , nobody questioned it .
tr	11	It was the most wonderful present he could ever remember receiving .
tr	10	" But dad , I 'm scared that the shark will get me ! "
tr	6	The last two hundred years under their rule has been very bloody and violent .
tr	8	We can use that against them .
tr	11	The second was the figure of the Exile girl standing in the shadows of the next building over .
tr	9	I grabbed a small metal serving tray off a table and hit him in the stomach with it .
tr	9	" They are an invading army , and this is what such an army will do . "
tr	8	In this line of work there are no coincidences and there is no luck .
tr	7	Before we knew it , we were all alone in town , except for the infected .
tr	10	Ted lay down on his stomach and turned his head to peer under the door .
tr	8	Finn glanced around the nearly deserted camp , his frustration coming off him in waves .
tr	6	The car started again and moved quietly forward , then stopped again .
tr	9	' I think I might just go up again later ' .
tr	9	They heard soft footsteps approach through the mist .
tr	6	Your team has been disarmed and separated . "
tr	9	Tim was sitting next to another boy near the back of the bus .
tr	11	The two men appeared to have taken out some dice and started a game .
tr	8	Marcellus works with everyone in this city .
tr	10	He stood there for perhaps ten minutes before he heard men approaching and raised his arms up again .
tr	7	They 'd known each other for over twenty years .
tr	8	Leah almost shot past him as well , but the Prince reached out and grabbed the Exile girl 's arm .
tr	9	War was a natural state of being , and there had never been a time of peace .
tr	7	" Riki -- I 'll be back !
tr	6	" Yes I do , " he replied , " but why ain 't ya dead ? "
tr	7	The Prince looked up sharply and the world spun round him .
tr	9	I hope you 're recovering nicely ? "
tr	8	The laughter of courtesans ' jokes and the clink of champagne glasses would bounce around the room with wild abandon .
tr	7	He promptly raised his hands in surrender , then changed his mind , and scurried away after his friend .
tr	5	" But you will , " said Logan .
tr	6	When did he give you that message ? "
tr	6	" Call it , " he mumbled quietly .
tr	6	A little wooden desk next to a large wooden armoire was parallel to the bed .
tr	7	" What am I to do ?
tr	8	When you 'll be ready then ... " " Maybe I will never be ready .
tr	9	" Alright , love is like an illegal drug ... " " Hold on . "
tr	6	* * * * * Ed arrived at the same time as the coroner .
tr	11	He went on , " What can I do for you , Priestess ?
tr	10	Making their way in without being noticed proved easy enough .
tr	11	It was a pleasure to watch him telling his story .
tr	6	Though , technically , my family is British - " " Shut up , " she said savagely .
tr	7	With little effort , he pushed against Pete 's chest .
tr	7	" This goes on for 30 pages , " said Toby .
tr	10	You interrupted them before they could get any further , " another cop offered .
tr	11	he said nodding at another envelope lying on the table .
tr	6	Her mother was still distracted .
tr	11	His face brightened and an imaginative mind could almost say they saw a smile play around his lips .
tr	10	two getting some kip ... . .
tr	11	And she did figure out how to survive out here with those monster things .
tr	9	After you had planned of killing me ? "
tr	8	Elaina suddenly noticed the camp was unusually quiet .
tr	8	I said , " Two who else ? "
tr	6	And I had too many margaritas last night , so ... " " Again , he 's a friend .
tr	6	I found a public phone booth and called Gustav Lacroix .
tr	9	I may have looked ridiculous , but it worked .
tr	8	If not , we 'll pull back and call for some help . "
tr	5	" In the beginning , not too much , and my mother was always there .
tr	6	" Ethan , you 're a sweet , infuriating , incredible guy , and I think I. . .
tr	10	You should 've seen us a minute ago , she thought .
tr	5	I 'm emotional , unpredictable and dangerous .
tr	9	Valerian bit his lip to check a cry .
tr	5	" Just one drink , one , and that 's it .
tr	10	Akira was forewarned about going to Battle Month .
tr	5	For my own sanity , I left it there a long time ago .
tr	10	The oil rigs could be seen as either Food or Security depending on one 's viewpoint .
tr	9	The pity of it was that he liked Eda ; he liked her sharp tongue , and her dryness amused him .
tr	11	She visualized in her mind all the possible attacks that could occur in the tunnels .
tr	11	We seem to have attracted the wrong sort of attention . "
tr	10	In one of our deepest oceans , a craft know as a submarine , was seriously damaged in an attack .
tr	10	I decided I had to leave .
tr	7	He always watched you around the animals , you know .
tr	9	A part of me wanted to , and I swear I heard a snicker .
tr	6	" Kurt , " Eva and I spoke at once .
tr	10	With so few trees , the green horizon seemed to stretch on indefinitely , one verdant field after another .
tr	8	And the swords made from it have never felt right to me .
tr	8	" Mr. Bender , your tether looks fine but make sure you keep a firm grip on the bulkhead , OK ?
tr	9	" I think you 've got it down , dude . "
tr	9	William rotated the video feed and focused on the text as Alfred sent his message .
tr	5	Scrub oak , high grass , damp earth , ferns , I , m recording everything . "
tr	9	I have set guards to patrol the perimeter . "
tr	8	he said , clapping him on the back .
tr	11	Suddenly she was confused , " Why was she thinking of him also ?
tr	6	Felice drifted in , silent , seemingly fragile and unsteady , yet efficiently cleared the plates .
tr	7	" I never felt right about the children 's surgeries . "
tr	9	You could be back in the States next month or earlier . "
tr	6	we want them alive . "
tr	11	I have the architect coming soon to discuss the offices and the house for Moylan is almost finished .
tr	8	John got out of the room by means of flying , just how the Adventurous had predicted .
tr	10	Wolf Eyes hit The Fox with a glancing blow because the man managed to dodge .
tr	11	She tried to look normal although chaos and doubts ruled inside .
tr	11	" He think 's we 're renegades .
tr	9	The doctor was attending my friend as I walked up .
tr	7	The drake landed some distance from the trespasser , her agitation decreased , and her color returned to normal .
tr	7	" Never heard of them , " Tony quickly responded .
tr	8	And it is for that I , and the Kindred , thank you . "
tr	8	He rushed me through the empty streets and we couldn 't arrive at the doctors fast enough .
tr	7	Aria says from behind him .
tr	9	She jerked her head around to look at him , still not quite meeting his eye .
tr	9	' That 's good , isn 't it ? '
tr	10	Something was telling me that this all story wasn 't over yet .
tr	10	Even now , after Ted had gotten the drop on him , Joe seemed calm and relaxed .
tr	10	" Not much chance of that with the haze in the air tonight . "
tr	11	" I 'm positive it will prove useful at some point . "
tr	11	He shouted , " GW this son of a bitch is three-quarters full . "
tr	8	VIN , you have a deal , but I ask one thing of you . "
tr	9	He knew what he would do but also knew the consequences of such a brutal act .
tr	6	" Whatever , " Jim shrugged , " Besides , this is business .
tr	10	Something about him intrigued her , something she couldn 't quite put her finger on .
tr	6	" My brethren - " " Are quite skilled , " Vin said with a sigh .
tr	8	I have some tasks to do myself . "
tr	7	I wasn 't sure , but I did know one thing .
tr	10	Gaping holes remained where stained glass had once watched over the faithful .
tr	10	You can see that I left a deposit there in the bank .
tr	9	He saw a short , squat plant with large leaves burrowed into the rocks .
tr	8	Now it was Donovan 's turn to stare .
tr	8	He watched the sickly yellow sun set over the snow-covered hills .
tr	10	Mister Munitions , who was half-asleep a second ago , suddenly lights up at this .
tr	9	" So you think that the seventy-three is just seventy-three years back in time ? "
tr	7	The question caught him off-guard , but the answer came surprisingly fast .
tr	5	" I was happy too , Rafe . "
tr	6	Feathers ruffled and one hen jumped to the dusty floor .
tr	6	In the Aboriginal culture , when a family member dies , the entire village mourns and grieves with the family .
tr	8	It was the bloody climax of a bloody half-century , and every woman there sensed it .
tr	11	The Beatles song She Loves You seemed an appropriate vehicle for his level of talent .
tr	7	" He 'll be a while longer .
tr	10	How could he not see the situation for what it really was ?
tr	7	Behind her , the eye of the massive gas giant , Jupiter , watches .
tr	9	They were there to keep people out , not in .
tr	10	She had just reached the reunion of Edmond and Mercedes when she was interrupted again .
tr	11	Each of them making out that they were very serious and behaving like top notch students . "
tr	6	No more anything until I figure something out .
tr	11	I was already reaching for the guns when the second bullet hissed through the night and grazed my forehead .
tr	9	" The meaning 's rather stark , isn 't it ? "
tr	9	" Yeah , " he has to admit with a somber nod .
tr	10	When a cop handed over a ladder , Chris was the only one there to take it .
tr	9	We got an assignment in history today -- " " OK , but can I finish this battle first ? "
tr	9	They had left him there on his stomach , eyes staring at her in the darkness .
tr	7	I took the footman 's pistol with us ; my own weapon was nearly out of cartridges .
tr	7	" Anyway , your brother came into the operation -- this big , strapping American .
tr	9	' I suspect that Anna would also survive her seventeenth death . '
tr	10	We wish to see you surpass us .
tr	6	Caden 's hand slowly slipped up along my thigh , over my hip , to my waist .
tr	6	He tore open the envelope , removed the phone , and found the message .
tr	11	I thought it would make a good trophy of sorts .
tr	10	There was something she was missing here .
tr	10	He walks to his bed to grab his leather jacket .
tr	10	" I am surprised a traveler of your experience does not see the difference .
tr	11	And it was the bug he felt staring at him .
tr	6	There was almost no personal stuff , no photos , and no books .
tr	11	The faded sheets were still drifting lazily on the line in the afternoon breeze on the hostel rooftop .
tr	9	I turned to see Benny entering .
tr	11	He headed along the corridor that led to the kitchen and opened the door to the cellar .
tr	11	" We don 't want to hang out with her , " said Jaz .
tr	6	And just please , don 't tell anybody . "
tr	6	" Me too , Johnny , I 'm really , really sorry " added Phillip .
tr	10	I would say they probably belong to someone from the Kalimantan .
tr	10	" I waited so long for this project , is like a dream came true . "
tr	7	Sleeping Beauty and Prince Charming was just waking up . "
tr	10	The battle continued to rage below , and I was painfully aware that more guards were joining the fray .
tr	7	Instead of giving a false answer she just didn 't say anything .
tr	10	A pair of sturdy walking boots and a lone umbrella stood leaning against the wall outside the back door .
tr	5	" Neither are books . "
tr	8	" Don 't worry about it , " Mai assures with a carefree tone .
tr	7	' When can you have the documents ready ? '
tr	5	" A little beat-up , but all right , " I say .
tr	5	" So Yin and Merri Li ruled both clans ? "
tr	10	" No wonder I am a nightmare of yours . "
tr	10	For this to be real .
tr	10	He would go down in a fight , with his last breath , even if it would be a pitiful attempt .
tr	7	" The Baroness goes free regardless of the outcome , " Destro stated flatly .
tr	11	Passing from one room to another the sisters kept changing their appearance so that they would remain unnoticed .
tr	6	Alex dug it out of a creek bank .
tr	9	Andy tried to kick free but was hit hard around the head .
tr	9	Wings sprouted from its back and its limbs thickened , sprouting grasping claws .
tr	11	She was shocked to see the worry in his eyes .
tr	11	Moreover , they particularly like to pick on these sorts of people . "
tr	11	We need to separate and concentrate on these individuals in different and creative ways .
tr	7	Her smile was captivating and when their eyes met , there was an immediate connection .
tr	7	Because she wasn 't speaking , I got up watching the window .
tr	5	" The Point Blue Casino Charity Poker Tournament , " he read aloud .
tr	10	Frank , whose father had served as a naval aviator recognized the F-22 raptor .
tr	8	With little time to react , Trae sprang to his feet and hurried toward his sister .
tr	8	Terry Bayliss , after leaving the military was conveniently now working as an electrician and so offered his help .
tr	6	" No , James , this isn 't a good idea , " I plead quietly .
tr	11	The wolf stopped at the sight of Wolf Eyes , who stood motionless inside the big trunk .
tr	10	Soon the whole village was there , dancing to the beats of the drums and tambourines .
tr	10	The truth is you 're smart , capable , courageous , and other people see it and want to follow you .
tr	5	" Yeah , I think so .
tr	6	Chapter XVII The building loomed over us through the darkness .
tr	7	He pulled it out of his pocket and looked down at the screen .
tr	5	I can 't , ' he said , ' not here .
tr	10	That 's all there was to it .
tr	8	" I tied mine beside it and followed the tracks of your boots .
tr	8	It lay three 3 miles outside the city limits of Trans Central .
tr	6	All that weight of the crane and the pile driving equipment . "
tr	8	" The village is built upon a hill and is extensive .
tr	8	" You just keep on walking there friend .
tr	6	Why hadn 't the sheriff discovered a car ?
tr	10	Give me a minute to make a copy , and I 'll take a look . "
tr	6	As Magnus turned , the glow of the burning letters lit his cat eyes to gold .
tr	8	Upon further reflection , this one doesn 't make a whole lot of sense .
tr	6	" I was a fox , " he said , " now I am a badger . "
tr	11	I would like to spare it any further bloodshed .
tr	6	She says , " Sir , this is Paul McCoy and Chloe Phillips .
tr	8	The gnarled roots will hide us and act as a barrier .
tr	8	His eyes focused in on mine , and he added , " haven 't you ? "
tr	6	" I did nothing , " confessed the Keeper of the Ancient Wisdom .
tr	9	You 've managed to stuff a full grown bull down there . "
tr	7	Just like our chipper chewed up your brother and spit his hide out on the crappy pile . "
tr	9	Abby hopped in Rick 's chair as he stood behind her with his hands on her shoulders .
tr	11	He just helplessly shrugged his shoulders and mumbled : " She 's been sent to us .
tr	11	" Hey Derrick , I am going to help Taylor with the blood samples .
tr	7	My sword cut a jagged line through the white skin and spurting flesh as the creature twisted and writhed .
tr	8	Logan looked at me , his face dark and regretful .
tr	7	" Jack Daniels and a splash of simple syrup , but it 's not a weed , son .
tr	6	Just bent my head and kissed her slow and deep , reminding her of last night and our connection .
tr	9	Beau ordered all the men to bury the dead and then report to their unit .
tr	6	He and Ricky are in 214 . "
tr	9	I had to keep moving .
tr	9	she shot back , glancing at Rick 's face .
tr	10	Do a Filomena shook her head slowly , thin gray braids scratching her worn sweater .
tr	10	It simply isn 't in accordance with the rules of courtly love . "
tr	9	They had a powerful charge , even more so when added to my freakish discharges .
tr	11	" True friends are hard to come by in this world . "
tr	6	" I 'll lead , " John said .
tr	7	I dragged my gaze from the busy street beyond the glass window and studied my partner .
tr	5	Of nothing ever in my life have I been so sure .
tr	9	Simon not wanting his mother see him cry , quickly left the room with the inspector .
tr	8	The elf hurtled through the air and hit the flaming ninja , knocking both to the pavement .
tr	9	" We , my dear , have a lot to talk about .
tr	9	As he came closer he moved slower than when he 'd left the orchard .
tr	9	My terror dispelled , I turned left and continued walking through the darkness .
tr	5	The Best Damned Squirrel Dog ( Ever ) -- A Civil War ghost story .
tr	8	" Dude , what 's up ? "
tr	9	I don 't think that was very neighborly .
tr	11	Do you like to ski ? "
tr	10	Mia didn 't see what was around her .
tr	7	Kendall , his helmet visor flipped up , looked over at his friend Logan .
tr	6	Curious as to their destination , he made his way on deck .
tr	9	The effort was too much to bear and again he faded away .
tr	8	Not that Cade , then , if he had a commanding officer .
tr	10	" Are you saying she 's going to squash us like insects ? "
tr	8	The words came slowly at first and then they started to flow .
tr	9	They were now no farther than twenty yards from the troops marching by below them .
tr	7	head bowed down the traditional way of the Barat .
tr	6	Bloody Japanese , " he muttered under his breath through clenched teeth .
tr	11	Robbie 's going to hang around for a few days then he 'll be going back to Brunei .
tr	6	He simply gestured to the speaker phone on the conference table .
tr	7	" You 're not that far off base .
tr	11	But just because bad things happen doesn 't mean the fight isn 't worth fighting .
tr	9	" Yes , I am Adam , the very same one you encountered .
tr	9	My husband and I have been on this hilltop too long , learned one .
tr	9	It was relatively modern in construction , likely built during the post-communist construction boom of the early 1990s .
tr	6	And that 's not the only thing , " thought Ben .
tr	8	I 'd give my limited edition Radley bag for a bath .
tr	11	he screamed to Jeremy who was close by .
tr	10	As if Go knew what was coming he responded before I even finished the statement .
tr	7	I got to my knees , crawled over to the bell-shaped hole , and peered into the inky black darkness .
tr	9	" Well thank you very much for that incredibly intelligent suggestion , but I can 't sleep .
tr	11	Cobb said triumphantly , though Chris had missed most of the discussion .
tr	11	Iris looked at her but was unsure of what to say .
tr	10	The engine sputtered just a little before it gained speed all the way to its maximum RPM setting .
tr	10	We need to take care of this ourselves . "
tr	7	The flimsy wall , secured at both ends , bowed and flapped in the middle like a sail .
tr	10	" You know what I 'm talking about Connor . "
tr	7	I gulped air , suddenly winded .
tr	9	Laser lights scan the surface of Lance 's exposed brain for a second before the receptacle spins around .
tr	8	Of course she would never do something like that , would she ? "
tr	5	" Come on , Dolph , " the Australian called .
tr	8	Andy was shocked by Archie 's outburst .
tr	8	We 've become such companions , I hate to leave them . "
tr	9	I 've sent telegrams to your stopover points for aircraft servicing and your accommodation , but there is one problem . "
tr	9	I 'm going to win this .
tr	6	Gema smiled and gave the traditional greeting .
tr	8	However , as more and more men emerged from the mist , they took to flight .
tr	10	He looked around and then lowered his voice again , " Let me be plain .
tr	10	He could definitely hear Joe 's footfalls now and they sounded as though they were getting closer .
tr	8	His skin was rough and cold , but she warmed quickly and he repeated the process for her other cheek .
tr	9	At home again , it became clear that the time for inactivity was long past .
tr	9	Zachary lifts the captain up and presses his ear against one of the speakers .
tr	10	He was too weak to do anything , he could not even uncover himself much less flee to anywhere .
tr	11	" I don 't know if you remember or not , but that son of a bitch threatened her .
tr	7	I hastily threw some coins on the table and raced out of the cafe .
tr	11	Wants to tell us who set this thing in motion . "
tr	10	Mac couldn 't believe what was going on .
tr	10	He just had this unending belief that things would work out , and somehow he was hardly ever wrong .
tr	6	Betrayal was evil , it was wrong and ... but no , this wasn 't betrayal .
tr	6	I swapped my gun for the swords at my waist .
tr	10	" Will you be glad to get home ? "
tr	10	And all I can think about is my bladder , he thought with amusement .
tr	11	They would talk and he would open more to her the things that were important .
tr	8	This will increase the forward orbital speed of the space station to 20,000 miles an hour .
tr	8	An flash of white light on the horizon , and a world of pain and fear and loneliness .
tr	8	Maya demands with a scream , pushing herself up off the table but falling back down .
tr	9	Bold to be wearing out west .
tr	11	Soul looked at Hiro who gazed at the door .
tr	8	A young man knelt at the other end of the altar , grasping his ankles .
tr	8	Raven got up to dance and was handed the jar .
tr	7	One of his men handed him a large roll of paper .
tr	11	Frank and Maggie continued to cheer each other to appear brave .
tr	7	So much for advantage -- she 'd just restored his authority in this bargain .
tr	6	By the time they stopped their ascent , it was well into the morning .
tr	8	Logan didn 't mention his fondness for the girl , so I refrained as well .
tr	9	We need to get away from that window . "
tr	6	" With the armies so near , our plans for an orderly exit are in tatters .
tr	11	While the movie played , the girls continued to whisper about the items , and what they had been used for .
tr	10	" Won 't that stop us from leaving ? "
tr	7	" The super evil club , " I say and then effortlessly pluck his exact words from my memory .
tr	11	" I 'm pretty sure that 's Downer 's old CO with his wife Gema . "
tr	8	he yelled as loud as he dared .
tr	7	~ " Anyone know anything about this ? "
tr	11	I should have been able to stop them .
tr	5	The hand to hand , the strikes , the rhythm , the timing .
tr	7	I needed a shot of caffeine .
tr	10	Until later ... " she said as she turned to leave .
tr	5	And it was bizarre , frightening and , lastly , bizarrely , frighteningly reassuring .
tr	11	" It 's been a while that I 've done this , Cera .
tr	8	It made her feel ancient .
tr	9	He asks , his angst welling up in him more powerfully than ever before .
tr	5	" What the hell are you doing ? "
tr	8	We stopped for an instant , before racing off again .
tr	10	They would be his back-up support team to cover sicknesses and other emergencies .
tr	7	Toby doesn 't ask many questions about me .
tr	6	Slowly she turned her head ; she looked up ; she saw him , and there came the inevitable shock .
tr	10	He was casting his eyes around looking for a suitable victim .
tr	5	The two immortals left the manor a short time later .
tr	9	It 's a good job that I already know my port from my starboard .
tr	8	He tried to move but found he couldn 't .
tr	11	I can 't believe I 've gotten myself into this .
tr	8	As a lone rider bore down on me , I had just enough time to register another cry .
tr	7	' First and foremost , we must protect Anna Godard , ' Victor said firmly .
tr	7	But I heard nothing , only my ragged breathing and muffled footsteps .
tr	9	Her instructor had been surprised at how sharp her eyesight was .
tr	11	Lea could see that Julie wanted to sleep .
tr	9	Don 't they know it 's before 7am ?
tr	11	" We should stay behind enemy lines and continue to gather information , " said Henry his remaining team chief .
tr	7	Not with the big commotion going on .
tr	11	" We are going to the boss 's cabin he gave me his key . "
tr	8	she claimed as she studied the picture .
tr	7	" Hurts like hell , " Bobby replied , " but I 'll be fine .
tr	10	Tori had orange , Stacy green , Sarah blue and Kat red to match her hair .
tr	6	It fouled machinery , made cellphone communication impossible outside of a 250 mile radius .
tr	6	Ma 's Kitchen , an old white clapboard restaurant , still sat just outside the city limits .
tr	11	But it was the way that his knowledge and work was being marked that really annoyed Ben .
tr	5	" Well , that 's a good thing right ? "
tr	8	" I didn 't know you drank . "
tr	6	Besides , Sarah thought , all of this was just temporary .
tr	10	Reining in , he dismounted , holding the limp form of his companion in the saddle with one hand .
tr	9	It was a foolish endeavor , " she states clearly and without a hint of nervousness .
tr	11	I can tell you 're new at this .
tr	5	For all his Fae arrogance , Fionn Cillian had loved and lost .
tr	10	" But there 's been no military increase in nearly half a century , " the Prince protested .
tr	7	There will still be gangs and drugs and war .
tr	8	" I 'm not sure that I know Sergeant ... .
tr	7	A lot of good this will do me , he thought as his mind raced .
tr	10	I never knew what happened to the other guards in my detachment , but I fear the worst . "
tr	7	The fields were empty and seemingly overgrown and abandoned ; no uniformed guard waited near the gate .
tr	5	" And sea air is so beneficial , too .
tr	7	She replied , " What 's your name ? "
tr	9	" I 'll get back to you , Ryan , " and the CIA man hung up on him .
tr	9	Maybe the coast has shifted since it was founded ?
tr	7	By the time two other figures joined the kid at the broken fence , the thieves were out of range .
tr	6	Jonah rubbed his tired eyes , then reread Lori 's text message for probably the fifteenth time in three days .
tr	10	" But I know what they 'll do to you .
tr	10	The incident had only served to heighten Andy 's reputation as a rebel .
tr	8	And when things don 't go your way , you expose yourself by doing your own surveillance ! "
tr	6	She smiled at how corny that sounded , although no less true for all that .
tr	7	" That is too much ... I cannot tell you that . "
tr	5	Then I told her the rest , almost .
tr	5	A medium-sized town on the outskirts of Cochabamba .
tr	6	Everything is happening so fast ?
tr	7	They did not remain the only ones for very long .
tr	7	About twenty yards from the edge of the camp he blew a whistle as he ran .
tr	11	Christ George , you 're starting to sound more like a commanding officer every day . "
tr	6	I should go , but listening was too tempting .
tr	7	Missy was enthralled with the crude structure .
tr	9	VIN had trained for this operation many times down in Hangar Five and knew exactly what to do .
tr	8	Lubna had been here once on a university trip , Ali recalled .
tr	10	" I can play sick with the best of them , " he said with a sly grin .
tr	6	" Here goes nothing , " he said under his breath .
tr	8	We should stick to the path , forks will confuse them . "
tr	7	She slowly turned away , then motioned to the butterflies and walked back towards her house .
tr	7	His phone was back in his pocket but now he carried a yellow cloth in his hand .
tr	6	Of course , she had used up her one question .
tr	8	A real girl has been stolen by a real monster .
tr	5	" There was an almighty fight . "
tr	11	He arrived at the summer shelter , and he saw that Red Talon was sitting up and eating .
tr	11	" And I need you to go to the viewing for me . "
tr	11	They won 't have heard of the coup though ; they 'll just be dying to hear the news . "
tr	8	The angel moved swiftly in front of his prey , crouching low , ready for a fight .
tr	8	The Prince nodded and turned to go .
tr	5	" He told you so ? "
tr	6	She wore dangerous cutoff jeans , a tee shirt and her " intellectual " glasses .
tr	5	Okay , well , to each their own I always say .
tr	5	Claudette , my eldest , set aside her pitchfork .
tr	5	" Colonel Gerald Rollins is the new McCracken Regimental Commander . "
tr	8	" Don 't think anything of it . "
tr	9	Gan took the dogs to inspect their back trail as a precaution .
tr	6	I could barely think , never mind say his name .
tr	5	Great message by the way .
tr	7	" Let me fix your helmet . "
tr	6	At least fifty soldiers fired from the weapons pads in this room .
tr	7	Another ruffled the hair above my left ear .
tr	8	Every once in a while , the eagle would swivel its head and look around with its intimidating eyes .
tr	8	His private philosophy was , " If you can walk , you can fight . "
tr	7	And get them to understand .
tr	6	That is all , " she concludes with a stoic grin .
tr	8	I said , with a lack of enthusiasm .
tr	11	" Or maybe it 's there to stop something else from getting in . "
tr	6	He would not allow it .
tr	8	The leader of the gang calls out , glancing around the massive room .
tr	10	Cade pulled her close to him , and suddenly she was sobbing into his shoulder as he stroked her hair .
tr	8	The elevator announced their arrival at the fifteenth floor , opening to a modern office and reception area .
tr	8	Left to itself , that house would last thousands of years .
tr	10	Unable to feel a fraction as confident , Rift takes an awkward battle pose just the same .
tr	8	Until a few days ago Simon thought his dad was dead .
tr	9	He was drenched from head to toe after a flume ride at an amusement park .
tr	10	The mama bear and her cubs had stopped to chomp on some berries .
tr	9	The staircase beyond was ominously silent : the sound of gunfire from the floors below was barely audible through the walls .
tr	7	They feasted that night on crayfish and mussels again and got a good night 's sleep .
tr	9	voices were heard as startled heads popped up .
tr	11	If I 'm lucky , this fellow will go off someplace else and leave that scrumptious little treat to me .
tr	9	Violet and I had ducked inside , her hooves stamping around in the courtyard below .
tr	9	The platform was empty and Ben saw the old man and woman making their way towards the station .
tr	7	Maybe you can get back at me this time . "
tr	9	Riesling watched how she took the warning , but her expression was flat as slate .
tr	8	Like I said , the wound was better than we hoped . "
tr	8	As they went further , the road became pitted with potholes and lined with deep , muddy ruts .
tr	7	But his enemy had only the possibly acquired prior knowledge of their previous encounters .
tr	6	Six hundred feet below , we came to a stationary lift cabin .
tr	9	It was disturbing to Nathan how quickly society broke down into brutality .
tr	9	Let 's look at what we actually know , " he said quietly .
tr	7	He wrapped his arms around Lilly Ann and pulled her closer .
tr	9	Today , we will have our vengeance and our dead will finally be laid to rest ! "
tr	8	Suzi , for your information only , is Head of Hangar Nine , our biology department . "
tr	7	But today with a high sun , not much really mattered .
tr	7	Glancing up at the window , she saw only the reflection of the empty dorm room .
tr	11	Every report had invariably gone on to present a summary of his career .
tr	8	We 'll be airborne well before the fence ! "
tr	8	" This part of it , anyhow , " she amended , and Jones agreed .
tr	5	BG : Well , the Killer , you know , Memphis guy , so , yeah .
tr	8	" Are you heading somewhere today or just visiting the neighbors ? "
tr	7	I 'll show you your room .
tr	9	By the time he received his doctorate , the company was moving into its own newly constructed building in Silicon Valley .
tr	9	Everything had its place and nothing was overlooked .
tr	6	" Stay safe , sweetie , " she said .
tr	6	" Will you be alright ? "
tr	7	They were all on a beach .
tr	10	How about if I brought them to you this weekend ? "
tr	6	With long , golden blond hair and blue eyes , he looked down at me with a smile .
tr	9	One being a bag of stuff and the other was a gallon jug of water -- I made Alita carry both .
tr	7	On the other side of the door , a man stood .
tr	10	He made a fire to keep them warm .
tr	7	Autumn had a general store , a bank , a diner , a small hotel , and the Sheriff 's office .
tr	7	Very few islanders spoke the local cousin of Norman French anymore .
tr	8	Sofia hurriedly went near him for assistance and took hold of his shoulder .
tr	6	He raised his eyebrows at Alejo in the mirror .
tr	6	It was so dark , she couldn 't see his face .
tr	6	" So Dr. Gallo got $ 100,000 a year for this one patent for the HIV blood test .
tr	8	He took a seat on the floor with his back against a box .
tr	10	he placed his hand on the wall to his right as he faced the left tunnel of the T intersection .
tr	9	" I 've known Harry for twenty five years , we were more than just friends .
tr	5	" Shock , Reaper , Hung - let 's move .
tr	9	Still , if we -- if you -- do them well , you shall have your real reward . "
tr	10	With a grunt she sprang before the man , not heeding her lacerated leg in the heat of the fighting lust .
tr	6	He was a brand new person , neither his friend nor his father , and yet both at the same time .
tr	11	How was I supposed to hold both of my ice cream cones ?
tr	7	Throughout the months of October and November both delegates from the Texas colonies and would-be freedom fighters had converged on Gonzales .
tr	6	" No one can actually be that naïve . "
tr	8	She said , with a glance over one shoulder .
tr	10	I mean , why can I see you one way and others see you different ? "
tr	7	Perhaps , if he ran many miles , he could reach Novica .
tr	6	" Hear me my Father .
tr	5	" Well , across the fence there is a strange yard .
tr	7	He stared at Eben for a few moments , and a look of surprise was clearly evident in his eyes .
tr	9	The USDA has an allowable amount of feces in your food !
tr	6	" Maggie , " he called , his mind back on archeology .
tr	9	" They will if it portrays their brand in a negative way . "
tr	6	The old men gathered their possession and exited the train .
tr	7	He took a sip from his coffee before he continued .
tr	5	In an instant , the fields and pastures were replaced .
tr	5	Across the gravel lot , about fifty yards away , sat two black vans .
tr	6	" Nah , " Jim said , " The results are better this way . "
tr	11	" Which is why I need the Tome to put things right . "
tr	10	Victoria moved around the room , watching the display in Williams 's hand .
tr	10	It didn 't matter to them because they paid their people on commission .
tr	9	The hunger is everywhere , drawing me to him , and we 're standing so close .
tr	10	I frowned , my knuckles whitening on the handle of the katana .
tr	10	She smoothed his forehead again with one cool hand , and he fell back to sleep in a single instant .
tr	8	The storm calmed down as men 's feet stopped running above them .
tr	11	She looked down from the tree she was hiding in .
tr	6	" Neo Utopia , " Lisa says , her voice itchy and hard .
tr	8	And she could only count on herself and her children .
tr	10	Aiden appeared to be confused by his question .
tr	8	He rubbed my shoulders , easing out the tension , then he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " he said , " it wasn 't that memorable for me , either . "
tr	5	Back the right face and your " taking head " becomes president .
tr	8	His energy flicks dangerously , the dark blues growing brighter at the edges .
tr	11	We had to get everyone out of the country in a hurry .
tr	9	What 's beyond the physical limitations of the body and all that sort of stuff . "
tr	7	As I stared though , his head suddenly snapped up .
tr	11	" I don 't understand why they wouldn 't listen to us ! "
tr	6	" What kind of medicine were we making , gentlemen ? "
tr	10	She looked up , " I thought you were my friend George .
tr	6	" It just looks like , " " A jail cell , I know , " Henry said apologetically .
tr	7	" One of the most important advantages is the lower risk of explosion .
tr	7	When she was done she gave it to him .
tr	8	Even those believed to be friends . "
tr	10	Sampson was beside himself with fury , promising dire punishments for those responsible .
tr	7	" Is this some trickery by these creatures ?
tr	8	All I can say is that we need your help . "
tr	9	If they could kill Martin and take control , they 'd do it in a heartbeat . "
tr	5	' Without doubt Colin , without a doubt , ' I quickly answered .
tr	6	A squeal of tires shattered the relative silence behind me .
tr	8	David paused before answering , pushing the long dark hair out of his face .
tr	7	" The plan seems sound , I foresee no difficulty , " Rafe 's voice was slow .
tr	10	Brand was so numb from the cold that he did not react to her .
tr	5	They went quiet , exhausted , terrified , yet relieved .
tr	10	You 've given yourself whiplash , haven 't you ? "
tr	9	Michael 's teacher complained that he didn 't pay attention .
tr	11	Hailey recognized the sound of a small body being dragged deeper through interior passages .
tr	7	There was a shout from behind them .
tr	6	Three seconds later , his arms wrapped around me .
tr	7	" I could do with something different .
tr	8	" I 'm sorry , but you 'd better come with me . "
tr	10	" I don 't know , " Lilly Ann said slowly while reluctantly relinquishing the issue of the Chronicle to Taylor .
tr	9	" Dash it , I think I 've cut myself .
tr	5	We were so worried ? "
tr	6	However , she still finds herself awkward with her school uniform .
tr	8	" Very well , " the Prince said simply , not understanding but not particularly caring .
tr	8	See you guys on the tee ... .
tr	6	" Neither can I. " Steve looked up at his brother .
tr	6	" Good , enjoy your day , " said Red Talon .
tr	11	" I though we might have a glass of wine after dinner , " he said .
tr	6	Rafe laughed heartily at that .
tr	7	Accordingly then , just the three of them set off back up the Brazos at daylight the next morning .
tr	11	The giant smiled at Margaret , revealing a double row of teeth in his mouth .
tr	8	The next morning , David was up early hammering on the house 's exterior .
tr	7	Luckily , he 'd misjudged the range , and his blade coursed by harmlessly .
tr	10	As he looked across its wide expanse , Chris remembered he hadn 't yet asked Sarah to the movies .
tr	7	We drove through and carried on silently up the hill .
tr	9	Another series of quakes shook the house knocking him to the floor and he heard a crash downstairs .
tr	8	Traffic was unusually light for the time of day .
tr	11	That was easier said than done .
tr	8	They all found resting spots while Rick checked his clothes .
tr	6	" Half an inch , huh ?
tr	9	" You try speaking in old Ukrainian yourself , clever clogs .
tr	8	" When we get back to camp , park the truck over by the garbage drums .
tr	10	The dragon remained motionless for many seconds , absorbing the heart , the power of the telepath into its own being .
tr	8	Taylor tried to cheer her up .
tr	6	Her voice low and controlled , she growled , " Keep your grubby , cow hands off them . "
tr	8	She paused , a sad smile dawning on her face .
tr	9	" Well at least I get to torture you too , my dear friend .
tr	11	Bet you wish you had three more ! "
tr	10	I hated that Alison had designs on Danny .
tr	10	She then looked directly at the camera and smiled wistfully ... she knew she was being watched .
tr	8	I held up fingers , counting to three .
tr	7	At such a young age , to lose my mother , the difficulties of that time I still carry with me .
tr	10	Maybe he just didn 't want to also kill his friends in the process .
tr	10	Alexa was tapping the side of her head against the window .
tr	6	The entire length of the cable glowed bright blue .
tr	11	" Are you coming inside to talk or not ?
tr	7	Vanilla beans and the sound of rain give way to something else .
tr	6	Sarah eyed the grey clouds from her kitchen window .
tr	6	What she saw , instead , was bad .
tr	11	Noel couldn 't believe the transformation that had taken place .
tr	8	The boys had to think fast .
tr	11	Do you know who the mother is ? "
tr	9	The wall panels are mostly open with wires and tubes hanging out everywhere .
tr	9	" I thought we could be together . "
tr	9	I was the one who told him to . "
tr	9	" I guess he couldn 't leave and he couldn 't stay .
tr	7	" Billy , " he startled them , " what are you doing ? "
tr	8	She carefully returned all of the articles to the puzzle box and closed the side hatch .
tr	7	They were gaining on him .
tr	9	" Well , let 's see what we 've got , " Ted said .
tr	7	As they fired up , so a decorative sash along their edges separated from the curtains themselves .
tr	9	I want to do something different .
tr	6	The long tongue , forked and dripping , flickered through the air above her .
tr	10	Do you need help out ? "
tr	9	All seemed to be in order .
tr	9	Flaherty felt as though an enormous weight had been lifted .
tr	7	You may be a caster , but I am a Creator . "
tr	11	I 'm heading to his office after I get off the phone with you . "
tr	7	He punched something into it and a giant metal sheet slid across the broken window .
tr	9	The girl immediately felt sorry for him and offered the staff bathroom to clean up .
tr	10	The sooner he could get these people off the planet and hand them over , the better .
tr	5	" We 're not home yet . "
tr	9	We need you at the house as fast as possible . "
tr	5	" A little bit country , a little bit rock and roll . "
tr	6	Put up a tent or something , will ya ? "
tr	11	We have all seen the miraculous speed with which she moves and leaps , and her prowess with the sword .
tr	9	" Sir , why would you think that I wanted any more assistance from you ? "
tr	6	" You 're wrong , Mike , " she said .
tr	7	The cruise ship construction industry had ground to a complete halt .
tr	10	But with this one , he acts differently , toying with her like a lion with a rabbit .
tr	7	I put another slug right through his eyeball , but the boy didn 't even bleed .
tr	6	In the name of -- " " In the name of your mother 's hairy tits !
tr	8	With a sigh , she turned back to her computer and began preparing a targeting and logistics package .
tr	11	I would guess that someone using four different colors would do so for a cheap dramatic effect . "
tr	9	Hell , might be us by the end of the day .
tr	8	" Let 's go earn some overtime . "
tr	5	Across the corridor , the opposite lift opened simultaneously .
tr	8	' Ok Derek , we 'll get some more air through , how many men are there with you ? '
tr	6	Up until yesterday , I had had similar doubts .
tr	6	Only my faithful servant sees me in my real form . "
tr	8	Josie watched as he drained another water bottle .
tr	8	Wasn 't supposed to happen . "
tr	11	" What happens if I choose to fight ?
tr	10	Every few days the little house was visited by a guest of an entirely different sort .
tr	10	That meant Orange wasn 't here on official business .
tr	8	Once at the tavern , Jolly Roger 's , she dismounted and a huffing and wheezing Napoleon was soon to follow .
tr	6	The taste in the air became bitter and sweet , a mixture of pain and longing .
tr	8	Sofia chuckled upon seeing the child .
tr	8	Dark curls peeked out from beneath her bonnet and framed a pair of pale , wide eyes .
tr	6	They were no further along with the two murders .
tr	11	Yet what stopped Tarleton 's hand floated on top of the water .
tr	7	" We met , or at least I introduced myself , but most likely you were sleepy .
tr	8	demanded Bishop looking at the general for verification .
tr	8	He went down to the cargo area to watch the loading .
tr	7	" The Morse has been hit , " the sensor coordinator announced .
tr	7	They perched on the two barstools , but VIN kept one foot on the ground for support .
tr	7	Give me a telegraph any day of the week . "
tr	11	It turned at their approach to maximize its remaining vision and raised its shield once more .
tr	7	I warn you , Brian , once you see this , you will never be the same . "
tr	7	Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	9	The bag twitched and convulsed maniacally at the end of her arm .
tr	7	As the speed increased , the controls became rock hard in Jonesy 's hands .
tr	11	" Wait till I tell Christy , her assignment was to find out if they played sports . "
tr	7	He glanced back toward the empty torch holder , but another flaming torch was burning there .
tr	10	There was nothing to be scared of .
tr	11	She stuffed one in her mouth , balanced three more on her plate , and went back to eating .
tr	7	He pinched himself and it hurt .
tr	7	I followed him , out of sight , one morning .
tr	8	Before Connor knew it Andre had hailed a taxi and was giving directions to the driver .
tr	9	You 'll be sore for a week , but no real damage .
tr	11	" So you 're saying we 're stuck here for life ? "
tr	8	With Anna supporting her grandfather on the other side , they started up the stairs .
tr	9	" Perhaps if you might lead the way ? "
tr	7	The explosion and the crater in the parking lot were attributed to a gas leak .
tr	10	I took the first set of stairs up two flights and followed the woman as she went to the right .
tr	9	Mariposa studied her for a moment , letting the words sink in .
tr	10	She had never imagined she would see him here .
tr	5	Not an elf , certainly , with that haircut or fashion sense .
tr	9	Claire stood up just as swiftly , to avoid coffee spilling into her lap .
tr	11	" It 's not like he 's that much help anyway . "
tr	6	" Not really , " Jack sighed , " But tell me anyway . "
tr	11	They made a point of speaking to each other every day no matter what .
tr	9	" That 's the last time I do that . "
tr	11	" Okay let me see if I 've got this right .
tr	9	As she left the room , Marja turned back to look at the princess .
tr	9	He tried to sit up and choked .
tr	10	He opened his eyes , and found himself in a world covered in a thick white blanket .
tr	6	" Oh , uh , " said a somewhat nervous voice on the other end .
tr	10	He looked puzzled " When Sir ? "
tr	10	Is this going where I think it is ?
tr	10	Karen sat down beside Lex and put her arm around him pulling his head to her chest .
tr	6	He watches out for you .
tr	7	With one flick of the switch , he could finish the commander off .
tr	6	Being on call for early Sunday morning usually meant processing run-of-the-mill Saturday night violence , not a demon mauling .
tr	8	" They saw them come up . "
tr	9	What if He wouldn 't let him into Paradise ?
tr	8	" Hey , you look kind of familiar , " she continued .
tr	6	You got the animals with you ? "
tr	7	With a last , loud , groan and cry , the bridge folded in the center and collapsed .
tr	11	If he was going to be stubborn , she would be too .
tr	9	Silence ruled on the ship as men listened to her .
tr	7	The undertow of the water slammed my head against the wooden ship and I blacked out .
tr	5	" What do you mean ? "
tr	8	I recovered fully and the governor of the fort sent a few men with me to help .
tr	5	" Gabe , just tell me . "
tr	8	Do I ever let up on you in the pool ? "
tr	7	We really appreciate you and love you for it . "
tr	9	He then extended a hand , as if to help the teen up .
tr	10	, ' Do I tear down my house and build a new one or not ? '
tr	7	Apparently he had been , and maybe still was , a gifted inventor .
tr	9	' They didn 't find any bodies in the Hummer or at the canal , ' Reid replied .
tr	11	Sylvia threw Zell 's attempt to be nice in his face .
tr	7	By my eye , Robinson though a wench , is actually the closest in stature . "
tr	10	What does it feel like to finally get up there ? "
tr	9	Sophia immediately opened her eyes and ran to find Mama .
tr	8	All we have is a single man 's sword and a single caster 's webs .
tr	11	It was a numbness he knew well , one he had nurtured for fourteen years .
tr	7	Yet if it is your wish , I will grant it . "
tr	9	I 've got a few other things going on , as you can imagine . "
tr	9	You 're right to call me .
tr	11	It is the heavy one , but I 'm sure you won 't notice that up here .
tr	6	" Since you feel unwell and ate so little . "
tr	8	John slammed the door of his truck behind him and inspected the damage to his truck .
tr	5	" Aw , Ma , I ain 't a little kid anymore . "
tr	9	Or make belittling comments that are beneath a man of your position . "
tr	8	Until we get to the last line , you 're just background noise .
tr	10	We will teach you how to best use your new abilities .
tr	8	Sorry to punch you in the feminism , but women just don 't behave this way . "
tr	7	Lilly Ann had hardly spoken a word during all that time .
tr	5	" Helmets on , " he called out .
tr	7	" You two can go now , " I said giving them another push .
tr	9	" So , I need you to do me a favor . "
tr	10	I don 't want to come between you two .
tr	11	I will do what I have to do .
tr	7	" We 've already been in touch with the PRC . "
tr	6	The purple shades grow dark as wine .
tr	8	Samantha was Reid 's ex-wife : despite their divorce five years ago , they still got along well .
tr	7	No one stopped to help .
tr	8	The man pointed up a staircase , and the Prince was off at once .
tr	7	They knew each other well perhaps too well considering their occupation .
tr	5	" I do not know ! "
tr	8	He could definitely feel his hair getting a bit drier .
tr	5	Halfway across , Malcolm stopped and the bridge creaked .
tr	10	They began rifling through each person 's possessions and clothing .
tr	10	Andy downed the bowl and then tried marmalade on toast but spat it out .
tr	10	" Did you just say what I think you said ? "
tr	8	He would just have to wait and see .
tr	8	Their taxi driver honked twice merrily and waited , still tapping the steering wheel to the rhythm .
tr	9	" So , Joe , tell me ... What 's the plan ? "
tr	9	She waited for us to walk out and greeted us with saying , " Hello Essa !
tr	11	" That 's good because I don 't want you leaving me either . "
tr	8	Her footsteps died away and Miriam became absorbed in her story again .
tr	6	All their holidays flashed past one after the other like a fairy tale .
tr	11	She must be the frizzy redhead in the middle , freckled and pale and no more than fourteen .
tr	7	She stared from me to her grandfather , her face pale .
tr	6	' Probably the boiler room or some other rusty iron compartment . '
tr	5	" I can 't - " " Yes , " Egwene said .
tr	7	He was gasping for breath .
tr	6	" Should I bring your food here as well , Captain ? "
tr	11	Matthew realized he had never said a word of German .
tr	8	The town was awakening from its slumber , Chris thought .
tr	6	And ... remember , I am not the French President any longer . "
tr	7	" My time here is short , and I must soon leave this realm . "
tr	9	Joe watched as Ted put more distance between them .
tr	9	Nelly said , hopping on one foot and holding her toe .
tr	9	Ron is wise , but as you know his game is politics and marketing spin , " said Alfred .
tr	10	Then she 's gone , and I 'm gasping for breath , tasting metal in my mouth .
tr	9	I didn 't trust my own senses , but every time I opened my eyes , the Trojans remained .
tr	6	I hadn 't even set my bag down .
tr	5	" Oh , my sons are alive and well , Babycakes .
tr	6	No trace of a scar .
tr	9	It was all she could do .
tr	8	she asked with a mischievous smile , as if she knew the answer .
tr	6	For her part , Claudette dropped the tea kettle in shock .
tr	10	They hoped she 'd lead their enemies into ambush .
tr	9	You must have been going out of your mind . "
tr	9	She does not want to assume anything yet .
tr	9	Turning , he watched the crazy man walk in , and he wasn 't alone .
tr	8	With such a perfect night , everything , we 'd been through seemed like a distant dream .
tr	8	" He was brought here against his will , " she said .
tr	8	Medallion in hand he summons his horse , mounting and spurring the steed back down the mountain trail .
tr	7	Sweat runs down his face , and his heart is thudding hard .
tr	11	There were more troubling things on his mind , like how he had not been entirely truthful with Elaina .
tr	10	The government put out the story that it was a gas leak from the local coal mines . "
tr	10	" You didn 't have to come back here , sir , " someone said cheerfully .
tr	5	" Ah , yes , the other committee members , " Catherine hedged .
tr	7	queried one of the men who sat directly across from her , " Were you hurt ? "
tr	10	I hope we can get them off that rock ! "
tr	6	He cleared his throat and spoke again .
tr	5	" I rather like the idea it reduces your risks , too . "
tr	9	Andy thought about what Tim had said .
tr	6	" What did the man talk about ? "
tr	10	In his mind things appeared to had turned chaotic .
tr	9	" I don 't know , " Taylor began , but Lilly Ann put his hand on top of her belly .
tr	5	He keeps his tone casual .
tr	10	" I think we 've got ourselves a winner , Joe . "
tr	8	As a noble , I think I have some pull . "
tr	11	She did not want an autopsy done because it was obvious what had happened .
tr	7	Though rusted and brown in sections , the coils of metal remain deadly sharp .
tr	8	" Blimey , what 's that awful smell ? "
tr	11	Lilly Ann had made you an enigma wrapped in a riddle every time your name came up .
tr	6	yelled a very angry Avery , " How can this be ?
tr	8	From the epicenter , an area of devastation extended for almost a mile in all directions .
tr	8	The most recent NASA shuttles , although twice the size of ours , worked with the first and second stages only .
tr	6	We must all stay together no matter what . "
tr	9	I get enough to get by .
tr	11	Sofia chuckled and said , " If that man had a face like yours . "
tr	6	" Sorry ' bout that , " she whispered into his ear with a smile .
tr	7	We got a job to do , okay ? "
tr	11	Amy , new to the art of rejecting boys , found the experience enlightening .
tr	5	" Please , I can 't - " " Stop lying ! "
tr	6	For the first time her voice was a little uncertain .
tr	11	" There 's the ' button hook , ' which is just bursting into the room .
tr	5	At the chimp display , the primates acted a bit differently .
tr	6	Turns out her day was almost as bad as his .
tr	8	He just jumped on his wife and started ... " Melody shuddered , " eating her . "
tr	10	Josie slid across the seat behind Jimmy , exiting on his side of the truck .
tr	8	He either lost the point of the whole exercise or didn 't find it all that instructive .
tr	10	I 've asked why so many times I can 't count them . "
tr	5	She was there all the time ... .
tr	7	A couple fell to the ground and Lucius picked one up .
tr	10	, hoping to avoid a lecture .
tr	9	I think they never cut the grass over there .
tr	10	" I just don 't know what I 'd do , all alone again . "
tr	5	" Thanks , Tim , " said Reggie .
tr	6	* * * On Avril 's birthday , she got her driver 's license .
tr	11	You were there , at the medical unit when your grandfather passed , correct ? "
tr	8	They insisted I stay overnight .
tr	7	Stepping past me , he continued his journey down the corridor .
tr	6	But what secrets were they hiding down there ?
tr	10	We 'd learned something from our eons of hibernation and it was how to organize .
tr	8	she cried , curling into a ball .
tr	11	Are you saying they 're possessed ? "
tr	6	" No , there 's a husband and a kid , too .
tr	8	Her eyes started to form tears .
tr	7	His long-sleeved shirt is soaked with sweat and clinging to his body .
tr	10	* I am allowed to bite .
tr	8	I will not have usurpers of His authority sleep in His Lodge ! "
tr	8	No need to falsely threaten me .
tr	8	" This is what their bacon looks like . "
tr	10	Let her think what she would .
tr	7	Their mutilated bodies were often found within days .
tr	9	There I will travel and successful or no , leave for the northern lands in two days . "
tr	5	" Adam , don 't ... " " Okay , I won 't . "
tr	9	Twenty grand bonus if you can help us get her to your higher altitude .
tr	9	I think that made him upset .
tr	9	In the distance were two humanoid figures , leaning against the trunk of a pine .
tr	11	That 's what he 'd seen in Thorpe 's greasy face .
tr	6	Wednesday 28th September 1983 On Wednesday evening Danny , Calvin and Raphael crashed through the front door .
tr	9	He had hummed the Lament for Corin , but it felt like a pitiful gesture even as he did it .
tr	7	He looked at her as if asking , " Are you sure ? "
tr	6	I slumped onto my bed .
tr	6	" I hear the waves , " Simon announced .
tr	6	After a long time he said : " Well , well , well .
tr	5	The blonde and red-head were only a few tables , away .
tr	7	Bobcat and Little Hawk then sprinkled yellow cattail pollen on it , and placed the sunburst branding iron beside it .
tr	8	Cade cursed himself for believing her ploy .
tr	8	Carlos and Kendall walked over , standing close to Josie .
tr	9	I cannot say whether you will die .
tr	9	It seemed that Byron was right -- he was a changed man .
tr	9	Gan woke them and explained what was happening .
tr	6	The problem will be Mr. Joe Public .
tr	10	It was just a feeling I had with her .
tr	7	' True , I 'll get her on it first thing Monday morning . '
tr	11	Stretches of disused land appeared on our right , graveyards for the corpses of burnt out cars and broken white goods .
tr	11	Gabe turns in his seat to look at me with feigned offense .
tr	10	The sirens that been blasting through the crisp morning air stopped abruptly .
tr	11	she asked , regretting the words as soon as they left her mouth .
tr	5	" That 's weird . "
tr	11	Marko shouted , " we need a different plan otherwise we 'll all perish this way . "
tr	11	But he didn 't expect the resistance of some unseen force from Camden 's left arm .
tr	8	" It 's okay , it is kind of yucky , I 'm just busting your chops .
tr	10	Mark quickly pulled an incendiary grenade off his belt , glad the creature couldn 't run that fast .
tr	6	" Just keep an ear out , " Gavin was back at my side , speaking softly .
tr	9	" You 're to receive thirty enlisted men , Sir .
tr	8	Next is THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE Chapter 1 The key .
tr	11	She nervously laughs , smiling as she pulls him back toward the maze .
tr	8	I wanted you all to meet her , too ! "
tr	7	When you delivered the code , your voice activated the program . "
tr	8	The restrained memories twist against their chains , screaming terrible things beneath their gags .
tr	9	She touched the journal reverently , her fingers lingering on the cover .
tr	8	" Hey , isn 't that why you called me ? "
tr	7	The dog was running fast and laterally to his position .
tr	6	And with Amadeo 's last breath , he whispered , " Forgive me , my brother . "
tr	9	Air is hemorrhaging from the jagged wound , jetting into space .
tr	10	For the first time Lady Adele felt slighted , that he should accord his horse more civility than her .
tr	7	" Stay inside , " he said , " at least until your parents get home . "
tr	11	I suppose I needed bringing down a peg or two . '
tr	6	Leaving his room he stood out on the landing , listening .
tr	6	" Something 's wrong , " Avril said , " but he won 't say .
tr	5	" Always such a gentleman .
tr	10	That I wasn 't a spy , that I wasn 't a danger to anyone .
tr	10	He thought about conferring with the boys again , but that would only be stalling .
tr	11	I would like you to be our man on the inside . '
tr	9	He got several good punches in and managed finally to struggle completely free .
tr	9	I see no area walled off for their use . "
tr	8	" I thought you did the long jump .
tr	8	He 's been amazing me for a long time . "
tr	6	There was a sooty mark , but despite the black stain , my scales were unharmed .
tr	11	Free me and I swear I will help you rescue Valerian .
tr	8	We eventually left the green valleys of France and began climbing upwards .
tr	10	I turned to Avril who shook her head .
tr	7	Besides , Mercedes had warned us of their ruthlessness .
tr	11	Steadily the small engine propelled them forward to a speed suitable for getting airborne .
tr	9	" What makes you think that ? "
tr	8	Rick ignored the looks from the other members of the his cabinet .
tr	7	Her lip was trembling a little , her eyes were empty and her hair fell down on her face .
tr	10	She wracked her brain as to the ' why ' of it but there was no answer .
tr	10	Her laugh sounded like a silver bell , sending flurries of butterflies into the air in agreement .
tr	9	" This says you live in Austin . "
tr	10	And whom did you sit next to ? "
tr	6	She listened , but the building was silent .
tr	11	Josie ran to the edge of the pool to see if Mark was okay .
tr	7	Turning right , he shuffled down the corridor towards the 20th Century Technology exhibition .
tr	6	Right now , let 's take it to them , for the Alamo , for Goliad ! "
tr	8	" No - they 're both in flight mode , " Josie answered .
tr	7	" We 're on McCarthy road or street , I 'm not sure which .
tr	9	Every couple of months , the staff were sent down the mountain for a few days to clear their heads .
tr	5	" A few , " Shannon flicked her hand dismissively .
tr	6	Rand permitted himself a small smile .
tr	6	The body of a man lay in the wreckage .
tr	8	" What do you want , gypsy jerk ? "
tr	8	Hearing it put that way , VIN nodded .
tr	9	He laid them on the counter and went to help her .
tr	6	" Buffalo Hump , " Hawk replied , and so saying , he spat furiously .
tr	8	" Let me finish unpacking and I 'll come , " Tori said and Stacy left .
tr	8	After a few goblets of sherry , that 'd be different , but every man has his vices . "
tr	9	" You 're the best brother I could have . "
tr	9	I just have to stick it in the microwave . "
tr	7	He heard the back door slam and quickly went back to his room .
tr	11	" I think you 've got the hang of it now .
tr	5	Not a complete fraud , mind you , not a full time fraud .
tr	9	Deep down , both Ted and Melody realized that they were just wasting time .
tr	7	" Oh , never mind all that now .
tr	11	Abbey asked , as she started to fill her empty glass .
tr	7	He made his way home , showered , changed , and then he left his apartment for the evening .
tr	11	Our breaths plumed the chilly air with small white clouds as we raced towards the boundary of the estate .
tr	11	He would tell her the facts , but his suppositions he would keep to himself .
tr	10	He was definitely going to look forward to the challenges ahead .
tr	7	The little boy 's voice trembled and Adele turned to Eda , her eyes wide with hesitation .
tr	9	This section of our mission will need a total of 33 flights , or five and a half months .
tr	9	She waited , imperious , until he quivered the arrow , then went on .
tr	6	And if you haven 't , you will .
tr	6	Thirty-five Shoes tapped on the kitchen floor .
tr	10	No one , absolutely no one , had ever dared to talk to him like that .
tr	7	" I guess I was . "
tr	6	" The pretty one , in the dance leotard , the one worried about time . "
tr	10	That 's what he wants you to do .
tr	10	" We came in over the wall , the way I followed you , " the Exile girl said .
tr	9	Bret was going to be a problem .
tr	10	" Let 's do it before I change my mind . "
tr	10	" I am glad to have the lady 's approval . "
tr	10	" In this I have experience , Finan , and I know that this path leads only to great heartache .
tr	10	Nathan picked up one of the rolls of duct tape and began sealing the edges of the door leading upstairs .
tr	7	I kissed the soft spot below his ear and mumbled , " Actually , I 'm just joking . "
tr	9	" Why is standing in the middle of the street to do it ? "
tr	9	He was living in the place as a chief .
tr	7	Taylor stabbed his elbow into Hunt 's rib cage .
tr	8	Not anymore , " she admits , briefly eying the shattered mirror behind her foe .
tr	9	" Godspeed , Admiral , " Jess responded , " and good hunting . "
tr	9	So many blessings to be grateful for .
tr	8	he asked me point blank .
tr	9	That was what Mac was waiting for .
tr	9	It dawned on me what he was getting at .
tr	11	" Will you not indulge me with your company this night , my King ? "
tr	6	A smattering of spruce , larch and pine struggled up the mountain from the pebble beach to the tree line .
tr	9	" Meanwhile put all the units on alert , but don 't tell them why yet . "
tr	7	She had obviously fallen asleep directly out of the shower .
tr	7	He took a deep breath , glanced once at Sarah , and began .
tr	6	" Kas , just get it over with , " Kali said next to me .
tr	8	I thought of my own gruesome deaths during the Battle of Vienna .
tr	11	It passed small scrub brushes , its nose going back and forth from sniffing the air , to sniffing the ground .
tr	8	Their nest is in the giant tree in the green yard .
tr	7	You see , our bodies , as all physical matter , are a highly focused form of energy .
tr	7	The Prince quickly stood , sword still held unsheathed in his bare hands .
tr	7	Tuck raised his hands in the familiar ' Touchdown ' signal and did a short dance .
tr	9	He had the front desk call up to the room , but no one answered .
tr	6	Taylor was not convinced yet .
tr	9	Why don 't they want you to do it ?
tr	11	He might be dead for all I know .
tr	10	I am so glad both of you are saved . "
tr	6	The tall boy looked guiltily at the floor , " Yes , I know . "
tr	10	Scott eased down off the porch then stepped toward his brother slowly , his gaze never leaving the pair .
tr	7	Now the fire splashed up the walls , raced along the ceiling and took hold on the settees .
tr	8	She asserts , her tone teetering somewhere between sarcasm and seriousness .
tr	8	He took a long draught from his tankard before remembering his guest .
tr	11	" But me mam needed help , same as you thought I did .
tr	11	Do you know where he is ? "
tr	10	Give her feet she was not born with ?
tr	10	He snapped the guide shut and stuffed it back in his bag .
tr	10	The two made eye contact for only a moment before the boy turned to run .
tr	8	Mrs. Hearst let her go , again swiping at tears under her painted eyes .
tr	8	The only way to see her was to get over there himself .
tr	7	" I borrowed some from Kali , " he replied curtly and turned his look away .
tr	9	God , we 've got to kill that bastard . "
tr	11	Beyond her shoulder , Seven could see his sister approaching , dressed in full officer 's uniform .
tr	7	Six feet from the mouth of the tunnel , the arrow finally gave .
tr	10	Their street was just a narrow lane of stone stairs , really , used only for foot traffic .
tr	6	They buried both her and Seamus that very night .
tr	7	screamed one of the protestors .
tr	11	Now VIN would have to use it as a real ladder and not just for floating handholds .
tr	8	He lost eye contact with Kimberly and when he turned back she was gone and the bedroom door was open .
tr	9	" We need to catch him by surprise . "
tr	5	" Bullshit , you little bastard , " continued the man .
tr	7	She lifted her head and looked straight at him , still in a daze .
tr	10	" Yes , I can understand how people must feel , " Mark reflected .
tr	11	A flood of flashlights sprang to life causing him to squint and turn his head to the side .
tr	10	The towers of fire have surrounded him , the all-encompassing inferno crawling closer and closer with every passing moment .
tr	6	" Why are they using Indian names ? "
tr	8	The index finger was up above the forehead , at the base of the hair .
tr	6	" It is not so much danger , as a presence .
tr	5	" Peace , " a male Mystic entered the room .
tr	10	He must have a heap of big houses like this . "
tr	7	Before , when I was human , I could do exactly one pull up .
tr	10	The moonlight hid the expression in her eyes but flooded her face , making her appear deathly pale .
tr	9	He could actually feel himself burning energy but there was no pain , no fatigue .
tr	8	Chris turned away , embarrassed by the man 's effusive introduction .
tr	11	" I was going to talk to you about that , " he said .
tr	10	" Just exactly what did you find ? "
tr	8	he hissed , " What if someone hears you ? "
tr	9	There was the color of the sea in his wide eyes .
tr	10	Shifting left , the sharp claws scrape against his right gauntlet , knocking him off balance for the moment .
tr	8	I got a shock as well , but could you please tone down the language all the same ? "
tr	5	" Did the other one have horses ? "
tr	7	Get used to it . "
tr	7	I am weak with pain .
tr	11	I swear that 's all I know ! "
tr	10	I 'd love to work in the city .
tr	6	She screwed her face into a horrible , mimicking expression .
tr	8	I myself almost died as I reached the fort .
tr	6	The hunger , " a voice says from far away .
tr	11	Fourteen Mason watched Amanda 's Mini pull away from the park , then checked his phone , again .
tr	8	" Okay , so the cops might laugh at first , but you could catch the angels on tape .
tr	6	Blue leaves on every branch .
tr	6	Wind , water , fire , noise , lightning , concentrated storms and upending earth were all wreaking havoc .
tr	8	It was thinner than a broadsword , and slightly longer .
tr	7	" Hurry , Simon , " Miriam said , sitting up .
tr	7	" I 'm so sorry , " I mumbled , then rushed past him .
tr	10	I 'm sure , if it were not for that , she would live somewhere in the Far East . "
tr	8	" About a mile down that trail there that leads south to Marion Road .
tr	7	' May I help you , gentlemen ? '
tr	7	The entire team was now dressed in khaki BDU 's .
tr	6	The two of them sat in comfortable silence the entire way back to the palace .
tr	9	Peter Brenner comes down from Leeds quite regularly to play golf , he 's a pro up there .
tr	7	As long as there was " Mac gas , " they would give off their own light .
tr	5	" You know , I usually see red or pink ones more often . "
tr	8	Iris had seen him like that before and it had been a long time .
tr	9	Mr. Clancy was there to assure them they were all true .
tr	10	They were heading to the top of the orchard , they said .
tr	10	" Did your king tell you of our negotiations ?
tr	10	There was a mark on his hand shaped like skull .
tr	8	Well that 's likely the highest compliment the sour old sore ever gave !
tr	8	Three Baskets pulled it the rest of the way out with her fingers .
tr	6	A sick feeling swept over me .
tr	7	Jason covers her wound with his hands and Aria 's blood seeps through his fingers .
tr	8	It be armed for killing .
tr	8	She got up from the table and left Viv finishing her cereal .
tr	6	" You can monitor his brain activity remotely ? "
tr	10	" Men are always trying to sneak time alone with her . "
tr	7	" Fifty percent ... 60 ... 70 ... getting light ... 85 ... .
tr	8	The sign triggered the emergence of a new influence on Mike 's inner dialogue : his stomach .
tr	8	Boston or Portsmouth or Quincy or any of a half-dozen more places . "
tr	10	This is hardly the worst that we 've been through . "
tr	7	A roaring heat swallowed her and something solid and icy smacked her in the head .
tr	5	The front door rattled , and I froze .
tr	9	They needed saving most of all .
tr	6	" Oh honey , you just aren 't my type , " Lance says and then giggles .
tr	7	" It doesn 't really matter in the long run .
tr	5	" Where else would I be ? "
tr	10	Now he had killed a man face to face for the first time ever .
tr	6	Did you get in trouble ? "
tr	8	It was a rhetorical question , but it brought silence to the room before he continued .
tr	5	In an instant , his eyes lost their wonder .
tr	7	" Just a few more seconds and you 'll be in bed . "
tr	11	" Yes , " the Prince said , stepping forward into the circle so they all could hear him .
tr	6	" I ... don 't ... care ... " Jim gurgled , " Just do it ! "
tr	10	She 'd be proud to hear one such as you praise her . "
tr	6	" OK , so we 're stupid and wasted your time .
tr	11	I watched the doorknob turn again and tried to quieten the rapid thuds of my heart .
tr	6	Not long after , the sirens grew louder in the distance .
tr	7	She withdrew her badge from her pocket and pressed it up against a flat metal panel .
tr	5	" Ah , the prime directive , " Taylor mocked .
tr	8	Fence Lizards hibernate for the winter , even in the casual winters of Southern California .
tr	7	" That 's impossible -- why would you say such a thing ? "
tr	6	At that moment a grinning heavyset bald man , with long arms , appeared next to Jake .
tr	10	He stood up shakily , but as his voice took on the High Shaykh 's formality , it gained strength .
tr	8	Relief flooded through the Prince 's body , and he spoke the rest of the ritual .
tr	6	The boy then tilted his head back , opened his mouth , and closed his eyes .
tr	9	That was the most genuine smile he had seen .
tr	10	He did know where they were .
tr	11	We were told outer space is about minus 170 degrees or so .
tr	9	He 'd just stood by the fire for a while before leaving .
tr	8	Connor watched intently for nearly a half hour as the police car and the guard stood watch .
tr	9	His ears were straining for any sound of someone approaching .
tr	11	Cox Davis tied the boat to the hoists and was the last to climb on deck .
tr	11	My brother and I own hunting lodges in the area , one not more than a few miles from here . "
tr	6	" Yeah , six kids instead of seven , but we didn 't really live together the whole time .
tr	7	he asked Tom for verification .
tr	7	Zachary drags the captain to the next console and throws him upon it .
tr	10	Something needed to be done about it .
tr	11	I 'd like to address everyone in town if I could . "
tr	7	I mean , I really didn 't know anything about this guy .
tr	8	Jonesy then explained to Maggie the different canister weights .
tr	6	In his new , red wool tunic , white breeches and polished boots , he did indeed look smart .
tr	7	Our enemies lay to the far north .
tr	10	" I am Captain le Roux and I am here to arrest you , Falcon , you and your men . "
tr	7	" Faith is more a spiritual feeling than a physical one . "
tr	7	My body cannot stand so much time away from my people .
tr	7	The Bastian driver spun the wheel of the Skoda .
tr	11	I know you tried to protect her .
tr	9	The golden object , forged in the shape of an old crone , was carved with eerie realism .
tr	6	" Well sir Gaspar , we have a few blister and such but nothing too serious .
tr	10	They kicked , cursed , beat the cold , mocking metal until their hands were swollen .
tr	7	The atmosphere appeared too strained for his liking , so he started small talk with Peter beside the larger group .
tr	9	" If you 're feeling up for it , I found this great bookstore with an incredible café next door .
tr	10	It was the woman from the picture in Mike 's study .
tr	11	He use a little amount of his ability to remove them .
tr	11	Sarah stole a look out the window to see the two shapes of John and Seamus in front of the barn .
tr	11	" Warrior , what have you done to yourself ? "
tr	9	His chest swelled , and his eyes took on , for the first time , a pleased look .
tr	10	The question was , who would have the resources to pull it off ?
tr	7	Another was a strangely curving tube labeled Stem .
tr	10	Simon 's mind instinctively focussed on the activities to be carried out that day .
tr	11	I considered you as one of my closest friends " replied Stefano feeling completely devastated by the betrayal .
tr	7	She snapped out of her trance , slipped the car back into gear , and pulled forward with a determined look .
tr	10	" Oh , we 'll never hear the end of that now , I suppose . "
tr	8	" You 'll never catch the train , " Simon said , looking at his watch .
tr	9	She had to call him in the morning to confirm everything .
tr	7	I 've told you before .
tr	5	" Yes , " she answered .
tr	8	" It was you trapped outside the gates that night wasn 't it ?
tr	11	He unwrapped his precious DNA scanner to take samples of a few native trees and ferns .
tr	10	I was so use to creepy old men hitting on me but this time it wasn 't about me .
tr	5	" Fine , " the class answered slowly and quietly .
tr	6	" Yes , and you do it well , " said Alfred .
tr	8	She knew she should scream .
tr	9	Just as there are people from my world down here , there are people from your world up there . "
tr	8	I have plans for that little bitch , " Lance declares viciously .
tr	6	They 're getting away . "
tr	9	Silence fell across the room while we stared at the information streaming on the display .
tr	7	He turned at the sound , and we clasped arms in solidarity .
tr	9	Why would you help us make a safe and peaceful city ? "
tr	9	" Yes , you 'd mentioned that you had something new . "
tr	7	You must be tired , and maybe just a little hungry ? "
tr	8	" Young Rho was the only one to return .
tr	9	Anna joked , not looking forward to the long , sad walk back .
tr	6	Simon looked from his mother to Miriam and Neil .
tr	11	Funny that I don 't really remember having family holidays .
tr	7	No , there 's no way around it .
tr	7	" He 's up there , in the bushes , " Kaylie pointed .
tr	8	" All I can say is what the legend tells .
tr	7	Voices from the path made Jeff and his quarry both sink back into the shadows .
tr	5	' Not yet , Mikael , ' I finally murmured .
tr	8	He stopped rubbing and slid his hands down the sides of my arms .
tr	6	Furious , desperate , Landon grabbed the man 's shirt .
tr	11	I asked hoping he 'd say yes .
tr	11	He heard two muffled shots behind him ; figured it was probably Iceberg firing .
tr	9	Utilizing every ounce of his strength , Rift throws a devastating hook , landing directly upon the armor 's vulnerable spot .
tr	6	Tracing her features , at once so like Persephone 's and yet so very different , he allowed himself a smile .
tr	6	In his pocket he carried his one month chip , in fact .
tr	6	How far ahead are we going in ? "
tr	6	Someone like him would have passwords , right ?
tr	7	Even morning after the pinky line , which would be the rising sun space , from his window .
tr	9	Yet no wound marked its body , there was no evidence to offer explanation .
tr	8	There was no mistaking who he was .
tr	8	She walked out , exposing creamy skin with each step .
tr	9	I just want to lease it , not buy it .
tr	9	The fault is theirs alone , and they have been punished for their crimes . "
tr	6	" So , Mr. Phillips , " he said , " how long have you known Mr. Pope ? "
tr	11	Shouldn 't it be our job to find the truth ? "
tr	7	The lawyers put that in place years ago .
tr	7	He gave it to me just before he left .
tr	10	Now it 's your turn to learn something different . "
tr	10	The sergeant moves forward while his men take up positions behind him .
tr	11	Claire awoke with a start , unaware that she had nodded off .
tr	7	Boris shrugged and his belly jiggled under the white undershirt .
tr	10	He did not wish her to pull away at the liberty .
tr	8	" They aren 't moving around much , but they 're out there , just like Laird Destro thought . "
tr	5	" Also , lose the hat .
tr	8	" Don 't hide it round here .
tr	8	A wall of white light formed in front of the children , deflecting the Spell Wizard 's fire bolt .
tr	9	" I worked from Victoria 's apartment , logging into NET with my old account .
tr	11	He frowned his eyebrows and asked while he was playing with a pen .
tr	7	" Thank God you did ? "
tr	10	Not that she could really bring herself to consider parting with them now .
tr	7	" I am so sorry for your loss . "
tr	11	Finally he forced his words out so quietly that it seemed that only his lips were moving .
tr	10	Roberto bit hard down on his jaw ; he could not afford to be soft .
tr	11	A few minutes later he heard an excited voice in front of him say something in Mayan .
tr	8	" The fighting was fierce , but when the warrior went down they dragged him over here . "
tr	7	A terribly sad end but not unusual in the carnage of the western front .
tr	8	The bluish purple instrument 's reflective surface shines in the light , bringing back memories of past adventures .
tr	8	It 's over and that 's the end of it .
tr	10	How can you do what you want in six short weeks ? "
tr	11	The house itself was tucked into a copse of fir trees , furthering camouflaging it .
tr	5	Gabe 's eyes go far away .
tr	9	And what was more , unlike many I was convinced of the rightness of the cause .
tr	6	" It 's your turn , " she said cheerfully .
tr	5	" What is it ? "
tr	8	It 's just ... usually I do most of the talking .
tr	7	" It 's just straight down that road .
tr	9	We 'll have to run some more tests .
tr	10	He rides to do exactly that as we speak .
tr	9	But when he turned his eyes southward he stiffened and caught his breath .
tr	9	Ainsley liked being tended to .
tr	8	Officially , you would be listed as my personal aid . "
tr	9	Mana pointed out at the sea , and Miriam screwed up her eyes and strained to see .
tr	9	I am free from sin ; I can feel Jesus in my heart . "
tr	10	All she has time for these days is the kids .
tr	8	" What , are you worried about getting your security deposit back ? "
tr	10	I said , " I been Doctor for ever , captain makes me feel all new and shiny . "
tr	10	We turned and followed the bodyguard to the back of the manor house .
tr	9	Anyone not holding onto something is suddenly flung onto the deck , including Jason and Aria .
tr	7	" He 's expensing his meals to terrorists ? "
tr	7	But today 's objective was reconnaissance and remaining undetected .
tr	8	She found some gloves and removed the vial of blood from the metal canister .
tr	9	" Will we be taking rock down to Earth ?
tr	11	When a chair was placed behind her , she had to stop herself from grabbing food and water simultaneously .
tr	10	There was simply no way to get them all .
tr	11	Wendy thought she was going to die .
tr	11	I was in the arms of the man I love .
tr	5	He , like the others , wore a white lab coat .
tr	9	So I took my purse and I left my room through the door , closing automatically by its self .
tr	10	You can rest assured that she is safe . "
tr	11	" I 've been told she thought of you as her own daughter .
tr	7	Walking across to the table , Duke picked up his phone and tapped in a message .
tr	6	" That , " said Ben , " sounds like Toby Cunningham .
tr	9	" But I usually build my own computers rather than wait for the big companies to catch up . "
tr	9	Bethany and the boys filed downstairs into the cool , darkness of the basement .
tr	8	I search for the fountain and find it , a marble lion roaring out a gush of water .
tr	6	" I was thinking , " answered Rafe apologetically .
tr	7	They always came in empty , stayed overnight , and left fully fueled the next day .
tr	8	" No sir , I wasn 't even here , sir , " the chief responds seriously .
tr	8	Toby absently drew imaginary lines between the planets on the Milky Way Galaxy wall with his index finger .
tr	10	Nevertheless , the man had to be kept in his place .
tr	7	People they met didn 't talk much , just kept their distance and continued moving .
tr	10	I 'd do it all day if it weren 't for school .
tr	6	I give you my word , I will never tell . "
tr	10	They stumbled and felt their way around the corner then flattened themselves against the rock wall and waited .
tr	8	" Write your name , address and date of birth on ' ere , " he said .
tr	6	" All gadget labeled , but you no use , " Lee King warned .
tr	9	My body froze up , and I couldn 't get my legs to move .
tr	10	Cautiously he followed the cart , which drew up behind the station .
tr	10	The signal had not started moving again , and Destro 's anxiety grew as they closed in on it .
tr	5	And in a high school election , you really need friends .
tr	9	I need to work through this . "
tr	6	A sorry waste of a man , a sorry waste of food , a sorry waste of my time !
tr	6	Nathan nodded , " Good idea , let 's do that .
tr	10	For twenty minutes ground control tried to pick up communications with their " lost " shuttle .
tr	7	They arrived back at the pass and made their way across to the other side .
tr	10	I will land the starship right next to Michael 's block of flats .
tr	10	While I searched for maps of the CNRS campus , Reid looked up the NCIC database and Interpol 's site .
tr	9	" You 'll pay for that , you little wench , " he snarled .
tr	9	Victor Isaac Noble thought about it for a few seconds and without a word nodded his approval .
tr	5	" Well then , me boy , " Sykes began .
tr	7	A couple more bullets struck the backend of the Jag .
tr	10	St. Mary 's not being in the center of town was a distinct advantage .
tr	9	They gathered the girls and their things , piled into the minivan and left for the school .
tr	9	The video made Connor look glorious and vulnerable all at the same time .
tr	7	Some of the bodies were clearly dead , others sadly were not .
tr	10	that 'll make their day if they show up , " he whispered .
tr	6	Probably not even the President , Kurt thought , without congressional authorization .
tr	5	What was hers -- debt , disappointment , lost sleep , and guilt .
tr	7	Over the mounting din of the quaking ground , they looked down into the valley below .
tr	10	Be glad they decided on this .
tr	9	It was mostly deep rolling hills on this side of the terrain .
tr	5	" But good or bad , I made my own choices .
tr	6	But not all of us ... follow him ... or seek his advice . "
tr	9	She tried to steady herself with deep breaths .
tr	10	He had a chance to be the hero , but just as Garo warned , he failed .
tr	10	" Do you have something against Newton ? "
tr	9	And then the tableau broke , and the girl turned to roll up the map .
tr	10	Everyone knows that we inherit the souls of our forebears .
tr	8	That was when he called out .
tr	7	On both sides of the road stood mighty trees of various kinds .
tr	8	Relieved of guard duty , Gabe steps outside and is soon arguing with his cell phone .
tr	11	Who knows , maybe they had insiders who were stealing things ; there were several locals employed .
tr	10	She had said help would find him .
tr	8	the one in the lead asked , as he smiled a decaying tooth grin .
tr	6	Most of the water just dribbled down her chin and bathed her chest .
tr	11	That wasn 't something I was used to .
tr	7	The three men looked at each other and then Nathan spoke .
tr	8	He pulled himself up on all fours and scrambled to Shock 's side .
tr	10	" Trust me , all American women have a little bit of John Wayne in them , " Sarah said .
tr	10	It was another woman looking at the rest of the scene .
tr	5	A voice , a human voice , and one he recognized , calling from the outer office .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	11	" When I realized you had complimented so sweetly on my ?
tr	8	" Is that a hole in his chest ? "
tr	11	Reid used the lock pick to open the door .
tr	5	The necessary cooling measures are , I 'm afraid , too costly . '
tr	5	The name " Man Wolf " was a favorite , all right .
tr	9	The seals for the massive internal hangar deck were complete and the ship had been declared operational .
tr	9	' This team needs to be small ; three , four men at the most .
tr	11	I was much more then traumatized , in that moments of terror Laurence died for me .
tr	7	Do now as I say .
tr	6	" The car is down the block . "
tr	7	" Yes , " the Prince said , " he hypnotized you . "
tr	7	There were faint , fresh black scuff marks on the dry stone floor .
tr	7	" He 's just alerting his owners , " David said .
tr	9	Mercedes offered our names and obliged us with introductions in return .
tr	9	There , they laid Black Scorpion on a pile of ashes , amongst the bones of fallen warriors .
tr	5	" Brave words , " agreed the barbarian , nodding .
tr	9	We traveled around to Paris , Luzerne , Bern , other places I don 't remember .
tr	10	But the rain was a welcomed sight , because it was much needed by the corn .
tr	10	" You do want to live !
tr	8	Missy assured them that the rumor was false .
tr	8	Clancy has told me much of you . "
tr	6	" Hello Duke , " he said with a smile .
tr	10	The iridescent face visor was spattered with the same hydraulic fluid as the bench and whiteboard .
tr	9	" Don 't you want me to cut you loose ? "
tr	9	It 's large enough to fit a body .
tr	8	" Not by blood , but in spirit , " smiled the Angel .
tr	6	After Joseph 's flight and exposure , the woman surprised me with her resolve .
tr	10	It was the first time that she heard him laughed .
tr	11	He sees much of himself in the puny human , a potential for greatness should he manage to realize it .
tr	7	I glanced over at Jolie 's table .
tr	5	All the playful greens fade away .
tr	11	The cook set up and was preparing racks of ribs for the cookout as late afternoon approached .
tr	6	" Such a hard time you gave me , " my mother would tell me every so often .
tr	6	She thought for a moment .
tr	10	It 's time ... That was when I heard a metallic sound cut through the room .
tr	7	The hunters split in three directions , and the bear followed the closest one .
tr	11	Then one night Natalie woke up to find him sitting on her chest .
tr	7	Normally his father initiated all the action , but maybe he hadn 't foreseen this .
tr	11	I am Gunther let me say .
tr	8	On top of the mound , she could just make out a bunch of wilting chrysanthemums .
tr	10	I didn 't know how to proceed , what to do , therefore I hugged him , kissing his cheek .
tr	7	Now , inky puddles of blackness lingered only in the most secluded places .
tr	7	She didn 't learn that from the bear . "
tr	8	Some were shaped like flowers and others like balloons or precious stones with delicate transparent walls .
tr	5	" Without a doubt , " she snapped .
tr	10	I didn 't care that she was scared too .
tr	7	" He asked for time off , " Stalin said tightly .
tr	9	The witch had luckily took hold of the pointy rock and saved herself .
tr	8	The Tenacious looked back at Bradley , but the boy caught a glimpse of indecisiveness on his face .
tr	11	" Now , ye shall be fighting as if this be for yer life .
tr	10	Wanted to make his father proud . "
tr	7	She 's in the states , and he 's in France . "
tr	10	I 'm confident he will recover fully .
tr	11	Suppose we go past the palace that way and run into more of those guards ? "
tr	5	After his first two calls this morning , Ice expected the same bleary answer .
tr	6	She stood up , the firelight reflected off her glistening body .
tr	9	Alejo was opening a little black fridge in the corner of the office .
tr	11	All units were specifically instructed not to enter the underground in pursuit .
tr	9	" But they want to keep their sources protected and hidden .
tr	10	I will be the fire to consume any iron .
tr	11	John interrupted ' JD , are you certain your men are ready for this ? '
tr	10	She lengthened her stride until there was space between her and the hand-holding couple .
tr	6	she guided him like mother duck .
tr	8	It adapts to its environment , any environment , so it 's essentially a universal transport system for any creature . "
tr	8	One was a qualified diesel mechanic the other specialized in unarmed combat .
tr	10	I suppose to Whitney I was .
tr	7	Ya see , the solar roof top is a set of hot panels , collecting both heat and light .
tr	7	Darkness grew quickly upon the land and the veil of shadow wrapped them within their cave .
tr	7	' I 'm still in town , not out in the country , " Andy thought .
tr	7	He placed the water carafe back on the table and handed her the cup .
tr	8	" That 's what I thought , but it 's not really a public division . "
tr	6	The more she read , the angrier she got .
tr	10	Isn 't that how it works in your world ? "
tr	6	And now in Lincoln only two years ago , the most dreadful occurrence of all . "
tr	5	" Well , hi , Karina , how are you ? "
tr	9	" It 's not our place anymore , since you spoiled it with Laurence . "
tr	5	To the untrained eye , they fit right in .
tr	5	" Well , a friend , " the young man acknowledged .
tr	7	' Besides , the knowledge would only have brought you pain . '
tr	7	I put the painting back on the wall , knelt down and peered under the bed .
tr	10	The hostel was six skinny floors , straight up , smack dab in the center of the market .
tr	9	Cade found himself trying not to smile at Darin 's vexation .
tr	8	He thinks I have a plan .
tr	8	The laughing girls didn 't seem to notice .
tr	8	" So , what do we do now ? "
tr	5	" Nay , in our world we do it all the time .
tr	8	And you 're a bulging muscle man with bronze skin , Jimmy thought to himself .
tr	8	" I hope that is good . "
tr	7	He was pale , drawn , and his normally engaging eyes were heavy and clouded .
tr	11	" Not start talking like you 've actually grown up . "
tr	11	There might in fact be a way for us to walk away from this .
tr	10	He felt frustrated that his plan had been thwarted yet again .
tr	9	Some dismounted and see off through the woods to find our attackers .
tr	7	The look on the girl 's face gave him hope . '
tr	9	Have to get to her .
tr	11	With a broad smile he said , " I 'd like you to meet Gabriella .
tr	7	I wrote out a long report to Allan and sent it back with the supply ship captain .
tr	8	He was average height and had a generally serious , but approachable look .
tr	8	She opened her eyes and felt the bus brake solidly , pebbles exploding along the pavement .
tr	6	Her dress puffed all around her .
tr	9	Damned if I know why .
tr	10	Of course , they would block both ends of a long bridge like this one .
tr	11	The end of the feather held , but it was met with unmoving resistance from the other side .
tr	9	Travelers have heard strange noises coming from the hilltop .
tr	6	" Who did all these drawings ? "
tr	5	" Yea , I 'm almost the same way . "
tr	5	Thad , your own priory , the so-called Grand Peer and King Gerald . "
tr	8	Andy had his shower and got dressed in the fresh clothes .
tr	10	He turned as Loot and Fire Cub were both wading back out into the water .
tr	9	I look at the animal now , concentrating on the shivering body beneath its bright , energy .
tr	10	" I guess that 's what fits .
tr	6	Sometimes , only an inch above the water , they held in a helicopter formation .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	10	If you prove to me that you are real , then I will believe . "
tr	6	Not for himself , obviously , since such things as vanity were above an Emperor .
tr	10	They came in from the north the river on the left ... still flowing ... . .
tr	11	I walked through and closed the door , hoping a neighbor hadn 't seen me .
tr	10	" Willie will be right over for the food order , " he said , " enjoy the beer ! "
tr	9	Tate was overwhelmed by the richness of the land .
tr	10	Scarlett wondered once again what happened to Thunder .
tr	8	They had enough to worry about .
tr	9	I turned as Jacob and Logan wandered towards me .
tr	9	Neil chewed calmly and gazing out to see .
tr	10	I sent their description out to the French police -- wanted for questioning in a terrorism investigation . "
tr	6	Beneath all that bravado , you 're not very brave at all , are you , my little warrior ? "
tr	7	" Well , sir he would draw up his own monetary instrument , and he 'd pay the men ! "
tr	6	The news was spreading ; Amira and her ilk were no longer a secret .
tr	6	Other than that " - she shrugged - " that 's pretty much the whole story . "
tr	8	The sisters had walked through this magical wood for a little while and were both feeling a little bit hungry .
tr	9	" Remember what happened to the Kirkham brothers from Hull ? "
tr	11	We had ridden to the docks earlier that morning to retrieve the Chevy .
tr	8	His voice sounded strangely detached even to my own ears .
tr	7	He finally managed to say .
tr	9	Not a good sign that he split from his team .
tr	9	" You don 't know that , " insisted Joshua , " they could have been folks just like us . "
tr	9	I was so excited I accidently slammed my bedroom door .
tr	10	This is much to Cisco 's delight , but he demands that I rest as often as possible .
tr	8	I 've memorized most of my history textbook .
tr	5	At school , " Tommy answered .
tr	9	VIN shouted back and he watched the thrusters push downwards again .
tr	7	He has a very large solid frame , white hair and a pockmarked complexion .
tr	11	He told them he was there if they needed anything .
tr	6	Shut up , I think back .
tr	5	The king and his companion were simply too far away .
tr	5	Just Darren and Morgan , not Ms. Chase and her hunky assistant . "
tr	9	As I watched the vehicle trundle off into the distance , I became acutely aware of how alone we actually were .
tr	11	" Thank you sir , but you know I don 't know anything about tanks . "
tr	10	' He needs to talk to the Bastian Councils , as well as the Assembly .
tr	6	But you should know ... I still like Cruz , and I make up my own mind . "
tr	7	Then , as quickly as the avalanche struck , it was gone .
tr	10	Nathan and his family were walking in the West Virginian Appalachians in late fall , but this was also a blessing .
tr	9	" How can such beauty and spirituality exist in such a city as this ? "
tr	9	Is there anything that we can do for you ? "
tr	11	They slowed their pace and started taking extra precautions not to be detected .
tr	6	Such a smarty pants , but then again , it was a dumb question .
tr	5	A display for some sort of religious artifact .
tr	11	All he 's got to do is learn to hang on . '
tr	5	The further Rift ventures inside , the less shadow beasts he encounters .
tr	6	" Perhaps nothing , but his name is on a watch list . "
tr	10	These were people who had become my friends .
tr	10	People who had no regard for life .
tr	5	" Plenty , and the Coast Guard Auxiliary patrol it all the time . "
tr	9	" And that was all well and good , but I want to fight , " I insist .
tr	9	Accepting them graciously , Link suddenly feels uncomfortable leaving things as they are .
tr	8	Conway tried to analyze it .
tr	6	Transportation , communications , food , housing and water were all gaining ground .
tr	10	The campus fell silent , blanketed under the still falling snow .
tr	11	He had been right to not make a run for this door .
tr	7	" I am a farmer by birth . "
tr	5	Fear , shame , hatred , guilt , helplessness , sorrow , grief .
tr	8	Not at the start of November , he thought as he padded down the aisle .
tr	8	He smiled wickedly at her , and for some reason she blushed furiously .
tr	10	They left at midday , the Audi rested and ready to go anywhere , even on dirt roads .
tr	8	" Let 's go to sleep , we need to get up early tomorrow .
tr	10	" Sam and I went through Annapolis together and now I 'm party to a plot against his kid ?
tr	9	" How do you know it was pleasant ? "
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	9	We encountered people just barely hanging on to life living in appalling conditions .
tr	10	Make sure they 're alright , she reasoned .
tr	10	It was not that short and spiky that adds charm upon his promising face .
tr	8	Are you following me ? "
tr	8	' Okay suppose we do sign .
tr	10	She swallowed and asked , " How long -- " " I don 't know .
tr	8	It was part of the living room he had sat in with his family and their framed likenesses .
tr	10	Jenna thought she had gone blind .
tr	11	He held the corner of a piece of paper absently , watching the four of them approach .
tr	10	He was not afraid of doing the small , mundane stuff with them .
tr	10	The flicker of movement came again , the tapestry to the right swaying slightly .
tr	7	But he would never make death threats on innocent teen girls .
tr	6	She normally only works on Mondays and Fridays , but with any luck she 's available now . "
tr	8	" And what are we permitted to do ? "
tr	11	my eyes began to slowly close as I lost consciousness .
tr	7	" You 're not wearing a tee shirt , " he whispered .
tr	5	" And our missing employee has finally surfaced .
tr	10	She smelled the sweat droplets arise on his face as the sun advanced .
tr	7	This time the officer was not former Force Recon , but Air Force , and again they were lucky .
tr	9	" You knew that would happen " I said .
tr	7	' Our scientists are still doing tests on her .
tr	5	Strong , smart , brave , inspiring , incorruptible ; a peerless swordsman .
tr	8	You 've heard of Cotton Barons , haven 't you ?
tr	11	" You did say the mission was a success , right ?
tr	10	Then , sprinting through the gauntlet , I leveled my shoulder and hit the glass without waiting for the others .
tr	7	One of them , the Indian gent , pushed his way to the front .
tr	8	For a terrible , beautiful moment , my being was transfixed , and breath would not come to me .
tr	8	Connie and I took the dingy , rigged the sail , and headed into the Custom 's wharf .
tr	9	At her abbey they simply called it battle sweat ; it was unmistakable .
tr	11	They took turns stepping with their one good leg .
tr	9	" Keep walking with me but clear your mind and close your eyes .
tr	8	Beverly stands from her chair and stretches , an amused look on her face .
tr	10	He is always performing some feat or another for my family , and my father cannot love him more .
tr	7	He noted coldly , and he got a cold smile in return .
tr	9	I used to follow you around all the time . "
tr	8	The lone sentry eyes her suspiciously as she advances into town .
tr	10	It reminded me of the guy standing along side the road with the sign " Will Work for Food . "
tr	9	" It was the same storm that sank the Lady Grace . "
tr	10	I close my eyes , but I can still feel the skin pulling away from my palms again .
tr	9	Having sealed the letter he set off to post it in the local post box .
tr	11	Maybe even hitting the mainland , if what the coin guy said was true .
tr	9	They did a final check of each other 's chutes , the red light came on .
tr	10	" I wanted to see you before it happened .
tr	9	She was a kind , clever and very energetic girl and all her patients loved her very much .
tr	8	" Did any of them say Ruben ? "
tr	6	After a moment though , Rafe pulled back .
tr	11	" I , er , actually I planned to take a walk around the island with Riki today . "
tr	6	His second smiled and continued with the conversation .
tr	10	" The physical world is made of the pillars , spun together in complex webs .
tr	10	Although he was doing nothing of the sort .
tr	9	So they decided to go up on deck .
tr	8	the Prince asked , motioning off to their right .
tr	6	Mr. Finch inclined his head with a sage smile on his face .
tr	8	That next thought beat urgently against her dazed brain , and she tried to focus .
tr	9	We went slowly towards it ; I took a seat in front of her .
tr	7	" No , we were far enough off the road to ... " " Not you , Phillip !
tr	11	There was silence from the mountain man before he emitted a final rumble , evidently dismissing the talker .
tr	7	With a look towards the king , the executioner nodded .
tr	9	" I promised to help you out , and that 's exactly what I 'll do .
tr	9	You wish you were not my Watcher , you never really loved me .
tr	6	Malcolm stepped closer to me .
tr	9	She found Katherine and Calvin ready to leave .
tr	10	Also why is the copilot going to be flying the C-5 ? "
tr	6	Mark caught the cane with his left hand .
tr	10	" How came he to know of it ? "
tr	11	He hadn 't expected to be carried in luxury .
tr	10	Don 't know how you drink that stuff , " he replied .
tr	6	she waved her arms around broadly for effect .
tr	8	The reason for this was that he and Chief Broken Bow were political enemies .
tr	8	" You know doctor , we found a great deal more than just technology floating above my dead planet .
tr	9	And planning to wear them .
tr	9	" When it comes to her , caution is irrelevant , " Jason assures .
tr	7	He extracted a short , stout bottle from an interior pocket and waved it about .
tr	11	I wish the thing had some kind of parental control -- " " It does .
tr	9	Even if he was crazy and had lost it , I couldn 't let him die for me .
tr	7	And how can you be from both the east and west at once ? "
tr	6	Courtney Cole 101 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Everything , " he answered simply .
tr	7	" Ah , thank you laddie , " he said , taking it .
tr	7	He leaped out of bed and ran to the door .
tr	9	The man at the cycle hire shop isn 't going to like this . '
tr	8	Are you really thinking of killing the guy ?
tr	5	" He 's angry . "
tr	9	I told the family our intentions , and nearly all of them clapped with expectant joy !
tr	7	Had he laughed at her or pitied her ?
tr	11	Several voices began talking at once , but Butch rode over them by continuing to talk .
tr	8	This time she comforted him , wrapping her arms around his waist .
tr	11	Destro looked up and saw Nirvana begin to move .
tr	11	He lifted the sash window , clambered over the sill and turned to catch the keys of the Cruiser .
tr	7	It too was made of gray stone .
tr	8	" This way , Elaina , " Landon called quietly in front of her .
tr	7	He just sat there , motionless , with his mouth agape , staring at the pilot .
tr	6	A shiver ran from her toes to her scalp .
tr	6	Finally , they reached safety on the rolling deck .
tr	6	I missed my friends and my mom .
tr	10	He made it halfway through the wheat fields leading up to the black wall , and then stopped .
tr	6	" It almost sounds human , " Jan said quietly .
tr	9	She tried the side drawers of the desk , but only the top one opened when she pulled it .
tr	11	It was totally empty and a bartender was cleaning glasses as they sat down at the bar .
tr	8	The road they needed to take soon .
tr	9	Gerald said , " Reckon the whole islands this way , everybody bought it ? "
tr	11	David began to move in the direction of the camp .
tr	6	He opened the panel , changed a fuse and tried again .
tr	10	Closing the door behind him and noticing that it closed with a satisfying clunk .
tr	7	His breath fled his body and left him standing , transfixed , watching the dark wings flap .
tr	10	the leader demanded , jabbing forward with his gun like a spear .
tr	7	The General sat down at his computer and a few minutes later he looked up from the screen .
tr	6	When he reappeared , his face and locks were damp , his chest glistening , his stride sultry and relaxed .
tr	9	They heard the busy sounds of a large camp , drilling and shouted commands .
tr	7	Elian looked down at his muddied boots and felt hot bile reach up into his throat and bubble against his tonsils .
tr	5	" A most honorable sentiment , my dear , and I fully applaud your generous nature .
tr	6	All the boats at the small marina were present and accounted for .
tr	11	Kiara stated , in an attempt to cheer up Simon " Thank you .
tr	6	He went down on his back like a great , felled pine .
tr	11	She looks up at the massive dragon towering before her with pleading eyes .
tr	8	Before Rick could stop her , T answered , " That is a relative question , Kaylie .
tr	8	Reaching the wooden pontoons she kicked her shoes off and raced for John 's yacht .
tr	7	Not sure I wanted to know .
tr	9	There was a trace of suspicion in his tone .
tr	10	" Okay , what do you want to know ? "
tr	7	" Arrow has left dock , " Jason observes pointing out the screens .
tr	7	" Give me the bag and I 'll help you up . "
tr	8	Since the beginning she had been nought but trouble to him , and yet he had been so kind .
tr	9	" That 's my punishment for being your friend . "
tr	10	She couldn 't let them know what really happened .
tr	11	" You did two things wrong with the memory you put in my head .
tr	8	Bypassing a rack of tourist leaflets I walked over to the lounge on the left past the reception desk .
tr	11	It howled upon finding itself bound by the braided leather cord .
tr	5	Broken bones , horrible bloody wounds , tumors , diseases , and the list went on and on .
tr	6	The objects you gave us resonated and bond themselves to us without our consent .
tr	7	" I need a one way ticket to Washington , DC . "
tr	8	" She should be downstairs on the couch . "
tr	6	" There are certain things that - " Celaena began , but the princess shook her head .
tr	6	" It 's always fun , isn 't it , a different bed , different rafters overhead . "
tr	11	The Book would be better explanation , better proof for the two of them .
tr	7	She sat back , folded her hands , and fixed him with a steady gaze .
tr	8	" Just don 't get your hopes up brother dear . "
tr	11	I asked Phillip as he appeared from the bar and restaurant .
tr	11	She started to rise from her chair then sat back down .
tr	10	We will be able to get there sooner .
tr	8	Scott looked down at the little girl 's face and saw pleading there .
tr	6	As I spoke , I withdrew the footman 's pistol from my belt .
tr	6	People were celebrating , the atmosphere was gorgeous and people were loud and excited .
tr	11	Despite realising his mistake he knew he 'd forever regret not making it .
tr	8	The doctor held him under the arms , while the assistant held his feet .
tr	7	" Unfit , Mr. Noble , I believe your name was ? "
tr	10	When that happens they will escort you back to where ever you please .
tr	10	They were unlikely to live until midday .
tr	6	My father settled here along with a few others from the first TDF survey team .
tr	8	He left me to guard you . "
tr	11	Some man sneaks towards us in the darkness , and you expect me to know who it is ?
tr	11	Let her know I said hello . "
tr	10	There was no talk about returning to the old site .
tr	5	" But without the Twins , how we make money ? "
tr	6	" You took her soul , " Riyad said , his teeth clenched tightly .
tr	9	" Close the door , " he said as they swept into his office .
tr	8	" I thought that we liked Finn ? "
tr	10	Do you feel any ... different ? "
tr	7	I pushed the thought from my mind and focused simply on my survival .
tr	7	An arrow cut through the smoke and sped right towards us .
tr	8	He waved with joy as if guiding a 787 Dream Liner in for a landing .
tr	8	The men greeted him as he floated past .
tr	6	Because Adam fascinated me , and not merely his face , that body , his brooding , secretive manner .
tr	6	Don 't forget that . "
tr	7	With a sparkle in his eye Raphael said , ' She sounds alright to me . '
tr	11	" Do I have to get up ? "
tr	9	The shadows began to appear one after another , chasing them in swift movements .
tr	6	Within a few moments , the dulcet tones of an orchestral ensemble drifted through the apartment from her small speakers .
tr	11	He pulled away from his patient and moved quickly to intercept David in flight .
tr	7	My mind blocked , and I felt something cold on my forehead .
tr	7	- Take three weeks off , my dear , we will not see us soon again .
tr	8	" Arana is his nickname and he lives on the plantation , now let my daughter go . "
tr	6	Every time a hoof hit the ground , she felt a white-hot sensation shoot from her elbow to her shoulder .
tr	5	In fact , they were nearly the same shape and size .
tr	9	The man in the middle was the shortest , bald as a cue ball and about as round .
tr	7	Alejo turned towards him as if in daze .
tr	11	Their eyes so tightly locked on my legs I 'd need pepper spray just to get 'em to blink .
tr	8	I gripped his shirt , not letting him go .
tr	7	Nothing stirred , so he slipped out the door and down the stairs .
tr	11	Elly wondered if he were as brutally strong as he looked .
tr	10	She then carefully took hold of the tumbleweed using both hands and tugged .
tr	10	She felt as proud as if she 'd laid them herself .
tr	8	Everything had to be perfect .
tr	11	" Of course I admit to playing golf on both courses but I had nothing to do with your killings .
tr	7	Next , he withdrew a hidden rapier from the cane 's innocent facade .
tr	9	Wounded Eagle and Wolf Eyes both rose and bowed to one knee as the chief exited the room .
tr	10	He had forgotten about getting shot , and groaned .
tr	11	You need to slow it down and let her see it .
tr	9	They would have time if nothing went wrong .
tr	8	I took aim a second time and shot out one of the rear tyres .
tr	8	If the creatures had him uncomfortable , this nearly made him swallow his tongue .
tr	7	But next to the huge and supremely self-confident Goliath , his hopes looked pretty slender .
tr	10	' But Sir , are we going to just leave them here ? '
tr	7	She wasn 't convinced , I could see , but she turned away and ignored him .
tr	11	His body bounced as it hit the ground , sliding across the wet stones .
tr	11	Finally , she knew she would have to act .
tr	6	The corner of the table promptly fell off and onto the floor .
tr	11	he laughed as delirium started to set in .
tr	6	Silver and black rays energize from her hand , dissolving the lock to a river of liquid .
tr	9	Gan stopped as if he 'd hit a wall .
tr	8	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ CHAPTER TWENTY At the Last Moment " Move ! "
tr	9	He got plenty of attention from college scouts , but most thought he was too small .
tr	10	She turned to look at Mike but spoke loudly to the people gathered .
tr	10	On the whole , it was easier to sit and be quiet and hope to be ignored .
tr	5	" By the way , why are you still here ? "
tr	8	Meet me in the kitchen in an hour . "
tr	10	He was riding as if his life depended on it .
tr	8	" Get in and go in hell , you cheap slut . "
tr	6	I 'll take that one . "
tr	10	This gate could be well defended in case of attack .
tr	11	He watched , as the hole of light on the ceiling moved away and disappeared .
tr	8	" Probably would 've spent it on wine anyway . "
tr	8	Never to do this again .
tr	7	He actually got up and went down on one knee .
tr	8	We went straight to Connecticut from Tennessee to figure out the situation .
tr	7	Again , the look of deepest loss clouded his eyes , and it startled me .
tr	11	He murmurs an apology , and I only catch a glimpse of wavy hair tamed with a ball cap .
tr	11	Unable to hold back the rush of sadness , tears started streaming down his face .
tr	9	Buttons of various sizes and colours were positioned along the edge of the table .
tr	8	That would definitely be framed and end up on my mantelpiece .
tr	7	At the bottom of the well , maybe fifty feet down , the pale green glow of the grate shimmered .
tr	5	" Me , Belinda , the interviews , the sales girl , the assistant . "
tr	9	" I rather thought you would think so , Lady Adele . "
tr	8	Much of that part of her childhood was erased from her memory now .
tr	10	" Guess I 'm good with the NRA now . "
tr	8	A few moments later , supported by the missing Euros and Pounds , the suspicion was confirmed .
tr	8	The three of them left the Elder , running for the door .
tr	8	I laughed , slapping him on the back .
tr	9	" It isn 't much of a city , is it ? "
tr	7	The girls pitched in and they soon had the table set .
tr	11	I sighed and putted my hood on my head , to not be soaking wet until I will get to him .
tr	5	" Of course sir , " he said and walked down the hallway .
tr	10	As he pulled it out , the other bottles shifted and thumped loudly against the sides of the cooler .
tr	7	She 'd never leave without her hiking boots .
tr	9	She turned to look at Liam .
tr	5	" Eight blade and sternal saw , STAT ! "
tr	8	The Prince , startled by the word , pulled up short ; the guards blinked and faltered .
tr	9	She was not sure what to do .
tr	8	" Because the Security Wolves would kill you the second you tried . "
tr	10	Please fasten your seat belts 'cause this is gon na be a bumpy ride . '
tr	5	" Who was that ? "
tr	10	After waiting awhile the two Lizards crept close enough to feel him breath .
tr	11	The data we recovered would astonish even you I think . "
tr	5	" Kate , I - " " It doesn 't matter . "
tr	8	I hope the flag doesn 't flutter .
tr	10	" We could start at the exact center of the ship , " he had suggested .
tr	10	Drew hesitated , wondering what to say .
tr	5	" Among my people , a pack leader handles such matters . "
tr	9	We started to laugh and we couldn 't seem to stop .
tr	7	Together , we hauled our trunks down the stairs and deposited them upon the landing .
tr	6	" Bullshit , the engine still works and the axels are fine .
tr	9	The council meeting he just fled from was going nothing like Reggie wanted it to .
tr	6	In casual khaki pants and a light-blue , untucked tailored shirt , he looked like a magazine ad for casual wear .
tr	7	Kaylie whispered , still smiling that happy , fun smile .
tr	5	" The boy 's tellin ' the truth , Miss McKenna .
tr	7	But I saw no overturned tables or fallen lamps like on television .
tr	9	He left the camp and traveled back in the direction of the burned out village .
tr	6	" Sir , " said the lieutenant with obvious relief .
tr	5	" Let 's hope not , " Tyler agrees .
tr	10	" They will have to ride back here , " he told her .
tr	11	I 'll show you , what is and isn 't allowed !
tr	11	Archie and Chalky were talking as if they 'd only seen each other a few days ago .
tr	8	A smile crept across his face ; he was proud of himself .
tr	10	" But , how did you know what was in my trunk ? "
tr	5	Eda 's voice betrayed her surprise .
tr	7	They serve only the dark forces and dark lords of this world . "
tr	5	In his hand , he held a small , flat , square box .
tr	7	" But it has spoken to you .
tr	10	" We need to get out of here , " said Raymond .
tr	5	How much time do you want ? "
tr	7	" Oh , pay no attention to it ; it 's just her natural feminine curiosity .
tr	11	He could understand why he hadn 't brought along his board members .
tr	9	On the face of the pendant was a series of figures made up of dots and dashes .
tr	9	The words floated , hovering nearby , but I couldn 't quite catch them to speak .
tr	6	Come on now , drink this . "
tr	7	Logan even walked around , scrutinizing me .
tr	7	No man is above his own ideals , and I can be a hypocrite too .
tr	6	" Is she for real ? "
tr	6	" You 're right , " she said with a smile .
tr	8	" I 'm on a special assignment for Happy Cola .
tr	11	I suppose we need to move then .
tr	7	The group had no choice but take a trip through a dark and twisting alleyway .
tr	7	" Until they work out the math , Sir , " Vapor responded .
tr	11	At least , that 's what I did but these people are proper friends now .
tr	8	I said , staring unwaveringly at the immortal .
tr	6	" Lay your rifle down , Mr. Gage , " Harrison commanded .
tr	8	He finally stood there panting from the concentrated effort .
tr	9	I was glad to have her company .
tr	6	You lot keep your pompous noses up so high , you 'd never see her .
tr	5	He shrugs away my hand .
tr	5	" No , Kaylie , nobody has .
tr	9	Trying to stay busy . "
tr	9	This was harder for Red Talon and Wolf Eyes than it was for the young braves .
tr	7	The old man screamed again and dropped to his knees .
tr	9	I promise we can do this .
tr	10	He shifted into reverse and started to pull away from the kerb .
tr	9	When he turned to her finally , out of breath , his eyes were again that dark ochre colour .
tr	6	Reaching the river bank , he didn 't even break his stride .
tr	6	" A year away from home ? "
tr	7	It 's already frustrating for me .
tr	11	I 'll have to think of some more , " Ted replied .
tr	9	Ready to strike her brazen ally down , the sudden change in scenery finally eases into her perception .
tr	5	The old trees and thick undergrowth did not improve .
tr	9	' Whatever they have , they 're carrying it in transport containers in four silver cases . '
tr	10	He still walked fast ; Lynn didn 't have to slow down .
tr	11	I think we may have already lost him . "
tr	10	" Nothing will bother us if we stay with him . "
tr	5	" This news is not good .
tr	6	" Nothing happened , " Josh said , a bit too quickly .
tr	10	It made his own head want to explode .
tr	8	We have to protect the sheep . "
tr	9	" Yep , " Alejo nodded to him , mouth turning up .
tr	6	" You move another step and you 're dead . "
tr	7	He cast a quick glance around and nodded in agreement .
tr	11	I do hope he 's competent . "
tr	8	He instinctively planned to protect and expand his new abilities .
tr	6	" And when shall I meet her ? "
tr	9	" He 's so lifelike and insightful , but you know he 's a machine .
tr	6	In less than two-dozen heartbeats , Lewis Todd had nearly leveled the room .
tr	9	" It seemed a lot warmer , but I was so excited that I really can 't remember . "
tr	6	" Just as you predicted , it all went downhill from that one good hour . "
tr	11	You have a lot of catching up to do . "
tr	9	He was developing more of a paunch and he was definitely getting a little thin on top .
tr	10	I was only able to deflect it , and the blade slid downwards , the point burying itself in my leg .
tr	7	" The dominoes of destiny are now tumbling ... Godspeed , David . "
tr	9	I felt her pulse , fast and light , throb just beneath her skin .
tr	6	" So you 're not immortal , but your kind clearly lives a long time . "
tr	6	Taking a deep , calming breath , she threw back the covers , then gained her feet .
tr	9	The pirates shielded their eyes as they ran back to their ship .
tr	7	" We , uh , we don 't talk about it .
tr	8	And she was always wearing the most fashionable dress of the season .
tr	8	" To long have we cowered behind the pretense of peace .
tr	8	He stood up and dusted off the knee of his trousers .
tr	10	I think that you 've been spot on so far . "
tr	7	Bethany put her hand over her heart and laughed nervously .
tr	5	" In the long run , maybe things are better that way . "
tr	8	He goes where he wants , he does what he wants and he takes what he wants .
tr	7	He leapt towards me in the gloom , his sharpened teeth barred .
tr	7	Zeal , of course , had a different perspective , and she made her sentiment clear .
tr	6	" This is undignified , " he grumbled , but ate the sandwich anyway .
tr	9	" Now then , perhaps a repast while we discuss things , eh ? "
tr	5	A few broken ribs , a moderate concussion , and your left eye are the only real problems .
tr	11	Andy went back to the jeans and began to cut off the brass button above the fly .
tr	6	" Then you should - , " Will began , and broke off , his voice altering .
tr	7	" The magical fields are as follows , " she continued , " Spirit Defence , my personal specialty .
tr	11	They told him of the alarm that upset the surprise attack and of the many Creeks that escaped .
tr	9	Elaina had been too nauseous to eat .
tr	11	He had known he could count on his friend .
tr	11	" Are you not surprised to see me ? "
tr	9	There he rides , bold as he can be , a murder and thief .
tr	10	It raced out , spreading as it did so .
tr	10	Archie started a gentle climb as the foothills got steeper and grew into mountains .
tr	7	A grim smile dawned on the immortal 's lips .
tr	7	He studied the new force carefully and in that effort forgot himself .
tr	6	The whole idea was farfetched even ludicrous .
tr	8	As they were walking out , Anderson caught up to Reggie .
tr	8	The formation closed up as the lead man crested the top .
tr	7	" This is George Mudd out at Eaton Bishop .
tr	9	Walking out the door it came to him , Law of Attraction .
tr	7	" You really care about this bitch , son .
tr	5	" For the flying , of course . "
tr	8	We 're just to the north of the objective ! "
tr	6	The treacherous Lizard , the third one , still hung back from the fight .
tr	6	Even in the darkness , my blood dripped into the icy murk .
tr	9	Framed by the moon , the man 's features were hard to make out .
tr	7	Briefing packets will be on board with mission specifics .
tr	8	he murmured , glancing from Anna to me .
tr	5	Pretty damned brazen actually . "
tr	8	A man walked out from under the line of trees to the west of the clearing .
tr	10	They began to " preach sermons " to their sons and pass judgement on everyone else .
tr	6	When the third rifle shot came , the woman 's gaze jetted to the nearby window on the other wall .
tr	10	He had betrayed her , and so had no right to know her .
tr	11	But they sure don 't know what to think of a black person . "
tr	11	You probably don 't know that Vella was a key player in the drug trade before the troubles .
tr	7	Alejo asked calmly , meeting his eyes .
tr	7	Derrick and I get into our room and immediately go to the shower -- together .
tr	6	Anger and anguish darkened her irises to a cloudy sea green .
tr	10	The air seemed to sing out in joy and the trees seemed to bow down in respect .
tr	9	No matter how hard I tried , I was unable to get comfortable .
tr	8	We actually need four full space crews , and a crew for the C-5 .
tr	9	A group of people parted as Connor 's escort paved a path to the fighting surface .
tr	6	However , every man to the deck , and no shirking one 's duty , eh ? "
tr	6	For one horrible moment she was six years old again and out of her mind with pain and fear .
tr	7	He gripped the rifle and shot the door , he kicked it again and it fell to the ground .
tr	7	' Put your hand like this , ' Sebastian said holding his hand loosely .
tr	8	The working man 's club , great for cheesy cover bands and cheap drinks , lay across from the bus stop .
tr	11	Even if he wants nothing to do with me , I still have to protect him .
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	8	" Another pistol , " he shouted , blood flinging from his ear with the movement .
tr	11	I think we need to summon backup .
tr	8	Charlie asked , putting a hand on her shoulder .
tr	9	But I think he 's lost it . "
tr	8	The very order meant to give men reason and compassion .
tr	7	For the first time in fifty years it is unguarded .
tr	7	Besides water , and occasionally coffee , it was the only drink on the menu .
tr	11	One picture had Taylor look up and ask , " I have seen this somewhere before .
tr	11	He sat , with his elbows on the table , gazing at the wall lost in thought .
tr	6	" Right you are , sir , " agreed Custer with a little indifference .
tr	9	It was frustrating her to madness .
tr	6	" Elaina , " he called , " look here . "
tr	8	She had to warn him .
tr	6	" Because despite our supernaturally themed misadventures , solving mysteries is not actually our job , " Leah said .
tr	8	They were speeding just a few feet above the ocean .
tr	8	Three hours later the asteroid was visible on the starboard bow , and Jonesy could study its rotating movements .
tr	8	Then small farms dotted our path , and finally , we were free of the city .
tr	9	Do you have it ? "
tr	6	" What 's wrong with that ? "
tr	8	No wonder Josh stuck with me whether he fancied me or not .
tr	6	Finan accepted the beverage and inhaled its sweet aroma .
tr	9	" I 'll bet twenty in under five , " a voice whispered through his ear piece .
tr	8	Taking his battle stance , the boy eyes the overconfident sentinel , searching for an exploitable weakness .
tr	8	Both then practiced walking , kneeling , jumping , and even tried dancing together .
tr	9	The 964 was the group of incredibly wealthy people who financed the Prism .
tr	9	With great care he rolled the wounded hawk over and let him nestle into the long , tall grass .
tr	9	" If I were trapped in that ghastly thing I think I would just lose my mind . "
tr	6	Astrid heard one or two guffaws from the men in the great hall , too .
tr	9	Frank wasn 't sure what he thought of the new slang for the aliens .
tr	10	Tarleton fired again , this time the bullet tearing through the creature 's torso .
tr	8	" He flew away because you are cowards . "
tr	11	Sarah observed Astrid 's face as she watched her eldest son run off .
tr	8	" I just want to get home .
tr	10	Mrs. Stark was nervous again about meeting up with another car but Missy was in awe of the surrounding forest .
tr	11	He needed to do something to change his fortunes .
tr	8	Please drink this and I will retrieve a towel and your uniform . "
tr	8	Drew reached over and turned the pages to John , and both of their heads bent over the book .
tr	8	He stilled at the table and answered softly , " She hung herself after the rape . "
tr	7	A shout from Harald drew her attention , he was pointing towards the merchant ship .
tr	10	Everyone seems to avoid telling me .
tr	11	" Do you think they suspect anything ? "
tr	7	" If it 's a secret , you can trust us .
tr	11	You should learn to fight poison with poison , you know . "
tr	10	So we decided to wait for a while until reinforcements arrive .
tr	10	It made me nod without thinking .
tr	5	" Elaina , " she didn 't move .
tr	8	Theodosia turned from the window and raised one hand as if brushing away a fly .
tr	8	Only the ridged muscles of her calf saved the bone from being splintered .
tr	8	Simon decided as he promptly stood up .
tr	8	" Listen , Shee , this guy is making a statement of some kind .
tr	8	We were , for the moment , about as poor as them .
tr	8	the girl asked , looking at him suspiciously .
tr	7	My fingers curled into tight balls and anger shot through me like lightning .
tr	5	Quarterback , dark blond hair , blue eyes , buff , easy going .
tr	8	And have fun in the spare time ... Everybody , in fact , does it this way . "
tr	10	Her lips were full and bright red now and her brown eyes were deeper and darker from careful application of make-up .
tr	5	" Well , I don 't know .
tr	11	She turned a feigned scowl on the rest of us .
tr	11	He didn 't even care to voice his next question " Yes , but how ? "
tr	8	Now there will be much death on both sides .
tr	8	Hopefully , that will divert attention from Destro 's search .
tr	9	" You will each of you see everything separately right up to this very moment in time .
tr	6	" Well , in that case , you 're late , kid , " she said sternly .
tr	11	That was the tragedy that had happened to their lands .
tr	11	" He doesn 't have anything that can catch us . "
tr	5	" Certainly is , " said the big man .
tr	11	God knows what she feared was happening .
tr	7	An instant before it happened , she felt the stone give .
tr	9	Tristan had said she was here .
tr	9	She was making a meal in the area of the fire .
tr	7	" Let 's go out , Neil , " Simon said , getting up .
tr	7	She sat down and reached for the teapot .
tr	7	So let them have their romance .
tr	9	I didn 't know who I felt more sorry for .
tr	6	" Oh Gil , that sounds so dangerous , " his mother said .
tr	9	It was Drew 's turn to lean forward .
tr	8	Otherwise I 'd have caught up with you long ago . "
tr	10	The fourth had been punished for his failures and summarily executed , or so was the rumor .
tr	11	I stared at my hands while I struggled to hide my anxiety and anger .
tr	7	The wind rushed out of me , and I laid senseless for a few seconds .
tr	9	Spell the body to preserve it .
tr	9	We must be going right through the mountain , Neil thought .
tr	11	" That 's what we 're here to find out . "
tr	6	" Not for you , " he said stubbornly .
tr	10	" It must have been difficult for you to accept . "
tr	8	She slipped her hand under Taylor 's arm and pulled him to the front door .
tr	7	Clancy stepped back and looked his old friend in the eyes .
tr	8	Curiously Tommy felt the bark and ran his hand up and down the trunk .
tr	6	" Kelly clamp , " the doctor said and the nurse handed him a clamp .
tr	11	I rolled back down and looked around to find Ethan staring at me .
tr	8	Will chose to ignore this .
tr	10	That gratitude made her want to vomit .
tr	5	The judge 's scores : 9.1 , 9.2 , 9.2 , 9.3 , and a 9.0 .
tr	7	" Before the time of man , before even the time of the Three , there was the time of trees .
tr	7	This sounded like a pack , or , more terrifyingly , something much , much larger .
tr	7	" But their ships should be base enough , " Towers grumbled .
tr	6	Only the pros take their hands off on a cross-country track . "
tr	7	" The tunnel actually extends about thirty feet into the neighbors ' property . "
tr	7	" Do we walk or take the van ? "
tr	9	" So Simon 's parents are the ones who did all this ! "
tr	11	Are you ready for al this ? "
tr	10	' Looks like you still lose , half-breed , ' Thorne gasped mockingly .
tr	8	On the drive back to Treviso , both sat quietly contemplating the last 24 hours .
tr	8	Scrambling to his feet once again , Rift breaks into a sprint in no particular direction .
tr	7	There were grunts of agreement from the others .
tr	11	Simon and Neil were side by side , balanced on the edge of an uncomfortable settee .
tr	10	Crane came forward slowly , using a long wooden cane to steady himself .
tr	5	" Hey there Tom , you took quite a beating last night .
tr	11	However , Luca wanted to live at home and go to the local school and then university .
tr	10	Or maybe I just wanted to feel close to her .
tr	7	Much further and I 'd be in Boston itself and then the North Sea .
tr	7	Josie didn 't find that funny .
tr	9	I thought I was torturing myself .
tr	8	The departure gate was located on the B concourse , less than a five-minute ride away .
tr	7	" Maybe the burden of choice should not be yours alone ? "
tr	8	Tsuyoshi seemed to notice the tension .
tr	11	Joshua began to worry when they saw no soldiers .
tr	8	Red Talon congratulated Wolf Eyes on the new arrival of his son .
tr	10	The captain 's eyes widened further , as did those of his men .
tr	11	" It 's like we 're meant to be . "
tr	10	Why settle on a planet with very little atmosphere when they could come straight here ?
tr	11	The girl was bent over at the waist and seemed to be leaning into the wind .
tr	9	It wasn 't fair to leave her .
tr	11	" Have to be dead to forget .
tr	10	" All I can tell is that it 's completely grown over -- you got the picture .
tr	10	When finished , he asked , " What do you think it is ? "
tr	7	It was dark outside , and dark clouds huddled over the moon .
tr	10	Boris was called from the helicopter and told to go and hire a new team .
tr	11	Old movies were recycled , mainly because nobody would chance anything different .
tr	6	But for a while now , it hadn 't felt that way .
tr	10	The guests love it , and this summer we 're going to hire a lifeguard . "
tr	10	As he watched the officer walk away he realized McCutcheon was right .
tr	8	" He better be , otherwise he is in trouble , " John 's father growled .
tr	9	They both knew he would not kill the old caster .
tr	7	He slides his hands up along his exposed skull , his metal fingertips searching .
tr	7	" Tell us something we don 't know , " said Victoria .
tr	9	Call me as soon as you get this . "
tr	10	I don 't want to fit in this world .
tr	11	Though it was hard to remain firm .
tr	7	" You 're not exactly playing fair , " she said .
tr	9	Christy came next , feet first , sliding down the rope like a fireman 's pole .
tr	7	Never had a passion for anything really , except one thing , " he said , holding up a lone finger .
tr	10	Her own eyes might even have looked that way for a time after losing their first baby .
tr	10	The fact Peter pulled off his merging of the occupations only added to the tension . "
tr	11	Some of them had to know something was up .
tr	7	" That 's a good day 's work folks , " he boomed .
tr	9	" Girl , you do not know what you are talking about . "
tr	10	Claire looked around but couldn 't see anything to explain the noise .
tr	8	But there were more important matters at hand than the dead .
tr	7	Using the drawstring on the GPS pouch , Ted deftly flipped the unit into his palm and pocketed it quickly .
tr	6	The car bumps and lurches as he downshifts and drives on the unpaved shoulder .
tr	8	Reid and Anatole took up guard duty outside the room while Anna and I entered the lab .
tr	10	What you continue to do tomorrow .
tr	11	" Thought you 'd disappear when we took the Talisman off , didn 't you ?
tr	9	" Well , you sure had a funny way of showing it . "
tr	7	I took a deep breath and headed deeper into the mine .
tr	9	He knew he couldn 't fight her .
tr	8	It was time to leave .
tr	8	It pulled the skin taut , stretching the tattoo out of shape .
tr	9	" That 's how the UN does it , " Mark agreed .
tr	7	Jump , count to three and then pull the D-ring , nothing to it .
tr	5	On the crisp snowy ground lay a tiny dark body .
tr	10	that he planned to back off .
tr	7	" Mom , I 'm so sorry , " she said and a fresh set of tears streamed down her cheeks .
tr	10	I like how nonchalant it sounds .
tr	6	I could not stay there any longer .
tr	7	Really shows how much I know . '
tr	6	" How did he become so popular ? "
tr	11	Do you want to see ? "
tr	9	Each second presses the cold and wet deeper into the center of my bones so that my limbs ache with it .
tr	9	It was with difficulty that he kept from vomiting .
tr	10	" You keep saying we 're doomed .
tr	7	Gabe lays his forehead against the post and closes his eyes .
tr	11	Neil could faintly hear the waves below , but the night was so profoundly dark he could not see anything .
tr	11	I will give you any mask you desire , free of charge . "
tr	6	" True , but you 're here for the project .
tr	5	" Only another few seconds , then the lateral transverse will begin . "
tr	9	And look what she has us doing !
tr	9	came the whistle and the younger one rotated his body a quarter turn while the head still faced Ricky .
tr	11	" Do you think he 's real ? "
tr	5	No , no , no , no !
tr	10	He didn 't think the name " beer can " would work .
tr	6	She will be fine . "
tr	9	As all the passengers were suited up with full helmets again , it didn 't really matter .
tr	10	She 's volunteered to hide the most valuable possession of our people .
tr	5	And your dragon , Captain Laurence , surely he is some new breed ?
tr	8	If we don 't clean them they could become infected . "
tr	7	He beamed again and then turned his mind to practical matters , like driving .
tr	8	" What would you like to watch , Rick ? "
tr	10	I was used to being hit on .
tr	8	The words almost choked him to say , but still he forced them out .
tr	11	He was so tall that even if I stood on my tiptoes I could not reach his face .
tr	8	Everyone nodded warily , waiting for the deal before answering .
tr	6	" Its fear aura is too strong , You can 't roll a successful save . "
tr	8	But since the blackout , he 's taken advantage of the situation .
tr	11	Guess they thought it was rhetorical ?
tr	6	The packs slithered out over one another into a large drift .
tr	11	" Oh yeah , " he mumbles , recalling her fading away after saving him from his fall .
tr	7	Lucas was glad about that .
tr	9	Josie guessed the larger body was the shapeshifter 's .
tr	8	I frowned and studied the layout of the road .
tr	11	Mike drew a zoom window around the bow of one of the shuttles and watched intently .
tr	6	The other two men led their groups off in different directions .
tr	8	His hands dropped from my arms as if my skin were poison .
tr	6	' Yes , you did , but - ' ' I always ask ! ' '
tr	8	He does not deserve to die .
tr	10	" Does she ever take you flying , Derrick ? "
tr	8	The immortal grabbed my bowed head and leaned down , his lips stopping inches from my ear .
tr	8	He had a choice of 105mm or 30 mm .
tr	5	Mostly Gabe 's , though .
tr	8	Standing with them were selected crew of the Lady Grace , the quartermaster and first mate .
tr	10	Well , they will never fit on so small a boat as this , will they ?
tr	11	Even if she could get the internet to work , such things took time .
tr	7	" Well , at the grave site I stood on one side and she stood on the other .
tr	11	However , if you 'd like to give it a try , it 's all yours . "
tr	7	Even though the sun was shining it was still sub-zero by the lake .
tr	7	' Nah , door 's not shut and there 's no light on . '
tr	5	" You , bold , dirty , filthy article ! "
tr	10	If they realize it was us ... She dialed Mason .
tr	8	" Nonsense ... " Logan started as he looked out the window .
tr	7	The span between the posts was too long and the ropes supporting the tarp sagged entirely too much in the middle .
tr	6	I fell to the ground next to the bleeding corpse .
tr	6	No , the Catholics were deposed , and France became agnostic .
tr	11	Myself on the other hand had begun to get the hang of the motherly role .
tr	8	For each of us ? "
tr	6	" Christina , Tris , Tobias , Tori , Zeke , and Peter are my selections , " Cara says .
tr	9	She was beginning to like them .
tr	7	Jack punched in the number and positioned his thick calloused thumb over Send .
tr	9	" Shhh , " he told her and smiled inwardly when she quieted down .
tr	9	It 's nice not to be wearing jeans too .
tr	8	The rain was tattooing out a gentle beat against the kitchen windows .
tr	8	" I am happy too , " she added with a slightly different timbre in her voice .
tr	6	The wolves , like the cats , are too wild , and the horses , unicorns , and dragons are big .
tr	10	The silence between them was so empty even air couldn 't pass through it .
tr	6	Right then , a toad , aka Miranda 's piano teacher , plopped down at her feet .
tr	6	Derrick takes the pocket knife and cuts up the apple , and peels an orange .
tr	7	" Will you just stop ? "
tr	6	Sometimes there 's collateral damage - " " Did you just call your own brother collateral damage ? "
tr	8	Is it enough , do you think ? "
tr	5	Its sharp , high-pitched whine and thunderous rumbling gave him chill bumps .
tr	7	" We certainly don 't , " said Joshua as he lowered his arms .
tr	6	" Besides , " he continued , " your ugly face is giving me a headache . "
tr	11	Everybody liked Tyler and he honestly seemed to like us .
tr	6	" Where did you hear that name ? "
tr	7	Despite their grays and blacks , their subdued metallic malevolence , they were now deemed too soft for our hard-edged Verona .
tr	11	" My dad kept working the farm as best he could .
tr	9	He did a quick sweep of the ground floor and finding nothing , moved upstairs .
tr	10	I get to continue travelling and get paid ?
tr	9	Not your deserted kind , the ones that have one or two people living on them , or possibly three .
tr	11	In the silence that follows , he feels as though she is in the room with him .
tr	6	As humans they are pathetic and helpless , but their dream images are powerful , amazing warriors .
tr	9	There was a moment of silence between the two men .
tr	8	As we munched on the food , our conversation dwindled and awkwardness settled in .
tr	9	" And don 't come back with him , " she told him .
tr	11	Suppose we ought to invite him over ?
tr	8	The lady in question beamed at us , fanning herself with a dainty hand .
tr	9	" I 've had worse , " she said , feeling around the back of her skull .
tr	9	Sitting on the train for hours had left our legs sore .
tr	11	There was a girl , who Mac recognized immediately , walking down a hallway .
tr	8	I couldn 't hide the shock in my voice .
tr	7	I felt a little odd but I could still feel my flow .
tr	5	His vein pulsed and his breathing quickened .
tr	7	A strong sense of foreboding emanated from its icy cold water , the first well was much warmer .
tr	5	Did the last girl you dated drink hers with skim milk and Splenda ? "
tr	10	" Who put you to drink that much ?
tr	7	Mark wasn 't much of a talker .
tr	9	I want to discuss today 's shots .
tr	10	Josie asked , setting a burger , a chicken sandwich and fries in front of Mark .
tr	8	It 's a very dangerous thing to do ! "
tr	9	Leading troops isn 't like looking after cons .
tr	9	Josie asked as she stuffed the stun gun back in a jacket pocket .
tr	5	" No , and Chase , Clark , and Coby shouldn 't , either .
tr	11	They 'll still want our heads for what we 've done here . "
tr	5	Courtney Cole 86 With My Last Breath , Book Three Hecate patted my arm .
tr	5	" Look , Sarah , you can 't leave . "
tr	7	Well this time , I couldn 't let her die . "
tr	11	I refused to look at Malcolm , and I didn 't have to look at my dad .
tr	9	" That 's why I 'm sending Marja .
tr	5	" Did you say the Eiffel Tower ? "
tr	10	I 've got a Detonator team already on their way up to you .
tr	8	" Please , Roberto , I need to tell you something . "
tr	11	You are his wife and I should not wish to get on his bad side .
tr	5	I was cool , though .
tr	9	They literally did not want to miss one drop .
tr	9	I have him in the house but he 's a bit hypothermic , he 's going to be OK though .
tr	5	Right now , in this time and place , Nick 's soul was rich and pure .
tr	11	" There are things we could use at my home .
tr	8	' He stalled for time as long as he could , ' she said .
tr	10	As they marched her up the long line of wagons , Elaina felt her heart sink .
tr	10	I walk away with my hand in the air waving goodbye .
tr	6	His olive skin , straight white teeth , perfect long nose , and his beautiful eyes , oh those eyes .
tr	6	" I brought them back with me .
tr	9	" Will King Ine be able to spare you ? "
tr	10	" Papa is going to make his transition soon , " Lilly Ann said cheerfully .
tr	7	I left the lounge with its heavy dark furnishings and crossed the corridor to the toilets .
tr	8	The tiny ear bud concealed in Huerta 's ear crackled slightly .
tr	8	The one that is more than just the thought that someone followed us . "
tr	10	- I think that 's enough for the beginning .
tr	9	" I 'm gon na kill you . "
tr	7	Jake 's wife expertly held the mike back from her face and the noises ceased .
tr	9	At the top , my shoulder banged against a door as I fumbled with the knob .
tr	6	Add taco seasoning , corn , kidney beans , diced tomatoes , tomato sauce , and Jalapeno peppers .
tr	7	The front door of the house opened and a man in a grey woollen coat stepped outside .
tr	6	" Don 't waste your time , Mr. Fleming , " Cordelia said .
tr	8	" My point exactly , clam eater doesn 't evoke any fear or mystery , does it boys ? "
tr	9	It looked like the lodge had had twelve identical babies .
tr	11	There were also thin metal poles at regular intervals along the main avenue with lights and loudspeakers attached .
tr	6	" Luke Ambrose joined my practice , " he said , his silvery eyes roamed over her sister .
tr	9	Now the problem was how to tell her the truth .
tr	10	Anna paused at the door : she was the last one to leave the room .
tr	6	# 56 THE GIRL WITH THE SUN IN HER HAIR Mia was dreaming something .
tr	10	I told the group Pisces was on the way and would be here tomorrow .
tr	9	Lots of TVs , decent draft beer , Celtic music on Thursday nights ... . .
tr	10	If someone had put a contract on him , then whatever he had discovered must have been huge .
tr	5	" Mom , for the first time I might really be .
tr	7	Using another key he accessed the ammunition storage facility and took approximately five thousand rounds over the two calibers .
tr	10	" I don 't know any ' very old ' men , " Tim thought to himself .
tr	8	Most weren 't even dressed , but all had weapons in their palms .
tr	8	" We got all of them , you can calm down now . "
tr	9	He has a knack for weeding out the dead wood . "
tr	11	" Why don 't you try to get some rest , while we draw some blood for the tests . "
tr	9	She glanced away , looking as confused as I felt .
tr	5	Kaylin , Mom , Dad , Joey , Tuck , and Sadie .
tr	11	My parents wanted me to go to a shrink or to talk with someone , but I refused it .
tr	5	" At first she did not speak .
tr	10	With so much looming danger , so much to fear or worry , Mal simply was .
tr	5	" Emily , what an interesting surprise , " Julie said .
tr	9	It was the only bedroom already unoccupied when the outbreak happened .
tr	11	We retracted the text within 213 milliseconds but we don 't know if it was still distributed .
tr	7	With a relenting sigh , he shrugged out of his clothing and left it all on the ground beside his boots .
tr	10	He sighed as he tried to explain .
tr	11	" That 's not how it 's supposed to work .
tr	7	She blasted off and dove right over , head first , rolling off the mat .
tr	5	" Oh , Sawyer , dear , you 're beautiful , just beautiful . "
tr	8	He focused inward listening to the flow and exchange within himself , feeling it all with his mind and body .
tr	9	Chapter 2 -- Tipping Point Nathan looked out the grimy window at a dingy snowy wasteland .
tr	8	Now she was sweating and nearly as upset as the chicken .
tr	5	To Rand Lord Brogan seemed no different .
tr	11	There is an old saying , " You can pick your friends but your stuck with your family . "
tr	11	I decided I liked seeing her off-balance .
tr	9	He didn 't have to wait too long the following morning .
tr	7	My world changed dramatically , school was easy , A 's were flowing in , and everyone was happy .
tr	10	William waved and shook his head in mock disapproval , continuing straight through the bright lobby toward his lab .
tr	8	It seems you pull a decent crowd and you all have a very pronounced stage presence .
tr	10	The speakers in the room crackle and she can feel the deck plating under her feet shift .
tr	5	" More ribbons , M. de Chretien , " His Majesty said .
tr	9	There was some sort of construction on top .
tr	11	Turning to Sarah , he thanked her for a wonderful day but said he had to go .
tr	7	" May you always live in shame , " Harald said .
tr	8	A small silver sign at the side of the path warned of this latest phenomenon .
tr	6	But we need to ... " " Slowly , son .
tr	6	After a moments hesitation he moved his hand along the ground towards hers .
tr	8	The flames hit Mark square in the chest , swirling around him for a second .
tr	7	Now , though it took him several blows , he could at least split the hard logs without serious injury .
tr	7	Here 's a hundred bucks ; go and find your own breakfast .
tr	10	The second finally registered the incoming rounds and tried to scurry back to safety .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , anyone I know ? "
tr	8	Miguel still lay unconscious in the opening between the trees .
tr	6	She tried again , out of breath .
tr	10	Amy didn 't want to share a room with him , yet .
tr	11	" Trying to kill yourself by having kidney stones ?
tr	9	Both Whisper and Steve left a good tip and proceeded to leave the town .
tr	7	When he reached the first landing , he slowly and carefully raised the ladder .
tr	9	" Chuck Gray got it from Ed McAdam , the CEO of Red Flag Minerals .
tr	9	Do you have directions ? "
tr	9	" The woman may stay if she minds her business .
tr	9	He yanked his blankets over himself roughly as he turned away from her .
tr	9	" That 's what I was thinking , " said Anderson nodding .
tr	10	" I think the air down here has gotten to you . "
tr	11	" I seem to recall seeing you in Hyrule .
tr	9	The Yank was his winning ticket to getting her .
tr	7	The first bandit whispered to the others -- even the whispers seemed a roar , but the language was no clearer .
tr	11	Christophe Lacroix turned out to be a much taller and slimmer version of his uncle .
tr	9	" Do I see a C-5 Galaxy over there ? "
tr	5	" Quit it Rid , " Paul interrupted us completely .
tr	9	" I can learn to fly again !
tr	8	Think of it like a car towing a heavy boat .
tr	10	" I 'm smarter than you 'll ever be , " he states matter-of-factly .
tr	9	Judging by the whiteness of her eyes , she was blind .
tr	6	His voice echoed in the silence .
tr	8	" Pick up your tools and get back to work ! "
tr	8	" You must never ever do that again , " Sarah said , gently shaking his shoulder with her free hand .
tr	8	' What you 're doing gets my vote , ' she said leaving him to it .
tr	7	Frank shifted into low range for the four wheel drive and put the truck into reverse .
tr	7	After that , Lea fought back with a right uppercut to the opponent 's chin , making the opponent slide back .
tr	7	It helps sustain my bi-national temperaments , " Simon uttered with a shrug .
tr	7	" Let 's be off . "
tr	9	The crowd howled with laughter , and Brand joined them , chuckling despite his fate .
tr	5	He ordered a big Italian meal , salad , minestrone soup , cannelloni , veal , French bread .
tr	10	We all know they know where we live .
tr	5	One hour before the first bell , Worthington resembles a dystopian ghost town .
tr	6	The pain , the outrage , and the humiliation left very little room for anything else .
tr	10	They were both tall , Jonesy only taller by a couple of inches .
tr	10	I follow it through the mirror as it curves around , crossing his abdomen .
tr	10	He glances up at the gravity tether emitter imbedded in the rock above .
tr	11	She 's gon na start screaming soon . "
tr	6	" Of course , " Tori said and hugged her new best friend .
tr	8	He had tried being nice .
tr	8	With a nod at Jeff and a smile to Kim , she cradled Sky close and carried her away to bed .
tr	6	Kissing her , his voice turned serious .
tr	9	Thank God that was done .
tr	5	My father , Tommy , and I ate a simple dinner that night .
tr	7	" Be seeing you . "
tr	7	I can barely remember the sights around me .
tr	6	It was that wonderful , bright smile ; that inherent innocence ; and that intense goodness .
tr	9	The signs of a recent battle are all too apparent as the hero dismounts his horse and scans the area .
tr	7	But he plans on takin ' me ship . "
tr	10	' Looks like they started the party without us , ' said Reid .
tr	9	A faint crash sounds from within the house followed by a high giggle .
tr	8	" Way to think on your feet , " Mai points out , thoroughly impressed .
tr	9	He could 've called , texted , or thrown pebbles at my window .
tr	11	He 's trying to get you back to his mother before ... . "
tr	7	" Hello William , I 'm glad I caught you . "
tr	6	what 's all this about ? "
tr	9	He had humiliated her in front of pirates .
tr	7	It was a loose , round , rough rock , about five inches across .
tr	10	It was about to pounce upon them .
tr	8	" A key to where ? "
tr	10	Virgil and Theodosia looked at each other confusedly , and he shook his head as if to clear it .
tr	7	Benjamin , a doctor in Bolivia , greeted Alejo now with a droll smile and watchful eyes behind wire glasses .
tr	5	He was a qualified miniature railway engine driver .
tr	11	In the Empire it was death to voice a negative thought about one of the Children in public .
tr	10	Prepared to intervene in the pathetic spectacle , he suddenly notices the challenger has the clear upper hand .
tr	8	After releasing the little girl 's harness , he stepped back and watched her jump to the ground .
tr	6	" Yes , I did arrange the details .
tr	9	There he stopped to wait for her .
tr	7	Strange circumstances called for even stranger measures , and these were strange circumstances indeed .
tr	8	Books were just ancient relics and kept around for sentimental reasons more than anything else .
tr	11	" I 'll give you more money than you 'll see in a lifetime . "
tr	7	But this one could be my downfall , and it hovered inches from my face .
tr	7	" We better sleep first , at least a little bit , " suggested Megan .
tr	8	Sylvia noticed Jude had not returned .
tr	7	I broke his attack with the katana and forced him back a step .
tr	8	His Gift of Healing was weak at that certain place even his warlock 's ability .
tr	11	The minister feels he is loyal to the royal brothers and will help us .
tr	8	He was in control , attacking her arms , her face , and her stomach .
tr	5	The tent was not very large .
tr	9	He felt a little guilty for not helping her , but it was her idea .
tr	11	She wore a red gown that was embroidered with gold snakes and dragons .
tr	8	Good to have you here , folks . "
tr	9	And then , just like that the night was quiet once more .
tr	8	Small slow shuffles with slight hesitation put distance between him and the safety of the nearby bed .
tr	8	He held another in his left hand , and drank from one in his right .
tr	10	" Will we have beer in space ? "
tr	9	Noah heard how his sister 's voice no longer strained in panic .
tr	9	We 'll get you to a toilet as soon as we can . "
tr	11	For her part , Mercedes rushed forward and hugged Logan , whose face broke into a wide grin at her touch .
tr	10	As long as you start doing it , it becomes very easy . "
tr	9	Crouching in the dust behind the column , a bead of sweat dripped down my neck .
tr	9	We should have offered him some , he was so thin . "
tr	11	My leg throbbed but I clenched my teeth because I needed the truth .
tr	9	The noise from the rope was lower than that of the truck but I was getting nowhere fast .
tr	5	" No , " he decided quickly .
tr	8	" I think you like him , " Jimmy said , spelling it out for her .
tr	5	Something just wasn 't right .
tr	7	His dream had finally come true !
tr	9	" Time to get up ! "
tr	7	The dirty Vauxhall pulled in behind them several cars back , Ronan Flaherty keyed his phone .
tr	8	Usually it meant chatting about my future , especially since I was eighteen .
tr	9	He knew that Byron was right again , on all accounts .
tr	6	" And a three-foot reflector , as well as the accompanying focusing barrel , " Bugs added to the request .
tr	7	" Go for forward flight , " the controller announced .
tr	8	A second later and the underling had melted into the crowd and disappeared .
tr	5	" No , you 're not - " " Yes , I am . "
tr	6	It was a whisper , but both Elaina and Landon heard him clearly .
tr	9	In what seemed like slow motion , he put down his pen and lifted himself from behind the table .
tr	9	Guess the locals don 't eat out much . "
tr	10	Wolf Eyes saw it and wondered what had caused it .
tr	5	" No , " she said , and paused .
tr	6	Finally I am leaving , a disillusioned wife and mother .
tr	10	The withdrawal he 'd seen in the expressions before had toughened to determination .
tr	6	Beau and Sergeant Major Givens were in the lead vehicle .
tr	9	wanted to leap from his chest .
tr	7	Maddy 's logic had proved right before , so perhaps the lever would open a hidden door .
tr	7	A moment later the little door closed and Tommy spotted the footprints returning .
tr	8	But even those few minutes felt like a cool wind to one in the blazing realm of the half-dead . "
tr	8	Rupert 's dead in the snow outside . "
tr	10	Put quite simply this whole thing was driving him to distraction .
tr	11	" I think an arrowhead is a small price to pay . "
tr	6	She closed her eyes , took a deep breath , tipped her head back , and howled .
tr	10	I don 't want to die from carbon monoxide poisoning any more than lead poisoning . "
tr	8	He reached out for a second slice of apple .
tr	9	" I may be the youngest and least of the Children , but you cannot command me .
tr	7	But to her astonishment , Rick 's hand shot out , gripping her arm , stopping her .
tr	7	I twisted at my torso , back and forth , and there was no longer any pain .
tr	9	We have endured this grand trial of the gods , and our reward is the desperately missed rain .
tr	8	Riding low to the ground , the Caddy looked fast even standing still .
tr	5	" Jesus ... Josh ... " Her body bowed , jerked , and tensed .
tr	8	Joe was breathing hard too , but in contrast to Jake , he seemed perfectly calm and collected .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	9	Sometimes the coroner can 't figure out any other cause of death , so they say radiation poisoning .
tr	9	The children ran barefoot in the rain , opening out their arms and joyfully taking in each drop .
tr	5	" Umm , thirteen dollars , some beads , some copper pots . "
tr	7	There are miles of them down there . "
tr	8	" Welcome to The Hub , " he said with an undoubted level of pride .
tr	7	By the time he returned , the others were already mounted and impatient .
tr	10	They didn 't fire so they didn 't see us .
tr	11	... this yacht is by far the nicest we 've seen in the last week . "
tr	10	You are not going to rule my life from Geneva .
tr	9	I held my breath on the stairs , afraid of creaks , but then let it out at the bottom .
tr	9	I couldn 't let ... " " When I was a baby .
tr	9	' I 'm pleased you enjoyed us . '
tr	10	I opened the toilet door to see the cleaner mopping the corridor .
tr	10	He is unconscious , and is likely to remain that way . "
tr	8	" Do I get my one phone call and a lawyer ? "
tr	8	Shots of the crowd 's elation during the intro chorus made Little Spirit look as big a band as Duran Duran .
tr	9	" It says ' To Be Continued ' .
tr	10	Sarah caught the sight of Donovan 's wagon coming down the driveway .
tr	9	The man seemed to sense Chris 's unasked question .
tr	7	" OK , let 's get ready for school , " Tori said and threw the walkie talkie in her bag .
tr	7	One bird doesn 't make much difference in the big scheme .
tr	9	After a few minutes David and Jennie entered the room and invited Gema and George to sit down .
tr	8	Our arrival on Mars could also make NASA look stupid .
tr	8	I found them boarding a train on the last platform .
tr	7	Around them the alps stretched magnificent to a clear blue sky , the snow-capped peaks dazzling with their brightness .
tr	7	- On this cliff , I met you and then you jumped into the magnificent Bantry Bay .
tr	8	" They took everything from both of us , then . "
tr	7	Nothing at all could detract from this wonderful day .
tr	7	Away from the river vapours , it was lighter here with a more wholesome air .
tr	6	Holding out his arm , he rubbed it with his other hand for a few moments .
tr	5	Do I know any good Chuck Norris jokes ?
tr	8	I felt like killing myself .
tr	9	It seems out of character for these men to misplace their quarry , " said Jacob .
tr	11	One false step and she would land at the bottom in a jumble of broken bones .
tr	6	This time Ice did feel his cheeks tense and the corners of his mouth lift .
tr	7	" I come prepared , " was all he said .
tr	5	About both of you . "
tr	11	Melinda bit her tongue to keep from responding .
tr	7	Despite the danger I had to chuckle .
tr	8	Vivien took a couple of steps backwards .
tr	8	Getting on an elevator is a huge risk ; those two guys with Alfred are expendable . "
tr	8	Reid had dislodged one of the paintings from the wall .
tr	8	' And by whose authority , exactly ? '
tr	11	-- Who will help the old man to read the signs ?
tr	7	" I saw them too but I didn 't hear a vehicle .
tr	11	A forest burns with tongues of flames rising up over charred and ashen trees .
tr	7	In a few tense moments , Elaina opened her eyes , blinking rapidly .
tr	7	Schools are only as good as their teachers .
tr	8	" Never though for a fraction of a second I 'd meet anyone and feel so much so fast .
tr	7	He led them to a higher deck and a smaller vacant dining room with similarly opulent ornamentation .
tr	11	Amy tiptoed to avoid jamming her heels in the slats .
tr	9	Martin says rising to leave .
tr	7	It looked more like a Travelodge than the YHA buildings she had stayed in recently .
tr	6	It is loud and obnoxious , pushing her back several feet in the water .
tr	5	' Oh my crapping word , we did it ! '
tr	6	At once she was hot , her clothes too heavy , too cumbersome , her skin too sensitive .
tr	7	John turned to her and grinned .
tr	11	He only noticed the ringing in his ears when it started to fade .
tr	7	" How do ... " They all stopped talking ; Jace a little after the others .
tr	8	Riki began to climb up the slope , ascending as neatly as a goat .
tr	7	Even in the din and smoke of the fight , Jim felt a moment of pride for his men .
tr	6	" Please greet our visitor . "
tr	9	Robert I am going to kill you .
tr	7	" Yes , I will sit at your table ! "
tr	8	Half this city was on your side of things once .
tr	7	Jolie 's evil cackle filled the air and settled deep into my soul .
tr	10	I didn 't want to see a gun poke through the branches .
tr	6	" Yes , of course ... " " You , yourself , don 't have an opinion .
tr	10	" Just make sure that you remember ; it 's my chair now . "
tr	7	The plates and glasses rattled and a bottle of wine toppled over .
tr	5	" But , at the very least , he has a severe personality disorder .
tr	9	" I think I 'll answer questions first .
tr	7	" Come with me , Corin .
tr	6	I put the arrows away , then met the other three on the branch porch for some lunch .
tr	7	" I didn 't do anything , " she yelled and leaned back on the couch .
tr	10	You don 't want to panic them ; crowds can be especially dangerous when panicked .
tr	10	I 'll see you in the tribunal hall , child , and God willing this will end peacefully . "
tr	9	" Who 's been taking care of the horses until now ? "
tr	9	Some are spewing gases or liquids and they twist about from the expulsion of high pressure .
tr	11	Eager to explode , the ball is denied its chance when the warlock hammers it strait downward .
tr	11	" Time to get back to sleep . "
tr	5	" In proportion , Sir , and I see no proportion here . "
tr	8	' Hubert encrypted the last twenty pages of the journal , ' said Anna .
tr	6	With one final yank , I ripped it from his hands .
tr	7	Also , the asteroid is shaped like a hot dog roll .
tr	8	I explained to my four-year-old daughter but I doubt she understood .
tr	6	" Tough room , " he muttered under his breath .
tr	8	Sarah felt a kernel of anxiety in the pit of her stomach .
tr	10	I knew I could count on him .
tr	11	Everyone around the table laughed at her out of character remark as they all knew exactly what she was talking about .
tr	10	Mark went into a dressing room to try on the clothes Josie had selected .
tr	11	" You 're what 's hard to get .
tr	7	Besides Paul 's two children and Ed 's two grandchildren , John Ewing had brought his three kids .
tr	9	Was I supposed to learn from that ? "
tr	6	" I asked , but ... she said something like , some people live and some people die .
tr	10	Me thinks I should rename my home ' Hotel El Campo ' .
tr	9	Between the civil war and Ganondorf 's treachery , Hyrule has enjoyed very little peace during his time on the throne .
tr	6	It was not a question , nor was it a statement .
tr	6	I jump up and hang .
tr	5	" This is really unusual .
tr	6	" Two days ... two days , " muttered Gilbert , shutting his eyes tightly .
tr	8	Things must be finished in their proper time .
tr	7	" Yes , I have been with him this hour and more . "
tr	9	Might he have warned McKay ?
tr	9	She would have to make this last shot count .
tr	10	He was speaking differently , as if he were another person , but with Jimmy 's voice .
tr	10	It seems obvious that the key there is this doctor chap in Managua , Eddie Ramirez .
tr	8	" You think we 're crazy .
tr	11	I was anxious to meet other people and get out into the world .
tr	7	" But I 'm still ... I mean , it 's still inside me . "
tr	7	In addition to the two hidden secret agents , a third spy was also hiding in the shadows .
tr	8	" Unbelievable , " the boy groans , throwing his hands up in defeat .
tr	8	Both girls jumped from the water and sprinted to the shower room , with Chelsea arriving yards ahead .
tr	5	And then , in the emptiness , a midnight voice surrounded me .
tr	11	Heads turned to see the commotion and screams soon followed upon recognition of Sheena 's gun .
tr	10	They laughed together for a moment , causing Alex to stir again .
tr	9	He 's a runaway from a family of the Most High .
tr	8	We have grilled pork legs , spare ribs or grilled chicken for the lighter appetite . "
tr	10	I think he just got picked on a lot .
tr	9	" You should be thankful that tree was not moving . "
tr	6	I step over a twisted root .
tr	8	Rift stammers in a growing panic , hopping back a step .
tr	6	" Oh , Jen was just saying - " " Nothing , " Jen said sharply .
tr	10	He was starting to panic a little and could feel his heart pounding in his chest .
tr	10	She would have had no chance to survive it .
tr	6	Furnace came through the door with a heavy wooden box .
tr	7	" Yeah , all two hundred and thirty five pounds of him , " James rolled his eyes .
tr	7	It wasn 't the easiest climb , but it beat the shit out of the last one .
tr	9	Seizing control of Warrior and practically tearing her to pieces shows what he can do .
tr	9	Claw gladly welcomed him and they grow up together since then .
tr	10	" Then go drink some more and let me go to bed . "
tr	9	He stood up , almost subconsciously running a thumb over his new wedding band .
tr	8	Where did you say your folks lived ? "
tr	6	Sarah stepped over an overturned chair to the body .
tr	10	" Just I 'm surprised you got into them . "
tr	11	This day she was being forced to relive was absolutely terrible .
tr	10	" Well , he knew where to find you and your mamma .
tr	6	In one more pounce he was almost upon the slow old Lizard .
tr	9	If he sent out riders after them would they have a sufficient head start ?
tr	11	Returning was like the homecoming she had been denied .
tr	8	The next extreme sport I 'm doing is extreme cocktail drinking followed by extreme shopping . "
tr	11	I saw this video and wished I saw Michael live .
tr	9	Make sure no one grabs the seat next to you .
tr	11	" Will you stop talking about blood ? "
tr	6	It was too much , and I let out a chuckle .
tr	11	I 'm sure he 's mixed up with the assassination squad . '
tr	9	Seeking what to wish for .
tr	11	You want to know where to wash ?
tr	9	" Where do you think you 're going ? "
tr	10	Rafe 's face darkened as he looked again to Finan 's restless movements upon the bed .
tr	11	Her particular story was known only to a handful of people on Earth .
tr	5	Our mom was a college professor .
tr	5	" Not quite as yummy , " Miranda said , and then grinned .
tr	10	He looked hungry from what I could tell .
tr	11	Mike turned from the table , noticing the Canadian and American Echelon officers were giving the colonel an indignant look .
tr	9	The girl in front of me was looking very happy ; instead , I was a little rigid .
tr	10	" I can 't waste ammo on it when you have it so nicely under control .
tr	7	He saw me as family and I betrayed him . "
tr	8	I started to scream , and the second one pulls up my dress .
tr	10	They grumbled and shot us loathing looks during the entire exchange , but our weapons held any further revenge at bay .
tr	11	Let me guess who that might be .
tr	8	The two teenagers , now off balance but still holding onto each other , hit their bikes hard .
tr	9	There 's a half-naked woman being arrested at a football match .
tr	8	What if we die trying ?
tr	6	Too arrogant , too humble , too tall and too fit , too handsome but too ugly .
tr	5	Gabriel 's voice was light .
tr	9	It was a new home for some refugees of the Creek village .
tr	9	How had they managed to do that ?
tr	10	Harder here to to walk silently .
tr	7	Bron nodded , but looked a little doubtful .
tr	6	The sergeant shoulders his rifle and activates his green laser sight .
tr	10	" Because you allow the Wolf to be what he wishes to be . "
tr	7	Reading the hurt in her face , he sighed and amended , " I never should have left .
tr	8	" Were you worried that the American public wouldn 't understand ? "
tr	7	The announcement caught me like a blow , and I leaned against a counter for support .
tr	5	I 'm so sorry , Abby . "
tr	10	Maybe he did know what he wanted .
tr	11	Do you know what he did ? "
tr	9	" I think my friends and I need to upgrade our celebration ! "
tr	6	" Okay , you go back and take the stairs .
tr	11	Their guard seemed to have a look of worry also upon his face , if that were truly possible .
tr	8	and forced himself to walk in .
tr	8	God hears your every word , and will weigh your lies against your promises .
tr	10	One by one , motors started , and the boats began to pull away from the dock .
tr	11	Remember that promise I make to you . "
tr	5	On the top was the entrance lane and the large cornfield .
tr	5	" And I you , " Brand answered her .
tr	10	This makes great rhythmic noises and let 's everyone in the valley know , that we were having fun .
tr	8	At the time , she was just another number chalked up to some particularly vicious and efficient terrorists .
tr	7	" It 's just got one room , " he said .
tr	9	He was losing no time in finding his own merriment .
tr	9	It made his plan to make a stand whilst Adele and Eda escaped untenable .
tr	7	I ran at one and they all came at me at a more hurried pace .
tr	8	In a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words , " Forgive me Lena .
tr	9	" What did your parents do when they found out ? "
tr	6	Misty leaned close and whispered , " The truth is , I 'm not really the mail girl .
tr	9	" Well , I would continue developing a search plan for your papa ' .
tr	9	But the Heavenly Chapters say ' The strong soul of the believer can stand against seven swords . '
tr	10	' I fear we will need them all at the end . '
tr	8	" Tell me again , you ignorant wretches , what is the fate of the key ?
tr	8	" I 'm so hungry right now , I could eat it straight from the can , " Melody said .
tr	7	Since the duel , lethargy had weighed on us .
tr	9	Outside , there was a sound of rushing wind , followed by a long , drawn-out whistle from a passing train .
tr	8	Frank led the way towards the office of number four .
tr	7	The American brothers burst into laughter and yanked the young man up from the floor , instantly applauding him .
tr	9	She thought such a place must house some awful animal .
tr	10	She hated not being able to see .
tr	10	He spun around and bolted across the parking lot as fast as he had ever run .
tr	8	Sweat dripped through her black tresses , and her face was flushed beyond recognition .
tr	11	Just because he 's a schizophrenic that doesn 't mean that he has to kill .
tr	7	As Fuchs ' second approached , we returned another bow .
tr	6	He turned his head to the Secretary General with a grin .
tr	7	Theodosia looked at Miriam and Neil with disapproval and shook her head .
tr	8	he asked , standing near the door .
tr	8	You were unconscious when they brought you in .
tr	8	I sent the couple out and had Jim and Herb come in .
tr	10	Aria is unconscious and bleeding all over Jason 's carpet .
tr	9	He smiled , his love visible in the ochre depths of his eyes .
tr	8	" Get comfortable , " said Tork with no hint of amusement .
tr	5	" A ... Alex , please ... " " What ? "
tr	8	It looked like a dream , overflowing with flowers .
tr	7	Her hands grip the long stem of the trident , extended parallel just a few feet under a branch .
tr	5	" Yes it would , " said Brazen .
tr	9	" Anyway , so these men saw me and bustled over to ask my business .
tr	8	If I have it right , the Faith is for absolute monarchy , yes ? "
tr	8	Lisa blinks - the flog of sleep floating from her mind .
tr	10	Brand did not want to leave Gunnar , but an earl 's words were law .
tr	7	She was tall , but not statuesque , her hair long but stopped at the shoulder blades .
tr	9	Christmas Day marked six weeks plus three days that David had been gone .
tr	7	The odious guard stepped right behind Simon 's shoulder .
tr	6	No , not a glitch , and no , not two good friends , may be one good friend ?
tr	5	A small red one , not too far off .
tr	6	But of all my lovely accessories , the tattooed angel wings on my back take the cake .
tr	8	No number of legends or poems or songs could ever have prepared him for this madness .
tr	10	Kayla and Derek will leave for their new home in Spain and the house will become ours alone .
tr	10	I do want to bet . "
tr	8	Gold rings gleamed on his fingers and a glittering diamond brooch held his cloak together .
tr	11	" Still intent on doing it are you ? "
tr	9	He had to keep moving .
tr	11	What will be , will be !
tr	11	I was too curious about him , and who said : Be careful what you wish for , was right .
tr	7	He is my rambling tour guide , and his energy ticks with nervousness .
tr	10	The goons knocked her unconscious as they tossed her limp body into the truck .
tr	5	The rest are guest rooms . "
tr	5	No baggage on it . "
tr	6	" I can 't tell the difference . "
tr	7	" It 's not my instructor of course .
tr	9	They did make my butt look a little big .
tr	10	We can take out of here anything we find .
tr	6	The first great critics were my closest friends and then , the team at Scholar Online Europe .
tr	9	I closed my eyes briefly while I sifted through old memories .
tr	10	" The first thing we need to do is get the rest of these files decrypted .
tr	6	The answer , so simple and honest , at first made no sense to me .
tr	8	" I 'll flip , " Tommy jumped at the opportunity , pulling a quarter out of his pocket .
tr	8	" Stay inside until we 're all up . "
tr	7	I stepped on , climbed onto his shoulders and unscrewed the metal plate above our heads .
tr	9	" You mean we can 't get a drink ? "
tr	8	" Our travel has gone well tonight , my friend .
tr	6	Perhaps she had the same thought , but the mood didn 't last .
tr	6	The sound of a distant , roaring truck engine grew louder in the small office .
tr	6	The spotlights were scanning everywhere .
tr	7	While he scratched various spots , he slowly drifted towards the man .
tr	6	Our televisions , radios , the Internet , my Blackberry , everybody 's communication devises are down because of electrical breakdowns .
tr	6	" I told you , " the one man said .
tr	5	The shepherd missed nothing : posture , hand and eye movements , respiration rate , perspiration .
tr	7	The same work done twice made for excellence in both the workers and their results .
tr	8	I leaned my head against the strong but rickety door , no longer caring about the cobwebs or the chickens .
tr	9	I felt embarrassed sitting in her house , on her bed , wearing her pajamas .
tr	8	He chuckled as his mouth once again captured her mouth .
tr	9	The pillion rider shredding the club owner like a Swiss cheese before the bike zoomed off into the night .
tr	8	I had to invent something .
tr	8	Sleazy had died a few minutes earlier and now Roadkill was down .
tr	8	The woman continued to stroke Natalie 's head as if she were a small child .
tr	6	Any similarities to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental and not intended by the Author .
tr	10	The ground was fast approaching ... Well this is it ... Goodbye beautiful world , thanks for having me .
tr	7	Shannon pulled a purple cell phone out of her purse and glanced at the time .
tr	10	" Well , I told you the rise was a half a degree a week .
tr	11	' So you were trying to find a cure for cancer ? '
tr	5	" No reason , " he finally answered .
tr	7	" Let 's drink , " he shouted with a smile , raising his glass .
tr	6	The cop driving the car gripped the steering wheel in a death grip .
tr	7	Herb did last minute checks and gave the order to fire .
tr	5	Yes , that 's right .
tr	10	Something must have happened to him but what ?
tr	11	Chase partially closed his eyes , letting the golden rays of the sun touched his lids .
tr	8	I threw my arms up in the air and yelled , " Oh , come on ! "
tr	6	" The wise ones , the good ones , the knowing ones , " they had called them .
tr	8	" Well don 't be too hard on him .
tr	9	Sometimes the raiders returned with frantic captives , or with grim tokens of victory in fight .
tr	10	At least we give him a chance to save the leg , " David reasoned .
tr	8	What are we going to do ? "
tr	7	Claire watched her leave , then went out to the lobby and dialled Kim 's number .
tr	7	He gave it to you ... right ? "
tr	6	And with that , Atticus left out to the chilled night air .
tr	9	They drew out long swords from their sides -- what was this , the 1800 's ?
tr	7	" But I didn 't do anything , " I cried out , he wasn 't listening .
tr	6	" Good afternoon , sir , " she replied in mellifluous English .
tr	8	I just knew it happened , trucks pulled up and things came on board .
tr	8	Rafe set his jaw , his fingers curling into fists .
tr	8	You may have heard about our Fort Campbell raid ?
tr	8	" He 's been at it a whole month and hasn 't sold a single gun . "
tr	6	Ben and William are still stirring the pot .
tr	6	How did you find them ?
tr	8	" I eat here because my life is empty . "
tr	9	She leaned in and offered her lips without saying a word .
tr	5	" One , " Jessica replied instantly .
tr	9	Another was already approaching Connor from the starboard side of the yacht .
tr	6	' My dear Tomas , why ever should I do that ? '
tr	7	But so much has happened -- " He shook his head in resigned bewilderment .
tr	8	Gabe knocks on the bathroom door , opens it and drops in the clothes without looking .
tr	11	They ended up having to ask the police the way .
tr	11	" I thought you hadn 't finished the search of the Mason 's yet ? "
tr	8	She stood up and went slowly in the house , but she turned suddenly .
tr	7	Chapter 2 : After the raider incident , the yacht spent the next week on open water .
tr	6	" One affects the other , " the man replied with palpable hesitation despite his immense size .
tr	9	Laying him down , I shut his eyes and covered my work by shifting his jacket .
tr	8	Cal asked with a look of innocent puzzlement .
tr	11	" I 'm glad they got out in one piece , " said Edwin .
tr	11	Anna took the seat he vacated , reached for the mouse and slowly scrolled down the pages on the display .
tr	7	A look of understanding and a bit of apprehension crossed her face .
tr	11	Teddy was just starting his second alcohol laden Guinness and third ' mind blowing ' dessert when it finally sank in .
tr	6	" Gabe doesn 't know , does he ? "
tr	9	Georgie decided to keep going .
tr	8	She was too young for this , too inexperienced .
tr	9	He gave everything in devoted service and never allowed himself to make attachments .
tr	8	" Jim asked , " Ready to resume command sir . "
tr	7	Especially flying phones - whatever that meant .
tr	7	" I bet Ronald Reagan didn 't . "
tr	8	" No , you can go it alone but it 's a pretty risky proposition " he replied .
tr	8	He must have fallen asleep for a bit .
tr	10	' We wondered if you 'd heard our demo , ' Raphael said .
tr	10	It 's all he could think of .
tr	7	By the time we got out into the open air , the battle was pretty much over .
tr	10	" ... like you 've been dragged through the mud .
tr	6	Drug trafficking was one thing , kidnapping and terrorist activity was another .
tr	5	007 , Toby , Jacob and Victoria watched her bounce away .
tr	5	Look , Luc and I met a long , long time ago .
tr	10	She stopped , unable to say the unthinkable words .
tr	8	' If this virus is set loose -- ' He lapsed into abrupt silence .
tr	7	I pressed my right hand against the fingerprint recognition screen and stared into the retinal scanner above it .
tr	11	Llama was working his way up the middle of the slight valley with Wry and Reaper .
tr	9	Andy looked around and could only see a smudge of land off his left wing to the north .
tr	9	Billy shrieked in pain as the hooked ends of the canes jabbed painfully at his arms and neck .
tr	11	Several vital systems are cut , forcing the engines to go dark .
tr	6	The path ahead narrowed to a wooden bridge over a rushing stream .
tr	7	The car came to a stop and Amanda rolled her window down .
tr	9	" But that doesn 't change the risk she presents . "
tr	11	" I didn 't know it would be like that .
tr	9	Wilbur was obsessed with the idea of flying .
tr	7	The bay window is painted black by the night sky .
tr	7	The second looped high into the airs and dove again back toward the other .
tr	8	I may not resist the call of my king .
tr	8	" The blossom whose scent brings deep sleep .
tr	7	Jolie wasn 't shoving me into his freezer .
tr	9	" Maybe we should try feeding this to the zombies .
tr	9	" I don 't know what to do ! "
tr	7	His concentration is off , and he is a second too slow .
tr	10	Calvin explained that they 'd only needed voices that day .
tr	5	" What , like a mad scientist ? "
tr	10	" Well ... mutiny is what other folks 'd call it .
tr	7	' Anybody see a way out of this ? '
tr	10	" Sergeant Major Givens here would like to lead the mission , " said the Commander .
tr	11	Besides , how will Old Meatball find out that we didn 't stay in there ?
tr	8	He lowered his head to her breast , closing hungry lips around her .
tr	7	He walked over to the same exit and left the room .
tr	7	The mockingbirds and the finches were filling the air with their melodies .
tr	10	With what 's coming to me .
tr	10	I had to go to work .
tr	8	Our first mining expedition must begin on schedule , " continued Ryan .
tr	9	There was no energy to be proud and stern , not now .
tr	9	" You won 't start this kind of thing , will you ? "
tr	6	" Well , keep it up , " Tori said and left .
tr	8	said Anatole with an enthusiastic grin , punching the air with his fist .
tr	10	We talked face to face when his body crumpled .
tr	8	Riki shouted , coming into the room .
tr	7	In many ways , he didn 't look any different from his men .
tr	10	But you have to work in the kitchen some mornings and help the maids , too .
tr	6	And the wind never stopped its flat dirge over the Fens .
tr	9	' That 's the data from Hubert 's latest research , ' she said impatiently .
tr	8	Now that the rest 're back , I haven ' got a prayer .
tr	9	Ron Gurney here , how 're things ? "
tr	6	" You know , " he shrugged , " some things just fall on the back burner . "
tr	8	Her focus was on getting her boy back .
tr	9	I might be able to help . '
tr	11	She breathed , coughing when ashes rose from the ground .
tr	8	It seems all but foolhardy to refuse .
tr	8	I mean , the ones that attacked ? "
tr	9	Chris smiled again to see pirate democracy in action .
tr	6	" Sammie , " he decided then flipped the leaf over .
tr	9	As if on cue , it spotted them .
tr	7	Testing ' all knowing ' White Eagle Woodpecker had done many jobs in his life .
tr	10	It is a consequence all pilots of the dragon fleet must accept . "
tr	8	Kaylie slid the door open when they arrived , excited .
tr	10	He reached to take the cover away and fell back as a searing pain clawed at his side .
tr	7	A pungent odor of incense wafted through the air , and a chill hung over the place .
tr	7	The sun broke across the mountains and washed the sky with a brilliant hue .
tr	11	She sat for awhile , then stirred and returned to work .
tr	10	" I am still not comfortable with Maya joining us on this mission . "
tr	8	I lifted my head from under my arms and peered over the lip of the trench .
tr	10	Sweat dripped down his face and mixed with the frosting stuck in every crevice .
tr	9	However , he said that something wasn 't right , and accused the girl of stealing .
tr	10	What was going to happen to her ?
tr	6	And suddenly , for some reason , all eyes in the room turned toward me .
tr	7	This is peace by exhaustion .
tr	11	Taylor looked at Wilbur with raised eyebrows , " I guess you got yourself a partner , partner .
tr	7	The Wednesday market is still held to this day . "
tr	9	" I love you , " she managed to say again ; butterflies scattering around her stomach and throat .
tr	10	" The WTR , or whatever the hell they want to call themselves , is in shambles . "
tr	9	" You could at least pretend you were sorry . "
tr	8	" Majesty , we learned only this morning of a dangerous plot against you .
tr	7	Don 't worry about Sky .
tr	9	The stout little engine had been granted another lease on life .
tr	8	Giant trees hemmed in the small pool where his horse had just drunk .
tr	7	He quickly folded the napkin , turned and folded again , and pulled on two corners .
tr	8	Aria frowns angrily and asks , " Why are you asking that ?
tr	6	I said , " What ? "
tr	8	after all how many rounds of golf can you play ?
tr	10	VIN could see that Ryan was getting excited .
tr	9	I want you to take Noah 's place . "
tr	9	I think you should come home soon .
tr	7	Logan held up a hand , cutting me off .
tr	10	Maybe he should call them " Ryan 's Angels , " but decided to get on with business .
tr	7	The man blinked and gazed at me blindly .
tr	10	Tarleton helped the guides settle the dogs before they set out .
tr	9	Thomas Jefferson wore his trademark powdered wig , but it was anybody 's guess what gender he was .
tr	8	He drummed his fingers on the desk and looked at William , juggling his eyebrows slowly .
tr	9	" I do not wish to hurt you further . "
tr	8	" He can 't help himself , Duke , " said Santa Claus from behind the two men .
tr	11	You never call me unless it 's to tell me off . "
tr	9	I threw the memory stick at Reid .
tr	6	" But the quicker we find her , or she contacts us , the better . "
tr	6	I was a beautiful man , now look at me ! "
tr	8	" You know where it is , right ? "
tr	11	No need to really , because that man you scared off his bike was the station commander .
tr	9	He gave her two hundreds and gruffly told her to get out .
tr	6	The barrel slid again , and this time it did not stop .
tr	9	Maybe doctors that care for children are more approachable .
tr	7	In most things Rafe was completely open with Finan and himself .
tr	9	Josh moved to the edge of the sofa , his face white .
tr	7	" Check with Missing Persons , " said David .
tr	11	I suppose you could blast it open , but I doubt you 'll have the time . "
tr	9	I hope you 'll hear me .
tr	6	Taking the hint , the fat man abruptly climbed up to the next row .
tr	9	It was warmer in the bowl and would be until the sun set .
tr	9	I have no idea where Gunnar might be . "
tr	10	The conversation cheered Alejo up more than he could have imagined .
tr	8	Tim took a peek and seeing no one about , they slipped into the yard and ran over to the shed .
tr	9	She wanted to go back , but it had already disappeared out of sight .
tr	9	If Jeff loves kids he can entertain Sky while we have a proper natter . "
tr	6	" I 'm still me , but I 'm also something else .
tr	11	And , I wanted to thank you for saving my life .
tr	6	There were arms and legs everywhere , like a praying mantis , only with muscles .
tr	9	A world that belonged to the strong and the fearless .
tr	8	" Now let 's get back to our mission .
tr	7	With his light skin , he did look a lot like an Afghani .
tr	10	I 'm going to file a complaint -- oh , look ! "
tr	8	He buckled his seatbelt then started the truck .
tr	9	He was too excited discovering the contents of the bag .
tr	8	" Well , let 's turn the water on then , " Michael suggested .
tr	10	They looked like they were coming out of the ground .
tr	5	" My poor library , my poor , beautiful books . "
tr	9	" You know we Marines never leave base without something . "
tr	5	" Sleeping , " replied Adele .
tr	8	I have to save them .
tr	7	I handed him my pocket computer , just in case , and stretched my arms out .
tr	6	She couldn 't see , couldn 't think , the pressure building in her head , in her brain .
tr	9	" We need Human blood in order to deliver our young . "
tr	5	Of all the preternatural powers , this was the most sacred .
tr	7	" We would be delighted , " said Anderson , smiling broadly .
tr	8	As he executed his bow , Chris asked , " Where you been staying ? "
tr	8	" It 's a long way to the coast , " he said presently , withdrawing his lips from hers .
tr	7	Mark calmly pitched the axe head in his hands aside and turned back to Pete .
tr	7	" I seen ' im , Mack , " one man said .
tr	7	All told , it 'd be maybe a ninety foot swim .
tr	9	It took us a while to get him back in the house .
tr	8	asked Wolf Eyes , with one of those funny , questioning looks .
tr	6	A tear trembles on her lower eyelid then makes the jump to her cheek .
tr	7	" Rafe protected us from the worst ; it was actually rather fun . "
tr	7	Gabe stands up , but I beat him to the door .
tr	8	Moments later , the metal panel holding my collection of weapons descended from the recess in the ceiling .
tr	10	The Devil Spirit looked down on them with a glare that made the men cry out .
tr	5	" Commander , " Paul 's voice reverberated down the corridor .
tr	9	He knew that the smell was very familiar , but he just couldn 't put his finger on it .
tr	10	There 's a place reserved for you there , part time until you finish school , full-time afterward .
tr	11	If we are to fight for him , tell us who he might be . "
tr	6	Gripping the Springfield tightly , Tarleton made his way in that direction .
tr	7	That seemed rather antiquated to me , considering the doctoral profession .
tr	10	Claire tried to smile but her face was frozen in a mask of fear .
tr	9	She was beginning to hate apples .
tr	7	" Only one way to find out , " Taylor encouraged him .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	11	Lynn was so scared she just wanted to run .
tr	8	It would have to do .
tr	6	A short while into their hike back home the two hunters came upon a familiar face .
tr	11	Yes , she remembered now , that was where they had fallen .
tr	9	" Oh , they 're big on the Royal Family in New Zealand .
tr	9	" Besides , then you 'll have to face Zeal . "
tr	8	" I need you to save my grandfather .
tr	10	They stared behind him to where the feline shape moved toward the brick deck .
tr	6	" You can 't stop me now ! "
tr	9	I think we should do it . "
tr	9	" That one should get his attention , " Tim said as the last page loaded up onto the laptop .
tr	7	Rats and the occasional dog wandered nearby , and the water from some runoff dripped incessantly .
tr	7	Taking a firmer grip on the latch , he applied a little force to the door .
tr	7	His faceplate was shattered and so he discarded the now useless helmet .
tr	10	' You said you left the victim 's apartment at around thirteen hundred ? '
tr	6	' Are these the two men you want me to coach ? '
tr	6	Her cuts healed quickly and after these days , only scars remained .
tr	6	" Keep your voice down , " he instructed in a commanding , hushed tone .
tr	9	I was sure she meant well .
tr	10	All of a sudden Megan saw that there was a hole in the floor .
tr	10	He tries to stand then falls .
tr	9	" We 've got to get down there ! "
tr	6	It was gruesome to behold , as sparks really leapt neatly out of its little black eyes . "
tr	8	Already , my vision was starting to blur .
tr	11	' What say we get the hell out of here ? '
tr	5	" Hello there , Hank , " said one pleasantly .
tr	5	Evil or not , good or not , I wanted you . "
tr	7	Every gallon will be pure , clean , distilled water , and several gallons flown up on every flight .
tr	11	" This is news to me that I 've done anything wrong , " said Michael in bewilderment .
tr	10	Another man looked up at him , his only sign of life a rapid blinking of his eyes .
tr	9	Lifting it to his lips , he flinches when a reflection of light hits his eye just right .
tr	11	It was creation that had access to me .
tr	5	" Okay , but I 'm not her father .
tr	7	" Roberto , why didn 't you tell me ?
tr	11	An order for all military forces to mobilize and report to their units was transmitted over the open airwaves .
tr	8	My father inherited a bit of land from my grandfather and about a dozen slaves .
tr	5	" The Democrats , the Republicans , it 's all the same .
tr	8	he barked , storming after her .
tr	8	Walking to the table , he brought the food over and helped her to eat .
tr	6	Chapter Four A wide array of visitors were already in attendance at the morning meal .
tr	9	' They 're to support the tunnel entrance , ' replied Friedrich .
tr	6	" No , he tore their throats , stomachs and entrails out " George answered .
tr	10	It was the first time anyone had said it out loud .
tr	11	" COME OUT AND GET WHAT 'S COMING TO YOU ! "
tr	9	Jonesy finally found his mouth as the truck driver hooted his loud horn behind them .
tr	6	" But we 're not done , you and I. " Jace put his hand to the bars .
tr	11	That was why the inn was the busiest for miles -- it was the only inn for miles .
tr	8	He could see their outlines , only solid shapes of black silhouetted against the light sky .
tr	8	A massive blast of energy engulfs the dragon , almost blinding the panicked and fleeing crowd .
tr	11	They came to rest side by side on soft supports .
tr	9	Now fully exposed to the weight of the water , the cracks were growing .
tr	6	The flip side , lem me think , the flip side was ... LE : " Macarthur Park . "
tr	5	Tap , tap , tap and the red slash once again consumed the screen .
tr	9	Simon looked around unsure as to the meaning of the latest instruction .
tr	6	Of course , in my defense , my towel was at least dark green and not pink . "
tr	8	After another half hour they had all five bodies , but no sign of buried treasure .
tr	11	" I guess it 's been an emotional couple of days . "
tr	9	If you tell anyone about us , the authorities and media will find out .
tr	6	" I do not understand , " replied Finan slowly .
tr	7	His mother and sister would look after her .
tr	11	" Are you able to see the readings from your suit ? "
tr	7	" Come , Finan , we both know Rafe ... " " Not like this , " interrupted Finan evenly .
tr	6	" Just did , go ahead and explain . "
tr	9	He could feel the blood draining from his face .
tr	9	If they are having sex or watching TV .
tr	10	She pulled the door closed with her left hand and pulled the shifter to the drive position with her right .
tr	9	The war party , some of the braves using the old canoes , made its way across the river .
tr	9	The key snapped the locks closed with a chilling click .
tr	8	He only needed to hear one thing now .
tr	9	The glow began to spread out over the heart .
tr	10	What he 's willing to do .
tr	9	Do you believe me ? "
tr	8	Their collective fates were in his hands as they saw it .
tr	8	For a moment , fear gripped her heart and her knees buckled .
tr	9	" I 'll speak to the Minister about letting you out . "
tr	9	They all wore the same type tunics -- off-white wool and in desperate need of replacement .
tr	5	But partly , this year at least , it was the whole Marya thing .
tr	11	" Remember the chips that were inserted into them ? "
tr	10	He then reached into a drawer for a magnifying glass and started to examine it more closely .
tr	6	THE WILD , WILD QUEST ( Book One ) By J. A. Johnson , Jr. .
tr	7	they 'll all dive underground , we 'd be screwed !
tr	7	" I didn 't mean it like that . "
tr	10	A horror of youth lost and destroyed , an innocence that would never return .
tr	8	There was nothing to say .
tr	5	Across the dance floor , on the opposite wall , hung a giant digital clock .
tr	8	No putting your feet in the water , Riki ! "
tr	9	Steve perched his arms on the fender and watched , keeping a sideways eye on the nearby bear .
tr	11	Ted managed to lift one arm and make a shooing motion with his fingers .
tr	9	The long walk made them work up a sweat and the sudden lack of movement caused them to cool down quickly .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " Jan mused quietly .
tr	9	" Very good , " Taylor agreed , " you two stay put and get going on the catalog .
tr	11	Those are cheap features to produce .
tr	6	" Oh , there you are , " she said .
tr	10	I didn 't want to go in there .
tr	8	I didn 't had words to spill , and to repeat amazed was not good enough .
tr	8	He was genuine but he made her sad , he reminded her of what was .
tr	10	Now you 're going to cry , or scream , or have hysterics or something .
tr	11	Ted could see that Joe was skating on the edge .
tr	9	" What 're you going to do ?
tr	9	When the Master told you to go , you went with no questions asked .
tr	9	, " he trailed off , shaking his head with a grin .
tr	11	" They were where you said they would be .
tr	7	" Get up and sit down on the porch .
tr	5	After a minute , though , she put away her notebook and pencil .
tr	8	At least Jonesy is losing less money on women than on gambling !
tr	10	" Awwww , is the baby gon na cry now ? "
tr	11	She kept moaning as his pants fell to his feet .
tr	9	The destruction of the Orb had not gone well for the local stocks of food and water .
tr	7	Noah blinked , then settled back slowly into his chair .
tr	7	You seem a bit ... distracted , " I chided playfully .
tr	9	In real combat that 'd likely disable my opponent -- the whole point of the game , so to speak .
tr	7	' It 's alright , ' Richard said , ' you 've done nothing wrong . '
tr	10	We 'll go around there , against the spur of the hill , and stay in shadow as long as possible .
tr	6	Cisco sighed and closed his eyes .
tr	10	By this point , there were dozens of people milling about the kitchen .
tr	9	When Gabe speaks again , his voice is so low I almost miss his words .
tr	11	Let her try to stop me .
tr	9	They want you to move your entire operation to Florida .
tr	10	" Do you thing that 's wise ? "
tr	8	" I know exactly what you mean , Jen .
tr	8	We were all together the night before the raid on our village .
tr	8	My ears keep watch while my eyes sleep . "
tr	9	Ryan made the same seizing sound as Grand tore the life from his body .
tr	9	Let me think about it .
tr	9	Katherine woke knowing something terrible had happened .
tr	5	" In fact you actually did that party a favour . "
tr	6	As the video footage played , ' Beta ' simply stood in silence .
tr	11	True spirits , I hope he can 't tell exactly what just happened !
tr	11	" It don 't stand out , that 's for sure , " Gabe says from the front seat .
tr	10	She wanted that bastard to burn .
tr	9	Joe followed close behind and found himself surrounded by the loading docks .
tr	11	' It seems odd that they only wanted to destroy the computer systems .
tr	7	" My fellow Texans , " he said reluctantly , " This is a very sad day for Texas . "
tr	8	" Have the girl go with our men , please . "
tr	8	" No-one said the code was just the numbers . "
tr	9	" Ok , " Steve called as he turned the truck off and got out .
tr	10	They all joined in a spirited conversation again recounting the events of the previous day .
tr	11	He steeped out into the garden , the life giving light on his chest and nature at his feet .
tr	9	The place was about to fall down .
tr	11	I didn 't think he would make it ... " The long miles stretch out ahead of them .
tr	7	Riki was already completely drenched by the surf .
tr	11	But Jesus 's most important sermon was to love one another as you love yourself .
tr	9	" So far , fourteen is feeling a whole lot different than thirteen . "
tr	5	A secret admirer , " Stacy said now wide awake .
tr	9	I smiled as I kept running .
tr	8	" You had him picked up , " he repeated Callum 's words flatly .
tr	9	The occasional farmstead and cultivated field dotted the landscape , and we finally began to see people .
tr	9	There were six girls in her age group today and six boys as well , so naturally they were racing .
tr	5	And besides , after today , those feelings would no longer matter .
tr	8	We climbed down a metal ladder and descended into murky darkness .
tr	9	Do you want one ? "
tr	7	In the meantime , son , you are welcome in my family .
tr	6	Generally , this city has a negative balance , but it is not so bad anymore today .
tr	6	" Aye , soon enough , I 'm just havin ' a look around . "
tr	6	He pulled out both suitcases , the duffle bag , and the assorted shopping bags .
tr	8	I replaced the picture on the desk and hastily left the lab , with the Trojan Keeper heading up the rear .
tr	7	" I , uh , enjoy that , honey -- " " I enjoy swimming , Dad .
tr	10	Tears stung her eyes , but she nodded , hiking back up the hill to him .
tr	8	The controls appeared fairly easy with labels for everything .
tr	10	I guess everyone knew what happened .
tr	7	" I can replicate any food you desire , Jessie . "
tr	9	Elaina walked slowly around the confines of her tent while Cade watched from the middle .
tr	7	" He and a woman companion have left the café and are walking down the street .
tr	7	And she has wounded me , I fear !
tr	6	Finally he placed her underneath the covers .
tr	7	In his hands this thing had destroyed her entire people , had murdered her family .
tr	9	he asked Crane , looking over the girl 's shoulder skeptically .
tr	7	He cursed and twisted the key again frantically .
tr	11	They 're easier to kill than they seem . "
tr	6	Mom , surprisingly , enjoyed fishing ... but not the baiting part , because of her worm phobia .
tr	7	' Hey , ' Katherine said , ' he 's brought Gareth too . '
tr	10	She looked thoughtful as she chewed , and Claire felt unable to turn away .
tr	10	As Furnace withdrew , Virgil tried to regain control of the situation .
tr	8	Then , with a wave over his shoulder -- " Saturday , I mean ! "
tr	8	History concerning our culture prior to ' The Change ' is fragmented , lost over time .
tr	10	" You can 't go back that way , though ; that 's certain .
tr	8	Chapter 18 : The Flight of the Condor Wilbur was a true child of his surroundings .
tr	11	" We have gathered all the remaining food and clothing we could manage .
tr	11	He seemed fit as a fiddle , not the tired old crackpot most considered him to be .
tr	8	" What 's going on in here ? "
tr	10	Billy took a minute to soak in the proposition .
tr	11	If he couldn 't be the winner , of moral arguments or anything else , why bother with life ?
tr	10	Someone has to be held accountable .
tr	7	Some of the stiffness left Rand 's rigid features and he smiled .
tr	8	With one last deep breath she began her dash for the crest of the hill .
tr	10	Chapter 9 Scott awoke to what sounded like a distant rifle shot .
tr	11	I fight because I have something to lose .
tr	9	" If there 's no opposition from the others , we would love to accept . "
tr	9	" Well , I wish you 'd both chill , " he said .
tr	5	' Not exactly pure guesswork , Bas , ' she said .
tr	8	Was I mortified over the loss of Sandra ?
tr	7	If this is true , you must do it now . "
tr	5	Upon spotting Gray , the homeless man 's shuffling gait became more determined .
tr	8	" What if we join forces with the German 's until the money is found ?
tr	9	Turning , Chris saw Barney standing off to the side , next to his ever-present lawyer .
tr	6	" My biggest fear is failing my dad .
tr	11	We are looking at each other , and I realize I should say something , but I can 't think .
tr	9	It was time to set up his dog trap .
tr	9	What began as a tiny group of young nobles soon became an entire network .
tr	10	' This is likely to have been a last minute strategy .
tr	11	" Do they want to kill me ? "
tr	8	The upper floors were larger than the lower giving the whole a top heavy appearance .
tr	10	" They seem to have a good competent leader now from what I hear , " commented Harold .
tr	8	Though his voice was cold and distant , his eyes were fiery darts pinning her to attention to him .
tr	7	" Virgil , " she said , " I simply cannot put up with such impertinence from servants .
tr	6	Mark reckoned the telepath was in a store nearby , in civilian clothes .
tr	9	Benjamin kissed her hard on the lips and petted the top of her head in approval .
tr	6	A chill descended into my bones .
tr	7	Bart Zeigler , Dynamic 's scruffy but well-liked head of development , gestured toward a seat across from his .
tr	6	I closed the blinds and switched the lights on .
tr	9	He was still expecting a flurry of indignant protests , but the room was as still as a crypt .
tr	11	I glanced at Wade , who was obviously lost .
tr	5	There isn 't much time . "
tr	6	The gentle glow of their light sticks seemed a feeble weapon against the thick darkness above and below .
tr	8	Never has there been a family with two , let alone three , Alphas .
tr	10	He charged forward as the shapeshifter climbed back to its feet , its chest caved in .
tr	11	She climbed up to her room as slowly as she dared , watched by Nelly with her fists on her hips .
tr	7	" After two decades of silence , he suddenly unloaded everything .
tr	8	Adele felt a little easier ; this was familiar , this restless impatience .
tr	10	Calvin waved the mail he 'd just picked up .
tr	10	What happened to you was unfair , " Aria replies sadly .
tr	9	" You should have kept going , kid , " Joe said .
tr	8	" Sorry to hear that .
tr	5	" At least thirty , " Jimmy said .
tr	9	I stood up with my feet still tied to the chair .
tr	5	I pull open the cage .
tr	10	He 'd built the front of this house entirely of glass .
tr	8	I had , however , found no trace of the silver tabby .
tr	8	Shadows rippled through the light as troops approached the entrance .
tr	9	She loved to hear Mia talking .
tr	9	You have to undo the web , untie it .
tr	11	It was a trick , a rough decoy to draw the strangers ' lightning .
tr	8	Can we move a functioning organism from one host to another ?
tr	9	It was likely that he was only doing his duty .
tr	5	" But I need it .
tr	10	Primarily , though , because I think that 's where we 'll find the most advanced culture .
tr	10	" I don 't think I am interested , Mr. President , " Ryan replied .
tr	11	He began to get the feeling that for all his good intentions , Tsuyoshi was guessing .
tr	5	Now , understand , I 'm a bastard .
tr	10	Kate felt herself begin to bristle .
tr	8	Back upstairs Rafferty had just made tea for them all .
tr	5	" Tern Hill Barracks , " was the announcement .
tr	6	After a set change and a quick sound check , the lights dimmed again and the crowd went wild .
tr	10	She could not move half of her body and began to gasp for air .
tr	8	I will keep your mother around , for amusement , but you can 't live .
tr	11	What is the problem you have with me ? "
tr	6	Sure enough , a long line of limos and town cars were coasting down the lighted driveway .
tr	9	It felt great to be home .
tr	6	" You 're welcome , " I replied , my voice strange , void , dead .
tr	10	" You 're my sister , and I 'm going to protect you .
tr	11	The dawn light wasn 't bright enough to have dragged her out of sleep .
tr	11	She asks , attempting to sound sensual , but ultimately sounding extremely nervous .
tr	7	With that , Deepa walked past Simon into his mother 's room .
tr	11	" I still don 't understand why we took luggage with us just for two days ? "
tr	10	He didn 't really want to be with anyone .
tr	11	" I think I 'll shower before I eat .
tr	8	" I 'll do one and you do two , " she said to David .
tr	10	Tubes came out of his mouth , extending to large cylinders on his back .
tr	8	" You will face a great danger , but you will overcome everything , " was how Mama explained the dream .
tr	6	As they stirred , the monster quickly released its coiled hooks and latched around the pillar .
tr	7	Ferdinand did not exist in that time . "
tr	8	She smiled and waved at the men on the ship and thought : There was no real danger in this adventure .
tr	9	He strived to be the best and he worked hard at everything .
tr	9	For having hope for a future ?
tr	5	Sure Mr. Chin , how can I help ? "
tr	9	" I 'm not going to like what ? "
tr	6	He sprinted down the short hallway and threw open the door .
tr	8	Except it was in French , damn it .
tr	5	" Two minutes ago , it still was last night . "
tr	10	" I hope she 's long gone by now . "
tr	7	The blade comes from my left and angles slightly across , not directly ahead .
tr	8	" Which leads me to the purpose of my visit .
tr	6	He allowed himself a thin smile .
tr	9	My heart went on a rampage the moment I saw him .
tr	6	" It 's not even a question , " she answered with a weak smile .
tr	10	She took a deep breath to relax before she replied .
tr	6	" It 's getting late . "
tr	6	Her laughter rang through the air .
tr	10	It would be great to catch up .
tr	10	Ten minutes of awkward navigation went by before Seven 's breath gave way into ragged gasps .
tr	7	Yet even after closing his eyes , he felt his mother 's stare .
tr	7	Many hours later , the sun has long since disappeared , and the doctors retire to their tents .
tr	5	She slowly put the chicken back down .
tr	6	Dave said and Rob closed the cap .
tr	6	Trembling lips , sinking ships , a name against them , a thousand names for the morning news .
tr	7	That 's kind of sad , " I retort .
tr	7	Notwithstanding Katherine 's best efforts she couldn 't prepare her friends for the shock .
tr	10	" I am free to make my own decisions and you have no say in them . "
tr	10	' The Bastian Hunters guarding the safe house won 't have a clue who they 're protecting .
tr	11	The sun had now risen above the mountains , which circled Sofia .
tr	10	Cade wasn 't happy that this man had found them and knew what they were .
tr	6	I checked and rechecked my cables and attachments .
tr	6	Just then , a distant shrill cry echoed down from the sky .
tr	9	He sat up to get a better look and whacked his head on something hard .
tr	10	And we 've heard about your Mr Judge and what he gets up to .
tr	9	" They 're happy to see you . "
tr	10	And what do you want from me ? "
tr	9	At the present , everyone was engaged in some aspect of food or energy production .
tr	6	It would work out very well .
tr	8	Elaina wanted to shake her head , to deny it .
tr	7	Kurt scribbled his name in the small window at the top and handed it back .
tr	7	Her voice came back with a more focused and deliberate timbre .
tr	7	Cade 's eyes narrowed at that , but quiet alarm and annoyance flickered on her features .
tr	8	" No , in Iraq during the pullout , " replied VIN catching up to them .
tr	8	" As you 'd guess , I was surprised , but as I was then I did not question it .
tr	10	Sometimes it was best to let people get the wrong idea .
tr	5	" No , a date , Rick . "
tr	7	She clicked Send , and the information shot out across the Atlantic .
tr	7	Maybe we 'll become fast friends , and wouldn 't Gabe be so pleased ?
tr	8	" That is not in the least bit funny , boy .
tr	8	He paused to draw breath .
tr	5	" Yeah , " he says finally .
tr	10	And felt myself begin to shake .
tr	7	Years had gone by , students came and left , but the teacher and the " outsider " stayed the same .
tr	6	The dark orange glow of the setting sun warmed the western horizon like a distant bonfire .
tr	5	" Not a real one : a water gun , Mum !
tr	10	He can defeat Ganondorf without the blade of evil 's bane .
tr	7	The news had spread amongst them .
tr	11	Did you know he has four brothers and a sister , all younger than him !
tr	7	Timber frames propped up sections of the walls .
tr	6	I will bring Pedro back safely . "
tr	5	" A syringe and some other stuff " replied George .
tr	11	I wonder if everything is alright with him and Francesca .
tr	9	Chapter 5 Do I See a C-5 Galaxy Over There ?
tr	10	Recruitment scouts are sent out to military and police units in order to assess reported top performers .
tr	6	Simon stepped forward and held out his right hand .
tr	11	" Do you have any idea why they left ? "
tr	10	' I will never understand how she gave birth to someone as gentle and as kind as your father . '
tr	9	He then motioned to Christy , " Ms. Stapleton , would you please come forward and state your inquiries ? "
tr	7	In his haste he banged his shoulder on one , but he no longer cared for anything except his dry throat .
tr	6	" From this Night on , " you said , " Just tell them the truth . "
tr	10	VIN would wound the man and then work from him across the right side of the group .
tr	11	Drew left Abu at the car while he went exploring for information .
tr	7	There was no signature , but the message was his Mother 's .
tr	9	Next time , he decided , he would leave the horse behind and just walk the two miles to the pasture .
tr	9	The young man turned back , impassive as if everything was just an ordinary thing .
tr	10	She can smell that stuff seeping out of a user 's pores two days after use . "
tr	8	" You need to trust me . "
tr	9	The house itself was of light yellow stucco , surrounded by a high wall .
tr	9	" No , there is a shower head on the bottom of the tank .
tr	11	I waved and he waved back half-heartedly , stunned into reacting without thinking .
tr	10	" Mom , now that everybody 's here , we 're gon na go look for Dad , right ? "
tr	8	" Time to move . "
tr	10	The trees seemed to straighten and the sky opened out before them littered with huge shining stars .
tr	8	Wounded Eagle made the chirp of a tree frog and got an answer back on the second chirp .
tr	7	Aimee and Jolie stood , with their arms around each other , smiling , happy , close .
tr	10	So to keep the program quiet during its early stages , my father kept it far from Castle Destro .
tr	8	" Jason I will be right beside her the whole time .
tr	9	A few seconds later Archie pulled the Comet into another steep turn and began to slowly corkscrew downwards .
tr	8	I said , " Damn glad you did . "
tr	9	The ship shuddered as the shock wave moved past and then it grew still .
tr	5	' And inexperienced young men too , certainly , ' he said quickly .
tr	9	The Ugly Man was across on the other side of the room searching through an open safe .
tr	11	He shifted his position , getting away from a rock pressing between his shoulders .
tr	8	He 'd whisk me back to Pennsylvania and put me back together .
tr	7	" The game is over now , " Rift declares in a voice not his own .
tr	5	shouted Ryan , his body tensed and ready , he hoped , for any eventuality .
tr	7	" You 've got everything here , " commented Jennie .
tr	9	You can be like one of them , see what they see .
tr	8	" One minute to reentry decent .
tr	6	The coyote lifted its head and growled at the man , baring sharp fangs .
tr	10	The shriek becomes a thunderous roar as the larger object suddenly hits the sand at high velocity .
tr	8	' I killed you once , ' he said grimly , removing the blade from its sheath .
tr	11	I wasn 't sure I wanted to know .
tr	7	" Now I will take you to your chamber .
tr	9	But tomorrow he will wish he was dead when the High Priest finds you gone . "
tr	11	Clancy looked about for anything that would give them some cover .
tr	9	He 's in charge of the palace 's security . "
tr	6	Two terrified hearts drum against each other .
tr	7	' So if I take you back now , you 'll sleep on the beach again ? '
tr	5	" But you have a Bible .
tr	8	She grabbed hers and Tori 's bag and ran out of the classroom .
tr	9	Android nodded and gripped the handle with both of his cybernetic hands .
tr	11	They were high enough that they could see the village itself .
tr	7	" We recorded a BBC Three concert last night , and the lads are still packing up the equipment .
tr	10	That is if there is even anyone still working this farm at all . "
tr	7	They were a pair , Birdie and her , and they always went together out into the fields and woods .
tr	8	Go to court to solve it . "
tr	9	That 's what he 's getting at .
tr	5	Worse , perhaps , than isolated apocalyptic cults was the larger political response .
tr	5	" He 's handsome , charming , smart , funny , obviously kind .
tr	9	We don 't want to announce our coming . "
tr	7	All out of tricks , huh ?
tr	8	Tommy should have been scared , but this place felt comfortable .
tr	6	" That was sure a quick interview , " she said with too much false cheer in her voice .
tr	9	When heads kept coming up !
tr	10	" When do you think they 'll attack again ? "
tr	7	" Duchess Gwendolyn , " they both intone simultaneously and mechanically , a slight burp to their imperfect voices .
tr	6	All three groups had the same reaction -- - catch the greased pig .
tr	9	I suspect you each have a few undocumented passengers right now . "
tr	7	Lying on the table were at least six different patterned materials , along with four solid colored fabric choices .
tr	9	Some had even fled across manicured lawns to the beach of the nearby lake .
tr	10	I need to get out of here , he thought .
tr	9	To anyone who would listen .
tr	8	" Hide in here until he 's goes .
tr	5	' Yes , we are , ' she replied quietly .
tr	7	' The two of you are unique , ' he said quietly .
tr	11	The archives were open to all who pursued knowledge .
tr	10	Social Services had insisted that Manuel go to a foster home .
tr	11	I don 't think I could have killed my own family .
tr	10	Amy followed but didn 't spot which directory Barbara flipped open .
tr	11	" I don 't know how long you 've been here but we need to go . "
tr	8	Elaina wouldn 't touch the water for days after her disastrous swimming lesson .
tr	6	I kicked the guy in the shins .
tr	6	Braun shook his head , " Just names , ranks and serial numbers mostly . "
tr	10	He stood by a pillar with ivy wrapped around it and faced Malcolm .
tr	9	" Announce what goes on here to the Empress , " I ordered .
tr	7	We 'd discuss it later , I was sure .
tr	11	Eda moved towards the flames instantly , drawn by the promise of warmth .
tr	10	" Yeah , but you 'll notice there aren 't any Pop-Tarts , " Ted replied .
tr	7	( But really , of course , because an over reliance on drugs had sapped his face muscles . )
tr	9	" You are still recovering from the last attack , for goodness sake . "
tr	5	" It supposedly says , Forty Feet Below Two Million Pounds Are Buried . "
tr	9	How should we go about getting it ? "
tr	8	Somehow , the Prince knew , his brother was coming straight for him and would not be stopped .
tr	9	As they grow , they fill with color , as if blood flowed into them .
tr	6	" Spencer , this is Joanna , Marilyn , Jade , Callie , Willow , Quinn , and Jessie . "
tr	10	After they trussed the poor guy up I realized that 's exactly what they were .
tr	10	The dawn lightened the edge of the horizon , increasing the barrier to returning home .
tr	9	But if her teacher could look on now , he would see her strength .
tr	6	The man waved him away , then indicated the only other chair in the room to Nate .
tr	11	Sarah literally vibrated with the anxiety that pulsed through her at his words .
tr	8	We could hear the mob even from the palace 's steps .
tr	11	Miriam asked , " What is the name of Little Star in your language ? "
tr	8	He used fear and hunger to control the population .
tr	8	We are not accustomed to the open sky and the naked sun .
tr	11	Sometimes when she thought he was in a mood , he was just lining things up in his head .
tr	8	I 'm open to ideas and suggestions , but I will make the decisions . "
tr	8	She moved to block the door instead .
tr	7	Both men stood listening intently .
tr	6	" Come , your next opponent waits , " he demanded and walked by me .
tr	6	The piece was ancient , massive , and profoundly thick .
tr	5	A tiny thing , skin and bones , narrow face , pale hair .
tr	11	It had been a long time since he had done anything like this .
tr	6	The reins in his hands were slippery .
tr	6	" That 's the main problem , " said Reggie evenly .
tr	10	didn 't think I was that popular ' round here anyway . "
tr	10	Kim tapped the control pad a few times and a warbling tone followed from Tony 's phone .
tr	9	He had certainly grown attached to us in a hurry .
tr	8	" Haven 't I said ?
tr	10	VIN was surprised at how compact the spacecraft really was inside .
tr	9	" Yes , I 've seen some of that logic , " said Toby .
tr	9	The terrain here would be rougher than in the middle valley .
tr	7	I grabbed my arm , the pain screaming in my mind and I fell to my knees .
tr	5	Finally , with a slow inevitability , the arrows did their job .
tr	10	" Mom , I have to go to the bathroom , " Tori said .
tr	9	Sensing that the jig was up Mr. Big disappeared like a black and white flash .
tr	6	Awe for my dad grew .
tr	6	" Roger that , over , " said Alvin from the other side .
tr	6	Dr. Warner roughly placed paddles back on tray .
tr	7	I scowled at him and pulled a paper clip from my pocket .
tr	9	Cade smiled at the thought , but said , " You can 't rebuild everything . "
tr	6	Malcolm choked on a grape .
tr	10	Rafe smiled and gripped her waist , pulling her from the chair to perch on his knee .
tr	9	The edges of their clothes were frayed and each had a dozen or more holes , noticeable from ten yards away .
tr	9	She said turning to go .
tr	11	It was the same one that took Janelle all those years ago .
tr	6	" ' The man whom I most trust ' . "
tr	5	" Hey , Morning , slow up .
tr	9	She looked at Cisco , panic filling her dark brown eyes .
tr	7	The accident that he had caused .
tr	6	What do I tell him ?
tr	9	The burst of combined charge charred his face and the force of the resultant blow sent him flying into his comrades .
tr	10	Nothing was spared as even zoos were raided , and their collections butchered and eaten .
tr	8	A sudden shout from the bodyguard made me look forward .
tr	6	With that little joke her lightheartedness was back in full bloom .
tr	7	Delicate ; that was how she looked .
tr	7	At the vanishing point , the mountains took over ; climbing away to the sky .
tr	9	' Come down when you 're ready , ' she added gently and closed the door behind her .
tr	7	I built this country up from an anarchic , crime ridden rubbish tip to a crime free , vibrant economy .
tr	9	He 'd left room in the center for the Lizard den .
tr	8	" Let 's don 't rush it , darling , " she said .
tr	6	" Simon , come and have some tea . "
tr	10	He snapped it shut and shoved it back into his waist jacket .
tr	8	Her lifelong friend since kindergarten , Jimmy knew something was wrong .
tr	9	I think if the main guy is here at all , he 's one of the two goons .
tr	6	Twenty-one Finally , the big day arrived .
tr	11	Calvin had listened , and Katherine relaxed more than she 'd done in weeks .
tr	11	The silence grew heavy with expectation as I struggled to find the right words .
tr	6	I said , " Certainly Herb . "
tr	9	" What the , " she starts , her voice originating from the stone itself .
tr	5	Was she simple-minded , crippled , ugly , vain , pious , flighty , domineering , greedy , promiscuous ?
tr	8	" You know Laurence , it 's something that you don 't know .
tr	10	It took him a moment to get his wits back and follow her lead .
tr	6	One day , after a particularly boring Cosmic History lesson , Raj just threw his hands up in the air .
tr	5	Chris turned and shut off the television .
tr	11	She wouldn 't wish the same on the boy for even the briefest of periods .
tr	7	That was very rude of me .
tr	10	" I thought you might know something about that .
tr	7	I wasn 't as intensive as the other pupils .
tr	11	Aiden joined the group , attempting to hide his face behind Hagan .
tr	8	Some were a little brown with age , but all were in good order .
tr	8	He guessed the bin to be about half-full .
tr	7	Oh and I practice Shaolin . "
tr	7	Dried and powdered , taken with or without honey , it gave instant relief .
tr	7	The doctor rushed to her side , working over her .
tr	9	She does not want to hear everything .
tr	7	With a mash of gears , Amanda disappeared down the narrow street .
tr	7	They hesitated no longer , but at once rushed into the balcony , and from thence dropped into the garden .
tr	7	In the 1820 's he served in both the Tennessee legislature and the U.S. House of Representatives .
tr	9	It 's thanks to Seamus and God Himself that it was done and we 're here safe .
tr	9	Unfortunately they didn 't see much of Robbie at all ... ... .
tr	9	Pretend to be of them !
tr	7	The first line of defense should be the average citizen 's diligent and natural suspicion .
tr	9	" Did that school of yours give you a yearbook .
tr	10	She slapped his face with the flat of her blade for good measure before she cried " Yield ! "
tr	10	The light was fading fast when we made our final descent to the base several hours later .
tr	8	The people shuffled out of the back of the Luton box truck .
tr	10	We 're trying to blend in , remember ? "
tr	7	As Whisper left the hotel , the first snowfall for the winter arrived in Treviso .
tr	6	" Should we go after ' em ? "
tr	11	Her garb was similar to his , except that she wore a broad leather belt instead of a girdle .
tr	9	' It seems wrong , shooting bullets into people , ' she murmured , her hands stilling on the gun .
tr	5	What a truly royal treat !
tr	8	" It 's too late for that my dear , " he assures with a weak chuckle .
tr	9	It rotated in front of them , filling most of the five-foot display .
tr	11	" Do you think it 's possible ? "
tr	11	Riesling hesitated between them , uncertain who he ought to follow .
tr	7	I draw back the covers and step out of the bed .
tr	9	Where was she going to get this help ?
tr	5	" But the governess , " Barbara insisted .
tr	8	Moving the hard piece of bread aside , he put the fruit on the plate .
tr	10	Black Scorpion ran out of the cave , laughing , as the old women threw the burning stick .
tr	10	Anna has another race in ten minutes , can 't you just explain it ? "
tr	9	I stammered , clutching the prisoner 's arm , forgetting the Band-Aids .
tr	11	She tried to be stronger than she was .
tr	9	Wonder why they 've brought me down from Hereford ?
tr	8	" I 've ... never been outside of Lucien before . "
tr	9	I needed to take the money and run .
tr	9	" You are fortunate , my friend ; I have prepared words of wisdom on both subjects . "
tr	7	He drops the bag and fishes a gun from his waist band .
tr	8	Its rocky surface overlook the creepy forest at the foot of the Dark Fall Mountains .
tr	7	But at the same time , the moment is ripe for change .
tr	9	To the warriors she said , " I speak to anyone I choose .
tr	7	" Come on , Neil , let 's go . "
tr	7	" That is rude , and beneath you .
tr	7	" I thought ... " Mike just shook his head and smiled .
tr	5	" Who the hell is Tony Wei ?
tr	8	John took his plate of eggs and sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	5	" Today , we have a special treat .
tr	7	" My family can go on ahead , and we can meet them .
tr	8	He glared at the wall of foliage .
tr	8	The two were equal -- gentlemen of wealth and skill .
tr	6	" I don 't understand , Edward , " she pleaded .
tr	8	Julie wanted to hold Kim .
tr	6	" This is no game , " she states with a blazing sincerity .
tr	11	He wondered if that 's what he had seen .
tr	8	I know how difficult things have been .
tr	11	I do need to know you .
tr	9	Landon knelt in the grass beside Elaina , hand on her shoulder .
tr	10	I chuckled at Di Luca 's obvious overindulgence and waited for my friend to answer .
tr	11	I would appreciate it if you remain seated here for the next few minutes .
tr	8	He sat very still , absorbed in his plans .
tr	8	" Well , yes and no ... hmmm , I guess it 's time for that science lesson after all . "
tr	9	He looked around and found himself covered in sand .
tr	6	Burnett cut his gaze from one side to the other , always aware , always on guard .
tr	10	And I assure you that I mean no harm to you or to your family . "
tr	10	It 's your job to follow the clues and save him .
tr	8	They broke for lunch in the lea of a glacial moraine before carrying on .
tr	7	" What happened in Tortuga ? "
tr	10	Then they went back to whatever they were doing .
tr	11	Exhausted by the effort of being fed Noah fell asleep again while Bump proudly kept watch .
tr	9	He decided to just come right out and say it , without beating around the bush .
tr	10	There was no one there to see us !
tr	8	A pounding in his head , a sickly sweet scent in the air and salty , metallic stickiness on his lips .
tr	7	Atticus peeked out from around the stairway further down the hall .
tr	9	I 'm not at liberty to say . "
tr	11	We chose the slavery side and have been living with the ignorant decision for generations .
tr	7	Jessica passed her the key and held her breath .
tr	8	The flight was en route to Hawaii from Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in North Carolina .
tr	7	The two continued up the road to the two-story building with a stone chimney and a large covered porch .
tr	8	" You 're a brave lad , young John , " Donovan said , nodding at John .
tr	7	Marshall crossed the dark street with no difficulty , then entered the diner .
tr	8	I have to feed , so that 's what I do . "
tr	8	His chin rested against his chest as if he were napping .
tr	8	However , working in the leading posts of this organisation was a difficult test .
tr	9	Snow Job considered for a moment before it came to him .
tr	7	It may have been an accident .
tr	8	The firelight deepened the lines around her mouth , hid her eyes in the sockets .
tr	7	Commander Merit Badge looked down on the ground and saw Atticus 's shadow from up on the roof .
tr	9	Cracks ran down the plastered walls and grit was on the floor .
tr	6	" We 're back at the truck .
tr	9	Sophia nudged Natalie and they both inched their way towards the card table .
tr	11	Yet she thought seeing them hatch would complete her understanding .
tr	7	" They can see each other across the whole world ? "
tr	9	I can make it to the bed on my own . "
tr	6	" Of course , my lord , " replied Lady Adele , seating herself .
tr	6	" That 's good thinking , " Taylor complimented him with a smile .
tr	7	His suit was just tattered strips of black fabric .
tr	10	Alfred walked off the elevator , hesitated , and turned to look back at the open door .
tr	7	She also loves sweet red wine , the SF 49ers , and unlike most authors , doesn 't have any cats .
tr	7	Long , fluid limbs and dark hair combed back give him a hint of feral strength .
tr	9	Indeed he marveled at the unity of mind and body and his soul seemed to rejoice !
tr	7	For a moment he fancied that she hesitated .
tr	7	- Episode 6 - Tossed aside into a pile several strange items were laid in a clearing .
tr	7	The total square footage far exceeded that of the executive building on the surface .
tr	10	He asks , pointing to the option on the left .
tr	8	Cue weeping from the woman .
tr	9	She clasped her hands as the fear sifted through her .
tr	6	Her voice too , smooth and low and dangerous , asked simply , " Name ? "
tr	6	" No , I 'm not , I 'm actually on Heaven . "
tr	7	" The scoundrels performed pretty well , didn 't they ?
tr	8	She blamed it for the rush of hot , needling tears , nevertheless .
tr	7	" We keep two chefs in service .
tr	8	Marco leaves the Prism to take up agriculture .
tr	7	Sandal glared at him , then forked a bite of pancake rather violently .
tr	5	" But sir , the road and the bridge are county property . "
tr	8	Sampson slapped his hand down and snarled , " They wouldn 't dare ! "
tr	6	Here and there , in the dry earth , we saw our own footprints still there from our original trip through .
tr	5	" Oh well , okay , after all , you 're the conquering heroes !
tr	6	Billy and Tommy , on the other hand , could be big trouble .
tr	8	She gave Jimmy some beef jerky and a bottle of water .
tr	9	Alex was floored with compassion for the story .
tr	10	' They 'll be trying to kill you .
tr	7	Maybe he should drop his coins , he thought , and start a bank .
tr	9	What to tell you . "
tr	8	He could only hear the clanking of metal behind him .
tr	10	Chapter Twenty Nine Rafe suffered an uncomfortably restless night and had no trouble laying the blame firmly at Adele 's door .
tr	10	Chapter 4 -- Changes in the Air Getting the locks repaired and closed was a top priority .
tr	7	" I checked it out with legal , " Parnell breezed , glad of some light conversation .
tr	6	Mouth open , he rubbed his tongue at her center , in a long , slow lick .
tr	7	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental .
tr	9	Finan forced a smile that he was obviously far from feeling .
tr	8	But she had to be careful .
tr	8	We 'll come to that later , but you gentlemen most certainly harmed the Faith that day .
tr	6	" In the meantime , " Sarah said , " We 're safe ? "
tr	11	The man went quiet after that , apparently content to sit there and pet his dog all night long .
tr	8	Chase came to a halt and suddenly raised his left hand but shifted to his right after a sec .
tr	7	" Hi ... you must be Julio ... I 'm Rick . "
tr	10	The robberies were local , so that meant the ship hadn 't gone far .
tr	6	Remembering the cover story , I added , " Eddie and I are twins . "
tr	8	Without questioning our friend 's orders , Logan and I hurried to our positions .
tr	7	" Just a quick phone call away from a one way ticket back to Mexico . "
tr	5	" No takers , Nancy , " Duke growled .
tr	11	Then later , we can pack some stuff that we 'll need for tomorrow . "
tr	8	They were on they 're own .
tr	8	" Come on , girls , " he said softly to the others , and they followed .
tr	8	" There is that one bus , parked down there by the store . "
tr	7	I kicked the door open and moved out of the way .
tr	7	He was getting weaker , and the rest of the hunting party waited for his eminent collapse .
tr	7	He reached out and touched her face with gentle fingers .
tr	8	I need to get human again .
tr	6	Hot sticky blood filled his mouth and ran down his throat .
tr	7	I don 't want her suspicious at all .
tr	8	Ya come across anyone a that name , stay far away .
tr	7	The smile drops off of Gabe 's face .
tr	10	" You 're going to do extra credit with Professor Johnson ? "
tr	8	He seems to notice everything .
tr	9	" You guys are involved with the Children 's Center in Villa Candelaria ?
tr	9	It was time to tell her the beginning .
tr	10	I swerved to the left spotting a third creature joining the chase .
tr	8	' To make it more deadly , ' she stated dully , confirming my suspicion .
tr	8	' I just have to do this .
tr	10	He paused for a moment , staring at some of the pack 's other contents .
tr	9	Finan found that his mouth was dry and fought to speak .
tr	11	From whom was he to take orders ?
tr	9	Hope that I can control the hunger .
tr	9	Destro emerged a moment later and Captain Thor stepped forward to greet him .
tr	7	Ted crossed the final few yards in an instant , but so did the dogs .
tr	9	" Don 't fancy getting cosy with me ?
tr	8	It 's important to him , thought Nathan .
tr	10	She turned and headed up the stairs , taking them two at a time .
tr	6	Alejo closed his eyes slowly , then opened them .
tr	8	" Now ye be lookin ' like a pirate .
tr	9	It was a village ceremony , celebrating the renewal of spring .
tr	7	" Peyton is a friend of the family .
tr	7	There , Echo hid in the kitchen , watching over his sleeping charges .
tr	6	Over his head there hung from a hairy tube-like branch a great spherical object , almost transparent , and shining .
tr	7	He turned the photograph over ' well , well , well I 'm not at all surprised . '
tr	9	" You 're going to the Darkling Wood , aren 't you ? "
tr	6	The song is growing louder .
tr	10	Makes them easy to round up .
tr	9	She threw down her net and tried to hug him .
tr	5	" Oui , " Angelique agreed and Drew nodded .
tr	10	Do you know by how much ? "
tr	9	" He 's made arrangements for you , " he began .
tr	11	I 'll send a helicopter to pick you guys up .
tr	6	I look down at my nice navy slacks .
tr	7	Was here alone and Mack couldn 't track down his identity , and no missing persons reports were ever filed . "
tr	6	A romantic , an intellectual and a warrior all in one person . "
tr	10	Anything else you want to discuss ? "
tr	8	She aimed again and this time threw the remaining pieces of cement .
tr	8	" Looks like you made some headway . "
tr	7	" Sir , all missiles failed , they all blew up sir , some only yards above the launch points . "
tr	7	The beast stood about nine feet tall , his dense , dark fur , covering his muscular frame .
tr	7	I pulled back and stared into her eyes .
tr	11	It held what George wanted his daughter to have .
tr	6	She felt the air exhale from her lungs in a contented sigh .
tr	8	Riki sighed deeply and plopped beside him , her shoulders slumping .
tr	11	He pushed against it as she fought to hold it .
tr	10	Until he stopped thinking about her .
tr	8	" Well of course I am , Gypsy boy ! "
tr	9	I turned to open door number two , but voices filled the room .
tr	7	A decent man , soft and not at all built for battle , but he was a quick learner .
tr	6	" Danny , serious time , " Tori said and looked Daniel directly in the eyes .
tr	10	You knew I was hiding in the wagon ? "
tr	9	Knowing it might all be fleeting , but grateful for it nevertheless .
tr	8	Visible sorrow marked the older man 's tanned face along with tired lines from long and hard days on the sea .
tr	11	Where we are going is home for me , I will be welcome there . "
tr	8	" Not defenseless , my King , " she corrects , carefully monitoring her tone as always .
tr	10	A person could go crazy worrying about all of this .
tr	7	He quickly got out of bed , splashed himself with tepid water , and dressed .
tr	11	Their conversation flew back and forth between the supper they had eaten and the stranger they had just met .
tr	7	A soft breeze was blowing in through the open window .
tr	11	Mac might be able to open the door with them .
tr	7	He was a relatively high member while a minister , but his political downfall shot him to power within the Faith .
tr	7	Kai loosed five arrows in quick sequence and struck each one in the head .
tr	9	So our people aren 't regularly crossing to the south and they aren 't regularly crossing north , " said Nathan .
tr	11	Stefan took a step to leave then stopped .
tr	7	They 're getting divorced . "
tr	7	Back out in the reception area , the manicurist and her client stared at us as we passed .
tr	7	" All right , " Tori said and got out a pen from her bag .
tr	7	Adele called back , but she hesitated and did not leave .
tr	6	" Anger is not useful , " the Prince protested .
tr	8	Are you hiding something ? "
tr	9	Moving toward the open field beyond the barn , Rift spots a farmhand busily scooping fodder with a hay fork .
tr	9	Her first instinct was to rush out onto the porch .
tr	7	Not all of the smaller roads ' names appeared on the map .
tr	10	He sat there on his mother 's bed unable to do or say anything .
tr	9	He dropped to one knee as he looked around him .
tr	7	Sweat dripped into my eyes and stung .
tr	11	- Are you sure you are not coming with us ?
tr	10	This was a US protectorate and it was our obligation to help out its people .
tr	6	I could play his game .
tr	6	So much for my 007 act .
tr	6	" How could you do this ?
tr	10	Therefore , it is imperative that you come with me right away sir .
tr	8	Again , Rift finds himself at a total loss for words .
tr	8	All eyes were on him , the food forgotten , as they waited .
tr	8	You need to untie me .
tr	7	From outside the boathouse came the sound of outboard motors .
tr	7	A drug store was perhaps thirty feet away from the men 's room .
tr	9	This was his first experience with a contest of feminine wills , and the quiet dynamics fascinated him .
tr	7	" We 'll try sometimes else , " Stacy said and took the books .
tr	5	The new towers are even more spacious and elegant than before .
tr	8	" You 're full of surprises , " said Viv as Jennie pointed the Range Rover towards home .
tr	5	Would he ever see Gabriel again ?
tr	8	He was still unable to move .
tr	10	The airship that had carried Frank into orbit was also loaded with the first of the carrier 's breaching assault vessels .
tr	9	She had not been the same since she started that darn flying course .
tr	11	I had believed my whole life that the connections I made were permanent .
tr	8	The enemy 's legs were weakening , and he began to stumble .
tr	11	At the least , he wanted to go to the campfire near the watchtower .
tr	6	" Yeah , " he said , the rage in his clenched jaw meant for them , not me .
tr	7	" If I recall your ideology , sir , shouldn 't you respect God 's anointed , not assassinate him ? "
tr	8	I said , looking at Anna .
tr	9	The other may come see me at dawn -- I will have questions . "
tr	8	The shopkeeper frowned at that , and then dove down and produced a pair of used , but clean shoes .
tr	10	He has also worked as a journalist and editor for community newspapers and a healthy living magazine .
tr	8	They liked to see woodwork .
tr	5	A T-shirt , very short sleeves , loose slacks , loose underpants , foot socks , open sandals .
tr	6	Gabe puts on his best grin .
tr	8	" Abby , I wanted to thank you . "
tr	9	In the back of his mind was a hoarded fantasy of cities frozen in time .
tr	9	" I will keep that in mind , " Taylor said jokingly .
tr	10	" Tell me who to contact and what to tell them .
tr	6	Lifting the sack carefully , he placed it on a stubby tree beside them .
tr	7	Now standing , he placed his feet on the concrete and ripped his arm back out .
tr	8	" I fail to see the connection . "
tr	6	" Need you fling my title in my face like an insult every other second ?
tr	11	" Bloody expensive , " said Tony , " a lot of people have to be paid off .
tr	9	She ran one finger over the teeth , feeling how smooth the wood was .
tr	9	He 'd never truly thought about the meaning of it all .
tr	7	He fished a key from his pocket and laid it down on the crate .
tr	8	Each Undertow squad consisted of two four-man fire teams , each led by a Sergeant .
tr	11	His English was accented , but I didn 't believe he came originally from France .
tr	7	The palms of his hands , long unused to prolonged rowing , were scarred with welts and blisters .
tr	11	Hailey began to retrace her steps in search of her brother .
tr	6	" I 'm meeting Aimee early this morning . "
tr	5	" Home sweet home . "
tr	5	Calm , almost soothing , despite its obvious machine inflection .
tr	9	" Let me have that -- please ! "
tr	6	" Almighty God forgives us all our failings , child .
tr	5	The same for all levels of the accelerometer interfaces and language interfaces .
tr	8	Green light flared again where the flames touched his skin .
tr	8	How much affection he must have had for the sick man .
tr	11	" I do not know if they will be of any use . "
tr	9	I said , " I 'll be damned , had no idea . "
tr	7	I suddenly became aware of everything new at once , the noise , the rocking , and the new position .
tr	5	Two hours later a man 's voice said , ' Good morning . '
tr	7	A pitch pole would be disastrous and would certainly cost him and his family their lives .
tr	8	Harry ducked to get in .
tr	8	You only thought you turned off your microphone .
tr	10	" Ah , I get it , " Lex began to describe the process in his own terms .
tr	10	It took several seconds before they were at full power and the craft was still not moving .
tr	8	They can get passports at the embassy there and take a flight to another country .
tr	9	He rose from his seat and stepped forward with a purposeful stride , a heavy frown clouding his face .
tr	7	Her skin was ghostly white , her mouth open in a silent scream , her blouse shredded from shrapnel .
tr	9	" If she doesn 't require as much sustenance , perhaps her hunger is more controllable . "
tr	7	Mark sighed , and got out of the truck .
tr	6	You don 't make any sense .
tr	10	" As long as it can smell you , I 'm going to have my hands full !
tr	10	He touched Wilbur 's arm to bring him out of his freeze .
tr	10	He was relieved that not a single one of his soldiers was even wounded .
tr	8	As the rigging dragged in the water , the ship slowed to a crawl and the Wench sailed quickly past .
tr	9	" How do you want to take out the building ? "
tr	7	Instead , they continued to speculate .
tr	10	' We think it 's gone to the hotel . '
tr	9	I 'm your Watcher ... she wanted to kill you ! "
tr	11	He seemed to look right through me as if he knew all my secrets .
tr	10	" I did , " Christy volunteered , and then came forward to feel the girl 's fabric .
tr	5	" Obviously , " the president interjected dryly .
tr	10	Danny knew that winning Raphael 's approval meant electrifying him right now .
tr	8	I looked up into the large , bearded face of the bartender .
tr	11	" Because you seem to know so much and are able to do so many things . "
tr	11	" I guess you have a story to tell . "
tr	7	He turned over on his back and made slow strokes , toward the bank .
tr	9	Who knows which is which ?
tr	11	I fear you must play by our rules , and gold coin can go a long way . "
tr	7	The morning meal being finished they turned their attentions to the matters at hand .
tr	6	The forward guns boomed and this time the rudder shaft was shattered .
tr	9	" After that show trial me crew put on , wit ' me at the end of a rope .
tr	5	" One Mississippi , two Mississippi , three Mississippi , four Mississippi , five Mississippi .
tr	11	" Well , I 've been shot before but this was a close call .
tr	8	Malcolm focused on the front of the building .
tr	5	Can I go next ? "
tr	7	He became completely upright again at a flat run , never missing a beat .
tr	10	I hope you stay for a while this time , " Francesca says .
tr	10	It seemed to be the original helmet from the crash .
tr	5	" And in a perfect world , well , " he didn 't finish .
tr	10	" Ooo , we 're gon na get lost .
tr	5	" Ah , yes , can I help you young man ? "
tr	9	A bold , yet moronic taunt certain to get him killed .
tr	11	He was pointing to the large breastplate he was holding .
tr	7	George stood up and poured them both a drink .
tr	8	It bounded into a series of wild flips , past the line of hooded figures .
tr	8	He thinks his self control is not strong enough ?
tr	9	This time , it was for her to face alone .
tr	8	Jennie showed her warrant card and introduced herself and asked for either Dick or Gema Mason .
tr	6	Kyle and Matt , in their human form and dressed , their faces already dirty , bounced in chairs opposite him .
tr	8	Like shooting fish in a barrel .
tr	7	" Would you like it with or without commercials , Rick ? "
tr	9	It was an exact mirror image of the one on the cube .
tr	11	" Except I 'm going to bring her back .
tr	9	This was my life ; surely it should be my choice where I work .
tr	11	" Hold off a little longer on submitting our proposal for the HS and clone technologies to legal .
tr	8	A woman who does not submit is considered worse than a murderer .
tr	8	A woman called out for Oliver , darling , to be careful .
tr	9	Each took a few sips to calm them from the sudden rush .
tr	7	His anger was colder than that .
tr	6	" Our youngest staff master of the tournament comes to us from England .
tr	9	The surgery went well and she came round from the anaesthetic demanding tea and toast . "
tr	10	He charged with such ferocity and rage , that Ted was taken completely by surprise .
tr	11	" And whose fault is that ?
tr	8	" Your bitch has killed one of my men ! "
tr	9	" Yeah well I think you succeeded numb nuts , " Tommy verbally jabbed Gary .
tr	8	It seemed like it was abandoned .
tr	10	We 'll need to dig deep for some other ideas . '
tr	10	" Are they going to get them ? "
tr	8	She surprised him almost every day , and there was not a scared bone in her body .
tr	9	But half-full aren 't enough fer some .
tr	6	" May God grant you peace , Brother . "
tr	10	I would think mighty kings would need no such prop . "
tr	6	" You are not even my sister , Lady Kenna .
tr	9	" Listen , Miriam ; for the moment , forget about what we saw today .
tr	9	' I see you brought Soul with you . '
tr	8	Riki immediately dashed over to the food and poured a mug full of the steaming liquid .
tr	11	She panicked and started screaming and clawing at the thing on her neck .
tr	9	He turned towards the smartly dressed man standing behind him .
tr	8	They care less for the rules of the land , if you know my meaning . "
tr	7	I arrived at the third floor , gasping , and I saw him at his door .
tr	6	" Doesn 't work , " Gavin called from the hearth .
tr	5	For him it all was invigorating and intoxicating .
tr	10	Do what you got ta do .
tr	9	" Nice work today , Doctor " he remarked casually , pouring three packets of sugar into the fresh brew .
tr	7	" Had my mother , Rose and Louise been hit , what would you think , let alone do . "
tr	8	They both travelled at great speed down the dirt walls of the foundation .
tr	10	" Hi boys , great to see you .
tr	7	He felt a small twinge of guilt at his plans for the driver .
tr	6	" Okay , how can you have this much Duke Ellington and no Dizzy Gillespie ? "
tr	6	" As you command , Your Majesty , " the minstrel finally responded in a deep voice .
tr	8	He staggered out to the pool side where the girl was standing .
tr	7	He met them coming down .
tr	7	" Should we get an ultrasound in here ? "
tr	8	The words you hear come not from my mouth , and you do not hear them with your ears .
tr	9	" Want to give it a shot ? "
tr	8	Anyway , we have a date with the hot tub , " he informed her .
tr	7	She goes psycho in a grocery store .
tr	9	If they blundered into one scout or spy there could be others about .
tr	5	Monster Maya is Werewolf Maya .
tr	6	Behind Beth , the wailing from the animals was suddenly more urgent and terrified .
tr	10	One uncompromising responsibility was the absolute necessity to answer for insults .
tr	6	" Yep , good as new , " he said in a reassuring tone .
tr	6	" I think so , " I still felt weak , and my head was especially fuzzy .
tr	10	" Yes , but you see ... another order came this morning , born by the Empress ' Hand . "
tr	7	Then , I saw the glint in Victor 's eyes .
tr	5	Within their half-circle , against the dark ground , blazed a blue-white pentagram .
tr	9	That doesn 't mean this isn 't a trap .
tr	11	Taylor laughed with restored interest , " You screamed , ' What is the most important thing ? '
tr	8	John opened a kitchen drawer and withdrew a box of bullets .
tr	11	She needs to be locked up for good and all . "
tr	5	" Oh yeah , sorry , " Ted replied .
tr	9	If it 's nothing particularly special , I 'm gon na pull them back in .
tr	10	Everyone was standing around the chart table looking at the panties .
tr	7	Rafe was grateful for it .
tr	10	" You think something 's happened to Matt ?
tr	5	' How heavy is twenty-five kilos ? '
tr	8	" Who was that man shooting at us , and why ? "
tr	7	Mike started over , " I said ... " " We heard , " Tori said .
tr	10	Drew scowled , trying to remember the map .
tr	10	How would he defend her later if he could not help her now ?
tr	5	" Sure , I made a fresh pot a little while ago . "
tr	9	Just getting ready to torture Frankie .
tr	10	We 'll get to the bottom of this , find out who 's responsible , I promise .
tr	11	The men took their turn when she was finished , Falconer and Conway going last .
tr	10	They had practiced this several times wearing full suits in Hangar Seven before they left .
tr	10	Is he going to be sick ? '
tr	9	No , we can 't lose our own money ; it 's taking bread out of our own mouths !
tr	11	Her eyes became wet with tears that could fall anytime , " She die saving me . "
tr	5	The cutlery section was almost a total loss .
tr	11	How can I sit here and know that he is in pain ?
tr	6	Tony slumped in the chair .
tr	11	John 's room was empty , too , so Bradley suggested that they waited .
tr	5	Plastic Christmas trees , mistletoe , tinsel , holly , Santa Clauses , and wreaths suffocated the place .
tr	7	With a soft hiss , the bus door closed and the vehicle rumbled to life .
tr	8	asked the ' Professor ' now standing between Beppe and Simon .
tr	11	I could see Rodney and Andy watching us as we walked away .
tr	9	The British company did win the first leg of the race , and graciously accepted the $ 1 million first prize .
tr	11	I felt truth in this as surely as I felt the truth of my existence .
tr	8	he shouted back at her , shocked at the state the girl was in .
tr	8	Perhaps her luck would still prove favorable using the little node once again .
tr	8	Throughout the whole ride to the rocky peak , Brand 's mind swam with memories of last night .
tr	11	" Speaking of which , Stefano is lending you one of the helicopters to get to your mamma .
tr	9	She left her coffee brewing on the machine and stepped out to meet him .
tr	9	" Tonight , I hear there will be a powerful storm .
tr	6	The cellar under the mansion was large and cool .
tr	6	This water was too wonderful , an experience felt once in a lifetime .
tr	5	" All right , then , Butch , " Della answers her son .
tr	11	Why take a risk of killing an innocent duck or a pigeon ?
tr	8	After stepping into the parking lot , he loosened his tie .
tr	8	Fuchs wouldn 't care a jot for holy sanctuary .
tr	9	It was clear she was hungry .
tr	6	The soft hint of his English accent was even more pronounced due to his stress and confusion .
tr	7	Moments passed , and we didn 't say a word .
tr	7	Now we may not be twice as smart either , but we are your equal and more .
tr	9	Have you been a part of one of these ? "
tr	7	By God George , I was right about you .
tr	8	He squeezed his wife 's hand and made his way up to the platform and a podium .
tr	5	" Just as well I 'm not your girlfriend .
tr	8	Standing in the Guest Suite , I made a promise to never to lie again .
tr	9	The Talisman ... it 's right that it 's black .
tr	5	No lecturer , no notes , no writing board , just mental images and mind interaction .
tr	11	She found herself wanting to read his blog , to read about his life on the road .
tr	7	General Clarence Anderson was present and his new Deputy Commander , retired Marine Major General Dale " Butch " Matthews .
tr	5	From an engineering perspective , it 's just not a good idea either .
tr	10	Chains eroded by time and the sudden flow of saltwater crumbled .
tr	9	Muhammad walked over to discuss his scene with Eric .
tr	5	" Hey , Tony you still have a chance . "
tr	6	" Well , " Abraham said , " maybe - " " Wait , " I said .
tr	5	" Who the heck are the Hell people ? "
tr	7	Perhaps I will see you again in the flatlands . "
tr	10	" I 've a task for someone of your diligence , " he offers with an imperceptible smile .
tr	9	The ranger shook his head and turned to the crouched Lucas , in apparent deference to his thoughts on the matter .
tr	9	" I had the hot chocolate when we finished our kayak .
tr	10	" How , how is that possible ?
tr	7	" My young friend , looking in shadows will only find you darkness .
tr	7	" Or being bullet-proof , " Jimmy added .
tr	6	As he struggled , the two remaining men focused on the trio .
tr	8	Zombie dogs do not , not ever , lose interest in a potential kill .
tr	9	After it slipped beneath without incident , a cheer went up among the crew .
tr	10	I am showing them to you because they often worm their way onto the Earth .
tr	9	Perhaps the Keystone does not need to know his role .
tr	10	Thankfully , it was a Vivaldi work I was well familiar with .
tr	11	" The prison hasn 't been made that can hold my girl ! '
tr	7	Lifeless , the man tumbled backwards and fell , his arms splayed , outstretched like a forgotten martyr .
tr	9	Do you need ice ? "
tr	6	As an infant , we , literally , breathe in the deadly man-made chemicals then the chemicals bond to our atoms .
tr	6	" Yes , " he nods , with more certainty .
tr	9	The Wizard inquired seeing her face turned a little pale .
tr	8	When he became king , David won many victories and his wise son , King Solomon built the most magnificent temple .
tr	7	Just then the waitress came over , " Ah , Monsieur and Mademoiselle , you have returned .
tr	8	The blow was partially blocked by his left forearm , or it would have caused his death .
tr	6	The vibrant and freshly rinsed green of the jungle sparkled beyond the perimeter fence .
tr	10	And they both laughed , releasing all the pent up emotions from the last few months .
tr	8	They 're starting to tingle . "
tr	6	" Sometimes , you just can 't go back . "
tr	9	" We 'll put you to work soon enough .
tr	7	He paused , apparently remembering us .
tr	11	I do hope you feel better .
tr	6	" But only so I could search his shop . "
tr	11	You know what is going to happen .
tr	8	And she advanced another step , drawing a dagger half from its sheath .
tr	5	" And spilling candy constitutes trouble ? "
tr	9	My legs trembled and panic set my skin on fire as I scooted around his body .
tr	7	" Of course , " said Bax with a light smile and a shake of his head .
tr	11	" We can tell them that we were trapped , too , and some other lodge guests let us out . "
tr	8	He was just as tall and forbidding as the woman .
tr	10	The servants looked at Harald , unsure what to do .
tr	7	Miriam ignored her and raced to the library .
tr	9	Noah liked how Daniel was so much more confident then he had been several months ago .
tr	6	Several plush chairs , sofas , coffee tables and end tables sat in small groups on thick tasteful carpeting .
tr	11	" And I 'm so glad I 've found you , " he said .
tr	11	Do you need to talk ? "
tr	9	We 're going to be there awhile .
tr	10	The wave only had a small section of the East River to draw from and its awesome force was quickly spent .
tr	9	With a deep groan , Alejo shoved his hands in his pockets and began walking towards the house .
tr	7	There were twisting snakes , acrobatic fish and even one elongated squid .
tr	9	" Are you sure you 're fine ? "
tr	6	In human form again , Sadie made her way cautiously down toward the main floor .
tr	7	" The sands of Cape Cod reveal their secrets in their own time , " Cobb said .
tr	8	Grand had Gabe pinned to the wall .
tr	8	" Don 't you want to tell me ? "
tr	9	" Ron , " said Victoria , " it 's been a long day and we should wrap this up .
tr	10	With each turn , fear of failure weighed on my shoulders , heavier than the thick air pressing in on me .
tr	10	" There 's nothing left of the home I knew .
tr	5	Some of the assignments and chores of their own .
tr	9	I think Greek mythology is overrated , " Tori whispered back .
tr	7	Riki screamed with delight , and turned to her mother .
tr	9	Hey , did you see him bow to you just now ?
tr	10	She was angry because she was an aunt and hadn 't even known it .
tr	10	Marie 's front door slammed , and I jumped up to run like crazy .
tr	8	It was undoubtedly being transmitted to the entire complex .
tr	6	Twelve eyes stared at her like puppy dogs at a whistle .
tr	6	The man gritted between his teeth with a subtle Baltic accent .
tr	6	Chairs moved against the floor .
tr	7	If you detect any traces or signals go ahead and investigate them . "
tr	9	I 'm tired of being strong .
tr	7	I 'm warning you , " the other man replied .
tr	11	He wondered if the trees didn 't have similar thoughts about the humans skulking past .
tr	9	I wouldn 't and you got mad and started cussing me out . "
tr	10	I 've got a hit on that name you gave me . "
tr	10	All you have to do is .
tr	8	Ryan enjoyed talking to this man .
tr	8	' Judging from your expression , I take it that 's a bad thing ? '
tr	10	He may be our best chance for success on this project .
tr	5	And then it was gone .
tr	8	" Negative , we still don 't have you on radar , " Ryan replied , back in Nevada .
tr	6	" Greg 's worried , Christy 's worried , Little Greg is horny , and Lindsay has a secret love . "
tr	10	My dream is to live in space , not just spin around the globe .
tr	11	In the next instant projectiles rained upon us from above , as the Citadel itself put us in its targets .
tr	8	My legs still ached from my climb up the tower in the Notre Dame .
tr	7	He took a minute , closed his eyes , and cleared all thoughts from his head .
tr	6	He looked around wildly and then dove , head first , out the open window .
tr	10	The laws of survival dictated that he should remain in perpetual motion .
tr	10	I was able to slip in , Carol saw me but I made a sign for her to be silent .
tr	7	A blush appeared on Nora 's face .
tr	10	They trawled the sunny streets after Danny had left for his shift .
tr	9	" What do I know about being a mommy ? "
tr	9	He asked himself in disbelief of the news he was just given .
tr	6	The force behind the attack knocked me off my feet towards the ground .
tr	6	Each press , each tug , each pull brought her right back to the quarry .
tr	6	" Hanna , why don 't you go outside and play , my dear . "
tr	9	He would sign them with different names , but I knew it was him .
tr	11	The familiar houses were like a memory that had escaped me .
tr	6	Will our power abandon us , or has it begun already ?
tr	10	007 continued down the aisle , turned right , and walked back toward William , intending to complete the loop again .
tr	8	" Let 's go to bed .
tr	5	" Are those -- " " Trackers ?
tr	5	Couldn 't my dream be much weirder then that ?
tr	8	The thought revolved in Claire 's head , but somehow the words would not come out .
tr	9	You have to let him play .
tr	6	Chris jumped at the voice in his ear .
tr	6	" So you see , me services are invaluable , " the lad prompted with a cheeky grin .
tr	8	So this is where I decide , she thought , watching the cottage .
tr	10	I should try to kick again , but my legs are too heavy .
tr	10	I mean I 'm as pissed as you .
tr	5	My great-grandfather owns Big Pine Lodge . "
tr	11	Do we know who was responsible and have we detained them yet ? '
tr	10	I ' m going to miss them terribly . "
tr	6	" I can probably guess , " he interjects with a smile .
tr	5	Same guy , pale , quiet , competent , not big , not small .
tr	11	I 'd be happy to call for the question right now .
tr	7	Charlie prepared himself , knees slightly bent , hand on his pistol , a keen eye on each and every copy .
tr	9	It took almost an hour for Connie to come up with the story .
tr	6	Kill the last of us and I will not stop you . " '
tr	8	" This way , " Drake said , his voice echoing in the passageway .
tr	5	You sure your friend 's mom got the right name ? "
tr	10	Finally coming to , the hero turns to stare at Zelda with a very unusual expression .
tr	5	" And , what on earth are those islands ?
tr	10	It had a huge ornate roof which sat atop the walls like a separate structure .
tr	5	" Does this place have an emergency exit ? "
tr	11	She hated feeling helpless about helping Sam .
tr	9	" You must calm down or your wounds will start bleeding again . "
tr	6	Normally , I love the French language but not today .
tr	8	He had just looked back over his shoulder and had seen the wolf pack .
tr	11	" What I 'm about to show you does .
tr	7	he said , baring his gums .
tr	9	I struggled to get to my feet .
tr	10	They robbed government coaches , stealing countless letters and untold quantities of gold .
tr	8	I trust you slept well .
tr	7	As I watched , the sadness I glimpsed flickered into shame .
tr	7	Truth is easier to remember .
tr	8	" You could slip on the chain , or the cage could fall .
tr	11	Josie leaned back a bit , looking at the cut on Mark 's back .
tr	10	There were even remnants of light brown hair attached to his bony skull .
tr	6	The stars slowly dimmed out of sight for the day .
tr	8	In the meantime , I am here to relieve you . "
tr	7	In response the demon stopped , released her , and sat back ; its eyes turning to the dislodged receiver .
tr	8	However , the two immortal societies wanted me to be the last .
tr	7	Maggie again dialed in the information and the thrusters did their job , and slowly aligned the aircraft .
tr	7	If you 're lucky , it might even break them up .
tr	8	Lilly Ann asked through the door on her way upstairs to her bedroom .
tr	10	He hands me a bowl and two large plastic bags filled with darting , colorful shapes .
tr	6	She is Grand 's daughter .
tr	11	" Take my car and go to the nearest airfield you can find .
tr	6	Halfway across the sandy stretch , a sturdy , twelve foot boxy structure stood in the ground .
tr	6	Brick brought his crossbow down , looked it over , and gave an easy shrug .
tr	10	And we are not at war , so need no others .
tr	6	" That 's interesting , " said 007 .
tr	10	He also directed the other companies to build barracks for their soldiers .
tr	11	" It wouldn 't hurt to be ready for an attack though . "
tr	6	" Shit , here comes the next wave , " Jason curses .
tr	7	The very conservative wing profile and generous dihedral made for a very stable flying aircraft .
tr	8	Leaving the door open , he headed for the front of the house .
tr	11	I pouted as he continued laughing at me .
tr	9	The woman 's silver hair was coiled in an elegant bun at the back of her head .
tr	7	He stands in a boxing ring , and two lions prowl behind him .
tr	6	" Very comfy -- except for the one bed thing . "
tr	11	He thought , the only ones I will have to fight are the four I 've been following .
tr	10	Some men must practice for engaging in battle .
tr	9	Rick , full of adrenalin now , lunged to his feet with the limp girl still clutched in his arms .
tr	11	Uncle Robbie told me some bodies had been buried here and stones placed like a cairn . "
tr	8	A prearranged partnership designed to ensure longevity .
tr	9	I had the C-17 descending through 11,000 feet and everything still worked .
tr	9	As he is not present , all I can offer you is hospitality . "
tr	10	People like Gerry Small should have their honour restored for his family 's sake .
tr	8	It would destroy Jeff , and my mother would never speak to me again . "
tr	11	She always knew when he was in one of his moods .
tr	5	" Yes , I mean the vomiting thing . "
tr	6	" Who the hell are you , and why are you really here ?
tr	6	Or he is gay and I didn 't know ? "
tr	7	said David , " sure it 's not just bloody coincidental ? "
tr	9	Do you have anything ? "
tr	10	It was coming from where Thunder was sleeping .
tr	11	He became terrified by this thought and opened the door to get a breath of fresh air .
tr	11	A single instance of inefficiency on her part in any step would have been sufficient to stop the launch .
tr	7	She and her husband ran a sheep station for many years together , and then he died a few years ago .
tr	6	The little man bowed his head in prayer for a moment .
tr	11	The scenes and creatures would move as if in slow motion until a totally different picture seamlessly appeared .
tr	8	" Perhaps you wouldn 't mind using that tongue ! "
tr	7	Another glint of gold caught his eye , and he looked across the street .
tr	6	" He 's not a pony , " Missy said .
tr	6	His frame was small , thin and wiry and his skin was very pale .
tr	6	But for Mal , he now found himself even more worried about the Vault .
tr	9	" You 're a regular saint , aren 't you ? "
tr	9	The Prince wondered if the Empress even knew about this .
tr	11	He wanted Joe to be right behind him when they entered the docks .
tr	6	" Okay , " said Toby , working fast .
tr	11	" Well , I might have had something to do with it . "
tr	8	Pierre wondered what the smile was all about .
tr	10	She had experienced so much , travelling with Josh and looking after Sky .
tr	7	You should take them back ; the past is important , just not for my job interview . "
tr	10	While watching the emus , from the corner of his eye Chris saw a man approach .
tr	9	I turn to take the last rabbit , but the door hangs open , and the cage is empty .
tr	9	Valerian was close behind her as she let herself down among the leaves .
tr	8	He placed a tray of freshly brewed coffee on the low table in the living room .
tr	8	They then went down on their knees and after a certain amount of time the columns of light disappeared .
tr	9	Every child bounces off the force field and lands flat on their back in near perfect unison .
tr	7	She traced the rail with her eyes , noticing the curves and corners and shuddered .
tr	6	His wings no longer worked and his back and shoulders , and by extension his arms , were weak .
tr	6	Ashamed , he found his voice the second time , and yelled louder .
tr	6	The Kraken Class shape was infamous , desired by friends and enemies alike throughout the Colony Wars , respected and feared .
tr	8	She swore some more , thankful that Sky 's ears were covered .
tr	9	Wait , you 're making me laugh , I got ta keep going ... .
tr	9	" He 'll want to help us .
tr	11	He imagined how Hank might 've reacted to this news .
tr	7	Early that morning , in the twilight of dawn , Wolf Eyes was sleeping restlessly because of a dream .
tr	9	I guess it did something to him .
tr	11	There , in mid-air , was an object he was tossing up and down in his right hand .
tr	7	Lisa Everett 's eyes flash open and she sits up with a start .
tr	11	" Hang on , " said Andy as he began to count again .
tr	6	" What about Peyton ? "
tr	11	" But I thought you said you were all Alphas ? "
tr	6	The envy inside of me is sudden and sharp .
tr	8	" There 's radiation all over the house .
tr	7	Mercedes looked at him , mock severity clouding her face .
tr	11	She was the one who had turned her back away from him .
tr	11	I had to admit that it was possible .
tr	11	I asked once we were off the dance floor of death .
tr	10	When I reached the checkout , there she was forced to defend her actions to the police .
tr	10	Paulo 's eyes flitted between her face and the photo she was holding between two fingers .
tr	7	" You should be glad , " Abby commented .
tr	6	Not that we needed weapons for Spy Games .
tr	9	" So why didn 't a sniper stop the kid from shooting Chuck ? "
tr	11	I intended to ensure that was true .
tr	7	She pressed him back on the pillow and carefully held a spoonful to his mouth .
tr	9	They 're being blown to pieces , and their families will never even know where they went !
tr	6	" I admit , that will be a challenge .
tr	9	We were somehow meant to be this way .
tr	6	A line of cars rumbled toward the camp upon the only road in or out .
tr	5	" OK , eight blade , " Dr. Warner requested .
tr	7	The roar of the engines increased and the cool night air rushed in .
tr	8	Thoroughly overwhelmed , the boy passes out in a bed of shadows .
tr	7	Instantly he sends the data to the emitter control and ... everything suddenly goes dark .
tr	8	She smiled , touched the tip of her chin with an index finger and gave a cute curtsy .
tr	10	Danny watched Sam 's eyebrows jump with surprise and lower as he concentrated .
tr	10	The enemy began another attack and we fought hard , as they got faster and remarkably stronger .
tr	8	' This way , ' said Anna briskly , indicating the corridor to the left .
tr	9	" Why are you creeping around the apartment like you 're a burglar or something ? "
tr	8	Then I catch sight of something even more compelling .
tr	6	Alone now , he hurriedly unbuckled his belt , yanked off his bloody boots , and tore off his robe .
tr	7	' Destroy the vehicle radios , collect their weapons and remove the ignition keys , then move out . '
tr	8	The crowd roars , many stand , cheer and scream pumping their fists into the air .
tr	6	Dad nodded to the fridge .
tr	7	At the same time , Ramdas continued his studies and eventually got a job in the same district .
tr	8	He spent his third night there , and in the morning continued making his way back .
tr	11	They were dressed head to toe in clothing of various shades of brown and green .
tr	6	" You got a nasty mouth for such a pretty face . "
tr	7	That night I put on my jeans , sneakers , my royal blue turtleneck sweater , and my black wool jacket .
tr	8	The words were as friendly as the tone was deadly .
tr	9	" When you weren 't here , I decided to upload the info to your laptop . "
tr	6	She fitted right into him .
tr	8	Or what name you refer to me by .
tr	8	" I wonder how she feels inside ? "
tr	6	" We bear one life , one prophet , one Heaven , and one God . "
tr	8	' Mate she 's painted you as ze band hero , ' he said of Calvin .
tr	6	He is an advisor only , your designee is in charge .
tr	5	" No , we can 't , and we won 't .
tr	8	" I have no idea why , but dad loves it ! "
tr	7	In just a few short days her heart was pulling toward the rogue .
tr	7	I already have one of your assets . "
tr	10	" Want to see something amazing ? "
tr	8	Mark pointed to the one of the trucks .
tr	10	You should be able to find it .
tr	5	Over each fence around the yard was another yard .
tr	7	On the street , two tall men wearing dark grey suits were standing next to a shiny black Range Rover .
tr	10	" But , Master Finan , he told you to beat me , I heard him ! "
tr	10	The more Taylor grew awake the more an avalanche of questions stormed through his head .
tr	9	How many times had I raced Logan under English skies ?
tr	8	There was only one way to fix this problem .
tr	11	Besides , what better method than to have Fuchs pay for our trip ; he 'd caused the blasted thing anyway .
tr	6	" He 's about so tall , dark hair , blue eyes , early thirties or so ... . "
tr	8	Reluctantly moving around the stagnant crustaceans , Rift makes his way through a curving hallway leading gradually down .
tr	11	The leaves she used just crumbled and she ended up smearing the brown stuff on her shirt and legs even more .
tr	7	I look up into the trees , earning a fresh baptism .
tr	10	I knew I had to escape .
tr	7	" Let 's make plans .
tr	9	Stacy yelled jumping on Tori 's bed where Tori was asleep .
tr	5	' Just a thought , ' said the Senior Wrangler quickly .
tr	9	Adele surreptitiously regarded Rafe from beneath her lashes and found he looked preoccupied and distant .
tr	6	" Not the same ones , but a few just like them , " he said , his voice tight .
tr	6	" She was fine , eventually , " Henry said with a heavy sigh .
tr	10	I might lose my footing and fall over the side of the craft , " VIN worried .
tr	6	Just for you , I won 't touch her again . "
tr	8	He charged in ; almost close enough for Wolf Eyes to get a lick on him .
tr	10	I joined Spy Games to spy on you and your family .
tr	10	Kim nodded and gulped down more tears , scrubbing at the ones already staining her cheeks .
tr	10	If all goes to plan we should have power restored within hours . "
tr	9	It 's the only thing I want , " Lance reiterates .
tr	9	I bet they 've turned the other cheek now .
tr	7	" It might be , but I have strong probable cause .
tr	9	Another stab to the thigh prompts the demon to swing his sword blindly , unable to turn and face his assailant .
tr	11	John waited to see what the two observers would do .
tr	8	After the man answered in the affirmative , Arthur went on .
tr	7	Finally she turned around and carried the jackets back to the lodge .
tr	8	A sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach mushroomed into the need to puke behind the bushes .
tr	10	He asked trying to collect his senses .
tr	8	Leaning closer , she kissed his eyes and face tenderly , with words lingering between each kiss .
tr	9	She turned a corner and saw a giant pirate ship half sunk into the sand .
tr	11	Ted had learned a long time ago not to leave the house unprepared .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , it 's a job already done . "
tr	7	Danny looked at her but she shook her head ; message received , message understood .
tr	9	He fought to keep his head above water .
tr	6	Deep brown eyes and a winning smile made her truly a rare beauty , even at such a young age .
tr	6	" No , I 'm not " came a voice from the darkness .
tr	9	" Why do we have to move again ?
tr	9	The sisters began to get ready for their nap .
tr	7	I won 't let you slip .
tr	6	" Of course not , " Velvet replied , " but let him enjoy it for now .
tr	11	" Benton , what are you doing with this ? "
tr	8	I saw his shadow cover the hole and I leaned in with a smile .
tr	6	There were 24 students , 32 questions .
tr	7	He extracted a small key on a chain from his pocket and opened the third door from the end .
tr	8	Keeping it on his bedside table , he vowed to read and memorize a new rule every night .
tr	5	A moment later , her lip trembled and fat tears slid down her cheeks .
tr	9	He stood on the landing outside of Margaret 's room .
tr	6	In all , each lift cost $ 17.5 million for the first and second stage rides .
tr	10	Last spring 's planting had been haphazard , and those who managed to plant found no fuel available to harvest .
tr	10	Wherever you wanted to go . "
tr	6	Stay down , " she ordered , " we have company . "
tr	9	Can 't lose consciousness , she thought and forced herself to sit up .
tr	5	" Do you have your tickets ? " "
tr	7	John stopped brushing his dog .
tr	8	When her finger ended at his lips , he kissed it .
tr	10	He made a rasping noise as he tried to breathe .
tr	6	" Yeah - but you don 't remember .
tr	7	It was first light and the sun had just cleared the Front Range , bathing Boise in warmth .
tr	9	Her normally soft voice sounds frightened over all channels and speakers throughout the ship .
tr	7	When Brooks said nothing more , Gail pulled the keys from the ignition switch and closed her grip around them .
tr	5	I hold up my gloved hands .
tr	8	" Yeah , I noticed you brought help .
tr	10	Neil righted himself , but he hadn 't even the breath left to thank Riki .
tr	5	" Yes -- " " What is all this carrying on ? "
tr	7	Michael was extremely critical of himself and then there was the constant upheaval .
tr	6	It was far , however many miles away it was .
tr	6	" You are a sick fuck , you know that ? "
tr	6	A new musculature hints beneath my skin .
tr	11	He wore elk skin tanned to the softness of cotton and a flat steel collar for decoration .
tr	9	" It 's going to be okay . "
tr	6	They were loose and baggy - several sizes too large .
tr	7	If they 're not lying , then they 're not saying anything at all . "
tr	9	I hate that about him , the truth it conveys of our shared parentage .
tr	7	He changes his mind and yells to the cameraman , " No , don 't cut ! "
tr	8	" Maybe what we needed all along was a puppy specialist . "
tr	8	Anderson agreed and quickly told Nathan about the interaction with Sampson the previous week .
tr	9	We are explorers sailing across this infinite sea , in search of adventure and mystery .
tr	5	" I don 't , " said the Pastor , his face serious .
tr	7	Maybe she 'd land on her feet .
tr	7	Godard 's gaze shifted to Anna 's face .
tr	7	Makes me feel kind of bad .
tr	10	Straining to breathe , she held him close , squeezing his head against her bosom until he regained his senses .
tr	8	The remaining skid was a mixture of beans and ground coffee easily identified by the packaging .
tr	11	I should have known you wouldn 't be any help . "
tr	11	" Carl , there 's something else you need to know .
tr	7	He ripped it in long strips , clotted a few into the shoulder and wrapped the rest around as a bandage .
tr	5	" The large skull definitely has some African characteristics . "
tr	11	She didn 't know how he wanted her to respond .
tr	7	Then the moon went behind a cloud and the wolf 's eyes glowed in the dark .
tr	7	" For you , dear brother , " she said , holding out a parchment scroll .
tr	8	I said quickly , pulling Lars to the car .
tr	8	How dare you not give me anything ?
tr	8	If you enjoyed A Spy Like Me , then you might enjoy my latest YA romantic comedy series .
tr	11	" I know you want to help , " said William .
tr	5	" The creatures , they don 't exist ? "
tr	10	We 'd be shamed out of our homes if we returned now .
tr	7	He didn 't look unhappy , though , just ... considering .
tr	5	Without Tucker or Joey , the outside world just wasn 't the same .
tr	9	Claw chortled , touching the tip of his white beard .
tr	7	Doctor , you have two minutes , " the councilman on the far right declares with impatience .
tr	8	Even this turned out to be another technological marvel .
tr	7	And if so , why would she not just do it ? "
tr	7	I dug the tip of the short blade into his skin .
tr	6	In a small voice I said , " I 've given it all my effort . "
tr	5	" It is , " said the fat man , " a tradition . "
tr	6	One corpse was a woman with dark hair , probably in her early twenties , wearing a nightgown .
tr	6	" Young man , " he said , " take off your shoes . "
tr	11	' I guess I need to trust you .
tr	9	His musings were interrupted by the arrival of Lady Adele .
tr	6	One of the drivers spoke up , a young black farm worker .
tr	9	" And what 's with all the white man remarks , you turd ?
tr	5	" This is actually a black shirt .
tr	8	The young boy stood near the end of the trailer , as if afraid to directly confront Finn .
tr	7	I put a dollar bill on the bar and he turned his sneer to it .
tr	7	And he wasn 't even sweating in the heat .
tr	5	Big eyes , big , white face , cold breath and slit mouth .
tr	9	I turned mine on and heard Alita in the middle of her conversation with Atticus .
tr	10	He was trying to keep up with her .
tr	5	Not a children 's book either , a real grown-up book .
tr	6	Finally the door opened , and I shoved my way inside .
tr	9	She reached out a hand , thoroughly enjoying the look on Mickey 's face .
tr	10	My guess is they 've got the entire countryside covered .
tr	6	Then , from the damage the heated blade inflicted , it collapsed and broke upon the bridge .
tr	10	" The god of lost things says that what you seek is indeed in that building , my friend . "
tr	8	The thought of the projects prototype test subject actively trying to escape was beyond consideration .
tr	9	" There 's someone here to visit you ; just let me go get him .
tr	7	" She was kind of ugly , " a kid next to me blurted out .
tr	7	" I get it , " she smiles , ignoring the accusation completely .
tr	7	Sampson growled through clenched teeth , " Damn them ! "
tr	8	They could fight neither by sorcery nor the sword .
tr	6	It 's in the pudding .
tr	11	Roberto knew he would never hear the end of this .
tr	8	" Something was here , " he whispered , standing back to his feet .
tr	8	" Now this is interesting , " Finn said , looking at the knife .
tr	10	They all have a certain air of self-assurance about them ; but this crew was eerie , scared .
tr	6	As I watched , the blood slowly changed colour -- neon purple , then green , then yellow .
tr	7	When she touched the thing , a vision of Angie and her boyfriend flashed through her mind like a movie .
tr	8	" Do you even need to shave yet ?
tr	8	A box opened up on one of the screens .
tr	8	Screw it , anything beats apologizing to that jackass .
tr	8	But whatever it is be ready for it . "
tr	11	He thought that everything was too much to handle .
tr	9	The family moved gradually westwards as the country became liberated from the enemy .
tr	11	The two sat quietly while Chris again began taking in the sights below .
tr	7	Driving those thoughts away , I forced myself to concentrate .
tr	9	' I 'm not running ; I needed to see you . '
tr	9	I wanted to check out Aimee 's room again .
tr	11	If ever he managed to extricate himself from this horrendous tangle , he would never seek to mislead anyone ever again .
tr	7	Something about it was so very familiar to Mark .
tr	10	That 's why the lock was jammed tight and it 's why the door won 't open .
tr	9	You 'll have to ask him .
tr	6	The horse was his now , he thought with satisfaction .
tr	9	As he approached , Rafe noticed that his tunic was liberally splashed with his mornings repast .
tr	5	Thunder , or drums , or what is it ? ' '
tr	9	" Mister , we 're gon na pancake your face ! "
tr	10	And so it was an easy thing for you to bring him back -- he was a part of you .
tr	9	Jason is watching or rather playing with his HUD , changing his displays and observing the results .
tr	8	We had clear skies and calm waters but , unfortunately , we had virtually no wind save two .
tr	10	With the glowing gravity tether extinguished he is released from the rocky ceiling .
tr	6	" Why did you not tell me this before ? "
tr	7	The next day the boys pressed their invisibility buttons and set off for the city gates .
tr	11	Time seemed to slow way down but it wasn 't her whole life that flashed before her .
tr	6	" At least it 's a straight shot , " Melissa pointed out .
tr	9	He released the clutch and slowly made his way through the courtyard towards the gate .
tr	10	" Neil and I can come up and keep watch in the tunnel for you ! "
tr	10	Try to be good about it . "
tr	7	Tell us about Rome , and yourself , on the way , will you ?
tr	7	If it was me , I would shoot me . "
tr	7	Wolf Eyes handed a piece to the man , and the man took it .
tr	5	Missy and Kevin stayed absolutely still .
tr	6	" Everything is here , Mia , " I heard King 's voice whisper in my ear .
tr	8	The Exile girl was there , like a phantom in the night , coming toward him .
tr	11	You will have no need to worry about me .
tr	7	Curious , Mal arched one eyebrow up and narrowed his gaze right at the children .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry if I confused you .
tr	7	He looked at the belt and then at Melody and then back at the belt again .
tr	11	" He can 't create anticipation if everyone has access to his best cards . "
tr	6	" Is she always like that ? "
tr	5	but I stopped her mid flow .
tr	6	She knocked on the wall .
tr	10	You should have seen the look on his face when I introduced myself .
tr	7	Alejo groaned and leaned forward onto his knees .
tr	8	The space was open and airy with a Scandinavian look to it .
tr	8	" They were excellent for climbing .
tr	10	That way the eggs would maintain a steady core temperature as they developed over the next sixteen days .
tr	5	That man 's name was Canton Fox .
tr	6	Jack 's car was there and there was a red BMW convertible -- but her Honda Civic was gone .
tr	10	" Don 't know when to quit do you ? "
tr	7	" Mother hasn 't made a judgment yet , " the Prince said .
tr	7	She strode across the parking lot to her Honda Accord and slid behind the wheel .
tr	9	He couldn 't wait to see her .
tr	9	She had learned to ignore her curiosity .
tr	9	For a certainty he had on occasion taken pleasure in watching pretty women .
tr	10	He pauses for a moment to collect his thoughts .
tr	9	Angry voices erupted from the direction of the foyer as I headed towards the stairs .
tr	7	Shock was foremost in everyone 's minds .
tr	9	Because that is what the machines immediately fix on to . "
tr	9	" That 's enough from you , George , " Furnace said .
tr	7	At the far end of the clearing I spotted the shape of a person among the leafy branches ... .
tr	8	I asked , showing it to the minister .
tr	7	" We could add a larger thruster , " the scientist responded .
tr	7	The voice of his companion was familiar , but I couldn 't quite place it .
tr	7	Leaving the communication channel open , she selects another button on her chair .
tr	10	A voluntary step closer is rewarded by her features coming into view .
tr	10	" I won 't be able to sleep right now , Abby .
tr	8	As soon as his forehead cleared the pipe , Ted started to straighten his back and legs .
tr	6	I mean , we were both kids back then .
tr	7	Peyton ignored him and focused on me .
tr	10	Love it when Calvin gives me an interestingly good seeing to . '
tr	10	Do they ring the bell hoping Francine would appear ?
tr	6	Nearly all our soldiers were down , the rest were now in hand-to-hand combat with guns and branches .
tr	9	She stamped out of the room , the fabric of her dress rustling with her anger .
tr	11	Finally I need to know what the spell is for . "
tr	9	" I thank you for your offer of travel , but I have to cordially decline .
tr	8	As she turned she caught sight of the principals in the argument more clearly and turned white .
tr	9	I parked the car at the entrance of the street and we sat watching the block .
tr	5	" Yes , " came the slow reply .
tr	8	Sarah handed him the rifle and a small bag of cold biscuits with goat butter .
tr	7	" And what if one of us breaks something ?
tr	7	Rick said bye to Rob and thanked him .
tr	8	He tangled his hand into her hair , bringing her head down , and then kissed her with a burning passion .
tr	5	" On the average , ten years , and it 's a hard ten years .
tr	6	" Did she ask you ' Why ? '
tr	8	" Stand aside until the tree is raised up enough , " Taylor yelled and jumped back into the vehicle .
tr	7	I just ... I. ... " Abbey moved closer to him and laid her hand on his shoulder .
tr	8	" The people on the other hand , immediately leave to the Far South in fear of the war .
tr	7	She was in a real live Viking village and no one was wearing a horned helmet .
tr	9	He returned that smile , no larger , though it lingered imperceptibly longer .
tr	6	From this point-of-view , the next part of her climb seemed a lot more difficult .
tr	10	Grace seemed to fold into a shyness Katherine hadn 't seen in weeks .
tr	9	His world had grown very small , closing in around him .
tr	7	They carried out their task with quiet efficiency and then made their way back to the exit points .
tr	8	Quietly , she stood up and put the book on the table , and she turned to leave .
tr	7	Viv took an old fashioned linen hanky out of her bag and wiped her eyes .
tr	6	" Young men in Legion armor , in Legion haircuts , all look pretty much the same , my lady .
tr	10	This is the last sunset he will ever see , Walter thought .
tr	8	You need to relearn the songs .
tr	11	And then Leah was there , springing past the Prince and straight at the Daemon , her daggers drawn .
tr	8	They 're smarter than we think . " "
tr	11	I nodded trying to not get hit again .
tr	7	" I want you , Hilda , " Brand said .
tr	9	" I don 't give a damn if they all die tonight .
tr	8	The security guard leaned out the hut 's window and stared at the fast approaching carriers .
tr	9	Every couple of weeks , a messenger from Joseph would arrive and strengthen this notion of fear .
tr	6	I am kind of hungry . "
tr	10	Dave grabbed Rob 's hand and almost burned himself taking possession of the lighter .
tr	11	I just came down ' cause I heard noise , " Tori lied .
tr	11	It didn 't take us long to find it .
tr	6	" What was that all about ? "
tr	9	No one approaches a man wearing an expression like that .
tr	11	Nathan realized they had the perfect element of surprise now and did not want to waste it .
tr	8	His father looked dazed , then asked , " So this was all about Franco Salazar ? "
tr	9	Rafe was very still , and when he spoke the words were forced from between bloodless lips .
tr	8	I couldn 't read him , but I could read between the lines .
tr	10	Only then did I step outside of the unit and closed the door behind me .
tr	9	I have spoken to their parents and all 's well that ends well ' .
tr	9	If they do , the only thing that can quickly stop them is our tanks .
tr	10	" May I ask you something , in that case , sir ? "
tr	5	And surely not his stunning green eyes , full lips , and beautiful face .
tr	7	Inside the room , Theodosia closed the door and stood with her back flat against it .
tr	7	He almost flinched under the pain but kept his face blank .
tr	9	" Perhaps if you had a heart , you would care , you cold , cruel dog , " Brand said .
tr	5	Chevelle , Hawthorne Heights , Dashboard Confessional , they were all such great bands .
tr	6	' How do you know that ? '
tr	8	" Why quite a lot of people , " said Sampson .
tr	9	Her flash of anger at the blasted bed faded quickly as she waited for his answer .
tr	10	I hope her imagination is better than mine .
tr	10	' Leave that with me ' said David , in his ' plausible deniability ' voice .
tr	6	At this announcement , Sergeant Pena grimaced at the six soldiers for effect .
tr	9	" If you have been recruiting soldiers , where are they ? "
tr	6	The butler went on , but I blocked him out .
tr	11	* * * Later Raphael lay in bed focusing on the blackness behind his eyelids .
tr	11	I thought my heart was going to stop .
tr	5	In the modern world , in a hospital , that just didn 't happen .
tr	11	" Linc says you can let her go now , Dr. Eva .
tr	10	' Beta ' asked whilst closely staring at Simon fighting his way up the street .
tr	10	You interviewed me about that ship unearthed on the Rump last spring ?
tr	8	Malcolm lifted his hands , palms out , in an act of surrender .
tr	11	Each man was issued weapons appropriate to his usual function within his fire team .
tr	6	As it was , I knew only a bit about the man .
tr	6	" He went away , " she said simply .
tr	7	Of course , neither Cobb nor his mother knew the half of it .
tr	6	The knife thru my neck , the knife in my eye , the knife across my throat .
tr	6	The aroma from the chicken dish nearly brought tears to her eyes .
tr	6	" Gosh Lars , how bad can it be ?
tr	9	Sarah leaned against a wooden support beam , the gun in her lap , and slept more than she stood sentry .
tr	9	Vulcan was already clearing the top of the ladder and took up a position to his left .
tr	9	It was obvious that she must not drink the wine .
tr	8	The government gives them everything , " his father paced , shaking his fist with venom .
tr	9	" In that case , I 'll have a look at what you have .
tr	6	" Cherished times , " he nods with a smile .
tr	11	Of course it didn 't take much to get a response from her .
tr	8	Now I am here talking to a rather attractive woman . "
tr	9	They would like some information on one of our clients . '
tr	8	She hung up and looked directly into my eyes as I stood still .
tr	10	Katherine noted her mum rubbing her palms together like a kid anticipating sweets .
tr	8	He had a decidedly uncomfortable hunch to his shoulders , but his face was as blank as a long-time gambler 's .
tr	10	Unless we take immediate steps to address the population issue , we may well be faced with a bleak future .
tr	10	' We need to get out of here , ' said Victor urgently .
tr	11	Shall I say you are away ? "
tr	11	I need to go somewhere to investigate this .
tr	9	He had a seat under the shade of the summerhouse .
tr	6	He did a double take , then blinked at her a couple times .
tr	9	Happy about what might happen .
tr	5	How had he not noticed ?
tr	7	To observe some human aspects , psychic speaking . "
tr	11	The doctor continued to ramble through an array of statistics and trivia .
tr	9	Yes , I am definitely going to enjoy this voyage .
tr	7	Once at the 11th floor door , I took some sugar from the coffee cup and blew it into the air .
tr	6	The victim 's wounds are all similar and consistent , but there is a mystery .
tr	5	At least not at the moment , ' replied the stranger .
tr	8	Julie wanted to get out .
tr	11	I want to see that you 're unarmed . "
tr	6	Dropping the reigns , the rider brought his shield to the fore , slowly circling .
tr	10	The look of disdain from the captain towards the blond sailor was undeniably menacing .
tr	9	" I haven 't seen anyone anywhere , " he reported to a member of the ship 's team .
tr	8	Using local contacts and money changing hands he had achieved permanent resident status in Mexico .
tr	10	I don 't even think I could trust you anymore . "
tr	10	" The world 's a dangerous place , Can 't be too careful nowadays . "
tr	8	He relaxed , emptying his lungs in a long , smooth exhalation .
tr	7	Slowly , he bent his head and she didn 't move away .
tr	6	His face was deeply pale , and his piercing blue eyes revealed his murderous intention .
tr	10	She was already out of the cart and back up the porch steps , not waiting for an answer .
tr	11	Any inmate who has attacked a guard or staff member since the bombs fell , will be executed . "
tr	11	" For the time being yes but I 've a feeling this is going to spread all over the place .
tr	7	Suddenly there was a more violent bump , and the boat overturned .
tr	5	" My friend lent me her Shakespeare book , ok ? "
tr	9	" We love to make plans , " he said , ignoring the camera .
tr	10	As dull as watching grass grow .
tr	10	Miriam didn 't believe the story of her ' being interested in island artifacts ' .
tr	9	" Got it , " Taylor conceded , " that 's why I am studying all the time .
tr	11	Perhaps we will teach her to sing for us one day , but that is enough for now . "
tr	9	It was so fast , but I knew it was a Trojan Device . "
tr	7	Only the torches they carry have shown any fire .
tr	5	The question remains , was there a third person , Miss Franco ? "
tr	8	Lilly Ann asked the breathless boy when she opened the door .
tr	7	All with a deranged smile on its face , and a formidable hand waving nonchalantly back at him .
tr	11	Are you ready to answer some questions ? "
tr	11	I know I can be difficult at times .
tr	7	" Ok , we 've pulled the muscles higher up the bone .
tr	5	" Plus , Dr. Lee 's a total hermit .
tr	8	" You scared the life out of me , " Sarah said , turning to him with a grin .
tr	8	" Let 's drag these poor souls out of here before the blood gets all over the place . "
tr	11	The silence lingered before Chris said , " You were right , you know . "
tr	6	Every inch of his skin , every expression on his face , every callus on his hand .
tr	10	" There 's another patient here who found an orderly 's uniform .
tr	11	" Yeah , but they were all pointing the way we came from . "
tr	7	He carefully opened the door and quickly and silently slid into the room .
tr	10	I don 't think we 've got the whole ' diction ' thing down .
tr	8	I crept forward , knife in hand .
tr	8	She would make those years happy , she would make him happy .
tr	7	" They 're getting down a couple crackers , but Jamie still hasn 't kept anything down . "
tr	11	He never even slowed down before he hit the pallets , sending them flying .
tr	5	Tomatoes , carrots , radishes , the human spirit , a family , a career , your art , your community .
tr	8	" Intrigue , surrounded by mystery , wrapped in an enigma ... " she said .
tr	6	" All due respect , Bev , " Lily said , " but it wasn 't just luck .
tr	5	" Are you sure -- " " Yes , " he interrupted .
tr	9	Until they stopped going west .
tr	5	" Jake , I , uh , well , this case . "
tr	8	I am not the chef you are , Mr. Clancy . "
tr	8	Since Fuchs left with his band , we 're down to about ten or so . "
tr	6	" I know , " I say dejected , and then I meet his eyes again .
tr	9	" Well if that is not just like you ! "
tr	11	' He 'll get what 's coming to him . '
tr	6	" How was it ... hmmm , pretty funny .
tr	11	A lengthy scowl is the only response he 'd hoped for , Midna 's eyes betraying her growing dread .
tr	5	Alejo 's heart took a nose dive .
tr	6	As her back teeth ground together , the blackness of her heart dripped oil into her soul .
tr	10	She was running down a hallway when a door flew open .
tr	7	" If he were still alive , I wouldn 't even be here . "
tr	9	Adele watched the little boy tremble , and felt tears welling up in her own eyes .
tr	10	It was so dark that they could not see anything without a flashlight .
tr	8	Do you know why ? "
tr	7	Robbie just sat there shaking his head .
tr	5	Just for a little while ... " Reyes , " Lucien called .
tr	10	Deepa simply stood frozen in place unsure what to say .
tr	9	" You weren 't uncomfortable were you ? "
tr	10	I shivered and stamped my foot lightly , flecks of snow falling with each move .
tr	10	He paused by the door , however , when he heard a voice speaking inside .
tr	10	Ricky was grateful for one more day with Lex the way it used to be .
tr	7	With good friends , there is usually little debate , and a high backed padded leather armchair was dragged over .
tr	10	Simon has enough on his plate without being burdened by this .
tr	11	Sarah watched how quickly the older woman had buckled and arranged chains along the pony 's neck and back .
tr	6	Aside from no shirt , he appeared unharmed .
tr	10	Olivia had to keep pushing him .
tr	9	Her voice seemed to calm her friend a little .
tr	10	Claire tried to read the expression on Josh 's face .
tr	11	Each had performed an important part in the quest for the first piece of the puzzle .
tr	10	Receiving no response , Ganondorf decides to cut the conversation short and make his proposition known .
tr	11	I thought Mr. Bent might have an alternate plan for you .
tr	10	Last time he said that he admitted to killing someone , albeit by accident .
tr	6	" About a month after your dad left , I received a letter from grams .
tr	9	Janie bent to hear better .
tr	10	We can 't expect them to sound like us . "
tr	7	The old man had kept his word after all .
tr	7	Sunday school would end for the summer the following week .
tr	10	Many carried platters of fresh fruit , pitchers of cooled water and luxurious wines .
tr	5	" Yes , I 'm still recording and sending . "
tr	8	Her eyes locked onto his as she stepped closer .
tr	5	Elsewhere , another half dozen guards milled about .
tr	6	" When you do , " Tavi said , " send him to my office , too . "
tr	11	They think -- ' The rest of the exchange was muted as the voices faded out of earshot .
tr	8	Surely the grease would be the end of him .
tr	8	Before either one of them knew it the ground below their bottoms came to an abrupt stop .
tr	10	They had had to fight for their freedom .
tr	5	~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ Chapter 10 -- Impressive or What ?
tr	11	I 'll get you started and show you what to look for . "
tr	6	" Albert , welcome back , " a cheerful voice bellowed from a small speaker above the door .
tr	9	" Let 's see where it goes ! "
tr	7	" Don 't call me that ! "
tr	10	I had indeed shaved and was getting used to the look .
tr	8	In fact he lied about the lucky pick of flowers .
tr	6	" That 's some damned rough terrain up there . "
tr	9	" Shade , " I called as I walked towards her lounging by the tree .
tr	10	You picture that prick being president ?
tr	7	Suddenly the hover car twisted onto its side and Mac banged his head against the window .
tr	9	Be vigilant do not despair as all our thoughts and prayers will be visited on you tonight .
tr	8	But what can we do ? '
tr	7	' You 're a good-looking boy , ' said Sally , plopping the bacon down on my plate .
tr	10	We deemed it a demon they conjured up out of the catacombs !
tr	10	I was supposed to keep the others alive .
tr	6	" A lot of people sigh . "
tr	9	Tears streamed down her face and then Connor felt them race down his cheeks as well .
tr	11	said François who was close to them .
tr	5	" Inquisitor , my lord , " the man said quietly .
tr	8	From the looks of it , the Darkling Wood was only about a mile in length and two miles wide .
tr	9	" See that little yellow box the arrow is touching ? "
tr	6	Open the door , ' someone said through the woodwork .
tr	10	" So , what homework do you have for the holiday ?
tr	10	" I need you to deliver a message for me .
tr	11	You know the things that I have done for you , and that I am at your bidding .
tr	6	Rafe gritted his teeth and gripped his hands tightly together .
tr	9	Would he be able to identify them ?
tr	6	Continuing , he now exclaimed , " So be it , sir .
tr	9	Let 's go back up to the box and wait it out . "
tr	9	She wanted to gawk at him .
tr	11	I 'm sick of being the last over the line ! "
tr	10	When he was finished , he called for Sergeant Major Duncan , who arrived moments later .
tr	8	" And judging from these stars , you are too ? "
tr	8	But if there were four then six , they should never be discounted .
tr	11	One of the detectives that worked on the case was from out of town .
tr	7	Off in the distance , I see a dark purple range of hills or mountains .
tr	9	She focused on the road between his ears and found herself praying outloud .
tr	8	He stared at her over the blazing Orb in confusion .
tr	5	In the opposite corner , near the windows , Elizabeth played the piano softly .
tr	8	A long spiked tail , like that of a gargantuan scorpion , trailed out behind .
tr	11	I 'll come back later and take you to a place where we can eat supper . "
tr	7	" Yes ... yes ... I just had a nightmare , " I said whispered .
tr	9	That was all Sally could take .
tr	7	" Well , thanks for your forgiveness , oh great one , " Hank shot back sarcastically .
tr	9	I have never yet been bested by aught , have I ? "
tr	9	We 've nothing else to go off of anyway .
tr	7	Breaking into a run , she dashed out of the room , shouting , " Virgil !
tr	10	" Oh , " Taylor chuckled , " sorry for being so assumptions .
tr	7	Come on , Elaina , we have to run . "
tr	11	There was something that wasn 't so obvious for him .
tr	9	Rising from the bed without a word of gratitude , he starts for the throne room .
tr	7	" I mean , don 't get me wrong , they 're cute and all .
tr	9	Both Lizards crawled together for comfort , snuggling tight against the man 's growling belly .
tr	8	He reached for another bottle of water .
tr	9	And who had to die .
tr	6	" Mom , I can do it . "
tr	8	Later in the day I heard a couple of boats on the river but they went on by .
tr	11	You know it has to be done .
tr	8	The hotel room was a little cramped but there was a mini fridge under a writing desk .
tr	9	Finan allowed his gaze to travel over the youth slowly .
tr	9	They stayed there a few minutes just enjoying the coolness of the water .
tr	7	She reluctantly agreed , gathered the fabric in her arms and crossed the kitchen to the sewing table .
tr	6	The black scabbard , with its lacquered red and gold dragon , sparkled in the light .
tr	5	" Visitors have the honor Tony . "
tr	8	It was a small three-pronged dart , made of steel with blackened tips .
tr	7	" Blast her bones , " the Baron spat the curse as his fury rose .
tr	6	' Be my guest , ' said the immortal .
tr	9	With nowhere else to go , I had little choice but to follow him .
tr	9	The blue beam strikes the juggernaut and a bright explosion flares from her midsection .
tr	7	" Don 't gape at me like a fish ! "
tr	8	They were a hunted company ; the slightest mistake on their part could lead to their grievous doom .
tr	7	The man clearly did not appreciate her or his daughter .
tr	6	" Well done , my friend , " Talon whispered to the little man .
tr	7	" Eventually , in a few months , after the mortgage isn 't paid , " Joe replied .
tr	8	And me with Laurence standing out , wearing short pants with black sunglasses .
tr	10	" What do you plan to do inside my body ?
tr	11	The big silver and black shepherd was sleeping on its paws near a group of children .
tr	8	That guy in the Cessna was out of here and aiming for Lida airstrip within seconds . "
tr	8	As their game progressed along the beach , Chris reared back and threw it up and over a tall dune .
tr	10	The lavish rugs and colorful draperies rush by in a blur when the Princess suddenly senses a commotion nearby .
tr	7	After a few moments , Harry pulled out a paperback from his coat and started reading .
tr	9	The low fog thickened as we made our way down the road towards the harbor .
tr	5	" Oh , my love , your lips are still so cold . "
tr	10	Unfortunately some recorded performances had been compromised due to time restrictions .
tr	7	" He wouldn 't admit it , but this whole thing had him upset .
tr	5	Alone and yearning new company she watched the mystery man .
tr	7	" Telemetry from the late Goodspeed 's implant indicates otherwise . "
tr	11	" Give them ten minutes to clear out and then you can be on your way .
tr	5	" What ... What trickery is this ? "
tr	7	I 'm a Dervish now and no longer a student .
tr	8	" Hey , Rob , look , I think I found a candle . "
tr	11	I feel like I am going to hyperventilate .
tr	5	From the pit , a bulging cratered creature lashed out blindly .
tr	8	' Can 't you just download all of it ? '
tr	11	" You cannot expect us to carry on like this ; we need to rest ! "
tr	5	His mobile vibrated in his pocket .
tr	7	To Finan 's great disgust his master repeated his chameleon performance , taking on a ruddy colour .
tr	6	" And he doesn 't remember a thing . "
tr	7	" There is , " Chris said quietly , but with authority .
tr	7	The center of the once wide road was still smooth and almost free of vegetation .
tr	10	She said to keep thinking of her .
tr	6	At his side was a woman , her eyes blood-red and her expression every bit as inhuman as the man 's .
tr	7	She pulled the sun visor down and a pair of keys dropped into her lap .
tr	6	And as we all know , the Emperor and the Imperial Council rule this nation .
tr	7	" How do you feel , old friend ? "
tr	5	Another bends over him , older , dark-haired , bearing a bulging burlap sack .
tr	7	All that mud and slush still around , and I swear there wasn 't a speck on them . '
tr	9	A younger man in his late teens came from the direction of the car shed .
tr	8	The two children were a true delight to him and he could not thank her enough for such a joy .
tr	11	On the field Martin asked Manuel if knew how to tackle .
tr	7	It was four feet high , six wide .
tr	9	" Tim , you want to take us through it ? "
tr	9	And I have the privilege of being her teacher .
tr	10	As the figure approached I recognised him , it was Tim , my old friend .
tr	10	I 'm not sure if this is a joke until Gabe laughs .
tr	10	His eyes were glinting with a thousand specks of green fire , and she felt her face burn , absolutely humiliated .
tr	10	His palm seemed brighter than it had been only moments ago .
tr	10	I know how to deal with those .
tr	7	" Actually , " Melissa finally corrected , " she swallows the cocaine in rubber balloons . "
tr	11	Chris often spent time in here , doing homework or taking standardized tests required for his home schooling .
tr	11	Because we were on the wrong side of a war and we lost .
tr	6	At the same time he loosened the pistol in its holster on his hip .
tr	8	A new record , she smiled to herself , satisfied .
tr	7	The sun set and the cloudless night sky was a wonder of constellations .
tr	8	Sofia saw dark smoke shaped like a skull , casting its dreadful shadows over cities and towns .
tr	7	Chapter Eleven Getting a lift to the museum proved easier than expected .
tr	6	" We 're not free , " Simon insisted .
tr	5	Anyway , we 're on the up and up , lads .
tr	9	Thus , she unleashed her famished armies in a massive attack on the South overrunning Soul and much of the country .
tr	10	" That 's going to be our job , " said Joshua .
tr	7	" That whole incident with the Baroness is still a sore subject for him .
tr	7	Josie wasted no time , and set off directly for the agents .
tr	8	Looking after the woman , the venomous words echoed in her head , throbbing in time with her headache .
tr	10	" I hope to be one of the two men , maybe on the second or third mission .
tr	5	" There , little Adeline , your hair is perfect now . "
tr	7	Alfonso arrived a week ago and is helping him .
tr	8	He left the following message for you : Hello Toby .
tr	11	Those few who came through Astor painted a picture of conditions so terrible they were , unspeakable .
tr	9	Dane smiled to himself when he brought some wood in and saw them .
tr	11	Please continue to support the official releases this work merely attempts to pay homage to .
tr	7	Shall I send her in ? "
tr	10	" Is stealing worse than killing ?
tr	10	I wondered if I had something on my face .
tr	7	I will be in touch .
tr	8	" How old you want me to be ? "
tr	11	Mr. Rose was employed by NASA for twelve years to study and prepare food for astronauts in space .
tr	11	" You 'll change , the way the animals adapt to the seasons .
tr	10	" Other people are trying to enjoy their afternoon out , that 's all . "
tr	7	The probe instantly slips into her ear canal and finds the link to her cerebral cortex .
tr	7	" I shot it , it was dangling anyway ... " said Kevin , smiling , tapping his gun .
tr	9	Kenichi was the rich son of a grocery chain mogul in Osaka .
tr	6	" Last night your answers about your mother were quick and full of colourful details .
tr	8	No professional would leave any sign of his presence .
tr	10	She applied some sort of foul-smelling poultice to his wound , which stung and burned .
tr	8	It was sharp arrows and lots of them , moving to their direction .
tr	7	Spit hit me as he spoke .
tr	11	He had been forced to put the device on " silent . "
tr	9	He grasped the woman 's wrists and turned to face her .
tr	11	" I mean , it 's nobody else 's business if Fuchs and I tried to kill each other .
tr	10	Hope leaves as the fire in the young man 's eyes died .
tr	7	" As you can see , Riki is busy , making a cushion for the temple . "
tr	10	Kenny gasped for air as he fell to the ground clutching his groin .
tr	10	Neil tried to swallow the huge lump of bread in his mouth as politely as possible .
tr	7	And then out of the corner of my eye , I caught a flash of dark hair .
tr	9	Suddenly several things make a lot more sense , and Rift only grows more appreciative of Mai 's sacrifices .
tr	5	" It was ... , " fake Mira started , then hesitated .
tr	8	He 'd actually tried it for a while but got bored to death ... .
tr	6	Are the Many of One not a sovereign nation and a Galactic Power ?
tr	8	By the time they had walked back to the tavern , Scarborough was rosier colored and damp with sweat .
tr	7	" Mr. Richmond , you are employing disgraced Air Force pilots as well ? "
tr	7	A stiff wind blew in their faces , but the sun promised a bright , warm day .
tr	11	" But you said I have to be sixteen or older . "
tr	8	She knew the sea was never a friend .
tr	9	I do what I want ... " " It is my business , because I 'm your supervisor .
tr	10	It was Adele 's voice , coming from outside of the tent .
tr	7	There was a faint click from the lock .
tr	9	The screen then cut to a picture of a waving flag while the National Anthem played in the background .
tr	5	Her mother , Mike , Stanley , the sisters , Jake , too .
tr	10	She could see now it was Donovan on the ground .
tr	9	I shouted , and the old woman hurried to open the door .
tr	11	But I had to see what was there .
tr	8	Jay said , while he opened the trunk .
tr	6	tears were streaming down his face .
tr	6	Margaret lay asleep by his side , gently snoring .
tr	8	Something made the dog 's ears twitch and it slowly opened its eyes and gazed directly at Bethany .
tr	9	I think I agree with you !
tr	8	" That 's great to hear .
tr	5	Still on her hands and knees , she took one tiny knee shift backward .
tr	9	" Money , " I say before any silence can get a foothold .
tr	8	" Would you like to sing next ? "
tr	10	I do believe it can .
tr	9	When you leave the room you don 't have to rearrange your shoes .
tr	11	The book seemed to emanate a strange aura recognized immediately by Toni .
tr	10	He knew he would win the hand and the one after that .
tr	8	The Prince , mouth open , ready to speak , closed his jaws with a snap and glared at her .
tr	5	Four days later the captain was back .
tr	11	" The Empress , may she be preserved in the skies for all time , will be pleased . "
tr	7	" Yes , one of yours , Colonel Maggie Sinclair , was our copilot .
tr	10	The obvious answer would be they developed them to graze on tall foliage , giving them an advantage .
tr	8	" We could just run the engine and sit in it ! "
tr	9	Seven sometimes regretted that he , too , indulged in such selfish pursuits .
tr	7	But despite Richard 's poor looking office and disregard of personal health going ahead with GMD felt right .
tr	5	The gaming tables , the chairs , even the cooking station Sophia and I had manned .
tr	8	Both received advanced degrees : her father a Ph.D. and her mother a Masters .
tr	9	Arthur still wasn 't quite sure what the man was talking about , but he wanted to hear more .
tr	7	" Are you feeling any warmer ? "
tr	10	I wasted no time Dan was already scrounging parts , Herb had requisitioned ammunition and was overseeing its storage .
tr	10	" Do I even have to ask ? "
tr	10	When he walked outside the room , he found himself looking into the deep brown eyes of Deepa .
tr	10	I might be able to arrange that .
tr	6	( Like this is just a very casual , nonchalant letter and we 're still the best pals ever . )
tr	11	The giant looked her up and down , taking in her skinny , vegetarian 's body and her manly haircut .
tr	11	And that 's where things started to go awry . "
tr	9	She stands up and starts to pace around the empty control room .
tr	11	" It may be he wants only to pull a few weeds . "
tr	9	" Why is it so hard for you to give me a straight answer ?
tr	8	" You have an excellent keep , excellent food , and an excellent city . "
tr	7	Hm , didn 't even think about that until now .
tr	7	When the coughing stopped , he remained bent over , and Gan covered his hand with his own .
tr	10	I think we should plan a little , " Bobby replied .
tr	7	He wore complete battle gear but was not given a weapon .
tr	9	Both fighters remain still as statues while the rain beats down on them relentlessly .
tr	6	' Humph , yes , yes , I 'm sure ... It is crude and unbalanced !
tr	9	she said as she sat down heavily into a kitchen chair .
tr	6	Maybe , just maybe , I could call him a friend .
tr	7	He reached for the knob but it wouldn 't turn .
tr	7	" Yes , I believe you , " she finally said and he grinned .
tr	7	" Yeah , I 'm working until closing time . "
tr	8	Before returning to the unit , I stood and stared at the device .
tr	10	In contrast , these three seemed to be almost bursting with energy .
tr	7	You don 't live among them .
tr	8	" I don 't know why , but it sounds pretty incredulous . "
tr	7	To the left , it looked much the same as the previous stretch , irregular but passable .
tr	7	But in doing so , I only made the chain cuffs ' bind me much tighter and harder .
tr	6	The lone figure of a young woman looked over the vast blue sea .
tr	6	Then , as his hunger ebbed , the sense of his situation returned with dismaying force .
tr	11	They talked about how to get rid of her . "
tr	10	I thought maybe he 'd finally run out of gas . "
tr	9	We don 't want them talking behind our backs . "
tr	7	If you had any funny quirks .
tr	9	If he can climb mountain paths with a crutch , I can cast just as well tonight as any other .
tr	6	Giorgio , did my dad leave a clue to his current location ? "
tr	6	Yet without hunger , without desire , without need , the animals of the sixth day did nothing .
tr	10	That she should be more willing to help others .
tr	6	Maps of Paris covered the table .
tr	10	Brazen divided the city up into sections and assigned each of the five gangs their area to defend .
tr	9	When they came on again , surprise showed in Jacobs ' face at Susan 's pistol pointed at him .
tr	6	" Yes , yes , a prisoner I should say , " Strange nodded .
tr	10	David asked for no advice and somehow he wasn 't being thrown to the ground or run off with .
tr	9	Woodpecker was happy to help him .
tr	8	Each held the body of a monk , the men hung for the king 's survival .
tr	10	He heard someone whisper , " Quiet , let them pass . "
tr	6	Not of his own accord , but because , perhaps , he had no one else .
tr	9	It bumped once or twice against something and seemed to travel steadily .
tr	6	She looked around the room for a weapon .
tr	9	" Though some go curving down the trail To seek a warmer scene .
tr	9	I wouldn 't like to take her on !
tr	9	Were going to lose them ! "
tr	10	He took a step back , injecting some much-needed space between himself and the old spy .
tr	8	I wouldn 't know ; I don 't deal in drugs .
tr	10	We 're trying to do the same thing , " said Jace .
tr	10	Of course he 'll want to come home straight away .
tr	10	I need you to get out and head through the barricades .
tr	8	He taped the note and a small folding knife from his pocket to the back of his right hand .
tr	8	Brand was holding a clump of stone .
tr	8	She holds her arms behind her back twisting her fingers together nervously .
tr	8	" I know , I know , " Sarah said , trying to whisper .
tr	9	It was unbelievable he was even alive .
tr	7	His tone was entirely different from their previous conversation , less than a half hour ago .
tr	9	" I am sick of lamb 's eyes , and boiled snail , and fermented cabbage .
tr	10	Neil tried to speak back to her , but his swollen tongue wouldn 't move in his mouth .
tr	10	When the first heavy rain fell she came topside , fear gripping her thoughts .
tr	9	Three hundred rounds a man plus an extra two hundred for Robbie and I , grub and water for two weeks .
tr	5	Four weeks after that fateful meeting , his unit was ambushed and killed .
tr	10	At first , he couldn 't be sure what was real .
tr	6	" Lem me guess , " Shaw said , " This is Sofia . "
tr	11	" Not if you want to stay alive . "
tr	8	" Your boy doing okay ? "
tr	5	" Hey , come here .
tr	10	When I rubbed my eyes to look again , it was gone .
tr	11	" Well , I got ta ' do a ton of work on the websites anyway , " Gabe says .
tr	10	The pictures depicted smiling half-naked women strutting around in their underwear .
tr	11	They went back out to the generator to see what the problem might be .
tr	8	" Most small businesses need at least five to ten years to pay off .
tr	11	They grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster down river .
tr	7	He had never been in such a situation in all his life .
tr	10	Police , walking the lane looking for skid marks perhaps ... . .
tr	10	Her shoulders heaved as she put her head in her hands and wept .
tr	6	A plain pair of swinging doors and a small plastic sign on the wall with the ward name embossed across it .
tr	9	" There are always wrongs the tribe hasn 't avenged .
tr	8	Jimmy asked around a mouthful of food .
tr	10	" Oh I have big plans for you , my pretty little bitch ! "
tr	8	It hasn 't been opened in a long while .
tr	8	How could Dad believe Malcolm over me ?
tr	9	" I guess I could use a new ensemble .
tr	10	CHAPTER 3 -- Searching Shadows Simon wished his mother was there with him .
tr	5	" He is not home right now . "
tr	5	Of course , that is your choice , alone . "
tr	7	And of course I stayed with them , at home in my hourglass .
tr	8	The cousins gingerly stepped out on to this doubtful looking surface .
tr	8	I stood , Logan beside me .
tr	8	" Did you hear that ?
tr	9	Do you have everything ? "
tr	7	There was another burst of static .
tr	6	Two slices of French toast , a couple of sausages , a glass of orange juice , a cup of coffee .
tr	9	I heard the front door bang and the sound of raised voices , daddy must have come home .
tr	6	Head pounding , he blinked rapidly in an attempt to right his vision .
tr	8	The liquid is rusty on my tongue , but I swallow .
tr	8	The money was great and she got to travel .
tr	6	Possessed by some evil spirit , like in those films , The Exorcist , The Poltergeist ?
tr	11	She saw his face turned faintly red either in shame or in pain or perhaps , both .
tr	6	Despite its breathtaking beauty , the place still held unpleasant memories for me .
tr	7	The two friends of the combatants had arranged for a future meeting .
tr	11	" No , but I 'm going to keep myself at it . "
tr	11	I like where 's he 's going .
tr	8	He looked to be a normal-sized eight-year-old kid .
tr	10	" After spending so many months training Whisper , Luca my son started getting jealous .
tr	6	I 'm going nowhere . "
tr	11	We 're just worried about you , that 's all .
tr	10	He knew what that would mean for ordinary people .
tr	9	There were also five markers , which glowed a dull red .
tr	10	Imagine the impact that Europeans reaching Canada sometime during the Bronze Age will have ! "
tr	11	She gently took his hands in hers and saw that they had been seriously damaged .
tr	10	The song howls , and the pain joins in , peeling back the layers of my control .
tr	10	Lance asks furiously , fluids dripping out of the sides of its mouth .
tr	6	I put the window all the way down .
tr	8	We are about to jump . "
tr	9	Do you dislike her ? "
tr	11	Adele continued in the task of cooling Finan , a slight furrow between her brows as she considered his question .
tr	9	I watched as the truck turned into the sixth unit .
tr	11	I 'm thinking you 're afraid of me .
tr	7	George gazed into the fire the single malt warming his stomach .
tr	8	" These men wanted the reinstatement of the Bourbons and the Church without compromise .
tr	9	" I think that 's a very wise and thought out decision . "
tr	11	" Then we should get ready and find something nice to wear . "
tr	5	" Kai Forest , " the king 's voice booms out .
tr	10	" Well , what do you got ? "
tr	9	Whatever it is that he actually does over there in Geneva .
tr	10	All he could do was gasp for air as he fell to the ground .
tr	10	If not , go find someone who stared improperly at a market stall . "
tr	11	Plus , there weren 't really a lot of surfers in Ohio , where Noah was from .
tr	10	His gray hair whipped every which way in the late afternoon breeze .
tr	6	" Thank you Captain . "
tr	6	The only decorations in the backyard were dusty free weights , a rusted bug zapper , and kitschy terra-cotta statues .
tr	9	Sofia blushed seeing how he look .
tr	6	" Yes , Your Majesty , " the royal tailor said , with a ferocious glare at his apprentice .
tr	9	They had convinced themselves for so long that nothing had changed .
tr	11	You 've felt what happens when you love .
tr	6	" Don 't follow me . "
tr	7	Leah looked at him , alarmed , but he forestalled her .
tr	10	He 's living in a completely new house , and he has to adjust to everything . "
tr	7	Lace 's eyes narrowed and she shared a knowing look with Natasha .
tr	10	Alex giggled as she clasped her fingers around Jodie 's tiny arm .
tr	10	The men were eager to hear news from Texas .
tr	9	A whisper at the back of Claire 's mind said Climb the stairs .
tr	10	Valerie leaves her station to check on the others .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	8	They brought with them their slaves and the bodies of their slain brothers .
tr	9	She grins at the sight of Captain Jason Drake and stands with her arms crossed .
tr	8	Brazen lifted his drink looking at the amber liquid .
tr	10	Imagine living up here , gazing at that view every day .
tr	7	A choice with that knowing is a lot easier to make . "
tr	7	I don 't go out in clubs .
tr	10	It is impossible to undo it for me .
tr	10	People stood in groups by the icon lamps lighting candles and occasionally leaving messages for the saints .
tr	10	Oh well , it 's not like I really care what these yahoos think .
tr	9	" I really hope I don 't need you now . "
tr	11	" Perhaps the warmth and brightness of such a flame is all you really have in this frozen wasteland . "
tr	9	" A long way away from here ... and yet you could say , extremely close . "
tr	8	Cracks splintered through the wood of the gate .
tr	7	" My dear sweet friend , your father has ' sold ' you to that bloated merchant Arthur Hobart . "
tr	5	" Did Miss Channing and Mr Hendricks have a sexual encounter last night ? "
tr	7	I melted it in the forge , and he collapsed . "
tr	9	It slid on its roof in a shower of sparks and finally ground to a halt against a lamp post .
tr	5	" Yeah , warmer weather and sandy beaches always beat out the snow . "
tr	8	It 'll save everyone a bit of trouble .
tr	11	He 's the one I 've been waiting for . '
tr	10	Pedro Powers played whichever track had climbed to 33 .
tr	10	Think you can handle that ? "
tr	8	We have a good thing going here , the three of us . "
tr	8	The screen showed a live feed of the battle on one half and sensor readouts on the other half .
tr	5	" No , he won 't , " she said .
tr	7	So good to see you .
tr	5	Since you 're offering . "
tr	11	As she spoke she stroked her sides and Mariposa recognized the motion .
tr	8	Most people in Kyiv are religious in some way or another , despite the persecution . "
tr	8	I dove and tackled him to the ground a dozen feet from the opening .
tr	9	" But you and George seem to love Trudy and Vivian " I said .
tr	10	I tightened my belt and ensured my knife was in its place .
tr	9	" I came and sat on this bench just about every week for years ... .
tr	8	And if I were you I 'd have a few choice words with them about basic design flaws . "
tr	11	What did you ever do to deserve all that you have ?
tr	10	Is it so much to ask for it to work ?
tr	9	Neither business had attracted large volumes of customers and the parking lot was usually empty .
tr	9	But Ruth -- " Suddenly Claire didn 't want to hear it .
tr	8	We will split into two groups ; Terry and Mal will approach the target from the east .
tr	6	" Uh , just not here , mate , " said the wolf with the angry eyes .
tr	9	" I 'd never do that sort of thing , Sir " " Of course not , " Mr Brown said .
tr	7	That would be a great opportunity ... and a great bloodbath .
tr	10	Deepa accepted Candice 's invitation to join them in their little feast .
tr	6	I heard a commotion to my right towards the main exit .
tr	7	Gabriel 's bony fingers tightened on the scope and his voice rose with excitement .
tr	5	And then he gave the typical cryptic response .
tr	10	This rucksack is too heavy for carrying around in the sunshine .
tr	5	" They invented the first Vampire and Werewolf stories . "
tr	9	It was a grey , windowless box that offered little comfort .
tr	8	I think it 's Moore .
tr	11	" Okay , Nat " the Wolf said as he began to move off .
tr	10	I told Atticus as Alita and I made stepping noises as if we 'd walked away .
tr	5	" Well , you were a young man once , right ? "
tr	10	" You 'll have to wait for that answer .
tr	5	" Can you locate the HS units ? "
tr	5	Bankers , lawyers , executives , entrepreneurs , a few politicians and a few aristocrats .
tr	8	So I 'd save time and money on travel but could still see her , and friends .
tr	6	For a long time , Leah remained silent , and then , slowly , she nodded .
tr	7	The boy 's restless eyes , roving the leaves below them , discovered splashes of color among the green .
tr	11	The immortal was no longer limping and appeared to have pretty much recovered from his wounds .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes was relaxed , and after a while , he and Waving Willow made their way to her house .
tr	9	" Is that how you think of me ? "
tr	9	Damian had time to register disbelief .
tr	8	He turned towards his men , " This is Sergeant Wesley Davis , Corporal Rob Farquhar and Corporal Andrew Alexander . "
tr	9	" Your jealousy of our love is pitiful , " Gabe retorts as I toss the bag to him .
tr	10	" I will follow his tracks to their finish as sure as the sun will rise tomorrow .
tr	9	" We need to get Jacob and Eva from the city .
tr	11	" I do not wish our house to be cowardly , " said Harald 's wife .
tr	6	He 's everywhere , " Gabe intones in a spooky voice .
tr	10	We did nothing to help ; it 's you who did everything . "
tr	8	The search and rescue efforts are working from there , and it 's the closest major hospital . "
tr	9	Thinking about Carl 's involvement in her current situation made Claire 's temples ache .
tr	9	he demanded as he glared around the room .
tr	6	" What an ugly creature , " he announces with an effeminate drawl .
tr	11	Something was different here than at any other time he had encountered these vile little creatures .
tr	6	" Thank you , " I say .
tr	11	Did you tell her that to wear it on the left is an acceptance ?
tr	6	She giggled like a schoolgirl .
tr	9	" But couldn 't someone buy land near yours and rent it out cheaper ? "
tr	10	He makes me want to puke .
tr	8	For Sarah , her day began before it was light out .
tr	11	Calvin wondered why they hadn 't been brought on sooner .
tr	8	" I hate to interrupt , but would you put these on , Dominic ? "
tr	7	For the last time , when I picked the major it was still a viable employment career ! "
tr	10	He was afraid that she would fight the war alone and die later .
tr	8	Indeed ... " He smiled , pressing his lips to her forehead .
tr	8	" Well , if it isn 't our favorite shit merchant ? "
tr	10	I can get higher than they can jump .
tr	9	" I do not know how many days we will be .
tr	8	Mike got a close-up of Uncle Harold as he and Aunt Jen flanked their daughter , taking her hands .
tr	9	" The least you could do is say you 're sorry .
tr	9	he shouted , and the walls and cliffs sent his voice chasing itself off the stones .
tr	10	He swam along the hull , looking for some sort of vulnerability .
tr	6	Not commoner , not peasant , not noble , and definitely not Queen . "
tr	7	" We 'll talk another time , ok ? "
tr	11	" I couldn 't believe you had risk your lives for her . "
tr	6	Just then the compartment door opened and the conductor entered the car .
tr	7	" I 'm telling you , " she went on .
tr	9	" Smart money 's still on Reese coming back to break things up .
tr	5	" No , " the big man said .
tr	7	Alfonso guarded the door at all times .
tr	11	Only then did I realise I was trembling .
tr	8	Maybe she had to run errands .
tr	6	Just stands there , " answered the guard to the left .
tr	9	I have come across from Germany and got myself into a bit of trouble along the way .
tr	8	In the morning , he was putting another mark on his gun case when Zoe woke .
tr	10	I need to go to it , I need to ... But he would wait .
tr	5	Just traditional blankets and prayer mats ... ... stuff like that . "
tr	7	Vented gas and drifting debris surrounded the two hulks like a slow-motion storm .
tr	11	He then got another confused and uncertain look before saying with surprise , " And a dog . "
tr	7	She kicked her leg up at the last word and clapped her hands .
tr	8	" I know about Harry 's involvement with the SAS , I 've seen his file .
tr	8	I need to stay focused . "
tr	10	- And what do you think about him ?
tr	11	All we know is what has been passed down through legend .
tr	10	Victoria watched Toby trudge off toward the study , restraining herself from disciplining him , another new part of his life .
tr	8	What mattered now was that his options had just increased .
tr	9	Claire didn 't know what else to say .
tr	10	Trying to move into the power vacuum . "
tr	11	" What 's the next plan of action if Peyton ends up a dead end ? "
tr	8	" Yes , and you can also blame the entire situation on me . "
tr	9	He concentrated on taking the curve carefully , and then headed along the runway end .
tr	8	" I wanted to be sure . "
tr	10	I fell in a heap , but he managed to stay on his feet .
tr	8	Michael Mazza had laid the deal out , and there really wasn 't any negotiation to it , not really .
tr	8	He sat up suddenly and began looking out the windows .
tr	9	" Splendid , cannot wait to go and visit it . "
tr	9	He was walking slowly , his eyes fixed in great concentration upon the two goblets held on the platter .
tr	8	He was friendly , to be sure .
tr	6	Waves higher than the ship fell on them all with crushing strength .
tr	7	Naturally , some groups were upset by this as well .
tr	11	Do you need help with something ? "
tr	9	" The Trojans were built to destroy Earth .
tr	9	Jus ' the usual , love , " the man mumbles , palming the counter for balance .
tr	9	I 'll miss the brownies , the trips , all our conversations over coffee .
tr	10	Chapter III We didn 't speak as we entered a small cafe for dinner that night .
tr	6	To his relief , she stopped and looked at him .
tr	8	" Honey , you have to get up now !
tr	7	The telepath telling them Josie was his girl .
tr	7	The three men followed the pilots out of the conference room and the admiral led them back to the Com Center .
tr	7	A two-foot round pillar in the middle was the only obstruction in the fifty by thirty room .
tr	8	" The incense put me to sleep , " she complained .
tr	9	I was afraid that I would not see you again .
tr	7	Being around noon , the streets were relatively deserted .
tr	11	' Wonder if it was the same light we saw ? '
tr	9	The very nature and reason of human existence ends their ability to read vibration directly . "
tr	8	" The rebels will soon find you , " Sofia said , hugging the book tightly on her arms .
tr	11	So how is this going to be a problem ? "
tr	10	It is the real reason why we continually move from one continent to another . "
tr	6	" I just saw him , " Eve answered , " about twenty minutes ago . "
tr	5	" Well , see , I 'm not exactly the best dancer either . "
tr	10	Mac was sure Raymond had made a deadly mistake .
tr	10	He had spoken to the pilots about the verbal garbage they would say to him .
tr	9	Pack your bags they 're kicking you out . '
tr	7	Alongside them strolled large self-important and stunningly beautiful birds like the fire bird in the fairy tales .
tr	9	" Damn it , " he muttered as he put the lid over the garbage .
tr	9	He then began to aggressively saw through the bone .
tr	6	" Harald , " Brand said , " you are a strange man . "
tr	6	Doodle hurried off into the house , after his brother , without question .
tr	6	' Godard mentioned another name last night , ' I said curiously .
tr	10	Always to meet with his forbidden love , scouting a potential threat or quelling a bandit nuisance .
tr	9	The Gods play a dangerous game , " he pauses , struggling to speak .
tr	9	After their shuffling feet had gone back to the patio she dropped silently to the floor .
tr	10	You think I 'm worried about you ?
tr	5	With a sheepish expression , Ella admitted , " I 'm slightly ticklish . "
tr	7	With his lance raised , he became very still and stood there , motionless , for about ten minutes .
tr	9	" Get in here , " he said , pulling her by one arm and closing the door .
tr	10	Along the way , they passed the grazing llamas , and Chris thought something about them looked curious .
tr	6	' How did you do the hovering thing ? '
tr	9	Melody looked where Ted was pointing and grabbed the magazine pouch .
tr	7	I dropped my head feigning sadness .
tr	6	Her face , her expression , her body , her magic said it all for me .
tr	7	He barely kept from flinching .
tr	11	They were so happy but , that will never happen again now that they are divorcing .
tr	6	He clasped Roberto 's hand in a fatherly gesture .
tr	8	Dr. Livingston was not to be deterred .
tr	9	" It matters because of what the Superiors value ; strength and cunning .
tr	7	Pierre raised his voice to his captain and he raised a dark brow in question .
tr	10	If it were , they would have left some sort of taunting reminder , or spray-painted the stump or something .
tr	8	Chapter Twenty-One An empty boiler room lay beyond the base of the ventilation shaft .
tr	11	" Do you recall where on Maple Street your son lives ? "
tr	7	Alex 's face showed the dawn of recognition .
tr	6	Woodpecker , always acting independently , opened on his workshop floor an unauthorized Orthopedic Department .
tr	7	Feeling like a fool before an officer , he kicked the dirt and thrust his hands into his pockets .
tr	9	That he was a liar and refused to tell me the truth .
tr	8	A guard in riot gear flies back , a spray of blood and brain splatters on the wall behind him .
tr	9	When she sniffed and went back to her task , he repeated the conversation he 'd overheard .
tr	11	The other agents were insignificant , whatever happened to them was not his concern .
tr	8	But life was a game to him , or at the very least a contest .
tr	11	Do you think it is ? "
tr	7	Lilly Ann asked her mother a few days later at the breakfast table .
tr	10	" Shall we get to work ? "
tr	6	On her high forehead , just below her hairline and above each eye , were two small , fleshy horns .
tr	7	I attend the dojo three times a week and enter into combat .
tr	11	He had thought to find a few hovels , but not the self contained village that thrived before him .
tr	6	" Because you can 't remember everything ? "
tr	9	She was a model from Mexico and came to Japan to strut her stuff .
tr	11	I would refuse to have intercourse with you .
tr	9	" So , what do you think about it ? "
tr	8	" No , no , no , " Rift mumbles , looking from faceless helm to faceless helm .
tr	7	No one else can create in your reality .
tr	7	" Still bad , still negative , still inspiring fear in people halfway across the globe . "
tr	7	" Hold on , " he switched his light back on , " none of you are going in there . "
tr	10	He dove to cover in a shallow depression even as the small woman dropped .
tr	8	" I 'll go get aunt , Nancy and Owen , " he said and left me .
tr	9	I was a nice girl having her first date in Paris .
tr	7	" The two of you should hang your shirts on those low branches .
tr	6	" Can 't even blink , but here she 's crying .
tr	6	The networks , the cable news - the New York Times , for heaven , s sakes !
tr	9	This kingdom cannot withstand another blight of darkness , " she sighs , a tired expression stealing over her face .
tr	7	" Would Dr. Kendall and Dr. Lundquist please come up here and lay out their plan once again .
tr	8	Oh well , sometimes you just have to kick them when they 're down , otherwise they 'll stand back up .
tr	11	I did want to see her .
tr	6	But something else kept intact and loyal , the hearing .
tr	9	' You said you killed him , ' she murmured in a voice devoid of emotion .
tr	8	She pulled her jacket closer around her as the icy air prized open her foggy brain .
tr	9	Malcolm gripped the back of Peyton 's neck and squeezed .
tr	10	" Are you going to explain yourself ? "
tr	8	" Don 't let anyone kill me . "
tr	8	One of the most important of all our customs is the tradition of ' bonding ' .
tr	6	" That 'll be fine Paddy .
tr	5	" Green dresses , green caps , green aprons , even green shoes .
tr	8	Don 't be so mad on me .
tr	10	Finding Calvin on the landing with receiver to his ear Danny motioned .
tr	8	Who you think I am ?
tr	8	" The war was not going well , and surrender was becoming a very real possibility .
tr	6	Midway down the hall , the chamber 's heavy blast door popped open a few inches .
tr	5	Or , in simpler terms , a shattering lot of bears .
tr	7	" That could be for anything . "
tr	6	I distracted myself with a tiny thread unraveling from the cloth napkin .
tr	8	What occupied the flight suit in one seat was little more than a skeleton .
tr	9	I recruited him ten years ago as an agent after he came to us with information .
tr	9	" So , you four admit you where there and you lied to my son . "
tr	9	" I bet you put him up to it . "
tr	9	The Vault is masked somehow from view , even magic seems unable to locate it fortunately .
tr	8	* That evening he picked Gema up at her flat down by the water and they walked on the beach .
tr	8	They will make you their saint and call your house their church .
tr	5	The little girl , Tammy , is boisterous and aggressive .
tr	5	Their names are actually Terry and Margaret . "
tr	7	The old man seemed to freeze .
tr	9	Take that , you fat , gossiping old cow , Neil thought .
tr	7	I looked at her thoughtfully for a moment , then burst out in an uncontrollable giggle .
tr	6	Prewitt frowns with confusion , seeing the other male then views the pretty female .
tr	6	Stretching his neck forward , Jake looked into the washbasin , into the pink water .
tr	9	" You 've evolved , you 're healing powers have advanced . "
tr	11	He usually laughed when thinking about fighting monsters .
tr	5	" Mark , those are my people down there !
tr	6	' Point taken ' , change of subject .
tr	9	Their muscles were tired of the exercise but they forced themselves to move forward .
tr	8	They need to be stopped . "
tr	8	The trees seemed to crowd his every step , the roots clutching at his feet .
tr	9	Mounted in the license plate frame was the most unusual license plate he 'd ever seen .
tr	11	No wonder I didn 't recognize the two of you .
tr	11	The victor let out a cry that echoed across the sands , and the fighting stopped .
tr	6	She looked at him in dismay .
tr	7	Elaina asked , wrinkling her nose .
tr	10	Drew stumbled over to where they were hidden , " Here . "
tr	5	" But first , let 's get an overview . "
tr	9	The way he spoke ... he knows life and the cost of death better than anyone .
tr	5	And the first and third ones ... " She gritted her teeth . "
tr	8	She allowed them to run freely .
tr	6	What 's behind that last door ?
tr	9	" This is your daughter isn 't it ?
tr	7	Riki appeared beneath him and squinted .
tr	7	Then , without an explanation , he ran back round the corner to the Comet display .
tr	7	Ensign Jackson will accompany you and show the way . "
tr	6	' Your sanity is safe , ' said a voice in the dark .
tr	6	The information is in their research databases . "
tr	7	You must leave now , " Mana called urgently .
tr	8	Taking care not to wake Sky , Claire slid the thermometer into her niece 's ear and pressed the button .
tr	7	For the first time , he looked like an old , worn out man .
tr	6	Reason took over then , and I grabbed the grate .
tr	9	Right now , we 've got a job to finish . "
tr	11	When he spoke again his tone was ominously soft , " Things change , General .
tr	9	According to University rumour , these were now stored in closely guarded vaults beneath the Library .
tr	11	Neil thought it looked like giant 's cotton thread running through several huge needles .
tr	9	Nothing like a fine meal to work up a good conversation . "
tr	5	Turns out she was once a Navy Seal .
tr	7	' Roman and the entire Order of Bastian Hunters will be behind us .
tr	5	... All except the man I once called father . "
tr	10	Assessing the remaining wounds inflicted , the hero finally begins to understand the severity of the situation .
tr	11	They looked at him not understanding and Joshua had to stop himself from chuckling .
tr	10	There were many players injured during the course of a game .
tr	6	' Would not a shorter life better serve this great beast , and not a longer ? '
tr	5	' Hey , can you guys hear me ? '
tr	7	questioned Uncle Jeff digging the tines of his fork into a mussel .
tr	5	" He was a caster as well ? "
tr	9	She tries to lift her arms but feels her wrists are restrained .
tr	9	" That was an experience and a half , " Steve said when his brother sank into a desk chair .
tr	9	Cade paused , and Elaina turned back , " Then what happened ? "
tr	11	The only thing I know is that I want to go home .
tr	5	But , despite his antiquity , he was robust and virile .
tr	10	I had to stop inviting them over because she 'd scare them away .
tr	6	Taking a deep breath , she whispered " I 'm your wife , Paul ! "
tr	7	I have heard of such things .
tr	11	Lizzie looked up and saw it high in a tree above them .
tr	8	Not without telling him about my recent spy missions .
tr	9	" Because I don 't know if I can trust them . "
tr	5	" Hungry , dizzy , and I have a slight headache .
tr	6	Scott watched the bear dig into the drum again .
tr	10	Hank leaned close to Chuck and said , " Now you have to come .
tr	7	I hope you find Starbucks .
tr	8	Truth was I missed her .
tr	9	She stopped in front of the cottage and scanned the windows for any sign of life .
tr	7	" So I was thinking maybe a pale pink , " started Marja .
tr	7	But let 's be serious , why not ?
tr	6	The fading sounds of a distant blast reached us .
tr	11	He was shuffling through papers when Jin walked in .
tr	8	He had to be kidding .
tr	6	Dad never brought them to our house .
tr	7	The two teenagers had several failed attempts at head butting one another .
tr	10	What was wrong with being human ?
tr	11	' What if she said she 'd wanted help ? '
tr	10	I 'll take all the help I can get . "
tr	11	" Yes , she went up to the canteen with the man that came in this morning .
tr	9	" It is time to come back . "
tr	6	" Baths , new clothes , food , drink , books , and lanterns . "
tr	11	Three weeks of sitting around , looking at the same videos and trying to look busy .
tr	7	There was no lock on this one .
tr	6	The harpy gave an answering cry , less piercing , less lonely , than before , at least to my ears .
tr	5	Two feet off the floor , the wall wasn 't purple .
tr	6	Has anyone every dropped an ice cube down your back ?
tr	6	" Why don 't you get her up ? "
tr	7	I took the seat at the oak desk and studied the monitors on the wall .
tr	6	" ' Always together , never apart ' . "
tr	9	He waited until the rumble of voices died down .
tr	10	Although the court thought , a witch she was not ; The first victim is seen with a diamond of green .
tr	9	I closed it back in the case and shoved it to the bottom of the box .
tr	7	They were already sweating profusely weighted down with all the extra gear .
tr	9	The European immigrants soon became U.S. citizens , just as his original team of Russians had done .
tr	7	Besides , it 's not a gun , it 's a .22 caliber rifle , " said Tommy proudly .
tr	8	He looked deeply into the eyes of the white wolf .
tr	7	And now sitting in the starship Ben nearly jumped out of his seat .
tr	10	Josh said trying to be slick .
tr	11	There 's no telling how many nights he 'll be trapped there alone .
tr	8	They lectured us hard about the nuclear winter , about the radiation dangers , about the probable pestilence .
tr	7	Nelly closed the drawers , and went to the small cupboard .
tr	10	Neil allowed himself to be towed through the long passage .
tr	8	At the end of practice the coach held a few members over to work on mistakes she had seen .
tr	8	We ... " Lynn held a finger up to her lips , " They 're probably listening .
tr	9	Have responded to the disturbance at Golden Leaf .
tr	5	" Fools gold and empty prospects , let him be . "
tr	8	An insult to homegirl 's skills , but better her than me .
tr	6	' But , maybe three or four years ago we had an RTA up there .
tr	6	She could not deny it anymore .
tr	6	Few people passed the hospital on the unlit sidewalks .
tr	10	She was happy to get moving .
tr	11	" Our peoples will not be able to withstand them and they will be enslaved . "
tr	9	Like a lot of parents , she had worried about so many unimportant things in the past .
tr	5	" Yes , we really should " Trudy replied .
tr	8	" We should reach the end in a few minutes .
tr	10	Claire strode towards the bus and tried to get on , but it was locked .
tr	10	There was silence for a moment and then the voice again almost bored .
tr	8	There were male survivors that escaped .
tr	9	" At first he may have started with good intentions , but your kin are hated by The Orion Confederation .
tr	6	The couch didn 't even have a pillow .
tr	6	Red pen underlined a few phrases , added commentary in the margins ( Luray Caverns count as spiritual place ?
tr	7	We need to talk . "
tr	9	Those that were in the capital city would ride out to meet them .
tr	8	Dominic got up and turned to leave .
tr	10	" Behave yourself ; wouldn 't want you to get shot by some gendarme . "
tr	8	The events of the last few days were finally catching up on me : I had rarely felt so exhausted .
tr	8	Joe turned towards Melody and with a quick jerk , ripped the duct tape from her face .
tr	9	Just about the same time as Mr. Hoover did , " Ted said .
tr	9	It feels like someone took a cheese grater to my butt . "
tr	10	" They want permission to come on board , " the crow master yelled down .
tr	6	Leaving the hay barn , they stepped out into the bleak winter light .
tr	6	" Let 's see her , " said Kurt at last .
tr	8	For a time , King Martin turned into a raging absolutist ; the Faith should have been proud .
tr	10	Seconds later , the hand goes limp and Zelda has fallen into a deep slumber .
tr	7	Just then , the door opened and a shirtless Aiden with messy hair emerged into view .
tr	7	Elaina smiled , but the longer she looked , the less radiant the city appeared .
tr	8	This was a lady and you did not treat a lady like that .
tr	9	Sampson was a man of unlimited power in the West Tennessee Republic as only military dictators could be .
tr	8	" Let 's not use your uncle 's agency ; let 's just do it ourselves .
tr	9	The afternoon sky was robin 's egg blue , with high puffy clouds moving in lockstep across the horizon .
tr	10	Tarleton pushed onwards and a moment later was shaking snow from his clothes onto the rocks .
tr	10	did I do something wrong ? "
tr	9	They ran away along with some of the men still inside the caravans -- - who 'd blame them ?
tr	11	" Sir , we don 't have anything that can stop those tanks .
tr	9	If I can make it there , he thought , I will be okay .
tr	11	The claws and scales began to turn into red speckles of dust and vanished .
tr	10	I wish I knew why . "
tr	5	" Ah , yes , m ' lord , " came his voice .
tr	9	" Everything has to be rebuilt , " he said .
tr	6	" There 's our 451 , " Duke said to Goodspeed .
tr	6	" Fine , " she said and turned to the Prince .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	8	He twisted my wrist around and jammed the end of the taser into my side .
tr	6	Hi Gwen , " Lance waves with his massive clawed fingers .
tr	11	Layla hated herself for hurting this old man whom she loved .
tr	7	Lilly Ann 's brother Willie proudly occupied the driver 's seat and waved at them with a buggy whip .
tr	10	She swallowed and panicked as her airway felt closed with grit .
tr	9	It took all three of us to drag it open .
tr	11	Some begged while others tried to sell various wares .
tr	9	There was the boss 's bodyguard sitting happy as Larry .
tr	5	" As well as a bit creeped out . "
tr	11	She turned and squatted down so her face was nearer Sky 's .
tr	10	She was right before exploding like an atomic bomb .
tr	10	Missy inched her way backwards and managed to turn herself around for the last few steps .
tr	6	That Santa tracker thing NASA and NORAD do ... " " Completely accurate , " admitted Santa .
tr	9	He demands , having put up with this game long enough .
tr	10	I would much rather face that eventuality head on , " Dagger says bravely .
tr	5	" Well , this one didn 't , " Abby stated .
tr	5	Seconds later , a portly , balding man entered the foyer .
tr	6	Why , simply because it hadn 't been invented .
tr	9	" I thought you 'd appreciate this .
tr	6	' The old man at the station was an immortal .
tr	8	But to see such a thing in person ... she was simply stunned .
tr	6	A grumble of agreement rose and fell from the assembled crew .
tr	6	He even took a few steps back for good measure .
tr	6	Without much practice , she was not a particularly useful Healer .
tr	11	Later that afternoon , he returned to the drums to find the apple was still there .
tr	10	I realize I 've stopped playing .
tr	5	" Sorry , I 'll try and stop . "
tr	9	They will begin landing troops within the next few hours to ' stabilize ' the country .
tr	8	I had to stop it .
tr	9	A large gathering in the market square grabs her attention , the noisy group bantering angrily around the guard captain .
tr	7	She had seen a man die .
tr	9	I slipped the Glock 17 from the holster on my hip and slowly placed it in her grasp .
tr	11	In the darkness she could not see the grin she heard in his voice .
tr	8	" He is probably involved in something illegal but I know nothing about his business .
tr	6	" Turns out Thad and Stefan and Bernie , and maybe the Squire himself , are all wizards .
tr	9	" How about the bottle of Scotch that 's been in your cupboard for the past year ?
tr	8	David sat down heavily in one of the kitchen chairs .
tr	10	" Well , I guess we 've both had a long day , " Ted said .
tr	5	At the Grahame Coats Agency , a client 's money is a sacrosanct trust .
tr	10	I have decided to set her free . "
tr	6	Using his scalpel , he cut away the torn and mangled muscle tissue .
tr	10	" No cattle have trampled the plain on this side of the city , " said she .
tr	7	He flung down the fan and strode out of the hut .
tr	9	, ' Do we build a new street or leave the old one alone ? '
tr	5	" Oh , damn , sorry Nik , I wasn 't concentrating . "
tr	6	' This isn 't even the Worst Year , ' said someone in the crowd .
tr	9	" Alfred doesn 't know how close William and I once were , " said Victoria .
tr	6	Bryant paled , said nothing , grabbed his sword belt and cloak , and fled the room .
tr	5	It 's a paradise , Utopia , blah blah blah .
tr	9	If I decided to stay .
tr	8	I shouted , " Ahoy Hammer permission to come alongside . "
tr	10	He turned back to me " Of course their attention is focused on the Trojan Devices at the moment .
tr	8	Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated .
tr	5	' So this fourth immortal 's name is Barbara ? '
tr	7	A male voice crescendo , while a man approached me .
tr	9	He turned quickly , but knew already what he would find .
tr	11	Let me discover what is wrong .
tr	9	Chase sighed and added , " It was her fault after all . "
tr	10	There are ways to cover your tracks , to be anonymous or to be someone else entirely .
tr	11	I 'm also a realist and understand that the JP could crash and burn at any time .
tr	10	The last time she had seen him she had thought him to be her betrothed .
tr	9	006 remained mute , with a frightened look on his face , glancing around nervously , not looking at his captors .
tr	6	" Hmm , " she said , " have you ever considered fate ?
tr	8	Dropping her eyes to the screen again , Claire breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	6	' The rest of the bones ... ' She knelt down and moved some more soil aside .
tr	6	" I 'm - " " No , " I growled , hoisting Kat 's slight weight off the table .
tr	10	Simon turned to face the view of the Thames River .
tr	6	As they flew , the soft flap of his magnificent black wings made her eyelids droop .
tr	10	Wendy would be leaving soon , heading off to Cambridge on a scholarship .
tr	8	The fields were trampled and burned , the fences ground to the earth , broken and shattered .
tr	8	Many steelhead overwinter or live year round in the lake because it is so warm . "
tr	6	" All right Ms. Nosy , " Taylor teased , " why not .
tr	9	The A17 is a road with few curves or bends as it stretches across the flat Lincolnshire countryside .
tr	7	When the car moves on , Gabe falls back against the seat .
tr	8	A soft breeze washed through the cave stirring the damp air .
tr	9	But Tommy politely bowed , too , and said , " Pleased to meet you . "
tr	8	" I ' ve also been thinking about this .
tr	6	She wiped the salt water from her body .
tr	5	In this , the uniforms might help or hinder .
tr	6	" I never chose this , " she waves her free hand up and down her body .
tr	5	" No , " Claire forced out a laugh .
tr	8	Ellen opened the driver 's door and looked inside ; the keys were in the ignition .
tr	10	It feels good to be alone and enjoy each other .
tr	7	Certainly , our family will have a very good payday today .
tr	8	Rick hobbled to the table , grabbing the cube on the way .
tr	6	Finally , one day she threw her sword on the training room floor in frustration .
tr	6	' No , ' Amy said sheepishly , ' of course not . '
tr	7	After a moment , he heard a muffled voice from inside say , " Come on in . "
tr	7	I desperately reached for Aimee , swinging my arms wildly .
tr	9	They cried out in pain as various metal components collided with their ribs and thighs .
tr	7	I leapt out of the vehicle , dashing forward .
tr	10	We also need you to catch Sampson 's spies and assassins as fast as possible . "
tr	10	" Next time , listen to me when I do not trust a person 's intentions . "
tr	10	As he set each plate in front of the girls he kissed them on top their heads .
tr	11	Clancy didn 't even break stride , he just kept walking , staring straight ahead as if nothing had been said .
tr	8	The lack of information , and ability to communicate , was so damn frustrating .
tr	8	Byron trailed off , unknowingly echoing Lord Collin 's words from earlier .
tr	9	As soon as I return on this flight , Mission Two 's countdown will begin .
tr	10	I think they were arguing amongst themselves .
tr	10	24 Which had died in its sleep .
tr	5	" No , no , Professor , " said Greene .
tr	5	After a while she nodded hurriedly .
tr	9	Sarah heard first and then saw John across the campfire laughing at something Gavin said .
tr	7	Finally , I ran out of words and grabbed his hand .
tr	5	Mr. Hunter , Mrs. Christina , Kyle , Tiffany , Lorie ... .
tr	11	I didn 't want her to know what I knew .
tr	7	And it probably will be longer still after that .
tr	11	If you had not killed him one of them would have . "
tr	6	" Remember your training , Bryn , " Patrick ordered , the lightness no longer in his voice .
tr	6	' Ah , but for his final illustrations , he of course doesn 't use paint ! '
tr	9	I finally slept much longer , since I have changed the time zone .
tr	10	Ellen spun to the left in surprise at the voice ; she had thought the building was empty .
tr	5	" Honestly , I have no idea . "
tr	5	September 29th , Major air gap , since the last entry , I know .
tr	8	The skeletons of several tall buildings are rising above newly paved streets and concrete sidewalks .
tr	11	It was more than it appeared to be .
tr	7	As Serena passes her kinsmen , under Kai 's tight grasp , they look at her with curious , raised eyebrows .
tr	6	" Don 't be , " Mai comforts with a chuckle .
tr	6	We 'll pick some wildflowers .
tr	10	Never let 'em see you sweat .
tr	9	Archie 's father spat , as he glared at Andy .
tr	10	It seemed hotter than her last visit even though that had only been a few weeks ago .
tr	9	He scrambled up to the summit of the spire and looked toward the horizons .
tr	11	She didn 't even acknowledge that there was anyone in the room .
tr	6	" Did Ishmael talk to you about all this ? "
tr	11	Fish 's locator beacon was red , meaning he was off line .
tr	9	This must be the work of a powerful Logos weaver and that meant Tiamat was here .
tr	7	Hot coals might not make her say so , but the understanding was in her .
tr	6	" Here , here , " Alex grinned , " Put him in his place . "
tr	9	That is , he supposed , unless the price was right .
tr	7	Her answer was critical to him .
tr	10	Probably the station 's reporters hadn 't yet had time to do their digging and make the connections .
tr	9	We all know him so very well as he is already a decorated combat hero .
tr	9	He let fifteen minutes pass on his watch and then stood and walked to the middle of the road .
tr	10	And if I didn 't answer what would he do ?
tr	9	Fighting the urge to sob , Zelda 's tears flow just the same .
tr	11	" I thought they were here to rescue me ! "
tr	8	he has some news I think . "
tr	6	" She was recently unattached , her mate had been killed . "
tr	11	Bradley heard his father call knocking at the door .
tr	8	" Well you 're not bringing that skull to our place , " Ricky stepped forward and was adamant .
tr	11	He was of two minds about using automated controls to guide the modules together .
tr	8	The truck in front of them was heavy and lumbered up another incline .
tr	11	" Jim , Herb , Dan stick around for a minute please , I 'd like to get up to speed .
tr	5	" No , we 're not , " Brazen responded .
tr	8	I moved to one side and gestured the Minster to enter .
tr	8	" Is everyone playing golf tomorrow ? "
tr	8	David realized he had no idea .
tr	7	Momentarily startled by the transmission , Jon finds the talk button with his left hand and responds .
tr	8	Miriam immediately dashed forward and grabbed at the sweets , but Mana held up her arm .
tr	11	" That 's why I always try to have a ' Plan B ' . "
tr	7	" So , you can see now , " she eyed him nervously .
tr	11	It would only take seconds for me to find her , slice through her ropes and rescue her .
tr	8	She can take the spare bedroom with the ensuite and the room opposite as a sitting room .
tr	10	I 'm pretty tough , but even I 'm not up for living with that . "
tr	8	There was a dark light in the large man 's eyes .
tr	8	' You could have finished him off , ' said Reid as we raced down the steps of the police headquarters .
tr	9	She has put us all in danger with her game .
tr	9	" I don 't know what you want , " he said almost sadly .
tr	5	The Colonel 's face became very grim .
tr	10	We 've got to get out of here .
tr	10	Connor clasped Maria 's hand and turned to look at Billy .
tr	8	" I agree with your father , darling , " added her mother .
tr	9	Our heels clicked along the corridor outside the great hall as we pushed our way through the throng .
tr	5	" You didn 't , though - " " Well , " she scoffed .
tr	8	Black holes were several million light years away but even still it all just took a matter of patience .
tr	10	" Time to get going . "
tr	10	If we meet other humans , you 'll be allowed to make the first contact .
tr	7	" Hold them here , " he told Merkel over the battalion net .
tr	6	" What will you do Harry ?
tr	9	Dangerous books , books on subjects no one dared discuss out loud , books on black magic .
tr	10	Mr. Cabot never even seemed to take notice of us .
tr	5	" But for what it 's worth ?
tr	8	Never slackening , our horses galloped through this new mass of people .
tr	11	They did not show any signs that they had been read more than once .
tr	8	Now we can laugh about it but then it was serious .
tr	8	Susan stood staring down at her dying subordinate as the lights flickered .
tr	8	Its body was roughly the same size as the house , with wings that big again and a long sturdy tail .
tr	11	She had to keep her oath to God and her mother -- there was simply no other way .
tr	7	However , a human lifetime is in average 60-80 years and mine is much , much longer .
tr	6	After a brief pause , he moved his attention to his palm .
tr	6	" 3 ... 4 ... 5 " " Maybe ... it was a bad idea .
tr	5	And yet , at the same time , his gentle caresses were incredibly soothing .
tr	11	Spotting its prey , the agile beast leaps from pillar to pillar before landing directly in front of Rift .
tr	8	' Okay this time , guys on stage , can you focus your performance on these girls ? '
tr	9	I do not intend to stay awake longer than I need . "
tr	6	I can only manage a whisper .
tr	8	No need to tell you Zimmerman has been on my radar screen for a long time .
tr	8	" You must be the lady of the house ! "
tr	6	I jerked my thumb toward his bedroom .
tr	8	I think we 're safe . "
tr	9	I stumbled the last few steps to a circular set of stairs going up , up , and up .
tr	9	' Don 't worry I got it .
tr	11	He already knew her face before he even had to know her .
tr	11	He was kind of glad that he was wasting Rob 's lighter and not his own .
tr	8	Nobody cracked a smile and he cleared his throat nervously and turned back to the board .
tr	11	Her features became suddenly arrested , and her hands began to twist the cloth she still held around her fingers .
tr	8	Ted passed the belt around Melody 's waist and fastened the buckle .
tr	7	Yes , that might help her stay awake .
tr	8	" Got it , " said Billy putting away his map and looking around for his team members .
tr	8	" He and the guys watching the Spitfire chased me round the airfield .
tr	5	Let 's move out , in case they had friends . "
tr	6	" Of course , " Stacy said and she and Sarah went inside .
tr	7	" Killing her , killing us , killing the king !
tr	7	' I want Lucas with us . '
tr	9	" Don 't let him drink the whole thing at once .
tr	7	They will not be expecting this . '
tr	7	" You 're here because of me , " I apologetically said .
tr	9	We don 't have to let him alone .
tr	5	" Her botany lesson , Nelly , " Furnace explained .
tr	6	" I 've killed people . "
tr	10	" And the storm that washed away the ship was kind enough to grace us with these items . "
tr	8	I humbly apologize for my previous attempts to kill you .
tr	9	Toby wondered if this man could be trusted .
tr	11	" I guess I was right about the Spades , " Hagan asserted .
tr	8	I exit the room , watching him for the last time .
tr	10	I don 't feel like talking to anyone .
tr	9	And if he did ever see their faces , it could be behind the muzzle of a gun .
tr	10	The two men asked the driver to step down from his cab .
tr	9	She and David were sitting in a corner alcove in the Dragon comparing notes .
tr	10	They have their own guards , so I have nothing to do with them . "
tr	11	The youth pulled out his knife , twisting the blade so the jewels in the hilt caught the light .
tr	8	That 's how many zeroes guys ? "
tr	8	Sarah saw a shadow cross the back window .
tr	5	First her shoes , then her dress , then her bra , then finally her panties .
tr	10	You have no other friends or family , and you 're too greedy to pass this payday .
tr	5	' Just her cheek , ' marvelled the House Mistress .
tr	6	The angels tug on the leashes .
tr	6	Carlos and Buck , already in the seats , thanked Martie as Preston reminded them about first names .
tr	8	She and Mercedes met long ago at a royal ball , and the two have been inseparable ever since .
tr	5	" He isn 't your concern any longer . "
tr	9	Foley had wanted to wake them .
tr	11	The pass was piled with high snow -- a two-story wall rising from the belly .
tr	10	It didn 't take long to clear up the breakfast mess and hop into the truck .
tr	5	" One Ferret with a good amount of experience .
tr	9	What if I were a tourist from Canada ?
tr	9	Well , she isn 't upset by the idea of me , anyway .
tr	9	" If you would really care about me , you would tell me . "
tr	7	After a long moment , the two walked to Alfred 's office without comment .
tr	5	" Hold ' im , " he said .
tr	7	Anna frowned and glanced from the immortal to the screen .
tr	8	Tomas Godard hesitated before nodding slightly .
tr	9	Chapter 4 : High Bluffs Wolf Eyes looked into the door of his house .
tr	10	I did learn to fly and was going to take the test ! "
tr	9	Hopefully she 'll spill the beans , with the other two out of the way .
tr	10	For a month he 'd fought every day to hold the high ground atop the fence .
tr	10	" I 'm sure you 'll do the right thing . "
tr	6	" Glad you could join us , Savvy . "
tr	8	I relented and couldn 't help but smile .
tr	7	Whatever manner of message you bring , it affects us all .
tr	11	I 'm meant to walk across it just balancing ?
tr	10	Alexa nodded furiously , trying to convince herself .
tr	11	Is that were you where ? "
tr	6	But back to the building I found myself in .
tr	5	" I just - " " Stop , " Rand said softly .
tr	8	Once in the saddle , she could see the men were patiently waiting for her .
tr	8	It provided a wide view of the area , as well as being withdrawn and out of notice from the street .
tr	10	' Sorry to hear of your losses Alan .
tr	7	He walked to a nearby table and poured water into a goblet , and then handed it to Jason .
tr	6	There was a gasped ' Nom de Dieu ! '
tr	11	It was all because they all wanted to use her .
tr	6	Austin and I just stared and covered our mouths and noses .
tr	9	And now , as he peered up and over the dune , Chris saw him come into the cove .
tr	6	An occasional flickering florescent light revealed halls and offices in three directions .
tr	9	That girl was indeed different , in a way he himself could not tell .
tr	11	or whatever they have on top of their necks ... .
tr	11	Sailors on the Chesapeake used everything they could for ballast and for anchors .
tr	6	There is no prince , there isn 't a white horse , there isn 't a castle or happily ever after .
tr	9	" Last year we shot more than we could carry , " said Loot .
tr	10	Raising his eyebrows , Landon checked the hills again , then hitched his bag farther up his shoulder and set off .
tr	11	Now that I 've gotten to know her , I think she 's all right , for a girl .
tr	10	" But weren 't you worried that he would come back for revenge ? "
tr	11	Nearly there , she thought to herself as she moved carefully to the edge of the roof .
tr	9	Alejo winked again and then said a little louder , " You did it .
tr	8	We all just kind of stand there , peering into the room .
tr	7	It sounded like another boy his own age .
tr	10	Nothing happened as all was motionless around us .
tr	9	Which way was this Pool of Tears again he wondered .
tr	8	When he was directly below the falcon , his hand lost contact with the wall .
tr	7	I felt my heart slow down .
tr	11	I could tell he was done talking .
tr	10	" By attempting to destroy us the humans have decided which world I shall rule from .
tr	9	Red slowly turns and takes the rear position as they follow Beverly off the bridge .
tr	9	There is no easy way to do this .
tr	9	" Why can 't the lab fix her , haven 't we arrived at Sanctuary ? "
tr	6	" You 're a traitor , Meghan 's the Summer princess , and I 'm Robin Goodfellow .
tr	11	" You are seating there , pretending as if you don 't know ?
tr	9	There was a loud burst of sound , as the large crowd of gathered soldiers cheered Leah 's win .
tr	9	The cavalry has to represent a more complex , civilized culture . "
tr	11	That 's what hired help was for .
tr	6	His hands were strangely soft and his cologne was faint and familiar .
tr	7	" We should open the letter , " Gunnar said .
tr	8	The mean man she met months ago was gone .
tr	9	It 's not far from the hostel , maybe it 's not a bad thing that Cockermouth wasn 't available .
tr	8	Chris stayed quiet during that part of the conversation .
tr	9	" God , you two developed a secret language since I was gone , " David said .
tr	9	" Said it was ... William ... no .
tr	8	Her pink eyes will always be watching , and her Evil Eye will always be on them . "
tr	7	After everything I 've been through ... " My voice catches .
tr	9	" No , " he said and went back to devouring his apple .
tr	6	Maybe I should loosen the ties .
tr	11	Nathan could tell that Anderson was getting frustrated , but Reggie stepped in smoothly .
tr	9	She still would have lost control of Dan .
tr	7	" Ah , pure , definite planning ... ' change something . ' "
tr	9	Just then , she dropped into the empty chair next to him .
tr	6	Oh God , " she repeated , her voice breaking .
tr	8	He turned his monitor so Helen could see .
tr	5	" Nothing , just wisdom stuff , " he answered a little wryly .
tr	10	He came to stand close to her .
tr	8	Pedro was impressive , to say the least .
tr	7	It was Branden , and he said those horrible , untrue things . "
tr	8	I blinked at the orange light pouring in through the curtains .
tr	8	A lot of folks just move in together and stay , and that is that .
tr	11	' Who ... who could have done this ? '
tr	6	" You didn 't answer the question . "
tr	9	" You think he will like it , Finn ? "
tr	8	Inset into the medal was a Christian cross , bisecting the diamond 's angles .
tr	5	" Apart from the crazy intense part it 's rather nice here . "
tr	8	" Wow , there must be two inches of snow .
tr	8	If anything else is in your way , we 'll gladly move it .
tr	5	" Go ahead and - " " No , " Amara said .
tr	11	How he was going to be better .
tr	10	The Priest 's men were now severely outnumbered and were struggling to protect him .
tr	8	He stood on a long stretch of sand .
tr	9	That 's an easy answer to give , but a tricky tale to tell .
tr	9	His chest heaved in and out , and he stepped closer , pushing his face in mine .
tr	8	I don 't believe in coincidences , someone wanted you to find me . "
tr	8	" You just say what you 're feeling . "
tr	6	' And anyway , ' asked another , ' aren 't they all religious maniacs ?
tr	7	Scrolling through her phone book with numb fingers , Claire found Jeff 's number and dialled it in .
tr	11	It was quite obvious that this was their first ride in a small aircraft , maybe their first flight at all .
tr	6	The HALO jump over the Mediterranean Sea was from thirty thousand feet .
tr	7	The sailor 's head was in between her legs .
tr	7	A smug smile comes and goes on the boy 's face .
tr	8	" I should ask you the same , " Sheik quickly retorts , eyeing the boy 's peculiar armor .
tr	8	Soon the sword and dagger were coated in scarlet blood , and with each kill he grew faster and stronger .
tr	7	" Security Chief , Wayland , to the Captain 's Suite , " she orders .
tr	7	A horse trotted out : a shapely black mare with her mane tied into braids .
tr	8	He pointed to the mountain of pastries on my tray .
tr	10	It 's up to us to ensure they remember , ' Raphael said .
tr	6	In an instant , the glorious Light of the Lord settled over them as an opaque golden cloud .
tr	9	Everyone else on the planet seemed to have vanished as well .
tr	8	He hadn 't touched her in months but she didn 't really mind that .
tr	8	Good turnout I think , " replied Dick , his eyes quickly scanning the room .
tr	9	We 'll do a tank charge and hot meals before pushing on . "
tr	7	Sitting down in the dirt , he ran his hands across his face and sighed into the sky .
tr	5	Whereupon , of course , the new imports became all the rage . "
tr	6	" Had she better not change for the journey ? "
tr	7	" I only speak the truth , " the man said , grinning his bloody grin .
tr	9	" The one who 's been missing . "
tr	9	She had no idea how much time they had left .
tr	11	" Colonel Masque reports that it is as we feared , my Laird .
tr	11	Kurt Weber sat across from his priest , a large , young man I didn 't recognize .
tr	5	' Natural talent , I suppose , ' I replied glumly . '
tr	8	" We would need an engine and wheels , " Taylor felt right in his element .
tr	7	Producing a display table from seemingly nowhere , the salesman lays out a wide variety of masks .
tr	8	Not everything about the old world was worthy of emulating .
tr	7	The microphone guy had pulled a large metal flashlight from his pocket .
tr	10	Need to talk when you can .
tr	7	Miriam picked up a shell , examined it , and tossed it back onto the sand .
tr	9	I can 't believe I 'm here . "
tr	9	Frustrating when nothing comes of them .
tr	7	" What 's going on ? "
tr	9	No wonder I can 't do small talk .
tr	7	Why you didn 't call me back ? "
tr	7	It had weighed heavily on his mind .
tr	8	A tanker full of fuel would certainly let him do it .
tr	9	I 'm sorry I awoke you .
tr	10	She understood and after expressing fondness for each other they agreed to continue as friends .
tr	5	Didn 't I just wipe out another gang like ... not too long ago ?
tr	8	As she walked to his desk it swung heavily and shone in the lamplight .
tr	9	There really wasn 't much else to say , was there ?
tr	6	What a fool I was .
tr	5	' Anna and the other scientists set up their lab down here .
tr	6	Alexis shook her head and rolled her eyes .
tr	8	A sculptured oak table stood in the middle of a flagstone floor .
tr	10	I guess at least you 'd never be bored .
tr	8	They just got off the bottom of the lake for crying out loud ! "
tr	5	A sip here , a sip there , that 's the norm .
tr	5	A wide , deep gorge separated the two .
tr	6	' Why are you out of a job ? '
tr	11	Her stomach warned her not to think of the taste of it .
tr	8	The only way to find magic , is with magic .
tr	10	Trust that he knows what he 's doing , she thought .
tr	6	" Despite his charms , " the Queen said , " that kiss will not free the girl . "
tr	10	" We reserve the right to dissuade him from whatever decision he makes .
tr	8	" Yes , the owner is the richest man in the country and certainly one of the wealthier ones globally . "
tr	6	His kind words only brought more tears , he assumed from some fearful night dream .
tr	8	Alejo had stopped shaking and lay flat on the bed , face the color of white clay .
tr	6	They brought their horses , Rocky and Dan and the two ponies with them .
tr	8	Katherine made no attempt to move .
tr	11	They were taught to seek out their entertainment and existence from nature and the land that God gave us .
tr	8	Nice man , and he 's looking for a singer .
tr	6	By the time Olsson turned , he was already too late .
tr	10	I have to know what happened .
tr	6	He drops the trash into the bin .
tr	8	I shut out my broken and confused feelings and focused on the moment .
tr	6	Use the satellite phones for all communications .
tr	5	" And far better off , in many ways , I should think . "
tr	10	Victoria , I think you could have a story there , " said William .
tr	7	Usually we do not encounter any substantial resistance , but there are the occasional casualties .
tr	7	" What a turnaround , first diplomatic mission for the US will be Cuba !
tr	7	" Don 't worry Lisa , I 'm not crazy , I was just messing with you .
tr	9	I promise I won 't harm your soul . "
tr	11	Leo You will first start to notice the effects of this transit around Saturday .
tr	11	He pauses , and I think he 's actually waiting for a laugh .
tr	5	Your true enemy is far more cunning . "
tr	7	After the question was asked , one person came out of the circle and stepped closer to the old man .
tr	11	He did think she was beautiful .
tr	8	If I do , it won 't matter where we go .
tr	8	Lucas saw that much was true .
tr	6	" There is one more thing , " her tone was darker .
tr	6	They were generic rations and displayed no store logo .
tr	11	The Prince turned around and started to pace , needing to do something .
tr	5	Steady , she reminded herself .
tr	7	Peyton regained his footing and gasped at my reddening cheekbone .
tr	7	I sheathed the swords , drew the weapons from the holsters at my hips and stepped out of the lift .
tr	9	Chase caught Sofia who was still unconscious .
tr	6	" Insect eyes " he thought , " not animal eyes , only they are much too big . "
tr	6	" Do you mind ? "
tr	5	Yet the ' waking groan ' and the ' work groan ' seemed both present right away .
tr	7	I mean , I 've been around you almost every day for four years . "
tr	11	She saw her hands reach to the jewel around her neck .
tr	8	They had to be fugitives .
tr	8	" That 's the other thing ... " I am looking for Ryan .
tr	10	And what was worse is they had done so under her very nose .
tr	7	He was limp between them .
tr	6	The gun in her hand moved to the woman next to Tomas Godard .
tr	6	the drive through north Georgia , Tennessee , and then the most problematic , the wilderness of south central Kentucky .
tr	7	And who was talking to the king ?
tr	8	As the sun came up she closed the blinds on the small kitchen window plunging the room back into darkness .
tr	8	" Well , for one thing , we do not know exactly what the seeds are .
tr	6	" At the club ... last night ... " He dropped his head to her shoulder .
tr	9	I sent a short report to Allan by radio as we proceeded to San Juan .
tr	7	She heaped one plate with food as she spoke .
tr	9	They know that Logan and I are traveling together .
tr	8	" That was just a happy coincidence , " Jace pointed to the top of a nearby tower .
tr	7	The council meeting was over , and the braves returned to the celebration in the plaza .
tr	9	When her stoic expression remains solid as granite , he knows she will not fail him .
tr	6	All those years in an induced coma , hooked up to machines , having his brain dredged for information .
tr	6	The assassination attempt on his seventeenth name day flickered across his vision .
tr	11	Never one to miss an opportunity , she liked to turn her triumphs into video tutorials on her blog .
tr	11	His eyesight was just adequate as was his hearing and sense of smell .
tr	11	Lilly Ann looked at him asking herself how he cold not know .
tr	6	The first such excursion proved quiet and he quickly returned .
tr	11	Jen you stay in Hereford for now , perhaps start catching up on the paper work .
tr	7	" Sir , the meeting with the Pakistani ambassador is at nine . "
tr	8	" Of course , " he nods , easing back onto his seat .
tr	7	The starship shuddered slightly and they shot out into a light blue space .
tr	6	" I did not mean that ! "
tr	10	' What 's she hoping to achieve by this ? '
tr	9	I need to know why .
tr	8	" Du n no , " said Sam before taking another drink .
tr	11	I didn 't believe it ; I thought she was part of my mind .
tr	7	' We 'll deal with Marcus later .
tr	6	Night and day he practiced the shooting at the wooden target and even toward the slaves .
tr	5	His hands followed my lead , up , down , around and around .
tr	9	He had to be in there .
tr	9	Military Intelligence badges were pinned to his collar , while his shoulder bore the Ranger and Special Forces tabs .
tr	9	I feel dreadfully sorry for abusing your confidences . "
tr	6	" There , " she pointed at a tall cabinet on the interior wall .
tr	7	Gavin looked at Sarah with surprise and then turned to his Dad .
tr	7	A large hole in the ground served as the entry point , but their ambush clearly ended poorly for them .
tr	6	Some gray in it , maybe a bit more than the last time she 'd been by .
tr	10	Simon made sure he had not killed him .
tr	6	The cousins watched the next episodes from the Bible with downcast eyes .
tr	8	" You 've killed hundreds of my people in cold blood . "
tr	10	I didn 't appear to have even cracked .
tr	7	" OK , everyone stays five feet behind me , no exceptions !
tr	10	She reached them just as the man dropped down and gave his daughter a quick hug .
tr	5	" Wait , " said Michael " Please , Ash , wait . "
tr	5	" By the way , you fought a good fight out there . "
tr	7	The last time I was at Burghley it was for the Horse Trials .
tr	8	He has a nasty gouge on his head , just above the right eye and it is bleeding badly .
tr	10	" Well ... isn 't it going to change everything ? "
tr	10	The Sphinx have given us a thousand of their best warriors and they requested to be directly under your command .
tr	7	Heat pricked my skin , needles running up and down my arms .
tr	6	Chin high , back straight , she schooled her face to stillness .
tr	9	I wanted to rewind time , before my parents started arguing almost every night .
tr	7	If she didn 't scream .
tr	10	" I believe I shall tell my father so , it might encourage him to give me a little peace .
tr	9	After a few moments , she said " You understand how I feel , at least ? "
tr	7	She wheeled her horse around , and launched herself up the mountain side .
tr	9	Who knows what 's next .
tr	7	With a quick glance at the time , she scanned more quickly through the remaining pages .
tr	10	" I thought you hated leaving your job ?
tr	5	Kurt and I are -- were -- lovers .
tr	6	A small creature , white and brown , covered in a brown fuzz .
tr	8	" With you there sir , I 've already had a chat with Mudd .
tr	10	" Well I 'm not sure that 's tasteful , " said Ken Goodspeed .
tr	9	" I thought I saw something move , just a little bit ahead there . "
tr	7	You get the rope and things , and I 'll get the food .
tr	8	Gray took a sip of his coffee before setting the mug down .
tr	7	She scanned the sign again and saw the welcome words ' coffee shop ' .
tr	7	During our stay in the city , we had seen quite a few patrols to that effect .
tr	6	Pulling out his sword , he hacked away some ice and let his horse drink .
tr	10	How could it be possible that you dolts didn 't see or hear anything ? "
tr	8	" Speaking of draining , I got to piss . "
tr	11	Mr. Harrison will be in command of the ship in our absence .
tr	10	You couldn 't tell but under my mask I was smiling -- evil smile but smile none the less .
tr	9	The Prince smiled at the big man 's joke , feeling a true touch of affection for him .
tr	11	I figured the next round would either hit or straddle us , within seconds , we might all be dead .
tr	11	" Looks like we 're ready to start . "
tr	6	" I 'm not hungry , " Anna told him defiantly .
tr	6	Better yet , why don 't you walk behind us for a bit -- like FAR behind . "
tr	7	He pulled out two extra flashlights and handed one each to Alex and Christy .
tr	7	When Julia 's marriage fell apart , the rock-hard foundations of her life had dissolved suddenly into quicksand .
tr	10	Natalie wanted to hear what their friend knew .
tr	7	The frame around the smaller living room window in front gave way and broke into pieces on the ground .
tr	7	Marie smiled and crinkled her face up with tiny lines .
tr	6	" How romantic , " she adds with a dazed smile .
tr	6	" Traveller , can we really win this war ? "
tr	10	Rift asks , failing to mask his nervousness .
tr	10	I opened the envelope , being very curious and started to read it : " My dear Abby .
tr	10	Mai calls , spotting the vulnerable joint of the assailant 's elbow .
tr	7	" I know you do . "
tr	8	There was not a hint of worry or jealousy in her voice and her eyes spoke only of love and care .
tr	9	" We have to think of something else . "
tr	8	Being connected to the Network was a funded government service .
tr	10	' See , even the cat 's laughing at him . '
tr	5	' Hey , by the way , my mom 's a drug dealer . '
tr	9	Describe how to put together .
tr	6	" What ho , yourself , holy man , " Hai Hai said irritably .
tr	5	Without her usual cosmetics , the blonde looked startlingly young and delicate .
tr	9	I grasped the edge and flung myself under the top lip and into the tube beyond .
tr	8	" We 'll be as quiet as we can .
tr	7	The Brother 's lip twitched with displeasure , but he halted .
tr	5	Also By This Author Alan Hardy Alan Hardy : I 'm a Brit .
tr	6	Your brother 's stories didn 't do you justice .
tr	9	Iron stakes had been inserted into every other stair , and a rope ran through holes on top of the stakes .
tr	11	The Heavens devised a way to categorize us according to species . "
tr	7	Stick your head in it and the haze will pass much sooner . "
tr	7	Winter winds blew the snow off of the frozen surface and left little traction for them .
tr	10	It was just a dream , none of it real , he thought bitterly to himself .
tr	7	If it was good enough then , it 's good enough now . "
tr	5	" Dr. Dorn also killed four other people that night . "
tr	5	" Cozy and warm , and feeling very lightheaded .
tr	9	For ten long minutes nothing happened , except the noise got louder and louder .
tr	10	Entering the lounge Danny announced , ' Right , I 've rang work sick . '
tr	7	The room gave a lurch , and the sounds of men and horses filtered through the walls .
tr	5	Despite all his faults , Jake was a bright kid .
tr	9	Nancy said , " Maybe if you sat up , Colonel ? "
tr	10	I am still pretending to be a tramp but tramps don 't usually live in the forest .
tr	9	My son will confront them then , with the entire tribe to witness .
tr	8	A menu appeared with options of record and playback .
tr	9	Nathan had always been a dog person and studied how they socialized .
tr	6	Our footage has no sex , no violence , no drugs or even rock ' n ' roll .
tr	9	This time the wheel moved grudgingly at first and then gradually became easier until the wheel spun in his hands .
tr	7	Standing next to her was the dark silhouette of their target .
tr	8	" Damian is not ... " " Why aren 't you telling me the truth ? "
tr	10	" The shot did nothing the scream hadn 't already accomplished , " said Eva .
tr	7	As a farming community , the plants and vegetation were a lifeline to the village .
tr	11	It was the happiest he 'd seen her in years .
tr	9	He called it a resonant state that unifies mind , body and spirit .
tr	11	" I don 't know whether it will do the job or not , " quoth she .
tr	7	Without help , it would 've been a nightmare .
tr	6	And there beyond them is my sister 's eldest son ! "
tr	11	Thick thorn covered vines erupted from the ground to entangle and restrict their fiendish foes .
tr	10	Josie hoped they weren 't talking to her .
tr	6	Scanning the brochure , she said , " They mostly raised potatoes , but some other vegetables as well .
tr	6	Ah yes , the memories came flooding back : his childhood , his home , his girlfriend , his dog .
tr	10	snarled the girl , having caught sight of the black markings under his tunic .
tr	9	' Where in the bible is it written that smoking and drinking are such a sin ?
tr	11	Do you think Abe killed Claudia ? '
tr	8	But part of her well caved in and she can 't repair it on her own .
tr	8	I look forward to hearing about the successful accomplishment of your mission . "
tr	7	Only after lunch did Edward drag a fatigued Bedford van from behind stable doors .
tr	7	" Coming , " Daniel and Tori said and ran to the parking lot with their bags .
tr	8	She 's really going to ask !
tr	7	Chapter 2 Arriving in Cuenca , Batangas , I immediately checked into the same lodgings as my brother did .
tr	11	Hopefully , before he left it would be the coolest hover car he ever drove .
tr	7	lot easier when she 's here !
tr	11	I knew what " metastasized " meant when I was six .
tr	11	A girl like me is raised to be .
tr	8	An older woman screams , choked with emotion .
tr	8	The young woman were calling for her name and asking for her forgiveness .
tr	8	The third is a cargo transfer craft with an open plan cargo area , " Ryan replied .
tr	10	He saw it coming before she did and broke off the kiss .
tr	9	A glittering being was staring at her from the ground with its conversing eyes .
tr	9	God help me if I just sit here and watch without doing something .
tr	10	' Victor and I are intending to drop in for a visit . '
tr	11	Or you might want to use ze Spear on me . "
tr	8	Wake me when you feel the need . "
tr	8	A dream for one can be a dream for all . "
tr	9	Or all of it that can be seen .
tr	7	Sarah reached up on tiptoe and kissed him .
tr	10	" You work for the same agency as your -- " " Worked , " he corrected .
tr	6	I placed my hands on her shoulders .
tr	10	Anna moved swiftly from one complicated apparatus to another , her fingers gliding confidently over keypads and dials .
tr	6	" Yes , this is a firearm , " she informed her husband .
tr	5	" Ted - " " Just listen , " he said gently .
tr	8	She landed like a gymnast , her arms outstretched in front of her .
tr	8	" Someone to see , " he said , straightening and looking at Neil meaningfully .
tr	7	Although it was never a massive organization , it far outgrew the band 's original logistics .
tr	8	Nathan 's instinct told him there was something here .
tr	10	Tell the others to start moving up .
tr	10	It 's hard to even see him , he 's so busy .
tr	9	" You 're confusing me with that comedian , Al Frankly , " Bloor said darkly .
tr	7	It was not to be .
tr	9	Only the sound of his own labored breathing breaking the silence .
tr	10	He had been compared to Mike his whole life .
tr	11	The sun streamed through the high windows and the birds could be heard singing outside cheerfully .
tr	9	I asked , " She been hitting on you . "
tr	5	" All right , mystery girl , break my heart . "
tr	7	Get the casualties together and we 'll fly them all out .
tr	7	' You 've known my uncle for long ? '
tr	8	Maybe he 'd been in the military or some other government service ?
tr	7	" He might need me , " John said , pushing his plate away .
tr	7	Her stomach gave a little flutter at the thought , he 'd already been away too long .
tr	9	asked Maggie as she left the hangar with VIN and Penny .
tr	9	Although , Silvio considered Nicola one of his closest friends , he never asked any personal questions .
tr	8	Even in the gravity of the situation Noah noticed the admiration in Mariposa 's voice .
tr	7	" What ever reason it stands to , Pete , it 's not the one you 're talking about . "
tr	9	The music was so loud that he could not hear his own voice .
tr	7	He had a firm hand grip and smelled faintly of menthol .
tr	10	Not before you teach me how to swim , to ride , to dance , to fly and to love .
tr	10	" Lucy is the one who cut her hair , " said Lindsay .
tr	7	' What the - ' Pushing the others aside , Meatball hurled his full weight against the wall .
tr	7	I really can 't tell you much more .
tr	7	Tears sprang to her eyes but she forced them back .
tr	7	She touched down lightly on the runway and taxied the C-5 to its usual place on the apron .
tr	8	interrupted Candice looking intently at her son .
tr	11	He believed that White Eagle had no limitations as we little birds have .
tr	6	The dark wood floors matched the chairs , and the exposed brick wall gave the place a warm feeling .
tr	7	Douglas , you 're included in this as well .
tr	7	Slink smiled and nodded , he looked part of the meeting in his black suit and crisp white shirt .
tr	10	The cops had set up a roadblock -- I guess in case all my minions came to my rescue .
tr	6	A set of four narrow stairs led up to the glossy black front door .
tr	5	" Well , Connie , your information was very good .
tr	10	David asked , leaning eagerly over the table toward Mike .
tr	9	Keep it unless you absolutely need it , " he suggested .
tr	11	He resolved to figure out how it could happen .
tr	9	They caught up to Shock as he was changing magazines .
tr	8	Snapping to attention , Rift 's eyes dart about his surroundings , but he is alone in the large room .
tr	9	He even had a girlfriend once , if you can believe it .
tr	7	The Imam looked at Ali with concerned distaste and put a hand on his shoulder .
tr	8	It seemed futile however , as the engines were heavily armoured .
tr	5	His second professional match ever , in his hometown , against Oscar Esquivel , with his whole world watching .
tr	10	Alfred learned of her return and hounded her to meet with him at NET corporate .
tr	7	He was not one for wild goose chases .
tr	7	Instead of hair , long tendrils , also of stone , hung from its scalp .
tr	7	Exhausted , the men fell down and slept in shifts during this time .
tr	9	He then poured each a glass of juice , and sat down to join them .
tr	9	Look at what you are doing .
tr	9	The hunting party was armed for any game that they might encounter .
tr	9	It was obvious she was trapped .
tr	5	You 're a grown woman then , huh ?
tr	6	She related their next courtship milestone , the couch and the DVD collection .
tr	6	" A commoner or a countess , " the Warden said , " I speak the same . "
tr	8	She was here in a tent somewhere , captured by some really dangerous guys .
tr	9	We 're aiming for Top of the Pops .
tr	8	" For now we have more pressing matters to contend with . "
tr	5	Chapter 6 This creature was a huge , muscular plains animal .
tr	6	The front doors opened , and a large oddly shaped flat box came out , hesitantly .
tr	8	She says we 're sisters . "
tr	9	Looking at it she immediately took the spiritual position of a Guru Muda of the Silat .
tr	7	" We got bigger problems , Nancy , " said Duke .
tr	7	" A couple of weeks ago , my team and I tracked a shapeshifter here to Arizona . "
tr	8	John began to saw through the hemp rope when they heard footsteps outside .
tr	9	" It 's a trap , " Valerie replies simply , while jumping back into the command chair .
tr	6	There was a terrible silence and then another enormous footfall further down the street .
tr	5	I need your help now .
tr	5	On the patio , behind the old man 's chair was a large potted bush .
tr	8	" Rise , " he commands , eclipsing her in shadow beneath his massive frame .
tr	9	" Hey , Trin , it looks like it is getting dark already .
tr	11	I wondered if Rudolph knew his cousin was suicidal .
tr	9	After all , we don 't know where we 're going . "
tr	11	Taylor asked David , who had caught up with them .
tr	9	" Far enough that you 'll never catch her ! "
tr	5	" You and I , yes , " Pella corrected himself .
tr	6	This wasn 't the usual " girl meets friend , friends go to mall " story .
tr	8	" I hope it 's good news ? "
tr	7	I know this , and I 'm going anyway .
tr	5	Jacob Douglas , the American , sent me a lopsided grin .
tr	10	Tell her she can 't have fun just cus I got bad knees ?
tr	11	Let me do what I need to . "
tr	6	His mother would love her dearly .
tr	11	I must have left the gate unlocked again and Mr. Hoover 's in the yard ! "
tr	11	The scene reminded him of churning waves at the bottom of a waterfall .
tr	10	When you were going to touch me ?
tr	7	He grabbed the skirt and she could hear the material rip .
tr	9	Together though , the Prince realized , the Exiles would be next to unbeatable .
tr	9	Are you ready for this ? "
tr	9	Do not think that I treat the thing lightly .
tr	9	Wanted to feast on it .
tr	7	When I had finished , I stood for a moment , then said .
tr	7	" General , I 'm not quite sure I understand . "
tr	10	" If you can afford 2 hundred bucks per semester , " Tori said .
tr	10	I can hardly catch his scent even when I 'm only five feet away .
tr	8	His gaze shifted and he stared at me with a carefully neutral expression .
tr	8	" About the party , " Lilly Ann gave up just enough to bait the trap .
tr	9	People who made it to the camps died either of diseases such as Ebola or starved .
tr	5	Will dispatch EMT and notify Patrol and Operations . '
tr	11	I want to find out what they 're hiding .
tr	8	He stopped walking then , growing silent .
tr	11	It was only Finan who saw how badly her hands shook .
tr	7	With each painful minute , I pictured Malcolm , running , falling , getting shot .
tr	6	Besides that divergent tribute , the rest of the décor was of the traditional orient .
tr	11	They had been out the night before in Hereford , a nice meal and a few drinks in the Green Dragon .
tr	7	John looked at her and nodded .
tr	9	Lilly Grace 's smile radiated throughout her body , " What a wonderful and boundary stretching question .
tr	7	Logan answered before I could .
tr	9	If this was one of those moments she wanted to be awake .
tr	6	David and John played cards by the fireplace .
tr	9	Karen looked out each window with the boys and waited for a few minutes for everyone to settle down .
tr	6	Here he was , in the lair of a Seeker .
tr	9	His thoughts were interrupted by the approach of someone from behind him .
tr	7	A fat lady walked in ; very nice , despite her four chins and bloated ankles .
tr	6	Taylor swung his legs out into the morning chill .
tr	11	I haven 't discovered anything you 're scared of .
tr	8	" Sure it doesn 't look like foul play , just bad luck .
tr	11	She concentrated her thoughts and decided she 'd rather yield than leave her suffering .
tr	6	Epilogue In Paris , on Midwinter Night , Yves de la Croix strode through sleet and darkness to his tiny house .
tr	6	The sea was steady and peaceful , the night air was cool and crisp .
tr	8	I will never forget the madness of that night .
tr	8	At about nine at night the twenty five men lead by Benjamin stormed the Charles II taking it by siege .
tr	7	The little boy was intent upon his task and did not look up .
tr	9	Edie May looked at Lilly Ann with a smile and then at Taylor .
tr	10	It matches the tattoo on the boyfriends hand or Ronan Flaherty if that 's who he is . "
tr	11	It seems to have all worked out for the best . "
tr	7	But a strange thing happened when the final beam fell .
tr	11	Ted knew that he had become soft and now he was going to pay for it .
tr	11	After a long eventful day it did not take the boys long to get to sleep .
tr	9	She walked to the door and opened it to reveal a small staircase .
tr	10	I can see up to 1000 meters with these things , so that was plenty close enough . "
tr	10	I nodded , knowing he was right .
tr	11	They 're going to start spreading money around .
tr	9	The assassin struck at her again , and again she managed to parry the attack .
tr	9	I 've slept on the ground under cars , in ditches , inside of culvert pipes .
tr	8	" Abby , what did I told you ?
tr	11	I 'm surprised he has not arrived by now .
tr	6	It was just a short walk to the gym .
tr	9	It spun , flipped over twice and crashed into the safety guard with a harsh shriek of metal tearing against metal .
tr	11	She liked that her people looked up to her , but also that they feared her .
tr	8	This would certainly be more tolerable -- as long as the good weather held .
tr	7	" Now there are no more men in your unit .
tr	9	She sighed and the noise cut through thrumming rain and Disney 's finest .
tr	5	" Very well , " Ransom answered , and the journey began .
tr	10	She panicked and tried to lean forward but couldn 't break away .
tr	6	My mother saw it too , her eyes on me and her tears thickening .
tr	8	" Go on back to Toby then , I 'll take care of this .
tr	9	" Come here , Kaylie , what is it ? "
tr	5	" At my age , my dietary requirements preclude such things , unfortunately .
tr	11	I poked my finger into the melting chocolate , which I 'd normally be devouring .
tr	9	There would only be two pilots in the cockpit this time , equalizing the weight .
tr	9	" I 'm amazed it 's still here . "
tr	11	He turned and strode through the door toward a slight man clad in Russian fatigues .
tr	11	I thought he was going to die . "
tr	9	He had to go after her .
tr	8	" What in the name of shadows and light is the Stand ? "
tr	5	In the steel box there was a head .
tr	11	She was dead by the time I got her here . '
tr	5	" Not a clue , " Miranda said , and Amelia agreed .
tr	11	She says you make her feel quite maternal . "
tr	10	" She said she 's still looking for something .
tr	6	He addressed Noah 's mother .
tr	9	There was a deadbolt mounted in the door and it was locked .
tr	7	" If that is what you wish . "
tr	6	" All seems in order .
tr	6	" Ev is a tough lady , " he said , " smart , quick , and loyal .
tr	10	Do you suspect something different ? "
tr	10	The guards formed a cordon , with my friends and I closest to Phillip , and we walked into the mob .
tr	6	" And each night she bolts her bedroom door , " trilled the nightingale , " against her own brother .
tr	6	" I disagree , " one of the mages said , her eyes almost golden , her hair an apple red .
tr	6	But believe me , laddie , ' tis more than that .
tr	9	I hoped it would get better .
tr	5	About our families and the age-old battle .
tr	5	We 're not sure why .
tr	5	Not only abnormally tall and wide , the book was several inches thick .
tr	6	" It 's all taken care of . "
tr	8	Her mind was racing through the implications , both near-term and long .
tr	11	" If you escape then this business will be at an end , you will deserve the reprieve .
tr	9	" I 'm here to pick up a Colonel Sinclair , " said VIN at the gate .
tr	5	" Finan , you did not surely ? "
tr	10	So , what 's going to happen next ? "
tr	5	" A few new ones and a few old ones , " Olivia replied dryly .
tr	7	Abby spoke up , " These are not natural caves .
tr	10	He frowned when he saw Hank lying there .
tr	8	" Then you wish our betrothal to proceed ? "
tr	5	" My shoulder hurts , " she said hoarsely .
tr	9	" Two vans coming from the other direction . "
tr	10	It 's just a drawing , and Ryan 's not in there sleeping deep like Arthur .
tr	11	He dreamed the foundations of the earth had been shaken by a dark magic .
tr	6	Halfway down the middle aisle , Anatole stopped and stared into the gloom .
tr	9	" We managed to cross the pass without anyone noticing ! "
tr	11	One warrior in desperation rushed at her , lifting a dagger , only to fall before she could strike .
tr	8	They were being supported by loftier powers !
tr	11	Her surprised eyes were even bigger than they usually were .
tr	9	My mouth went dry and I struggled to find the right words .
tr	5	Your grandmother and I , just the way she taught me .
tr	8	I don 't know about Spade yet , she tries to be all mysterious and secretive .
tr	11	After he straightened he saw the man with the rifle pointed at him with his finger white on the trigger .
tr	9	So tell me , what 's up ? "
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	7	" I think he knows . "
tr	10	She dumped a full bag of coffee into the filter unit , leaning over to sniff the rich earthy scent .
tr	8	I 'll go start the car ... " Nothing I said would 've changed her mind .
tr	11	Bethany and David moved up to Nathan as he crouched near the edge of the road .
tr	6	Werewolves , witches , warlocks , ghouls and gargoyles gained an upper hand on occasion for a short time .
tr	8	" Seems to be yes .
tr	7	" Not yet , we 're going up not down , " he told himself .
tr	7	Captain Flaherty dialed in the brigade frequency inside the DEMON 's armored personnel housing .
tr	10	The nacelles began to rotate slightly , one forward and one backwards .
tr	8	Moments later , I paused at the entrance of a side passage .
tr	10	" A document from this building listed three reasons for the failure of my father 's mission and his eventual death .
tr	10	' Tense atmosphere , what 's going on ? '
tr	11	" You are the one that made sure that Pedro escaped .
tr	11	" Do you think there are any guards down there ? "
tr	8	" Dr. Colbert , " he began after saluting Liam .
tr	11	I 'll let you know when they pop back up .
tr	9	" This should do you until we find more .270 .
tr	7	' Ooh , big hug , ' Amy said interrupting and joining their moment .
tr	8	These pictures were the only reminders of his family that Ted had left .
tr	8	" I see , well , thanks , " I replied .
tr	10	They made the woodlands after the sun had hidden behind the western ridge .
tr	7	The trail headed north and they half walked , half ran in a pulsating rhythm .
tr	7	The people on the food court had seen enough .
tr	7	She opened her eyes and fixed me with a green stare .
tr	9	Strangely the sky was turning from a normal blue to a sunset of greens .
tr	7	In just a few short days her heart was pulling toward the rogue .
tr	11	Until we have time to pass this message along , we 'll protect you .
tr	10	She hoped the noise wouldn 't keep her awake .
tr	9	It lashes out , and I strain against the cuffs , groaning and writhing on the bed .
tr	11	Ben couldn 't control himself and said out loud : " Does that mean we 're imprisoned ? "
tr	9	But it has to do with you , too . "
tr	9	Valerie suddenly grabs the console while the deck shifts beneath her feet .
tr	8	Someone had to find her .
tr	11	I thought I had to be strong .
tr	11	Do you know what I mean ? "
tr	11	Emer hissed , afraid they would get in trouble .
tr	11	Do I have to cuff you so you 're not tempted ?
tr	9	Logan and I spent many a night drinking coffee and chatting wildly into the wee hours .
tr	8	There were big pockets on the sides and she reached her fingers into them .
tr	11	Ryan with his arms folded over his chest looking so unnatural while his family limps by , oh god .
tr	8	All we could muster were a few sporadic soft kicks or light hand slaps .
tr	6	Next morning I sent for Herb .
tr	10	She reached out and pulled him to rest his head against her shoulder .
tr	9	He looked critically at the harness and then removed it and stood up .
tr	7	My hand reaches toward him , glowing bright .
tr	5	His heart , his disease weakened heart , beat rapidly .
tr	8	Just to make yourself depressed ? "
tr	10	" I thought I might as well go and feed some ducks , " Andy lied smoothly .
tr	5	" Three feet , 2.5 ... 2 feet ... 1 foot .
tr	11	Under the circumstances we have no option but to treat the house and associated buildings as a crime scene .
tr	7	Alita jumped on , up and over the couch right to me .
tr	6	The man was fast , very fast , just not fast enough .
tr	6	" Be quiet , " someone whispered to him from a few feet to his right .
tr	8	" Oh now this is getting ridiculous , " Steve grumbled and strode to one of the open garbage barrels .
tr	10	It seemed that there was no end in sight .
tr	6	" What about the code words your report mentioned ? "
tr	7	Please take the tram to the administration wing and I will meet you there . "
tr	9	" We had a project due today and you worked in pairs , " she said .
tr	11	She had never thought she would die like this .
tr	10	They must be complete to save us .
tr	7	" Yes child , I have news , but it is not good news , I am afraid . "
tr	7	I lowered his limp hand to the sheet and slowly closed his staring eyes .
tr	9	And then the young man 's red eyes fixed on the Prince 's black ones .
tr	10	As I continued to stand , the world pressing down on me , my friend looped his arms under my shoulders .
tr	6	" They are my cousins , Mr. Herbert Fitzwilliam , his wife , daughter , and son .
tr	10	But we have found at least one bowl , which is particularly exciting .
tr	7	The touch of the gods did not feel so warm this time , or maybe the chill was in her heart .
tr	7	" Took everything but left the animals to wander .
tr	10	" Where do you think we 're taking you ? "
tr	11	He closed his eyes endeavouring to fathom the situation when ... Bump !
tr	9	The system was busy chewing through the emails .
tr	6	Pablo was short and chubby , he had black hair , a ridiculously huge mustache and brown eyes .
tr	7	Trudy , Phillip and George are right over ... " " Not them . "
tr	11	When he reached her , he pulled the rope , indicating that they could pull them up .
tr	7	Pulling into the ' short stay ' she parked close to her rental Fiesta .
tr	10	" Man , how come your French toast smells so much better than mine ? "
tr	9	The Spaniard 's short , bulky frame concealed his strength and speed , both with weapons and his fists .
tr	9	" I 'm supposed to meet Danny . "
tr	6	Nothing more important than family .
tr	5	Not a bad thing , but not always the best .
tr	11	" I was in a place I couldn 't escape from .
tr	11	~ ~ ~ Chapter 38 Jungle phone George , Jen and Robbie relaxed in the drawing room of the old house .
tr	7	So Trudy typed in ' Industrial Products ' and , voila , we were in business .
tr	10	They kissed briefly before falling into bed early themselves .
tr	9	I think I can control them .
tr	11	The free men and women of the Empire think they are actually in control of their lives . "
tr	8	' I 'm glad you asked .
tr	7	Last words had been spoken , last tender gestures exchanged .
tr	7	I crawled over to him and gently placed a trembling hand over his quivering arm .
tr	6	Out on the lake Lonnie and Ricky were having second thoughts .
tr	11	He reveled in their admiration as they learned lessons usually reserved for field agents .
tr	10	First , they found out how to get to Peter .
tr	9	I drape myself across a wide branch above him and watch his energy slow and dampen also .
tr	11	You know , he has an incredible ability to focus , which is an advantage over other kids his age .
tr	7	" Those guys were terrified of you . "
tr	7	He greeted the next person in line , and settled in for a long day .
tr	10	Neil ran his hand over one and could not distinguish where they ended and the rock began .
tr	9	Her mother had been in there for a couple of months as she slowly deteriorated .
tr	6	I added a banana to her supper last night . "
tr	8	Woodpecker was called to investigate .
tr	11	Now to see if anyone is here .
tr	10	" Why didn 't you tell Andre you spoke English ? "
tr	7	She looked in the mirror , as usual , but this time she saw something weird in it .
tr	7	It was almost as brazen as his own scheme .
tr	8	We found the largest group of Bastian Hunters at the top of the rise .
tr	5	With obvious weariness , he prepared the last three jars .
tr	6	" Surely your lady mother isn 't such unbearable company , " Liam deadpanned .
tr	8	They had tried to hide .
tr	6	What had I been thinking ?
tr	8	You three can release the prawn and the starfish , and I 'll pack up the picnic basket . "
tr	11	He looked to his right to check on Zoe .
tr	10	" I have a task for the three of you -- this evacuation must be covered .
tr	9	" Can I give you a hand with whatever you 're doing ? "
tr	8	They 're knocked out by some Romanian outfit in Constanta , I believe .
tr	9	He waited until his eyes adjusted to the dark .
tr	5	" Mrs. Streeter , Mr. President , " the reporter corrected .
tr	11	Carey would have liked to watch him work .
tr	6	What were they doing here ?
tr	6	Now be a good girl , go home and do your taxes or something .
tr	5	So you 're not all sunshine and smiles , eh , Pol ? "
tr	7	The thruster team came into the hold and attached their units .
tr	10	I took the time to shoplift those hats and you are going to wear yours . "
tr	8	" Mr. Richmond , I don 't believe Congress will take your answer lightly .
tr	8	Even with one of their hands encumbered , she could not break free .
tr	11	They were already in line to order when he hung up .
tr	8	Alejo scooted closer and slung an arm around her shoulder .
tr	7	But take a look at this , " Johnny said and led the man into the vault .
tr	8	A few moments later they emerged into the still twilight of the treeless plain .
tr	7	Tommy 's voice rises as he says , " From our computer here in the office , Sir . "
tr	10	He walked up to the side of Jimmy 's truck and got in on the driver 's side .
tr	5	No more worries , no more fear , no more aching loneliness .
tr	5	Hispanic male , sorta wild hair , red cap , dirty white tee , black pants and boots .
tr	10	" They don 't know what 's going on .
tr	10	The attack on Tern Hill had been relegated to the third page in The Times .
tr	9	Did she say who ? "
tr	5	" Melinda Rowe , the Court florist , " my mother explained .
tr	8	Several long moments passed with no firing and Cake asked , " What the fuck is he waiting for ? "
tr	7	I closed down the computers , rose and dragged Reid off the chair .
tr	11	She was more surprised than hurt as Jeff helped her to her feet .
tr	8	Maria asked , standing up from her chair .
tr	6	He glanced over his notes .
tr	10	Conway had to admire the cleverness of the move .
tr	8	It must be due to his wonderful parenting !
tr	8	Immediately afterwards the bodyguard ran off to the other side of the room with a huge smile on his face .
tr	11	He nodded , afraid to try himself , despite the earlier shout .
tr	8	Literally a few minutes later Natalie and Sophia found themselves hugging their two boys in the space ship .
tr	7	" None of the crew can swim , Mr. Greene , " Crabtree said dejectedly .
tr	7	" There is one thing more , " Yousef says , his broad face looking even more nervous .
tr	10	He was sure that they would be back within the year .
tr	10	" You 're not going to do that , " Dawkins said .
tr	6	' Good rhythm , ' he said , ' but the words need some work . '
tr	6	" The glass is always half full , " said William .
tr	7	You could have permanently killed the technology as well . "
tr	10	< Time Warp > The twenty-first century with its vast technological and scientific advancements was just about to be called history .
tr	11	Afterwards , I curl up on the sidewalk , rocking back and forth and shuddering with the need to keep feeding .
tr	5	" Always lies and that big smile .
tr	8	" Papa will be so proud , " she whispered and he grinned with delight .
tr	6	When he left , she let out her breath .
tr	9	Chapter 2 Scott Lyndon rolled over and punched his pillow then buried his head in it .
tr	7	What was done was done .
tr	10	He turned to the man peering through binoculars next to him .
tr	8	The Abbess brushed her aside with a bluster of false impatience .
tr	11	He watched him as he rubbed his shoulder like it still hurt him .
tr	6	I saw none and within moments I reached the water .
tr	5	' Your father and mother , ' Carey corrected her cheerfully .
tr	10	I 'd had similar debates with Benton , but there was something about her brashness that irked me .
tr	7	The IG One Twelve Brigade is already entrenched along the border .
tr	11	" What I will about to tell you , will be our little secret , ok ? "
tr	6	" I know , I know , " Rift nods , clearly nervous .
tr	9	He looked at the drawings that Tom presented to him .
tr	8	" The pleasure would be ours , dear fellow . "
tr	7	Watching Marcy quickly move toward the square , Queen Zelda drifts past a house into a back alley .
tr	9	I 'm glad you do too . "
tr	9	I could have crushed that upstart caster in an instant ! "
tr	11	I 'm very sorry for screaming , and for throwing a croquet ball at you , Uncle Virgil . "
tr	10	" Please , Roberto , I know I am at fault , but listen .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " said his father-in-law , beside him , with a broad red face .
tr	11	" I thought I was going to die . "
tr	7	Sarah dismounted and handed the reins to Seamus .
tr	10	" Vivien ... neither Kate or I have seen or heard from you in over 20 years .
tr	10	He was crumpled on the floor , gripping the bloody gash on his arm .
tr	9	Squat if we have to .
tr	6	Foal 's elated yapping echoed up towards Beth along the grey , triangular corridor .
tr	7	This intrigued her , so she stuck her head out of the door .
tr	9	He squinted as his eyes adjusted to the glare .
tr	9	Everyone in the room snaps to attention : arms slapping to sides , feet stomping together in unison .
tr	11	Adam says raising a hand to calm him .
tr	8	She began to plan trips to the country for Barbara and Simon .
tr	8	The barrier disappeared and Sofia took a gripped on the princess ' hand .
tr	5	" Oh , you are such a fun sucker . "
tr	6	" I 'm so sorry , " I whisper into her ear .
tr	9	George continued his conversation for another few minutes , most of it business .
tr	8	Nathan smiled in spite of his annoyance .
tr	7	Kurt put the cap back on the pen and pushed the paper across the counter .
tr	9	Chapter 16 : Two guards stood silently in front of the double doors to Billy 's suite .
tr	10	Which she was going to ignore .
tr	9	No , even I do not know where she is ... The dissonance conceals her presence from me .
tr	7	This story follows the " child timeline " of the games .
tr	9	I stepped forward , taking the ceremonial place of a second .
tr	8	We have to split up .
tr	9	And why they were talking about my mother .
tr	11	Let me know when it is over . "
tr	8	He thought , rubbing his fingers against his palm .
tr	10	A subtle nod confirms his understanding before he downs the glass in a couple quick gulps .
tr	6	" No , but please don 't publish it anywhere .
tr	9	My eyes narrowed : I had just noticed the door in the rear wall .
tr	11	" You need to start loading up on the carbs girl ! "
tr	8	He ran his hands over the stones and through the snow until he found it .
tr	6	" Get them off , get them off , get them off ! "
tr	11	I was told that Airbus has the same sterilization systems for their intricate work areas . "
tr	8	He turned to the other two and greeted them just as warmly and invited them to all sit .
tr	10	The band had gone ahead to set up and she looked forward to seeing Danny .
tr	6	Footsteps and voices filtered through the upper deck .
tr	8	He and Taylor grabbed opposite ends of the propeller and slowly pulled the airplane out into the open .
tr	6	Love , deep and abiding , suddenly radiated from the Marat girl like heat from a stove .
tr	8	He entered into a tastefully furnished entrance hallway with a distinct oriental feel to it .
tr	8	The look on her face caused Nathan to laugh and she laughed quietly too .
tr	6	Outside , lightning flashed and thunder rolled through the ducal wood .
tr	10	... Well , if you 'd be so kind , I will tell you exactly how I did it .
tr	7	I 'm so damn tired of my own tears .
tr	11	Lord only knows what it is I do these days ?
tr	10	A single lamp hangs from the ceiling , the flickering fire emitting a purplish glow .
tr	10	The fact that they didn 't place my face in the paper isn 't proof of anything .
tr	9	Everyone else seemed too horrified to even speak .
tr	6	" Four French toasts , three strips of bacon , two fried eggs , and a partridge in a pear tree .
tr	8	He 'll tell you all about me now , and about our other friends .
tr	10	Just came to pick up the luggage I left here yesterday .
tr	10	The little cartoon fellow was dressed in a blue T-shirt himself announcing , ' John kisses good ! '
tr	10	" Humans are aggressive and so they assume that all people are aggressive or have that potential .
tr	8	It wasn 't the answer Archie wanted .
tr	7	Cletus and Pete , meanwhile , had come to a different conclusion .
tr	10	I thought to go the seaport , maybe this time I will catch him again there .
tr	9	Do you have lots ? "
tr	10	The soldiers had been ordered to prevent all marches .
tr	10	My son works in a village on the edge of the city . "
tr	6	But that town ages people , and he looked awful that day . '
tr	9	Arrogance was maybe a part of him that was intact down to his very bone .
tr	11	Bradley was surprised that his father was ordering them to bed .
tr	8	" More like teasing us , " Jessica more thoughtfully and correctly pointed out .
tr	10	I didn 't mean to spy on you .
tr	7	The smile on her face matched the smile in her picture I.D. And she waved it at us proudly .
tr	6	Too tall and too thin for dwarves , too large for gnomes , too short for elves .
tr	10	It was a large German Shepherd with a bullet proof vest strapped around its midsection .
tr	11	" Once Gavin and Aidan are in place , they should be able to take out at least a dozen .
tr	7	Five different people , five different traumatic reasons for a split personality to develop , for a mind to fracture .
tr	6	' Any chance Haus knew him from way back then ? '
tr	6	" A runner just reached me with news from topside .
tr	5	And yet , in her mind , it was the only choice .
tr	7	Barbara supplied , laughing again .
tr	9	I hope my village doesn 't lose power .
tr	10	He was going to die right here , right now .
tr	9	If I don 't face him sooner or later I 'm going to need a restraining order .
tr	11	He didn 't know what to think about that .
tr	5	" Brown , Jones , Smith , Rogers , Tilley , Young , " called the drill sergeant .
tr	5	Sykes was the only other man standing .
tr	10	As much time as they had spent together , she had no concept of him as a man .
tr	10	The castle was buried under one hundred feet of dirt so windows were definitely not an option .
tr	6	" There aren 't any more , " one of them whispered .
tr	7	She laughed suddenly , turned back to Bethany , and pressed down on her neck .
tr	8	When he found her missing he immediately set off in pursuit .
tr	11	It wasn 't natural , the things that old man could do with a Navy Colt or a Winchester .
tr	9	Ben said sincerely , tipping his cup in Alfred 's direction .
tr	10	" And after sleeping like the dead , I returned to find you two and reconnect with Minister Klein .
tr	9	" Just to be on the safe side , you should cover your hand with something . "
tr	7	In slightly less than four hours , they arrived tired , foot sore , blistered , and thirsty .
tr	9	He checked the engine instruments and the flight controls for one last time .
tr	10	She tried not to show how tired she was .
tr	9	" He 's a war horse , " answered Rafe , " one of several belonging to Lord Rafe .
tr	10	Why would I know how to stop the things ? "
tr	6	" You 're the big war hero , " he accused .
tr	7	" Keep still , I 've got this one , " he said , carefully aiming .
tr	11	He needn 't have worried cruising through the chorus and into the second verse .
tr	5	" Like a fucking ball and chain , " Shane muttered , and sighed .
tr	7	He will find us in his own time . "
tr	11	Father said we are both to escort them ! '
tr	10	" How thoughtful of our king to promote you accordingly .
tr	7	As if there was a wall , he spun in mid air and shot back at me like a rocket .
tr	6	Growing up , Rachel and her brother Seth were almost always together , despite their two year age gap .
tr	8	It isn 't fair to everyone else , she thought wildly , and there are two of them !
tr	9	And this purple one I found in the doghouse , yesterday , " Ricky quickly pointed out his collection .
tr	6	I couldn 't do it .
tr	7	Mana was waiting for her outside the back door .
tr	10	Old Claw might have an idea how to unlock the script .
tr	7	Any decision you make must come from your hearts .
tr	10	No new word was there to greet him , but he had time , more he judged than did his prey .
tr	6	She has no influence there but her name is known and it might help .
tr	8	" Come to think of it , I do . "
tr	9	For once , I was grateful for the downpour : I did not want any evidence left of my recent demise .
tr	5	' No , ' he finally retorted dully .
tr	9	They 'll be singing songs about you .
tr	8	I don 't know how badly or anything but it doesn 't look good . "
tr	9	In spite of the danger the three combatants remained together , unwilling to give ground .
tr	9	You said that she got your number from Nellis ? "
tr	7	The Balkan states were once again torn asunder by ethnic conflict .
tr	9	Valiant put his cigar in one corner of his mouth and applauded .
tr	7	In a matter of seconds , all twelve were down , unconscious .
tr	8	There was blessings in that , he supposed , but nothing felt that way .
tr	7	she said playfully , knowing his habit well .
tr	11	She declares , shoving the boy back to the ground as she takes in the surroundings .
tr	7	" Sorry about this , Seamus , " David said .
tr	8	" If I 'd been there , I 'd have knifed her myself .
tr	11	Black Scorpion showed them a pile of driftwood that had dried for some time .
tr	7	He was snoring away , but his son James was on watch .
tr	8	Connor stood up from his chair and gently pressed his fists onto Michael 's desk .
tr	8	What am I thinking , how could I forget that !
tr	8	Jason turns and leaves , sealing the personnel door behind him .
tr	11	Had to see what was happening . "
tr	11	They are condemned because they don 't believe in Jesus Christ . "
tr	6	Now no one was in sight .
tr	6	Together : May the Lord be with you !
tr	8	I don 't know , she just seemed so into it , " Jon said by way of excuse .
tr	11	" I do not believe there is such a word in contemporary parlance . "
tr	7	I put them back in my purse and sighed , taking the envelope .
tr	7	But I wish it wasn 't . "
tr	10	Be good to see him there , ' Danny said .
tr	10	As the train approached the rough and tumble outskirts of London proper , his phone buzzed .
tr	9	Michael asked : " Do you think we 'll meet again sometime ? "
tr	7	Sweat formed on the boy 's forehead and upper lip .
tr	6	" That 's okay , " said Gideon , and then his face blurred before my eyes .
tr	9	Too much information about the future is dangerous and he sounds like a bit of a spoilt , rich prat . "
tr	8	If you cannot do this , you should stay here , on Calliope .
tr	5	" The dark forest temple , " Mai informs .
tr	10	" Of course that 's where I 'd seen him before !
tr	8	" Even my forefather warned us about that forest , " Raven whispered , clutching his fingers on his back .
tr	5	" Zach , there were children back there . "
tr	6	' Those are our cattle all right , ' Johnnie told the other men .
tr	8	" Fair warning ... she 's spitting bullets about our search ... can 't blame her I suppose .
tr	7	Finally , he stood up and offered a hand to Josie .
tr	5	" Come spring , we will , " Harald said .
tr	6	In about thirty minutes , thin Detective Brainerd brought a familiar shoe box into the bedroom at the manse .
tr	11	Helen entered first in a club located on an intersection of small paved roads .
tr	9	They remained distant , silent , yet clearly transmitted hostility across the intervening prairie .
tr	8	It was just the way he was .
tr	6	His gaze lingered on the rippling water .
tr	6	" Maybe they just want our insurance information , " Bobby suggested .
tr	10	Chapter 6 : Connor woke up as the sun shined into the small house .
tr	11	The problem was that Duke 's partners had an alarmingly brief lifespan once they became his partners .
tr	6	Dripping wet , she grabbed a towel on her way out the door .
tr	10	He could be executed just for saying it .
tr	6	" That was a long time ago , Colonel , " Jimmy said .
tr	8	She jumped off the fence rail and barely touched the wood on the old fence on her way down to Noah .
tr	8	" Something that I do not understand . "
tr	11	I thought I 'd already made that crystal clear but I shook my head .
tr	6	It 's purely a job description , and the commonest ones aren 't even visible .
tr	8	I moved quickly and deliberately , but with awkward lunges that continually held me off balance .
tr	7	Moments later the little girl took four decisive steps toward them and held out an open hand .
tr	5	~ ~ * ~ ~ The day was a long , long one .
tr	6	" Leah , " he whispered , his deep voice sounding funny , rough , tortured .
tr	8	" Hey Mike , this stuff showed up at the front gate with your name on it . "
tr	7	But then again , the worst part of anything , he 'd always found , was the waiting beforehand .
tr	11	The nervous chatter on the mess deck had centered around the recoil tearing an opening in the hull .
tr	7	He then jammed his knife into the man 's exposed armpit .
tr	7	" When they took Andre , they left the needle behind on the floor . "
tr	8	" We will show those boys how ' tis done .
tr	8	Both men had likely been vaporized by the enormous IED .
tr	5	" Spry for an old fellow , aren 't you ? "
tr	8	Chris glanced across the water and saw the high bluffs of the Rump moving swiftly past .
tr	11	" If that is how this will be settled , then return my sword and let me go . "
tr	11	Who 's to say they 're deserving ?
tr	11	" It 's easier said than done .
tr	6	Inside , there were no windows , but despite that it was not dark .
tr	6	Sami swallowed and his Adam 's apple grazed the abrasive stone .
tr	11	I tensed , my grip tightening on the handle of the blade , and turned a corner .
tr	7	" The Vault of Echoes has failed , its guarded secrets loosed upon the world .
tr	9	He pulls the blanket up over his shoulders as if this could possibly hide his energy .
tr	11	How odd to go from spring to summer to autumn and back to summer again .
tr	7	I can 't blame him , I really can 't .
tr	5	' All right , all right , fair enough , ' said the hidden speaker .
tr	7	He turned his attention elsewhere , surveyed his surroundings for the hundredth -- thousandth ?
tr	10	" What possessed you to take your hands off the handlebars anyway ?
tr	10	My dad had asked Jolie to be an informant and hand out clues ?
tr	9	However , not much chance of coming across those two quality broadsheets in a dive like this .
tr	8	What was he going to do ?
tr	8	It 's been such a long time since we last spoke .
tr	6	We look at each other .
tr	10	" What do you need to make this happen ? "
tr	5	" You just missed the Sixth Street exit . "
tr	5	" Good work , Helen , " Jack mumbled .
tr	8	Why wasn 't he bothered ?
tr	6	Disappointed , but unsurprised , Seven 's shrug spoke volumes to his own experiences .
tr	11	They were a madman 's words , and Ali hardly believed they were coming from his own mouth .
tr	6	Little electric shocks rushed up my spine and spread outward toward her .
tr	7	He scanned the waiting faces .
tr	5	" Ah , no , Seth Campbell , " she says solemnly .
tr	9	For a moment , he lay with his eyes closed and a smile on his face .
tr	11	" Hey ... we need information and I would say he 's in danger .
tr	10	He fell back on his butt , except he never let go of my bag .
tr	6	For a moment , I felt guilty at our betrayal .
tr	11	Their way of speaking has undergone thousands of years of evolution , independent of any human tongue .
tr	5	' All right , all right , I 'm coming . '
tr	5	Bows , arrows , spears , axes , shotguns , rifles , knives .
tr	9	" You have bad breath , " Noah said as Bump drooled over his head .
tr	8	Like the boss the sailors also understood that these were obviously no ordinary glasses .
tr	8	She shouted direction out the window , and we wound through the streets , seeking the monastery .
tr	9	There is nothing but fire , and pain , and death everywhere but her arms .
tr	6	A small part of me , however , a part I despised , desperately craved his approval .
tr	6	" I had my friends , especially Janice , and a boyfriend as well . "
tr	10	" They need to register as the Rojas family , " Alejo told her .
tr	5	Things are the snot bubbles .
tr	5	' In a minute , father , ' I waved him off .
tr	10	We 're not unbelievers who don 't follow his laws .
tr	11	Only when he had recovered a bit , did he realize that he was crying .
tr	9	That 's when the banging on the door stopped .
tr	7	Even at that early hour Saint Tropez smacked of wealth -- the men all rich and confident .
tr	8	Later , sitting in an alcove in the Dragon .
tr	6	But it doesn 't take away the threat .
tr	11	Riesling got the impression that something was wrong , something other than her mistaking him for a customer .
tr	6	But me , the social outcast and resident freak , Kiran wouldn 't leave the hell alone !
tr	10	he said , deciding to change tactics .
tr	11	There were nonstop reports of chaos and violence ; even military convoys were being ambushed for what little food they carried .
tr	8	' Good evening Water Rats , ' Danny called out as the intro music began its final ascension .
tr	8	Our lane was not wide , and passing carriages would 've had difficulties .
tr	8	It was running through our grandson 's veins all along ! '
tr	10	Reaching that now familiar door , I held it open for the group as Mercedes led the way through the halls .
tr	8	She glanced up through the window for the eighth time .
tr	10	" She seemed more controlled by her brother than an independent thinker .
tr	10	She sat down on a nearby bench , to be welcomed back enthusiastically by Byron .
tr	11	I 'll stick with Fire then , so they cannot be sure I am even a complete caster .
tr	9	I will drive you to a kick off point using my truck .
tr	5	" Your wings , they 're black , very strange . "
tr	5	' Alone , alone , all , all alone , ' " he said softly . "
tr	6	Almost a hundred years ago , the Knights Templar had formed and made the Temple Mount their base .
tr	11	That flash you got was important .
tr	10	How less what we may be !
tr	6	Roberto looked at her with curiosity .
tr	7	This was a difficult time for Portugal .
tr	10	Nobody 's been able to eliminate bin Laden .
tr	11	The chorus she had just sung rang in her head , even as Eduardo and Tobias began to sing Amazing Grace .
tr	9	I 've been reading too many mysteries , Sarah thought .
tr	10	Eduardo smiled at her , motioning for Tobias to be a gentleman .
tr	11	After that they had another check and even found something hidden in one of their taps .
tr	11	See if there 's anything to learn ?
tr	7	It is at it was . "
tr	10	" I really need to go to the bathroom , " I say .
tr	5	" There he is , " Auron finally found his foe .
tr	10	Camden hadn 't realized just how dire things were or how fortunate he had just been .
tr	7	He was already reaching for the Glock .
tr	6	We go on roller coasters together .
tr	10	" Please , it doesn 't have to be like this .
tr	8	With all the courage he could summon he called forth again .
tr	8	" There 's miles of wires and circuits and systems in here .
tr	7	I spun and kicked out , taking out the three remaining Hunters .
tr	5	" Yes , that , " said the man .
tr	9	This was going to be difficult .
tr	9	Nothing except the desire to go home .
tr	9	I believe you 've met before .
tr	5	CHAPTER TWO Friday , Five Days Earlier Obelisk Pointe Building " Hold the elevator please ! "
tr	11	Scott stayed motionless in hopes of not antagonizing either the little girl or her watchdog .
tr	6	Something is coming off him .
tr	9	" Roberto , " Cisco said , " we will talk about this at home . "
tr	10	Beau made a mental note to come back and lock up the keys and the fuel .
tr	7	Mrs. Jones hugged her son with love , then was my turn .
tr	7	He was never worried by storms .
tr	10	To have betrayed him so terribly after his many kindnesses to her over the years , after his patience .
tr	10	I have a mad urge to throw the underwear at his head .
tr	8	And mind how you go ; they don 't want any interfering . "
tr	10	Which wasn 't surprising as that 's exactly what it was .
tr	9	" How many do you think I could take ? "
tr	10	You used to often come to me for help in the past and I heard your cries .
tr	6	Then , " Your desperation is showing , Agent Snow , " St. John stated quietly , menacingly .
tr	6	An infrared , night vision satellite image appeared on a projection screen .
tr	7	The small figures were rapidly moving away from the rover park .
tr	6	This turn of events really brightened Ted 's outlook on the whole home invasion situation .
tr	5	" Just your phone number , then , " he looked bored .
tr	11	Hardly went to karate lessons and never hit back when we fought .
tr	8	She said , " GW , you sound disappointed , are you ? "
tr	11	You 'll be amazed at what we can do !
tr	7	" But , Rafe , " continued the giant carefully , " this is folly .
tr	8	I said , gazing curiously at the high ceiling .
tr	10	He was looking forward to handing this mess over to the Army .
tr	7	" Meet Archer , " he informed the bully , " Apparently , he is the best one of us all !
tr	9	" You 've figured out that I 'm real . "
tr	8	The Bastian immortal turned and glanced elsewhere in the aircraft 's cabin .
tr	11	Zoe was single-minded and didn 't even glance to where he was pointing .
tr	5	His name is Boots . "
tr	10	That 's all she was to Sharon now .
tr	10	Only three tires gave out and the aircraft stopped with a foot or two of asphalt to spare .
tr	11	Then we 'd line up in a circle and I 'd show you how we danced in the old country .
tr	8	To get away from some scandal , " Mark responded .
tr	10	It 's funny how we are creatures of habit .
tr	8	This is very confusing to me , " she finally said .
tr	6	The conversation was sometimes boring and sometimes interesting .
tr	6	With a grunt , he strode from the room .
tr	7	All the while , Hayley Carmody , a rich kid from Connecticut pounded the keys of her BlackBerry .
tr	5	Blue , huddled , shorter and thinner , was a restless , sightless gargoyle .
tr	9	" Yes , but most likely we will pay loads of euros . "
tr	7	She unfolded the paper and on it was written " Betty " and a phone number .
tr	8	They not only put corn in the crib , but also beans and other storable food items .
tr	8	He laughed and told jokes and , most importantly , didn 't shout at anyone .
tr	9	After a little while the starship found itself approaching the House of Lives .
tr	7	" Now it even sounds like Christmas , " she said .
tr	10	Neither does her aunt , with whom she will be staying .
tr	10	Suddenly , every muscle in his body stirred with adrenaline and he felt like yelling in triumph .
tr	6	In the evenings she studied about international crime , weapons , art , jewels and martial arts . "
tr	10	" I asked , " What 's our situation , do we have integrity ? "
tr	6	I whispered , then scolded myself .
tr	8	Two hundred feet down , horizontal galleries started to appear off the central shaft .
tr	8	Confused for the moment , Link watches the crazed boy converse with himself briefly before initiating his attack .
tr	5	" Hope House , on One Hundred and Second , " she finished .
tr	8	Finan started forward in his chair , his fingers gripping the wooden arms with such strength that his knuckles were white .
tr	8	She asks , a profoundly innocent curiosity pressing into his ears .
tr	6	Gabe catches my stare and smiles .
tr	10	They taste like rust , but I feel a little more human for doing it .
tr	10	Hawk could tell she was messed up .
tr	6	One kiss , one chaste and silent kiss , and no more , just a tight clasp of fingers .
tr	9	" I always wanted to do this , " he whispered .
tr	8	Spinning around he spots the king of thieves standing a short distance away .
tr	11	" Let 's hope they already got out . "
tr	9	" Tectonic plates come together and cause huge compressive forces that over time create mountain ranges . "
tr	10	" You had better get ready to leave , gentlemen , " he informed them .
tr	8	Sampson was suddenly intense , " It might work .
tr	5	Property , corporations , mining rights , planes , cars , the lot .
tr	11	She raised her eyes to observe Jeff and was relieved to see nothing odd in his expression .
tr	7	She abandoned her purse and duffle bag near Rick 's door .
tr	8	By mid-day every Hunter in a flyable state world-wide would be grounded by the CAA .
tr	11	You are here because you have to be and eventually you will leave .
tr	10	I saw Isaac look upward and I knew disaster was on its way .
tr	6	Besides the bound girls , no one else in the house was on his side .
tr	10	The chamberlain looked relieved to see the man , and happily scurried off .
tr	6	The stranger looked up at the sky , at the stars , for several seconds .
tr	10	" Sure , it 's one good bit of luck in all this that you 're not useless around horses . "
tr	7	She laid a gentle hand on Adele 's shoulder .
tr	6	It had tall , delicate spires , broad , shady avenues , and many parks and gardens .
tr	8	Sighing , she tried to remember the ingredient amounts .
tr	5	The mare 's dark eyes considered him thoughtfully .
tr	11	A flash of lightning illuminated the sky and caused the curved blade to gleam ominously in the rain .
tr	8	She had been holed up in her apartment since the outbreak .
tr	8	My people are logical and rarely give in to whimsical thoughts .
tr	11	Do you know what I mean ? "
tr	8	" Ugh ... Setting aside the color of your hairs or eyes maybe ... you were so identical . "
tr	5	" Well , for one , I 'm definitely too young and inexperienced .
tr	9	You 've got forty-eight hours until I call it in . '
tr	11	He is a good man ; and an honest man , and he said he did as the king asked . "
tr	7	" Let 's not fight anymore darling ; it never ends well . "
tr	9	The mere existence of the censor servers was a slap in the face of everything the United States once stood for .
tr	7	Several of the crew lingered behind him and the Captain looked up at them with irritation .
tr	11	" Sure you know where you 're going ? "
tr	7	" Now that we finally have everyone together ... " he began , with a pointed look at me .
tr	8	He screamed , but the cry was cut off by a harsh crack !
tr	8	" Step away from him , Mr Gorn , " stressed Tork .
tr	9	There was more to the Tate person than the awful destructiveness of her weapon , he was sure .
tr	8	They stayed on the island for a week to recover and restock food and water .
tr	9	" Our current plans don 't allow for landing troops on the planet surface .
tr	8	The display lit up , showing Toby , with the backdrop of the recliner , grinning broadly .
tr	10	I believe it was searching for us .
tr	6	I hardly thought about it myself in all that time .
tr	6	" Just Ken , " she said , " since he does look like a Ken doll . "
tr	8	" Yes , and the bearer of good and bad news , Lieutenant .
tr	11	Joe seemed to think about this for a few moments .
tr	8	You 'll see why at once .
tr	10	" Then we have no choice " the Matriarch on the left said .
tr	9	I stood motionless taking in this very unusual experience .
tr	6	' Day after tomorrow , at the earliest . '
tr	8	" Buck up handsome , I 'm good at this stuff , " Mai assures with a cavalier tone .
tr	5	Not a lot of crime in a town of nine hundred . "
tr	7	" Hello , Rick , will you be controlling displacement parameters ? "
tr	9	I need to talk to him . "
tr	7	The monster seemed almost entirely comprised of clothes , including its legs and arms , even its hands .
tr	11	Use your hand to slide the view -- one finger to zoom in , two to zoom out .
tr	8	Andy guessed it was the Ugly Man .
tr	9	Now it was who could swim the fastest .
tr	5	" Come on , Mom , just let me skip today . "
tr	8	" Can you not warm her yourself ? "
tr	10	" Yeah ... " I pause a beat too long , " clearly that goes without saying . "
tr	8	As he had promised , Harrison was there waiting for him , and he tossed Jeff his practice sword .
tr	10	He ordered a fellow officer to go back to the trucks and radio in for extra support .
tr	9	Ted realized that Melody was on her own now .
tr	9	That is all you must do .
tr	11	It 'd sure beat the hell out of what it has been eating . "
tr	7	Pierre 's hand was almost touching the soldier 's hat .
tr	7	We were worried sick . "
tr	9	His eyes grew big and his face turned white as paper .
tr	8	She hadn 't had that dream in ages .
tr	11	" Oh , so that 's how it 's gon na be ? "
tr	9	Someone was always to be on guard .
tr	7	To the east and to the south the property was bordered by thick woodland .
tr	11	Joseph finally described what might have been the place and told me how to find it .
tr	11	I knew exactly what would happen if I did .
tr	6	Enraged , he hit a speed dial number and got an instant answer .
tr	10	I didn 't even know what being a personal aid entailed .
tr	10	She lives with her husband of 28 years in Gauteng , South Africa .
tr	6	" Princess Kristina , " Elaine greeted her , " what a wonderful surprise . "
tr	10	The captain marveled at the seamanship , remembering doing the same in his younger days in the navy .
tr	11	" You 've been trained to stay naturally calm under pressure ? "
tr	11	I asked , motioning to a snug chair loaded with grey and white pillows .
tr	11	Gan looked beyond where they 'd come from and saw what he expected .
tr	8	I saw the movie ; now let 's just eat . "
tr	8	A slow clap applauded the spectacle from somewhere unseen and a familiar coarse voice rang out once more .
tr	11	" Hi , Mr. Stark , " Kevin added , then stopped to stare out at the boys in the canoes .
tr	8	Cal reached over to Kevin 's shirt pocket and pushed the button on the remote through the fabric .
tr	8	Somebody explain this to me this instant ! "
tr	7	The whole episode had taken less than ten minutes .
tr	5	In reprisal , the Ministry executed a few hundred random people .
tr	8	" We will proceed with caution , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	11	Were you able to contact her ? "
tr	9	Or so I kept telling myself .
tr	6	Kevin gave Missy a boost and up she went .
tr	8	The bullet wound 's mark spread and spread until the guard closed his eyes forever .
tr	6	He parked and turned the key off .
tr	10	By the time they reached the country hotel thirty minutes later Claire regretted passing up the Spa .
tr	6	" That man next to him was quite a sight too .
tr	6	" What about other news ? "
tr	11	" You are a strong , courageous , capable leader and only you seem to have trouble seeing that .
tr	7	Priceless paintings , furniture and the like received craters full of hot lead .
tr	7	She was very beautiful and several sailors looked at her .
tr	6	In my fantasies , this date was about me .
tr	11	The inmates surged forward and Mal held his hand up urging them to stop .
tr	7	" Is Anderson for real ? "
tr	5	" Yeah right , " Stacy said and laughed .
tr	10	" Everything will work out just as I told you earlier , Simon . "
tr	8	" We really must get moving , " he said , ignoring my question completely .
tr	10	I was thankful to be home , but this feeling didn 't last long .
tr	8	Immediately it became apparent to me that the situation had dramatically deteriorated .
tr	6	Still , it was a very strange experience .
tr	11	It was obvious that the horses ' stalls had not been mucked out for weeks .
tr	6	" I did not give you a motor command . "
tr	8	Most people on the Rump aren 't Unitarian , but there we all are , every Sunday morning .
tr	6	- " Boy , " said the good old moon , " have you still not enough ? "
tr	10	She draw near Iris who was astounded .
tr	10	" I 'm afraid ... my father has not been in the best of health lately .
tr	7	" Yeah , me too , it 's so isolated , but so close to town ... " Kaylie agreed .
tr	6	' Hello , Spanner , but seriously , guys , what is going on ? '
tr	10	I 'm sure it will be okay .
tr	7	' They 've completed the trial , ' he replied .
tr	11	I think she would help if asked .
tr	11	Some kind of safety mechanism must have been activated to douse the flames .
tr	5	" I am not a fool , sir .
tr	11	Riley looked like she was about to cry .
tr	9	Army logistics had provided a stock of tea for their British staff but it was horrid .
tr	10	Were they going to poop on my parade , or not ?
tr	11	But when she saw your blood it would 've been impossible to miss your markers . "
tr	11	" Please , " he said , " let me see Hilda before she goes .
tr	8	Back down upon the sand , Rift finds himself deep in thought once again .
tr	8	There was a ripple in the crowd and more riders came forward .
tr	11	" That student murdered because the government tried yet again to throw him back into the poverty of his birth .
tr	6	Opening it up he tipped out the contents onto the counter .
tr	10	My body opens to the sunlight , taking in the thin stream of sustenance .
tr	8	I watched two of the enemy assist him in this , dragging him to a kneeling position .
tr	10	" Well , then feel free to roll up your sleeves and help out .
tr	7	I asked , dreading the answer .
tr	9	Muhammad blinked , tried to clear his head .
tr	8	" I 'll not be coming back , " she said .
tr	5	" Good evening , Mr. Pendleton , " he said coolly .
tr	7	Miriam looked up at Mana , amazed .
tr	7	" You got ta come ! "
tr	10	I need to see what happened .
tr	7	Melody left the safety lever in the down position , ready for action .
tr	7	" Leave him alone , Finn , " David snarled .
tr	11	We need to follow that path by the grounds of the palace . "
tr	9	It all depends on where the rays are aimed .
tr	7	Maggie just smiled and brushed a stray hair away from her face .
tr	9	" I think I rode a bus to La Paz after dark one time . "
tr	8	David at least would likely go with or without Nathan 's blessing .
tr	10	That seemed to make Trevor seem less paranoid .
tr	8	" It 's different for guys , is all .
tr	9	I assume this setback won 't delay the procedure ? "
tr	9	Alarmed , they hid themselves and watched a German truck come into sight .
tr	5	Luckily , Matt ' Doc ' Fletcher , my high school coach , also coached the Dolphins .
tr	8	Both men shook hands with the group before sitting back down .
tr	6	Its long , narrow windows displayed antique axes , hoses , boots , and hats .
tr	9	Victoria rolled her eyes and joined him pacing the room .
tr	7	She paused and wavered again , her expression awkward .
tr	6	The image in my head is the sports field , naked guy and all .
tr	10	Jess turned to receive a bottle of champagne from an aide .
tr	8	" But how will we know who our ancestors are ? "
tr	8	Who would have thought it ?
tr	6	The interior of the apartment was inky black and as still as a tomb .
tr	10	The sun came softly over the eastern mountains as the company stirred and made ready .
tr	9	I had to get him better .
tr	5	Boyfriend gone , gone , gone , gone ?
tr	7	His thoughts stuck on the word married .
tr	11	Her hands shook him , then seemed to grow larger .
tr	9	" It 's you , " he repeats as if this will clear things right up .
tr	10	In short , you need my help and I 'm willing to give it . "
tr	11	Now come on George lets get back to the party so you can enjoy your first night back in civilization . "
tr	7	" Let 's go to the zoo , " he said on a Monday and jumped up from the lounge chair .
tr	10	Why he is meant to suffer day after day .
tr	8	He continued moving towards it .
tr	8	Let me ask you a question . "
tr	9	You tried to have me killed !
tr	8	" Well I got a contest for the both of you . "
tr	8	Jonesy sealed it and checked that the intercom worked .
tr	8	By the time they had finished eating , the sun had sunk below the horizon and it was getting dark .
tr	7	" When I left the Fortress , I was detected and followed .
tr	7	A bit of young love is just what I need . "
tr	10	But then you 'll have to haul it all up to the bathroom . "
tr	8	Placing it around his waist while walking , he buckled it without missing a stride .
tr	7	Desire flamed on her cheeks , and she yanked him forward into another kiss .
tr	6	Cakes splattered against the wall .
tr	8	He inched the car forward until he reached the drop box .
tr	8	She jogged into the hotel without even looking back .
tr	8	" This kid is driving like Daytona , and he has no legs ? "
tr	7	" ' Very well , " she mumbled , and they headed for their rooms .
tr	9	A bead of sweat trickles down his face , and there are growing patches of wetness beneath each arm .
tr	9	Rafe rubbed a hand against the rasping growth of the day old beard upon his chin .
tr	9	What if he knew where we lived ?
tr	6	But there 's only one entry wound , " Dr. Stadler replied in disbelief .
tr	8	A black creature landed on top of him , its foul odor filling his nostrils .
tr	10	Simon was the first to arrive at the second vehicle .
tr	7	" They are west of the Great Hall !
tr	11	Her body trembled under every touch as his fingers moved into the core of her excitement .
tr	5	" Oh , my God , are you a Reaper ? "
tr	10	This morning I can 't seem to keep myself out of trouble ! "
tr	8	He hefted the stone , " This is the time stone ; it powers the machine . "
tr	11	" I didn 't want you to get beat up . "
tr	6	His skin looked healthy , alive , no longer the pallor of the dead .
tr	10	I swam further into the murky depths and twisted around until I floated in the eddies .
tr	11	Taylor asked while turning to another page , " I saw a signature L. F. on many of them .
tr	6	" Fold your napkin , " her father growled .
tr	5	And this time , Annie , we 'll win ! '
tr	10	Know all present that victory does not signify right , nor defeat wrong .
tr	7	" In the answer to that question I am greatly interested . "
tr	8	" Slow and steady brings the test pilot home for dinner , " he intoned cheerily .
tr	5	" Sure , " I lie .
tr	5	" Safe passage , or ' e gets hit . "
tr	5	" Oh , I 'm definitely not complaining . "
tr	6	I said , " Yeah , a couple , and also an Icom SSB . "
tr	7	The next moment was a blur of movement .
tr	6	How could my dad sign someone so soon ?
tr	7	He held her still , preventing the escape .
tr	5	" Mrs. Jacob Whitmore ... as soon as you say ' I do ' your net worth increases substantially . "
tr	11	" Did you get the dosages worked out ?
tr	6	Hicks , Sykes and Red pull away from their impromptu hug and step back .
tr	10	" Have you ever felt like that about someone so soon after you met them ? "
tr	8	The thought scared the skin off of him , but if she wanted to , he wouldn 't stop her .
tr	6	I must get back inside . "
tr	5	" you mean , there ain 't no silver ? "
tr	7	Gabe would shoot me , but wouldn 't it be worth it ?
tr	11	Connor felt startled ; he realized Maria wasn 't back in the room .
tr	8	Almost on its own , her hand drifted out to touch it .
tr	10	Simon asked , quickly realising that they were both injured .
tr	10	Chris was thinking about what the captain had just said .
tr	6	He wrapped his wife in his arms .
tr	7	We need a wide fast bridge with no stoplights , a bridge people can cross quickly .
tr	7	After a seemingly endless parade of dishes , wines , and conversation , the party broke up .
tr	11	Sarah tried to prevent the finger from moving further in .
tr	6	And he had two blue coins left .
tr	9	" Who wants to mark our path ? "
tr	6	In one swift movement , he shut off the car , pulled the key and unlocked all the doors .
tr	8	All the major cities in the United States took at least one direct nuclear hit , and many more than one .
tr	9	Josie stepped behind Mark and grabbed a bottle of water from the cooler - one of only a few left .
tr	11	Still , it was better to be where the air was fresh .
tr	7	But what you felt , I am feeling now for a person . "
tr	11	A road sign told him it was the Big Sandy River , the border between West Virginia and Kentucky .
tr	10	He slept again in fits and starts , his mind going in and out of consciousness with no apparent preference .
tr	11	" My shoulder aches a bit , " she said sitting in the lounge sipping on her double double .
tr	10	" Do you know where she is ? "
tr	8	the man said , breaking Claudio out of his stunned silence .
tr	5	But here , together under one roof , with my older sister too ?
tr	10	I did want to talk .
tr	6	He and Meg adopted a little girl , Meg had a teenage boy already , and then Meg got pregnant .
tr	11	Andy had been sitting in the car for about ten minutes .
tr	6	No tree branch splints for you .
tr	7	" Something isn 't right , " Dresden announces , worry in his voice .
tr	5	" Todd , in a roundabout way , they are .
tr	5	On the weekends , they attended museums , plays , concerts and art galleries .
tr	11	I lived among them , and I know Fox means what he said . "
tr	10	" I 'm going to throw some supplies down , " he called .
tr	8	Finally he has an answer , but a thousand new questions have eclipsed it completely .
tr	7	After I filled my inner desires I made my way back to my room and opened my suitcase .
tr	7	Somewhere far away , a faint rumbling sounds , and combined with the bizarre storm , it resembles thunder .
tr	6	Keno and Johnny weren 't quite as big and they were brown .
tr	8	What 's it gon na be ? "
tr	8	Ruth -- my sister -- she clearly said today at 3pm .
tr	7	Jason sat under his warm blankets for a few minutes , and then he noticed movement in the skies .
tr	6	And then slowly backed out of our friendship ?
tr	7	" Mr. Pike , gag and blindfold this man and remain here on guard . "
tr	7	He took it back from her and settled it carefully into the folded clothes beside a portrait a pretty young woman .
tr	9	He was trying to break him .
tr	6	According to an inside source , the Coalition handpicked this Vietnam veteran for a specific purpose .
tr	8	Must be her contact in Paris , Kurt assumed .
tr	9	I 'm unable to control myself .
tr	8	" Yes , I think fun time is over . "
tr	7	But then a flash of black caught my eye , and I froze .
tr	8	" I just want you to know that . "
tr	6	In his own good time the shadowed figure stood up and casually circled Billy .
tr	11	And you 're right to be proud of him . "
tr	7	Miriam jumped into bed and curled her feet up under her .
tr	6	" We 're not here for your money . "
tr	10	he asked the tear streaked face he no longer recognized .
tr	8	In unnecessary matters be not over curious , and in many of his works thou shalt not be inquisitive .
tr	6	It was a large , heavy book , so it made a nice , loud thwack .
tr	9	" Yes , he was holding the cloak shut before , but now he 's being careless . "
tr	7	Not to mention my bonus for returning a living , breathing body . "
tr	7	Alfred rolled his eyes forward , looked at 007 , and reached for him .
tr	9	Ted walked over to the shelving and cautiously peered around the end of each row .
tr	8	" Allah was merciful to me , I fought hard , but I was overpowered and they captured me .
tr	7	Naturally , he applied for the program , but his less than perfect eyesight automatically eliminated him as a candidate .
tr	6	The engine said plop plop plop and was silent again .
tr	6	Granted , it looked greenish and unhealthy , but at least the cut was closed .
tr	10	He was so oblivious to danger because he had grown even larger .
tr	9	I was glad to hear that .
tr	6	" Step aside , " she said , " I 'll do it . "
tr	10	His body was trembling with the need to have her , his lips craving her body , and she responded .
tr	6	" That 's weird , " I said to the kettle .
tr	8	" You don 't mean ... " " Of course , " I answered .
tr	10	he suggested , trying his best to sound reasonable .
tr	7	There are heavy things on his mind .
tr	7	I 'd categorize it as a personality trait . "
tr	5	As the Captain and crew snickered , Jeff shook his head .
tr	10	Sky called through the door , trying unsuccessfully to release the handle .
tr	9	The outer perimeter was not visible from where I stood .
tr	9	She smiled and started to fold back her sleeves .
tr	11	Unfortunately I don 't think we have time to test this .
tr	8	her eyes filled with sincere emotions of hope .
tr	9	" You are going to Mars to mine for gold or platinum ? "
tr	9	He seized it , took out a pocketknife , and began to sharpen the point .
tr	9	Where 's it going to get us ?
tr	11	It staggered aimlessly and fell to the ground , continuing to screech loudly .
tr	6	" No sleepy yet , " smiled Julian , and Dreamer tweaked his tiny nose .
tr	9	" Got punched out on the show floor by one of our clients , " Gabe jumps in .
tr	9	" They 've been searching for two days now , and they should be done soon .
tr	6	Men had their own bunk rooms , dining areas , entertainments , and even corridors .
tr	9	" I was prepared for such an outburst , disappointing as it is . "
tr	8	Life within a house full of women could not but be filled , upon occasion , with a certain nervous tension .
tr	8	They were a quiet bunch , never bothered anyone and rarely asked for favors .
tr	8	Mark already had his Thompson up , held tight against his shoulder , lining his sights up .
tr	9	Yes , she felt bad for Alejo ; he was up there all alone , life hanging in the balance .
tr	9	The swatch is too small to guess at its origins .
tr	10	" I can 't wait for you to meet her . "
tr	8	That was why they went down the tunnels .
tr	11	Moreover , if Pedro 's good marksmanship was any indication , she would be a force to be reckoned with .
tr	9	Mom couldn 't speak French to save her life .
tr	8	He used a makeshift model on the ground to illustrate individual location and duties .
tr	8	Red imagines a smirk on his cocky admiral 's smug face .
tr	8	" Um , where 's the syrup ? "
tr	7	" We are ready , sir , " one of the burly men said in a stern and monotonous voice .
tr	9	Why does Dallas have the reputation it does ?
tr	11	" It 's not like we have to hurry back .
tr	10	Whether Cooper 's mother objected to the casting of Treat Williams over another actor is not clear .
tr	10	Mike deduced that it must be early and looked at his watch .
tr	6	A pair of bare feet , bluish in the cold , catching on the uneven paving stones of the alley .
tr	8	he muttered , thickly as I held up a large padded envelope .
tr	8	She regretted it instantly - the last thing Kim needed was someone making fun of her .
tr	5	Her best friend , here in this horrible place , here in the nightmare her life had become .
tr	5	" Hey , Johnny , check this out . "
tr	8	I didn 't know MI6 recruited agents of our age ! "
tr	11	He manages trying to look at the ship .
tr	7	The children fell in behind and the group moved out of the cell .
tr	8	However , all the men gasped with shock and disgust when he unwrapped the jade statue .
tr	7	Finally , after the long wait , Beppe was called into the examination room .
tr	6	" Gather ' round , boys , " Bax said under his breath .
tr	6	" And how long have you and he been friends ? "
tr	7	We have never set foot outside the walls .
tr	8	Like Adele , a man she loved had been revealed as a traitor .
tr	8	" Good idea , " Scott said and headed for a door in the opposite wall .
tr	9	Chris looked up to see a man behind the counter .
tr	9	An old woman right next , was trying to enter her room .
tr	10	The last scene of Noah in the jungle was one she could live with .
tr	9	Maple accuses , standing tall and propping her hands on her hips .
tr	9	Poor girl has probably had far more adventure than she ever wanted .
tr	6	Suddenly , aggressively , the old Buick released its brakes and stormed around the corner .
tr	10	He thought it was worth the risk , going back in .
tr	9	You don 't have to convince us .
tr	11	The Army spent considerable effort learning from ongoing operations , always striving to become more efficient .
tr	6	" I am here , Master Johnson , and I have your sushi tacos . "
tr	11	She hit the ground in a cat-like crouch , braced to absorb the impact .
tr	10	Mal didn 't have to wait for long .
tr	10	" And I 'm sorry to add to your duties . "
tr	9	" Look what they did to me ! "
tr	10	" I 'm doubting either will cooperate but that 's not the point .
tr	10	" This is a graded hill so nobody can see inside from the gate . "
tr	6	" We leave tomorrow morning at six .
tr	10	That is how it used to be !
tr	6	Thane 's son , Grand , was the first angel .
tr	7	" That would be lovely , " said Jennie .
tr	11	Mark looked all around for the telepath that had controlled Jimmy .
tr	6	The man-made lake , called the La Salle Detention Basin , served as an emergency overflow for the La Salle Canal .
tr	8	Now be off with you , I have work to do . "
tr	9	His voice was starting to pick up volume again .
tr	5	" And as for you , your hour has come .
tr	6	" I mean , I can 't do anything well .
tr	11	The lead police officer was shouting commands to the three men who they had exposed .
tr	8	" The truth hurts , when you are a fool . "
tr	11	I argued we ought to collect the information .
tr	8	Both opened easily and a new breeze began to flow but it ended quickly on the port side .
tr	9	So what happens when Rapunzel lets down her hair ? "
tr	8	He felt as though her eyes accused him softly .
tr	8	If these are really rich guys , can 't they develop secret puppy mills or buy elephants or something ? "
tr	8	Loving her subtle sense of humor , Rift fakes a step forward .
tr	9	She watched him walked away from her .
tr	10	Cry if you need to cry .
tr	11	I wanted to know he was alive .
tr	7	The sea was calm and its waves gently and calmly lapped against the shores .
tr	8	" He murdered my grandfather because he had the code .
tr	9	I don 't know what you 're talking about . "
tr	8	An eerie sense of premonition crept into the back of my mind .
tr	8	If Aimee left on a hiking trip , she wouldn 't bring necklaces .
tr	11	Do we light it and then ask for the wish to go away ?
tr	9	" Power to the building will be cut in two minutes , " A female voice stated .
tr	8	This time into the surprised head of Cronus .
tr	6	The girl moaned again and then her eyes slit open .
tr	11	You will have to ask the morgue attendant for that information .
tr	6	My gaze shifted to the woman in the doorway .
tr	7	Elodie , still watching him , smiled knowingly , ' Mais oui , it 's pretty chaotic in there . '
tr	11	" Gem you know we keep a radio watch on Radio Jakarta ? "
tr	8	" Only , do not listen to musicians , " Harald said .
tr	9	It was the house she grew up in .
tr	10	" Is that why they had you tied up , " Dane asked gently .
tr	8	Thankfully , I was on the side of the crowds .
tr	9	Greg begins to review the information on the panels .
tr	10	The door was slightly ajar , he went in low and fast his gun panning across the room .
tr	9	She was determined not to cave in .
tr	6	Some time later Simon found himself back in the waiting room .
tr	9	Yet , I 'd seen the man kill in cold blood .
tr	6	Ever hear of the Kama Sutra ?
tr	9	He rummaged through the protective spills of paper , pulled out an oil cloth and unwrapped it .
tr	9	Or they were because their informant wouldn 't be here .
tr	9	As a result the ship was pushed up onto the shore , sliding across the wet rumbling landscape .
tr	10	" What do you want me to do with it ?
tr	8	Victoria thought it was important .
tr	11	I found it in the face of a boy , his eyes too young , too pure for war .
tr	11	I thought you 'd be armed to the teeth .
tr	9	Again the pain was too much to absorb and he fell away to darkness .
tr	9	" I had a bit of a brainstorm on the way home .
tr	8	Chapter 9 The eleven other survivors sat in a rough semicircle in front of Falconer .
tr	6	' Okay , you got me but what about the amp ? '
tr	8	They should be banned from the lodge . "
tr	5	Deep Six , Raptor , Kevin Daniels , Skip Franklin , and Christopher Doom .
tr	10	Ben was very interested in the duel between David and Goliath and slowed the film down accordingly .
tr	9	Sofia followed after , keeping her lips shut .
tr	11	Are you born to do it ? "
tr	5	Now that , my Lady Reason , is a gift . "
tr	7	Forgive my daughter ; she is young and didn 't think . "
tr	7	I found a phone booth at the next intersection , closed the rickety door behind me and dialled a number .
tr	11	His pace was quick as he bounded over the edge of the mound where they were seated .
tr	7	She laughed a low breathless bubble of mirth .
tr	10	" I 'll go first while you hook him up , " the major continued .
tr	7	They entered the old village site early in the morning .
tr	9	I used to wonder why .
tr	10	I had gone from being her prey to her protector .
tr	5	Somewhere off in the pasture , she heard a bird singing .
tr	8	Charlie grabbed him by the scruff of the neck .
tr	5	One , two , three , four , five , and six unconscious bodies fall on the floor .
tr	6	" Fine with me , " he replied , " You lead the way . "
tr	8	" That 's not what I mean , " shot back Viv .
tr	8	He placed the papers on top of a book about eastern Anatolia and the Armenian dispersal .
tr	5	" No offense , Lindsay , but no , " Xavier began .
tr	5	In this whole house , in all the darkness , one thing shines brightly .
tr	9	Miss Julie was the slowest to regain her senses .
tr	11	For the time being we 've no choice but to assume some sort of a defensive posture .
tr	8	' How about twenty five ' I said , and that shut everybody up .
tr	11	Paris wished he could refuse to answer .
tr	10	His voice became a coarse whisper that barely slipped from his lips .
tr	9	He made a note to commend the commander .
tr	7	They 'll let us in , and then it 's simple .
tr	9	When it quit I said , " Here goes nothing . "
tr	6	' Eddy and Linda have a boy , ' announced Toby to his walking companion .
tr	8	His head wound slowly closed up , leaving behind only a faint , gray bruise .
tr	7	" No sir , he doesn 't know , but with your permission , I will tell him . "
tr	11	I stood still thinking at what is the worst .
tr	9	" You 'll talk to the boy for us , right ?
tr	7	The Exiles spoke only rarely during the day , and never to the Prince .
tr	6	" Wash dishes , construction , paint houses ... " " Hey Parker , you need anybody ? "
tr	10	" ... never show fear to a predator as it will give it the confidence to attack ! "
tr	9	Let me worry for you .
tr	10	All in all he thought that Rafe might brush through the thing very well .
tr	10	" Spyder knows I don 't like cats , Frank .
tr	6	Undaunted , the little man spat out a cracked tooth and sneered .
tr	7	He returned less than thirty seconds later , followed by General Mayhem .
tr	9	The heavy rounds threw him back against the side of the bunker entrance and Llama called out , " Mark ! "
tr	8	She had been a big part of his training before the hibernation .
tr	6	" Bern ... do you suppose ... that one ... the bold one ... is that James ? "
tr	6	He poked the first prisoner in the chest with his weapon .
tr	8	Mike was filthy and had a three-week growth of beard .
tr	10	Look it might be nothing , but it sounded like she was saying goodbye .
tr	9	She didn 't see Kevin again but shyly asked her great-grandfather a few questions about him .
tr	6	His face was hard and heavy , and he looked very , very crafty .
tr	6	" Details , details , " Camden complained with a groan .
tr	6	They had perfectly black skin , scruffy Western T-shirts and shorts , and no shoes .
tr	11	Today it 's one of the first things little children learn and nobody even asks why it works anymore . "
tr	7	Dan I 'll start with you . "
tr	11	I don 't think there were any Civil War battles around River Sunday .
tr	11	I thought you would want to know . "
tr	6	" Yes and ladies move out , " Marcus tells his team .
tr	7	The ticket was bought by you . "
tr	7	Before Trae could protest , Lena reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
tr	6	Trusting him was quite another .
tr	10	Neil realized he was hungry as well .
tr	7	" The major naval powers have let their shipbuilding industries fall into decline .
tr	11	Thus they found their great-grandmother 's life being played out in front of their very eyes .
tr	6	Frankie struggled against his ropes .
tr	8	Instead , it became his greatest failure and a source of enormous embarrassment .
tr	8	Had that been a warning for him ?
tr	7	" It must be the wind , " Mana said , giving her a quick prod .
tr	5	" Yeah , but Sherlock 's older brother was a fat , lazy bastard .
tr	6	In her debut match , Karen blew away any doubt about her skills as a boxer .
tr	11	She stood looking out breathing deeply , apparently unmoved by his comment .
tr	5	After coffee and croissants , that is . "
tr	11	The Goddess ' pleasure is revealed through the subtle act of her visage becoming ever so slightly less stern .
tr	9	Each of his strides covered nearly ten feet , his bounds leaving long gouges in the earth .
tr	9	Opening it as quietly as he could , he listened for noise .
tr	6	We can make up the difference . "
tr	9	It is only a matter of time before their resources run dry and they are forced back to sea . "
tr	5	Beyond the normal smells , an eager , feral stink burdened the air .
tr	11	Detectives who seemed to comfort her .
tr	6	Hunt and Farmer stayed with the group for now .
tr	5	Your big , red hot iron rod against my little wooden stick . "
tr	9	Do you have money ? "
tr	11	That 's the one wish you want ?
tr	10	" Simply let me see the item , and I 'll recant my charge , " she said .
tr	7	I got off at the station and was instantly wary .
tr	9	Deploy chutes at twenty five hundred , you 'll only have about forty five seconds of free fall .
tr	11	I am a writer too , you see -- " " Oh ? "
tr	11	He closed his eyes and relaxed under her stare , allowing her to study him .
tr	11	They may , presumably through reflex , be able to turn a doorknob , for example .
tr	5	" Oh , fuck , oh , fuck , oh ... fuck ! "
tr	10	" Mac is the makeup artist who created 007 's face .
tr	5	" Then we won 't , " Gordon said .
tr	7	Even in the midst of battle , I knelt , my hands grabbing his shoulders .
tr	9	I wanted to tell him this , but other words came and replace them .
tr	5	" Yeah , like partners and friends too , " I replied .
tr	5	He was already emotionally attached .
tr	11	Perhaps Tork was right ; perhaps I did like her more than I wanted to admit .
tr	7	I cannot be seen , and I leave not a trace .
tr	9	" I don 't take kindly to threats , sir , " said Anderson evenly .
tr	6	" I was nineteen , my sister twenty-one . "
tr	7	Don 't worry about the costs .
tr	5	Now Taylor heard it too .
tr	11	" Can I trust that you 'll keep your side of the bargain ?
tr	7	They were standing in the pro shop .
tr	10	But you said it was about money , general .
tr	11	Drew nodded , " That 's what I was thinking too .
tr	6	" Hell , they may not let us in . "
tr	9	Going to make us scream ?
tr	9	" I thought the forecast was for clear skies ? "
tr	9	Billy had replaced the pellets with metal BBs and then replaced the spring with one he had ordered online .
tr	7	" Ah ... the Trooper 's Wife , " he said slowly turning around .
tr	6	" Yes but they 're cold .
tr	8	To fight for their future was worth everything .
tr	10	My cousin has some really nasty rap stuff he let my brother and me listen to .
tr	6	The twin in black , almost sinister said , " I have you now . "
tr	8	A few inches from him , a crown sat amid a pile of black ash .
tr	9	She pulled the large grappling hook from behind her back and placed it upright on the table .
tr	10	I 'm not as young as I used to be . "
tr	10	" I thought I could wait -- make sure .
tr	10	Donovan moved quickly to put himself between her and the horse .
tr	10	Riki continued to stare up at her mother after that hurried speech , but her face crumpled and she yawned hugely .
tr	9	Nathan remembered the four bodies at the bottom of the hill , probably nothing but bones now .
tr	7	The Angel waved his arm and a table with two glasses appeared .
tr	10	he asked , fighting to keep his voice calm .
tr	6	The whole vastness of the earth is a gigantic open grave , thought Nathan and shuddered .
tr	10	I frowned , shocked at what I saw .
tr	11	He gently led her downhill until they were on a huge boulder overlooking the raging creek .
tr	8	he asked hoping against hope .
tr	9	Her mother , brother and the man who claimed her heart .
tr	5	" Come on , no one likes a greedy slave owner . "
tr	9	No , you got to die in a special way .
tr	11	They spoke of the food that would be served .
tr	10	He reached slowly with his left hand trying not to disturb his covering .
tr	8	Each was a cut out ... security therefore was good but never guaranteed . .
tr	10	I wonder if they 've had any cancellations and can fit us in early ?
tr	6	Rafe released him in surprise .
tr	6	Moments with Malcolm tore at me .
tr	11	He assured her , twining his fingers through hers as they walked to their cabin .
tr	8	The total weight of each cylinder load without added cargo is 3.8 tons .
tr	7	They fought it at first with long yawns but it was too much ; both of them succumbed to the urge .
tr	10	She smiled as she sat down , carefully smoothing her skirt .
tr	8	They even built a small fire that night and cooked some bread from meal they had wrapped in a leather bag .
tr	7	I will concentrate more on this hunt .
tr	5	A special thanks to C.W. Johnson for his encouragement and enthusiasm .
tr	11	She tried to walk forward struggling with her luggage .
tr	9	But the cloud only spun round faster and faster glowing with ever greater passion .
tr	11	He had expected them to pile into military vehicles and speed off to some undesirable location .
tr	11	We just wanted to know what it looked like .
tr	8	he snapped , " take her to the red tent .
tr	9	It looks like it is bleeding internally .
tr	9	Your higher purpose , peace and love bullshit would appear to be irrelevant .
tr	11	" I can 't believe the government has a telepath - and a sorceress , " Josie said .
tr	11	They were so close that if Neil had taken another step he would have gone over the side .
tr	9	You must be responsible for my father 's death . "
tr	10	After joining the motorways Amy started thinking the journey would never end .
tr	11	The light in the heights of the heavens through which the starship flew changed many times .
tr	8	Nested inside were two thin wooden plates , with matching cups and utensils .
tr	8	I 'd carefully planned it all out , and rehearsed it in my head .
tr	10	She joined the others to discover who the crazy swimmer was .
tr	10	They had been attacked and killed by a pack of dingoes .
tr	7	But instinct is different than an overactive imagination .
tr	8	And be thankful that you still have the use of all your limbs ! "
tr	8	No matter how much you use it , it will always be sharp .
tr	10	Why travel all that way for perfect beaches when there were some right here ?
tr	10	She shoved the thought away and took some snaps with her phone .
tr	7	If they 've sentries , we can 't wander around the grounds . "
tr	6	The sound of a door opening pressed Julie and her bonds deeper into the concrete .
tr	6	Almost at the top , voices echoed from below .
tr	11	He flicked a switch and two metal plates dropped from the ceiling covering the windows completely .
tr	7	They sat on the bench and changed from sneakers to riding boots .
tr	6	A man with a heavy axe stepped forward and stood over the thief .
tr	10	" If I were I 'd be seeing bogus arms holding animated controls , not my own arms .
tr	10	Or working for drug dealers , in prison ? "
tr	11	Let him know he 's your target .
tr	11	I think I saw him come in .
tr	8	" We can set it up in the West field ... it 'll be safe there ... .
tr	10	" Looks like he wants to land . "
tr	7	Then , through the leaves of the riverbank trees , they saw a white work boat approaching .
tr	10	Now he could see the cave , its mouth glowing , as the fire inside crackled .
tr	11	" You mean ... Gordo 's was not affected by the shortage because they were serving reindeer ? "
tr	6	There , by the back doors stood a kid with braces on his legs , watching .
tr	10	" Are you worried about someting ? "
tr	7	He pried the lead tip off each bullet and poured the gun powder out of the shells onto the bandana .
tr	8	The sun was now a twinkling , fading glow against the sea and darkness was fast approaching .
tr	6	He looks at his brother , then at me .
tr	6	She intrigued him more and more .
tr	7	We flicked our gaze back to the speaker as he continued .
tr	9	She mumbled an insult under her breath ; thankfully I didn 't hear what she said .
tr	11	" I 'd love to ... ... . .
tr	6	More likely , of course , the slave was crazy -- possibly even dangerous .
tr	9	Mirai still struggled to no effect -- somehow the mysterious letters managed to seal even her breath .
tr	10	He tried to smile back at her , but found that he couldn 't .
tr	6	The life expectancies of the gods are very long but yet finite like ours .
tr	9	he asked Taylor , his concern for the machine obvious .
tr	9	" I thought it was early , " Neil said , annoyed .
tr	8	" Then , if you are ready , we should keep on moving . "
tr	7	The power rests completely and indisputably in their hands .
tr	8	Out of self-defence , Father had to kill him . "
tr	11	" I don 't think you have to worry .
tr	6	They liked Mr. Stark 's idea .
tr	11	If the villagers don 't like how it turns out , they can just redo it themselves .
tr	11	He had the launcher aimed into the opening between the two bunkers , the targets nowhere in sight .
tr	8	Hunger , heat , rain , sickness were daily constants in our lives , but through all that we were saved .
tr	10	" I don 't know what joke you 're playing .
tr	11	' Do you have a place to stay ? '
tr	5	They set off the following morning .
tr	6	Beyond the tactical military side , the mission of a central security service becomes more complicated .
tr	9	Stripes of moonlight and darkness mottled their skin as Riki and Neil crept through the trees and vines .
tr	10	" Maybe we should just shoot you to be safe , " said the voice with calculated bravado .
tr	10	So anyway I asked ... " Am I going to die ? "
tr	10	It will take Simon approximately 24 hours to get to London " .
tr	6	A single large globe dangled in the entryway .
tr	9	" Has anyone got close to getting it ? "
tr	11	" You 're getting to be a real pain in the ass .
tr	7	As they did , Alex removed a small , black rectangular tin from his pocket and opened it .
tr	11	It was just about sunrise as Andy settled himself into the rear cockpit of the Comet .
tr	9	Do you have family ? "
tr	10	That fact remained secret and needed to remain so for the time being .
tr	6	In the background , another noise trickled in around the dawn chorus .
tr	9	It must have been a million paces wide ! "
tr	8	" Now you listen to me , dumbass , " the XO spits .
tr	7	" We will be in unfamiliar terrain .
tr	9	With a gentle jerk , the truck sprinted back into motion , towards Cochabamba and life for Alejo .
tr	9	She turned back to the girls , " You mean us no harm , right ? "
tr	8	Neil gave up and struggled into Simon 's things .
tr	10	" Will , I might as well keep working during the quarantine , " he suggested .
tr	6	" I don 't know , " he said .
tr	8	proclaimed one book with the image of a slick Hispanic man in an expensive purple suit .
tr	9	she managed , feeling herself scowl .
tr	6	" What about internet ? "
tr	7	But I cannot do that and save my grandfather . "
tr	7	As they enjoyed the triple chocolate cake , VIN watched Maggie think .
tr	7	" Pathetic threats from a pathetic creature , " he laughs , shaking his head .
tr	5	His drooping shoulders suddenly filled up his dusty old grey jacket .
tr	11	However , two of his works do survive in the collection of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts .
tr	8	As a young man he had been the best warrior in the kingdom .
tr	10	" You are going to have to .
tr	11	Why worry about what might happen someday ?
tr	8	screamed David as he whirled on Nathan with anguish in his face .
tr	10	He thought it might come in handy . '
tr	9	Their feeble assault was met with equal aggression as the soldier swatted and crushed his irritating attackers .
tr	6	The dissertation for his first doctorate degree was on the leap frog effect .
tr	7	Picking up full bottles from the cooler , then dropping empty ones .
tr	7	The first thing that I saw was Laurence 's beautiful masculine face .
tr	7	" And get this , I hacked her records , and she 's a literature major .
tr	10	" You wouldn 't believe the legends of this book and the Lost Times , or the War of Shadows . "
tr	5	" There 's an old rusty cow fence just ahead .
tr	8	He grabbed my shoulders and heaved me inside the tunnel a heartbeat later .
tr	7	Hard times for your kind these days , even up north , I hear . "
tr	5	My mind is numb and empty .
tr	8	If the walls hadn 't been so high they could have just pulled themselves out of the building .
tr	8	" You heard what he said , " answered the County Clerk .
tr	7	We followed the faint tracks and came to an empty chamber .
tr	6	He rubbed his hands together and approached the tray .
tr	7	' From the floor plans I saw earlier , there 's a ventilation duct right above us .
tr	5	Remember , no basketball , no clubs , just attendance , homework , and a clean slate . "
tr	6	" Unlike other jobs , " Audrey said , " which are never , ever about money . "
tr	6	When his second-in-command appeared , the conversation gave it all away .
tr	7	Rust has eaten nearly through it .
tr	6	' Three ... three ... three ... ' he stuttered , ' thousand , ' He finished with a large gulp .
tr	5	" Quite possibly , " admitted the man .
tr	11	That which was to be determined .
tr	8	It 's a narrow range and juts between the cities .
tr	9	The servant let out a hiss of surprise and pain and fell back into the man behind him .
tr	8	There he was ... her George ... she hadn 't seen him in weeks .
tr	9	Wouldn 't want to lose him . "
tr	11	She looks back a Red , her eyes demanding he wait for her .
tr	5	In our case however , only immediate satisfaction would suffice .
tr	11	" Let me know if you need anything .
tr	6	However I can help , you need only ask . "
tr	8	That old girl is a Russian 1980s space station consisting of four modules .
tr	10	By some miracle , the Ares was the only ship in the fleet affected by the outbreak .
tr	5	Still it 's on the up and up . "
tr	9	The instructor placed her in the right front seat of the Cessna 172 , and got in the left door .
tr	10	They didn 't know why he personally hated Salazar so much .
tr	5	" Set our priorities straight .
tr	7	Setting the rifle aside , she slung the mag pouch across her chest and turned her attention back to the pack .
tr	11	" I believe you gentlemen have me confused with my twin .
tr	7	The giant bug , buffeted by a strong wind , wobbled from side to side as it descended .
tr	8	It cracked like the pathetic child I was .
tr	10	I searched his eyes , looking for some hint of understanding or compassion .
tr	11	" Tell him who his guest was , Ralph " said George .
tr	9	She stopped , jerked to her feet , her eyes clenched shut .
tr	8	Around us , from behind the other doors in the atrium , I could hear voices .
tr	9	" You 're a very rude man , John , shoot him in the left kneecap please ! "
tr	8	Rapidly crossing the harsh environment , she takes a knee beside her leader 's horse , waiting for her inevitable punishment .
tr	11	" I think we can make it work , " she said .
tr	10	He couldn 't just tell me the code without exposing himself .
tr	10	She quickly combed her hair into a loose pony tail , securing it with an elastic from her purse .
tr	8	You don 't want to mess with him , " Link warned .
tr	9	When he finally revealed the metal beneath , he discovered two of them were silver , the remaining three gold .
tr	5	" Beyond all those candles , stuffed animals , magazines and books ? "
tr	11	Katherine listened whilst Calvin told her about 10,000 Faces ' gigs .
tr	8	Ward shifted amid the chair 's folds and stretched .
tr	7	He turned away and paced several steps up the hall , paused , and then turned back to Nathan .
tr	7	I apologise for my appearance , it 's been quite a day . "
tr	11	He is someone I always wanted to be .
tr	8	It shattered seconds before I reached it .
tr	10	" So not only do we want him dead , but the Empire does as well . "
tr	7	I 've made mistakes but I 've seen the light . "
tr	10	Who could have seen that coming ?
tr	7	He was right of course .
tr	10	" I have no interest in the trivial differences of others , I will not take part in this matter .
tr	7	I tied the wheel , let it idle and jumped over the side into the canoe .
tr	9	Heavy jowls covered in three days ' worth of beard stubble hung on either side of his soft , round face .
tr	10	It had now been about eight hours since he had left his new apartment .
tr	11	Once satisfied that all was well in those directions , he again turned his head forward and suddenly it clicked .
tr	9	" Sir , I don 't think that 's w - " Campbell started to say .
tr	9	Sometimes he imagined he could hear her voice .
tr	10	" I thought you just harvested from the area around the house . "
tr	5	The oversize , overprotective , damned -- " " Who the hell ... ? "
tr	6	" A formal ball tomorrow night , " said Sofia , " hosted by the council in your honor .
tr	5	" Suzanne wait , " I grabbed her arm gently .
tr	10	" Michel , what did you do ? "
tr	9	The two men were riding through the forest , following the hunting pack .
tr	9	He would just have to be patient .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	9	But not so bad that the Empire was beyond redemption .
tr	10	They moved in closer when they heard the sexual implications .
tr	8	Don 't touch it , but get the stingers out of him . "
tr	7	" Men , I 've just given your commander a very key and difficult mission .
tr	8	We were successful in everything , but the two of us are exhausted .
tr	9	Setting the captain and his men free for a get out of jail free card ... he smirked .
tr	10	Like that 's gon na happen .
tr	9	" You remember me coming to your place and you shooting me and me brother ?
tr	10	" We 've got other leads to follow in the meantime . "
tr	10	" Looks like we have a small puncture in the transverse colon .
tr	9	To see if he 's following .
tr	6	The grey and white speckled floor of smooth marble was spotless and shone brilliantly .
tr	10	" I don 't think that is necessary , " said Frank Simm .
tr	8	" I said -- " " Go to hell , " she said .
tr	6	But still it left a bitter taste in my mouth .
tr	8	She can 't change the rules of the game now . "
tr	5	Despite my inner turmoil , a faint smile crossed my lips .
tr	9	To Simon he looked like a large black and gold cat slowly coming towards his prey .
tr	8	" Yeah and considering how strong you smelled ... " Ted continued .
tr	11	He looked to see if Robyn had gone .
tr	8	You 'd think by our age , a six-year gap between us would be irrelevant .
tr	10	" Gary , I know you have always felt rejected .
tr	8	It was my turn to frown .
tr	6	Father and daughter traveled with several other families as far west as Independence , Missouri .
tr	9	Not the less you can see of it , the less you can see period .
tr	8	Ted had been counting on that .
tr	5	" And how long would that take ? "
tr	6	His strength all but gone , he fell again back to the ground .
tr	10	If it is a solemn festival , surely black or a dark blue would be more appropriate than green ? "
tr	8	Medical team to the captain 's quarters , priority one ! "
tr	6	" Is the place they are sleeping far away ? "
tr	7	Mark picked the knife out of the ashes and dusted it off .
tr	10	" I was banking on going back for breakfast .
tr	7	The helmet cam streams his frightened expression back to the Russian command center , and the Russian lieutenant smiles .
tr	8	In my haste to leave , I tripped over a small bin and stumbled .
tr	7	Tearing the loaf into pieces , he distributed it to his colleagues and rested alongside them .
tr	6	But a week later Cisco convinced me of his love again .
tr	6	MUST HAVE BEEN A DREAM -- MUST HAVE BEEN A DREAM -- But it had really happened .
tr	6	Missy and Kevin were in luck .
tr	6	" Leonard and I owe you an apology , " Grace said after a moment .
tr	6	A cop car 's siren wails and flashing red , blue , and white lights cut through the darkness .
tr	7	Adele blew a lock of hair back from her face .
tr	9	Joe had no time to react and he was just too worn out .
tr	11	Samuel only knew it was hard to see .
tr	5	Inside the room was a long desk or work counter .
tr	9	" You know , Josie , if you 're scared , I could keep you company tonight . "
tr	7	Maybe the shapeshifter could take forms without killing people ?
tr	8	" You look better with a shaved head , " Josie said , trying to smile .
tr	7	She held up a hand , there was a pop , and then the elk dropped to the ground , dead .
tr	8	Masked faces continued to swirl about us in a maelstrom of color and hue .
tr	7	Outside and only seconds after Katherine and Barbara , Calvin hauled himself into the van .
tr	6	From behind him Kevin chuckled .
tr	5	On the other hand , Zoey , Alexis and their group played all night .
tr	8	I couldn 't wait to leave .
tr	7	The crew knew their ship best , so Mac and Lynn didn 't offer suggestions .
tr	10	As it was , it would still take time to raise the water back to normal level .
tr	6	He is not an ordinary boy , but he is my boy . "
tr	7	" Let 's don 't do this here , " he said .
tr	11	" Hey , what do you say we get him a new mask ?
tr	5	" Charging Pulse Shield , " Warrior replies immediately .
tr	6	Drifting in the ocean current nearby was the Lady Jane Franklin .
tr	10	It 's still night , and I hear Gabe breathing the slow notes of sleep from his bed .
tr	9	Their antics that of thoughtless animals at first , the boy notes their movements gaining a sort of purpose .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	The Murano smells like blood .
tr	9	" Does any of this ever scare you ?
tr	10	During the short drive Tony had tried to talk to her .
tr	10	But there is to be no love under any circumstances ! "
tr	7	I might be a fool , he thought , but I know no other way .
tr	5	With the new Plague , even more heinous thoughts filled his consciousness .
tr	6	" That 's the idea , " began Uncle Jeff , but Ricky jumped in .
tr	8	What are you supposed to be ? "
tr	11	He was laughing about something and his eyes sparkled with mirth .
tr	11	I watched him run towards his mother , hugging her happy .
tr	6	" Yes , that would never happen , right ? "
tr	8	And then he looked down on the limp body of Black Scorpion .
tr	9	I remember saying in my mind , but again , I didn 't say " crap " .
tr	10	After midnight it 'll take away from Jimmy twice what it 's given him . "
tr	5	But he has , he isn 't and you 're not . "
tr	8	" So Jake said , ' All right , you wait here , ' and he closed the door .
tr	10	There 's lots to do in Great Yarmouth .
tr	6	Isaac shouted over the wind .
tr	6	During one such exchange , we nestled down by a shaded pond nearby .
tr	9	I want to kill them both .
tr	10	Folks along the route cheered as sirens began to blare .
tr	8	Where we are from we are mere tools and are treated as such . "
tr	8	" So , what the hell do we do now ? "
tr	5	" Miss Glory , " he addressed his newest companion .
tr	10	" I didn 't FORGET anything because I don 't have any money ! "
tr	10	Again , their rhythm synchronized as they came to an orgasmic scream , breathless with desire .
tr	9	The words came out louder than I 'd meant , but I couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	9	" We are very pleased to have you here . "
tr	9	Chapter 19 The Night Watchman Express er room seemed very empty that night as Miriam got ready for bed .
tr	9	" Don 't blame yourself for what happened .
tr	6	" Tori , please sit down , " Mr. Jonson said .
tr	11	Alejo 's head reeled but he managed to focus , fingers digging into the phone .
tr	6	For a few moments the harmless creatures of the night reasserted their dominance .
tr	10	Candice did not realize that Simon was awake and was closely observing her .
tr	7	" You 're right , of course , Dr. Colbert .
tr	7	The Author , his wife and two teenage children currently live 20 miles south of Raleigh , North Carolina .
tr	5	Over that time , Jin and Sky became good friends .
tr	10	" So who 's playing who ? "
tr	9	Dark enough to need headlights .
tr	10	There were parts of the transportation infrastructure that still required cars with wheels .
tr	9	' And isn 't the University of Zurich close to here ? '
tr	7	" We ran into a little problem , " I replied .
tr	10	He looked into my eyes , making me wanting him more and more .
tr	10	" Is it ... will it be more dangerous without Mr. Donovan ? "
tr	9	Lena slowed down so Connor could catch up .
tr	9	' Not if you 're a straight man but for me it was great .
tr	10	It 's common sense , and if you used your head you 'd know it better than I do .
tr	10	Are you ready to go ? "
tr	10	He stood at the top of the stairs looking out .
tr	10	They joined the lineup to get into the building .
tr	6	Suddenly , the troops completely formed up , the breeze died ominously down for a few moments .
tr	11	That said Calvin now sat at the back of the studio redundant and missing Katherine .
tr	9	' But , I 'll be going to the poly library every day . '
tr	10	Pete ran his fingers over the control pad , unlocking the control room door just before they reached it .
tr	9	I grabbed her chin with two fingers and lightly angled it to face me .
tr	6	An airlift to Chile or Argentina would take too long .
tr	8	He was shouting for help , but that stupid girl was just galloping her horse farther away .
tr	10	I had an address , but without knowing the city it was impossible to find my way .
tr	7	Daily necessities such as shaving utensils were still at hand and he put them to good use .
tr	8	He already had the cards set up on an overturned crate .
tr	10	Amy struggled knowing how difficult this conversation would be .
tr	5	So am I. By the way , you need a good wash . "
tr	7	" Good luck with that , " she responded .
tr	6	All of them nodded and looked at each other expectantly .
tr	7	You see , these were no ordinary logs and Jack and Joe Jack were no ordinary lumberjacks .
tr	6	" No , shortly after a dragon goes full-size , your dad takes them back to the castle .
tr	8	Jacob and Victoria looked at each other , shaking their heads in disbelief .
tr	10	He is loving and caring , everything you are as well .
tr	6	All three agents then rose slowly , robotically , to their feet .
tr	7	Her eyes clouded over for a moment , and then cleared again .
tr	10	" I am a specialist with a reputation as they say .
tr	6	And in the next second , she took a deep breath , then was out cold .
tr	6	" I am the Spell Wizard , " said the figure in the pointed hat .
tr	11	" It is only a curse if you believe it to be , " the big man rumbled .
tr	10	The only thing remaining was to negotiate a price for his services .
tr	10	' There are six including the two we specifically want .
tr	8	Then he continued , warming to his tale .
tr	5	As a salesman for a leading gutter sales and installation company . "
tr	5	And with her life span , even that wasn 't a safe bet .
tr	9	" Hi , I am finally taking my first holiday to visit family .
tr	8	" What are we gon na do ? "
tr	11	" And you look as though birds have taken up residence in your hair . "
tr	10	You didn 't see your face when you walked on the elevator . "
tr	7	Air and fluids shoot out the hole like a geyser as Lance screams .
tr	7	I left the fledgling spies and Malcolm behind , hurried across the courtyard , and grabbed a taxi .
tr	7	In front of him , at the foot of the ladder , a bloated body crumpled on the red earth .
tr	9	Mia tried not to start crying .
tr	7	My voice echoed in the large room but still sounded small and wimpy .
tr	8	" I think I do , " answered Brazen , taking a long draw off his cigarette .
tr	9	What if this is sanctioned at the highest level ?
tr	9	" We 'll have a look on the net after dinner , " Tim suggested .
tr	11	In his eyes the Tyrant is the only one who can save him from himself .
tr	8	What if the last bus out tonight left without them ?
tr	11	She felt the night creatures stop to watch her .
tr	8	' Ts gon na be fun . "
tr	5	' Go on , dear , answer the nice man . ' '
tr	10	Formerly submerged architecture now drains slowly , the buildings and walkways hemorrhaging sand now that gravity has returned to normal .
tr	7	" It 's a world catastrophe , Sarah , " he said .
tr	10	The Roosevelt Island was a splash of autumnal red and yellows against the dark waters of the Potomac River below .
tr	10	She seemed to be looking for something .
tr	9	By the time I decided to do something , I already had a large group to work with .
tr	7	He saw the murky outline of an island off to the northeast .
tr	9	" I could really use a shower and a change of clothes . "
tr	10	To one side , there appeared to be a long window overlooking the surrounding countryside .
tr	7	An inscrutable expression appeared on Victor 's face .
tr	9	I was ninety nine percent sure I knew who 'd done it .
tr	9	" Then she shall be furious at me , and you won 't starve tonight ! "
tr	7	Atticus whispered to himself as the truck drove away into the night .
tr	5	" Hello , Mr. Carson , " he responded , and Shelby blinked .
tr	9	Or , it will automatically copy any recordings from them while they were ' displaced . '
tr	8	All the agents started in fear , each taking a step back and nearly drawing their pistols .
tr	6	' Yes David , what is it ? '
tr	8	He had to stop this .
tr	8	She felt pity for him in some way she could not figure out to understand .
tr	10	I again remind you , this is not a quest to which you have been bound .
tr	9	Finally , after receiving the pleasant help of a passing merchant , we came to the home .
tr	7	" I was going to say -- without me . "
tr	5	" Yes I have , " said Miriam , heat rising .
tr	7	You 're a nice guy and all but I just don 't ... Got ta go Mike .
tr	10	" OK , I 'll help Abby with lighting the map , " Alex offered .
tr	8	The way Finn saw things , Brendan should be plenty worried about him .
tr	8	The traffic was lighter now at this time of night .
tr	8	The scene upon entering the flat would be seared on his brain .
tr	9	We could now take full advantage of the light breeze and I took the helm .
tr	7	" What the bloody hell is going on ? "
tr	9	He was not offended , and after all , it was time to eat .
tr	7	There was , suddenly , a very faint knock on the door .
tr	8	My unannounced passage through your land may well unsettle more than folks in your realm .
tr	9	" I didn 't want to rock the boat .
tr	10	She entered the stall and saw Donovan propped up against the far corner .
tr	7	" The thrusters are an easy addition , " he paused to sneeze .
tr	9	" So much my eyes wish they were still closed . "
tr	7	Her skin was hot , her body muscled , her molten core as tight and buttery as a teenage prom queen .
tr	9	Setting the precious document aside , he picked up the phone to call the company lawyer .
tr	7	She looked over her shoulder at Mack still asleep .
tr	9	You 've heard of the Medicis before , I 'm sure .
tr	11	' You 're part of what makes Saint Tropez great . '
tr	7	His eyes widened and understanding flashed across his face .
tr	5	" Um , " Tavi said , " almost certainly . "
tr	11	He would stay still and quiet until they said or did something .
tr	8	Forgot to mention it , eh ?
tr	11	I don 't move at all except that my grip on the book puts indents in both covers .
tr	10	The occasional rumble sounds in the distance , and the two explorers are filled with dread each and every time .
tr	8	If he agreed with the women on an issue , his vote would cancel the trio 's unity .
tr	9	Aria questions with agony , tears rolling down her cheeks .
tr	6	No , not the continuous gnawing of clocks , but the broader sweep , the thick brush strokes .
tr	9	The two young woman began to gasp for air .
tr	11	This happens to be one of them , I reckon . "
tr	6	See you at the campfire . "
tr	11	Are you willing to do that ? "
tr	10	I stopped fighting to be brave .
tr	7	She lifted one arm and wiped her nose on her sleeve .
tr	7	" You being looked after ? "
tr	9	We wrapped ourselves in heavy coats and continued until the silver clouds swallowed the sun .
tr	7	As they looked south , a curtain of light shimmered before them .
tr	6	Why had Dad let him in ?
tr	6	" Well there you go , then , " he says resting back on his chair , smiling .
tr	11	The dim light of the dark dimension 's sun reveals they 've emerged onto the temple 's rooftop .
tr	10	She turned to Chase and saw that his hair was still sopping wet .
tr	8	You can learn how everything works . "
tr	9	I can tell she is crying .
tr	11	Mana opened the door and coming in with some garments draped over one arm .
tr	8	21 Pierre was made the new Captain of the Contra O Vento .
tr	11	" The wounded will receive whatever immediate treatment is needed and then be flown to the location of your choosing . "
tr	6	" Robert you 're my brother , not my father . "
tr	8	So we 've learned absolutely nothing about it then ? "
tr	5	' The noble 's name was Balthazar Thorne . '
tr	8	Most greys stay south of here , lower in the valley . "
tr	8	He put out both arms to catch the pilot and co-pilot seats .
tr	7	Everyone else is up for a review process based on their criminal convictions and behavior as a prisoner .
tr	6	As Eve altered her trajectory to skirt the small crowd , her viewing angle changed .
tr	7	" For the pyramid thing , that jewel was shaped like a pyramid after all . "
tr	8	" And what 's the secret that she holds ? "
tr	5	" Stop , " wheezed a heavy voice , " stop , stop ! "
tr	11	A soporific calm descended as she settled into the slow tread of the gallery viewer .
tr	8	He leaned forward a bit , lowering his voice in mock conspiracy .
tr	9	The smell of bat excrement made me feel positively sick .
tr	11	Do you think she did ? "
tr	9	I shook my head and signalled her to rotate it a further 45 degree .
tr	7	He pushed at the ocean waves with his one oar , cursing to himself .
tr	6	A single vent in the ceiling provided the only breeze , and a frigid one at that .
tr	5	" Besides , nowadays the whole world is a shooting range . "
tr	6	I 'll find the bedroom .
tr	9	The impact tore the tree up by the roots and must have dashed the brains from the misshapen skull .
tr	9	The water would fall from a ledge and then collect there , forming a deep pool .
tr	9	I continue walking saying nothing .
tr	10	He had finally used Scotch tape to hold it in place .
tr	9	I can hear screams and shouts .
tr	8	It was still dark , the night sounds coming through the open shutters .
tr	7	In terms you 'd understand , that 's two thirds of a toasted cheese sandwich . "
tr	10	It would be night in a couple of hours .
tr	7	The men disappeared inside , and Riki and Neil were left alone .
tr	5	And God bless you too . "
tr	9	He took the helpless creature by the throat and lifted him from the ground with his powerful right arm .
tr	11	The physical labor had helped him get back into the best shape of his life .
tr	5	" Standby , 532 , " the dispatcher advised .
tr	10	When they saw where they were headed , men stopped peering after her and went about their business hastily .
tr	8	Andrews was a large airfield and the base commander , an old friend of Bob Mathew 's .
tr	10	Casting suspicious glances at the water , and blushing like the sun , of course , Elaina complied .
tr	10	Turning to Sarah , he saw at a glance that she was as confused as he .
tr	9	We haven 't been out here that long . "
tr	8	The people , the immigrants started talking in their own languages .
tr	9	" Now why do you think you are here ? "
tr	5	Besides , three months isn 't exactly a long time . "
tr	7	Cautiously holding the poisoned pike away from her , she thrust her head through the branches and addressed the monster .
tr	8	Actually , I thought it would , but not so soon .
tr	7	He frowned as he spoke .
tr	8	He eventually made his way out from under the sand and shook off his towel .
tr	7	With shaking hands , I lift the latch on the backseat and pull it down just a little .
tr	6	" But still , won 't you tell me ? "
tr	5	A heated pool ; the latest equipment ; outdoor and indoor track ; breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
tr	7	A piece of skin and hair were also obtained and placed on microscope slides . "
tr	8	Something strange happened last night , and Miss Cantwell was part of it . "
tr	11	Her heart beat faster , so she sighed to calm her mind and keep from blinking .
tr	8	Instead of being nervous and uncertain about his approach , they now were relaxed and eager .
tr	7	I can kiss her all I want .
tr	9	So as to save on slaves .
tr	8	It was the giant 's turn to attack .
tr	6	Scattered around the cavernous room were wooden storage boxes , metal railings and boulders .
tr	11	With supreme effort he opened his eyes to find himself looking up into a distraught face .
tr	6	' I need a computer , ' she said briskly .
tr	6	Eventually the women ceased their chatter and , with many cheery farewells , the customer left .
tr	8	Because every place in Paris has a history .
tr	11	I expect one of your people got a little carried away again .
tr	6	And as you requested , I read the words at his graveside . '
tr	10	" You won 't let me use it in speeches , " Parnell retorted in a long-suffering tone .
tr	9	The Prince shook his head to clear the treasonous thoughts .
tr	8	Now return to your task at once . "
tr	6	If you didn 't , the result could be disastrous .
tr	11	Joe was still standing exactly where he Ted had seen him last .
tr	9	It was trying to gobble us up . "
tr	8	The guard , trembling , pointed to a wooden closet door in the corner of the room .
tr	7	Picturing the odd man again , a shiver crept down his spine and he quickly shook the memory from his head .
tr	8	Her voice was loud , and everyone stopped to stare .
tr	11	Are you really going to multiply your fishes to feed the masses ?
tr	9	You know what that makes me , Bloor ?
tr	8	He scrambled to pull up his rifle .
tr	6	" I 'm not your girl , Jimmy , " Josie said .
tr	9	" This afternoon I saw the e-mail sent to me by Simon .
tr	7	Not now but within a few days we would be attending her funeral .
tr	5	" That was tap water .
tr	11	Figure out what 's going to happen next . "
tr	10	They sat there quietly for a few minutes munching on their lunch and staring across the water .
tr	9	The same equipment will be there to continue mining . "
tr	9	She realised he had been crying .
tr	10	He promptly grabbed the sniper rifle and threw it onto the ground next to Gerry .
tr	6	" They became the other dominate life form on the planet . "
tr	10	could be said to have deserved .
tr	9	They will only find out that I was here .
tr	9	Drew went on , " Have you heard of a café called Le Belle Francais ? "
tr	8	Beside those were sheets of rigid foam insulation and sacks of cement .
tr	10	Have you ever been to the Middle East and seen how they live ? "
tr	9	I looked away from his probing gaze and stared blindly at the dark tower at the end of the avenue .
tr	11	" I should have let the teachers confiscate you , " hissed Bryony .
tr	10	She seemed to be listening to something .
tr	6	Why could Rupert not see this ?
tr	8	There was nothing else to be done .
tr	7	He felt the force of the blow reverberate up the handle , and into his wrists .
tr	5	Then we go down the Shore , yo ? "
tr	10	They 're going to start screaming !
tr	10	Jimmy was thrown with it , landing with a roll before it completely collapsed .
tr	7	Before the ceremony he approached Reggie and gave him the other quote he carried with him everywhere .
tr	7	I glanced at him and started the engine .
tr	5	" So Vampires sucking blood comes from ... ? "
tr	8	He scrambled to his feet as quickly as possible and ran .
tr	7	I poured the water through the bars into the bowl and then I poked the raw leg in between .
tr	10	I was thankful we 'd left that behind .
tr	10	" Rift , " Zelda pleads , looking right past her charging hero to the figure standing in the doorway .
tr	10	I can 't believe you kept her from us . '
tr	10	I 'll work a plan to build out his capabilities .
tr	11	" I do believe you have grown !
tr	11	He knew he needed help , but from where ?
tr	9	As soon as the sickly smell hit Alexa 's nose , the poor girl struggled even harder .
tr	8	Then and there and she knew , returning with a positive answer .
tr	10	He hates that I 'm doing the mission thing with them now .
tr	11	I figure that took a long time to build up .
tr	10	After a moment , he turned over and sat up on his elbows to stare across at Chris .
tr	9	" ... need you to concentrate ... how many shots ? "
tr	6	To them it means no more competition , safe government partnerships , cheap labor , guaranteed profits and easy money .
tr	5	" Five minutes , at least , " Mrs. Byrne replied helpfully .
tr	10	I 'm going to pinch myself and wake up . "
tr	9	She estimated that she was about fifteen minutes from the cottage .
tr	11	" I guess that depends on how helpful you are . "
tr	7	Watching him , we took off down the nearest hall , this one leading west .
tr	10	She had been on her third glass when the policeman knocked on her door .
tr	8	Our spirit of unity is what sets us apart .
tr	8	" Is this where you went in , Ricky ? "
tr	11	We need to leave now before things get worse . "
tr	5	" So , the dead guy got the last laugh , almost . "
tr	5	" The problem there , for human designers , is , ah , obvious .
tr	8	I want a hot shower and a mug of Earl Grey . "
tr	8	" Fuck it , " said an obviously drunk Mark , " Just try . "
tr	9	" You could say it was an adventure . "
tr	9	I had only just left the house when a carriage raced up .
tr	5	The motel room gave the word " common " a whole new meaning .
tr	8	" OK , that 's enough , T , " Rick interrupted and the display reset quickly back to 1941 .
tr	8	She possessed and exuded a kind of unearthly beauty .
tr	6	Shara and Cho , less belligerent , padded along behind him .
tr	7	She swiveled her head and looked at him .
tr	8	He makes a bicep for Keira and kisses it .
tr	8	The Boeing 757 touched down at Shannon Airport outside of Limerick in early September 2011 .
tr	5	Not quite the good little missionary girl you might expect . "
tr	7	" Ten minutes to release altitude , " said Bob Mathews over the intercom fifty minutes later .
tr	8	I guess three was the limit .
tr	5	" Apollo , as the sun god , your blood is incredibly strong .
tr	8	They had to go together .
tr	8	With a slight limp , I walked the perimeter of the Eiffel , searching for Malcolm .
tr	6	All around us , the old , dry tinder of the meetinghouse flared immediately into a conflagration .
tr	7	" Minus 60 degrees on my temperature gauge , same as in the command module , " VIN said .
tr	7	' Hey , let 's not forget the puny mortals , shall we ? '
tr	8	my friend is dead , gunned down when we arrived there .
tr	7	An orphaned wheel off a child 's bicycle fit his bill perfectly .
tr	8	" Thank you for coming , " he said to me , I smiled and nodded in response .
tr	11	The rumble of horses ' hooves was only audible to the sharpest of ears in the forest .
tr	7	A jogger ... ... no , more of a runner went past him .
tr	10	Roberto did not comment but poured all the glasses and sat back , taking a sip of his own .
tr	6	I traded her , " she grinned triumphantly .
tr	5	And , then , gently , patiently , he began all over again .
tr	8	The mountain man stayed where he was , standing motionless by the lagoon .
tr	7	" Do you remember this ? "
tr	9	She had to admit she wanted more than just this .
tr	6	Grow up get a normal job and life , marry and have babies . "
tr	5	Average height , average brown hair , average gray eyes , average looks .
tr	6	The road north and south was unmade and often unusable ... .
tr	8	" So , what were we cooking here , Professor ? "
tr	6	" You did splendidly ; enjoy your rest , good boy . "
tr	5	" Crude , but effective , " Kaylie concurred .
tr	8	This is hardly the time or the place for such formalities . "
tr	11	He was ' the traveler ' , the only one by which news of the outside ever reached their lands .
tr	8	Soon , we will reach our new home in California 's Sierra mountains .
tr	8	He whispered in her ear , " Don 't worry , I 'll be fine . "
tr	10	The State responded very quickly by sending in riot squads and arresting the ringleaders .
tr	6	Rafe nodded toward Lord Brogan .
tr	6	The other children , Brother Henry and his sisters , Elizabeth and Anne , felt no such problem .
tr	6	" Colonel , may we speak in private ? "
tr	9	And , indeed , though they had a great advantage of numbers , the mercenaries looked terrified .
tr	10	I pick up the single rose , grinning .
tr	7	The Old Wizard let out a sigh and hurriedly gathered all the ancient books on the ledge .
tr	7	I paid more attention to the road signs and saw many cautioning signs for deer crossings .
tr	9	" Listen , my good man , you 've got hold of the wrong people , " Simon said confidently .
tr	7	She said , " He says so . "
tr	9	She wanted to think about it tomorrow .
tr	9	What was wrong with me !
tr	5	He , as well as Joe , had miscalculated .
tr	6	" You 're able but not willing , and Houston 's willing but not able . "
tr	6	" Hey , I 'm sorry , but I really needed that water . "
tr	8	Was call New York , so much originality for a name .
tr	7	" Come on out , kid , " Navi calls , irritated by the insufferable adolescent .
tr	8	" Just listen to me for a minute , Theodosia , " he said .
tr	5	Some paper - letters maybe - a few rings and other plain jewellery .
tr	5	' In your dreams sunshine ' I finished with .
tr	10	He left quietly , but we feared what the man would do next .
tr	8	" If we had not been there that night , his son would live still .
tr	6	Anything you can tell me .
tr	6	His gaze alighted on the bottle on the table .
tr	6	" Sedona , " Gabe calls out a few minutes later .
tr	7	Most droned in unison , but a few lonely voices added harmony here and there about the room .
tr	6	" I only discovered the truth yesterday , " said his head with a big sigh .
tr	9	Anatole lay heavily against him ; the immortal had turned an ashen colour and was bleeding profusely from his wounds .
tr	11	The boy seemed to think on this for long time .
tr	10	They would have shouted and argued and then they would have felt badly and apologised to each other .
tr	5	" By the way , you owe me an axe . "
tr	8	Not many , but he was thankful for them all .
tr	6	" Sphinx , follow me , " I thought to the three hundred warriors .
tr	10	The gist of the conversation seemed to be about the band 's inlay card .
tr	9	" Are you sure that 's a good idea ? "
tr	7	" It reminds me of easier times . "
tr	8	Navi shouts , appalled by the admission .
tr	10	Are we talking Joan of Arc here ? "
tr	6	" But you are the greater fool here , whore - " " Shut up , " Damen gritted out .
tr	7	I stepped back , raised my leg and kicked sharply at the lock .
tr	8	" Don 't you know how Gifted you are , my child ? "
tr	9	Turning , she saw four uniformed men burst through the door to her rear .
tr	6	His tone , cold and detached , threw the words like a sharp slap across my face .
tr	5	" Just look , " said Tim a little too loud .
tr	8	There , lying before him were four swords , each with a special marking and all instantly recognizable .
tr	10	" Wonder if she has any middle names -- Gaga or Lala or whatever it is ? "
tr	10	They waited several tense seconds before she rang again and added several loud pounds on the large , wooden double doors .
tr	10	That was an opportunity he could not pass up .
tr	10	Because he had to be careful .
tr	7	I flinch , and he catches my eyes , shakes his head .
tr	9	I just happened to read about this particular helicopter not very long ago .
tr	8	" Old Walking Stick , " George repeated , through a mouthful of bun .
tr	7	" What did you learn from this paper ? "
tr	6	" Dragon scales , we must find a healer ! "
tr	6	" The last fix put us within two hundred miles off the Cook Straits .
tr	5	" Just an inside joke , " he explained .
tr	10	cried Ben who was already in full flight .
tr	7	She pulled her bag up from the foot well and climbed to her feet .
tr	9	VIN and Suzi found a quiet area to sit together and finish their umpteenth beers .
tr	8	" Think how proud your father would be ! "
tr	7	I paused beneath the ladder and gazed at the cat .
tr	9	" I was talking about the government closing the island down . "
tr	9	" This is that thing the pedicure people use , " I say rubbing my fingers across the stone .
tr	10	Eventually I had to head out into the mountains and find my cave . "
tr	7	That 's about it , " Chris answered .
tr	11	" I don 't kill unless I have to , remember ?
tr	7	He counted to twenty , took a deep breath , and checked once more .
tr	6	No witty or unhelpful comments , no ideas , no words of support , no nothing .
tr	7	" Were not you ? "
tr	8	" ' She became headmistress and mysteriously died after the first generation graduated .
tr	11	VIN was pretty shocked at what Ryan had just told them .
tr	9	We will have another meeting with you , and her production crew in a week .
tr	9	He found nothing but a couple of pens in the pocket on the pilot 's sleeve .
tr	8	All of this made me a typical depiction of my people .
tr	8	" You were saying ' Gabriel , take my hand .
tr	6	" By Jesus , " he said , " top o ' the mornin ' to you , too . "
tr	8	Heck , ninety-nine percent of the people in the world got the short end of the stick there .
tr	8	Some had already lowered their masks , and the effect was disturbing in the torchlight .
tr	6	What kind of wood is it made of ? "
tr	8	Now I learn what his shame looks like .
tr	8	" Not just any pajamas ... " I unfold the shirt and cry out in horror .
tr	6	" Because , O High Shaykh , my mother , God shelter her soul , pledged me to it . "
tr	11	It had fallen out of the top of Anna 's hospital gown and lay against her chest .
tr	11	" And I 'm not going to have a hand in yours , either ! "
tr	7	" Been working out ? "
tr	10	A single solitary Trojan was menacing enough ; en masse they were nerve jangling .
tr	10	one of the best things about cruising without any time limitations .
tr	7	* * * Danny left Amy with his mum and dragged the band onto the muggy street for a bonding session .
tr	8	Captain 's in total command when in pursuit of a prize .
tr	11	" Are you qualified to operate that station ? "
tr	6	But the other side of the hull was remarkably intact .
tr	6	I lined up my rifle sights , ignored his next shot , and squeezed the trigger .
tr	8	That 's where you come in . "
tr	9	And no desire to establish any .
tr	11	Because you are getting in the way of our purpose .
tr	9	We 're going to be civilized and businesslike .
tr	11	The CDC team is going to set up a quarantine area around those rooms .
tr	9	" One more thing friends and neighbors , and I will retire from you in every sense of the word . "
tr	7	Stepping into the ring he eyed his opponent .
tr	7	she asked , instead of answering .
tr	10	" You 're gon na break it , " Jodie apologized and bent down to pick it up .
tr	11	I found his apartment , but it appears that he has just left for two weeks . "
tr	11	" So you 've no idea where she is or when she 's coming back ? "
tr	8	" I need help , I need The Seven , " Tori thought as she left the bathroom .
tr	5	Apparently , hiding her eyes .
tr	10	A part of me trusted him , trusted the nice boy who planned picnics and wanted me to be safe .
tr	5	" Yes , it is , " she answered calmly .
tr	7	" And what of you , Colonel ? "
tr	7	It was tall ; conveniently the perfect height for Minister Drake .
tr	8	" You know , I really wish to see him .
tr	8	It also said police suspected arson attacks .
tr	9	He drew the large hunting knife out of the back of his belt and charged the cars .
tr	6	" Hey , " Kevin said , " Can I borrow your Swiss army knife a second ? "
tr	6	" You 're crazy , " he said .
tr	6	He and my mother are inseparable , even to this day . "
tr	11	Cade could admit he had underestimated her -- suspicion was a wise policy .
tr	7	Conversation grew stilted and people 's nerves were on edge .
tr	7	Escape was my only option ... Chapter Eight Crystal Crier carried Soul across the water to the land .
tr	9	It held a lot of memories for me .
tr	10	We are here to discuss the terms of our surrender .
tr	8	Her large eyes were also glistening , though she resolutely blinked the tears away .
tr	6	" Sounding so Bolivian , and looking it too .
tr	8	His dad 's presence made the world feel a safer place .
tr	10	My gaze turned towards the space known as Milky Way and that was when I first noticed highly chaotic anomalies .
tr	7	Standards had slipped , he 'd ranted , and the acting head teacher was responsible .
tr	8	Elaina smiled weakly at his hopeful expression , thinking of her difficulties with stone .
tr	7	The chick hopped out from the clock onto the ledge , its yellow feathers gleaming in the sunlight .
tr	9	I 've got more than a dozen years before I see one hundred .
tr	10	All we had to do was get there .
tr	6	In her forehead a third eye appears briefly , flashes then vanishes suddenly .
tr	8	Abbey watched him walk away .
tr	5	Her bright blonde hair , plum shirt , and pale , pink skirt .
tr	8	Although Candice was always in good spirits , her fading health was becoming more noticeable each day .
tr	7	He took a long sip of coffee .
tr	6	But the moment he saw me , he wrapped me in his arms .
tr	11	They would like to keep this as low-key as possible . '
tr	8	' Twenty years later the family got involved with the American company Timken and bought into it .
tr	10	The humans rose up against him when his appetite for power , and hearts , became too great .
tr	9	Collecting themselves , the brothers rose and bowed their affirmation like a matched pair of horses .
tr	7	" Our first foursome of the day found him , " said the pro .
tr	9	The second shuttle was still being readied for its deployment into space , and its cargo was due in from Turkey .
tr	6	All put together , the flowers were beautiful , vibrant , and striking , just like Sebastian .
tr	8	The dirty unkempt man nearest the stove stood slowly with a cunning look on his face .
tr	10	He had come home on leave after completing his basic training as a Paratrooper .
tr	6	" And of course , your sweetheart ... my dear cousin 's son ... " Riddell 's smile turned feral .
tr	8	Chapter 6 Do We Have a Job ?
tr	6	After half an hour , her platinum hair was tangled and brown , and we were both filthy and panting .
tr	9	He ran to a window , leaning out and sucking in the fresh air .
tr	8	The eagle looked away and let out a disturbing caw towards its original direction .
tr	8	" Dear God in Heaven , how do you know that ? "
tr	7	Lynn took two steps forward and then she heard it : a whirring , mechanical noise .
tr	5	" Yes , but Chalky and I fought a war together .
tr	8	Everyone was enjoying the beautiful scene before them and relaxed into their fate .
tr	10	It was their mark that they were close to the landing spot .
tr	6	" Well now I did , " he responded in one quick glare at me .
tr	6	They enter from a different direction to the rest .
tr	10	I knew they were talking about me .
tr	8	" I think it 's great .
tr	6	Arterial spray and bloody handprints decorated the dingy blue walls , and on the floor there were dark pools .
tr	9	" Remember when you won that chess game against Bartleby Minor ? "
tr	6	" The same thing that always happens , at least in the beginning anyway .
tr	8	Our blades clashed again and again , sparks rising from the gleaming steel edges .
tr	7	He had a plan , a bloody , wonderful plan .
tr	6	The shapeshifter emerged from the hole in the wall .
tr	7	Cobb had continued his nattering throughout their voyage .
tr	10	He 's got to be careful , you know . "
tr	7	So this is how things stand .
tr	10	Ben 's heart contracted looking at the expression on her face .
tr	6	I righted the car , crossed a lane and overtook a truck .
tr	5	" Just so , your grace , " said the little man .
tr	11	" OK , " a resigned Kaylie asked , " so what do we need to do then ? "
tr	7	The best misdirection always had a grain of truth in it .
tr	9	There are other things to live for .
tr	8	The second was just like the first , but in the third one there were also a number of cloth bags .
tr	8	Her voice goes all soft and dangerous when she is angry .
tr	8	You think muscle is might .
tr	10	This world seemed to be complex rather than simple .
tr	7	And if Water is not your strong suit that would make it harder , too .
tr	7	He placed the light in the bag and sealed it , then stripped to his shorts .
tr	8	Eventually , they had thought up a device to help .
tr	5	Reasoning , Endurance , Quick , Strength , Will , and Foresight .
tr	11	We 've got to get to higher ground , Doc .
tr	6	" These people are disrupting the Extravaganza .
tr	8	All I could see was the red stain , spreading , growing .
tr	7	No one directed the path of their life absolutely .
tr	8	The eggs , " he mumbles through a mouthful of food .
tr	6	" Oh there 's a pizza place , " Tori quickly changed the subject .
tr	9	" Is it very important to get this ring back ? "
tr	7	You 'd only break your steel on her scales .
tr	7	I closed all the doors and immediately filled the room with smoke .
tr	8	Two miles later , the trees started to thin out .
tr	8	Chapter 24 Conway 's vantage point at the tail of the column allowed him to watch the others .
tr	5	Now it was the rainy season .
tr	10	April could still have a bite in the air this time of day .
tr	7	He held up a mailed fist and the Imperial army behind him halted .
tr	9	David handed Sarah the reins of the big bay named Dan .
tr	6	That was definitely him asking , right John ?
tr	7	" Yeah , why the hell not ? "
tr	9	I waved my hands to indicate the building around us .
tr	11	She tried to tell herself that it made sense .
tr	7	" You didn 't finish your story , " I say to Gabe .
tr	11	The moonlight was not bright enough through the canopy , but she could see that the young girl was in distress .
tr	9	" You 've got to lay down ! "
tr	7	He unlocked a door , stepped inside the room beyond and murmured something to the guards .
tr	9	Who knew they were friends ?
tr	11	" I think we 're fine for the time being , " said Jennie .
tr	9	He sat down gently on the edge of her bed and took her hand .
tr	8	" Well why does the one I like have to be ? "
tr	10	Chris turned away while she continued her rant and stared out at the ocean .
tr	9	What do you know about the village of the Yellow Leaf ? "
tr	5	" Is that not so , Miriam ? "
tr	10	I just have it on very good authority that Lovelock 's the man . "
tr	10	From his perch on the rear of Kendall 's truck , Logan decided to join in .
tr	9	He did not fit in and had few friends , apart from Tim .
tr	9	But cities aren 't houses are they ?
tr	8	" Victoria , " said Ben , " contact Toby and 007 , we need them now . "
tr	7	Vision did not extend beyond that ring .
tr	9	She never thought that guy had a younger sister as attractive as him .
tr	7	Lucifer grinned at him , and the portal behind simultaneously changed color from almost clear to an angry red .
tr	10	" That is not what they wanted to hear , obviously .
tr	10	I ran through these splotches and knelt down by Logan , the warm fibers of the carpet brushing my fingers .
tr	6	He is very sly and very dangerous .
tr	10	Everything we 've manufactured so far has a known limit , but the organisms are simulating natural neural networks . "
tr	7	Then he dressed in his work shorts , a cotton shirt and his slouch hat .
tr	8	Aria , Maya and Jason emerge from Warrior 's interior and walk briskly down the transparent docking tube .
tr	7	The man had come from nowhere .
tr	5	" No , Rafe , not between us . "
tr	9	Gan took Jones to look for firewood .
tr	7	" That 's not fair -- it 's just across the street ! "
tr	9	" It is an expression ; what it means is fighting without morals or obeying any rules .
tr	8	I want to hear enthusiasm . "
tr	6	" During her pregnancy , she always had to ... well ... you know . "
tr	8	Eva pushed me aside , replacing me at the window .
tr	9	The faint , red glow of the liquid combined with the dark walkways make the room seem hellish at first glance .
tr	10	The hermit had smelled it once before , right after his Skill manifest .
tr	10	Claude said , " Who you know be more important din any piece of paper nowadays . "
tr	11	" We will be within a hundred miles of the station in twenty minutes .
tr	7	Look ... enough of that .
tr	8	He said , " My first job in the rebuilding of my country -- disposing of its dead . "
tr	9	So I suppose my membership in the organization has been canceled . "
tr	10	It was a lot easier to climb than the spiral stairs and she scampered up them easily .
tr	6	Start walking , this is a road , " she pulled her husband forward .
tr	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	10	" I see , and I assume the T1 is a very powerful explosive device ? "
tr	8	She 's spent an eternity overthinking things .
tr	9	" Oh no , " Lilly Ann protested , " I only joke about really important stuff .
tr	9	He felt around blindly with his hands , feeling for something , anything , where she had been .
tr	7	" Must be getting old , " he said to the big man with a reluctant smile .
tr	10	Layla ran down the rocky path that led away from the Lodge .
tr	11	The bad news was that they were literally trading ship for ship .
tr	11	The distant boom of waves crashing into the rocks hundreds of feet below was the only noise that reached us .
tr	6	" What have you chosen , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	6	As they moved , a circle of light , like a spotlight , moved with them .
tr	10	That wasn 't going to happen for a while , perhaps never .
tr	11	I decide to suit up and give Taylor a hand checking the samples .
tr	11	As they got closer , Andy was starting to make sense of the chaotic scene .
tr	10	He did want to pounce .
tr	7	To the right , a thick parapet overlooked a dark courtyard a hundred feet below .
tr	8	You 're not quite as stupid as you look . "
tr	7	He took the man by the hand and put him on his shoulders .
tr	7	Any resemblance to actual persons , living , dead , or undead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	5	" Stop , " Mom said and glared at her brother .
tr	7	He picked at his fingernails and glanced at me .
tr	9	They ran across the beach and ducked into the woods out of her sight .
tr	8	The knockout force attack flies just past the ninja 's head with an audible whoosh as the Goddess vanishes .
tr	8	No wonder he looked so appalled .
tr	11	" I guess that would be a little suspicious looking " George murmured .
tr	7	I wanted to run . "
tr	9	" Duct tape makes this little lady much more tolerable to be around .
tr	7	The two guys peered into the truck , expressions grim .
tr	7	" Anything to report ? "
tr	8	Mike sat strapped to his chair , sipping water from a plastic bladder .
tr	7	Simon shouted again , standing up .
tr	6	I picked up my phone and sure enough , the numbers read ten fifteen .
tr	10	There was a fleeting moment of weightlessness before I crashed through a window and landed on my side on rough concrete .
tr	6	" She 's got it .
tr	8	All the while Rafe continued to pace , noticing her silence and the deadened look in her eyes .
tr	11	Sampson stared at him for a long moment absorbing all that Ethan had said .
tr	10	Most took it with calm resolve , but several seemed keen to set out right away .
tr	10	They 'll send back the toxicology report when they 're done .
tr	10	That 's where his family liked to congregate .
tr	7	He lifted the egg to his ear , cast Matthew a skeptical look , and listened .
tr	7	He growled and pushed me away in disgust .
tr	7	She looked into his eyes , said a few strange words , and placed her hand on his head .
tr	7	Went to bed that night .
tr	7	Hundreds of ravens circled in the gloomy haze above the towers , and dark murky clouds hung low in the sky .
tr	6	" Relax , kid , " the lab tech says , his voice muffled by the glass .
tr	9	His mouth filled with salt water the further out I dragged him .
tr	11	The portico narrowed towards a wide door , which the boy swung open with ease .
tr	9	" No Sir , it 's the lot of a man in service .
tr	9	" I 've had cause not to trust people recently . "
tr	6	White and black by day , light and dark by night , the shutters stopped only for fog and snow .
tr	11	Anything to get him to leave , even the truth !
tr	9	' We need to call in some favours .
tr	10	" I promise I will not lay a hand on him . "
tr	5	" Adele , is something amiss ? "
tr	6	The tales down the years lay the path upon my feet . "
tr	9	The only difference for me unlike everyone else was I was still alive after .
tr	6	" My Mom is Hopi , " he explained to the group .
tr	10	The Dark Powers are Unmasked The starship did not fly very high .
tr	7	Harold stopped talking and looked around .
tr	7	Friedrich 's tone was tense over the earpiece .
tr	11	' Are you suggesting I should simply tell myself I 'm a rock star now ? '
tr	6	The tower of pastries wobbled a bit .
tr	9	It had been several days since he had eaten .
tr	8	" You are over the Azores and half a second in front of your estimated time .
tr	8	The next village is days away by foot -- " " We 're with our father ! "
tr	10	Agitation churned in his stomach , and his hand moved to grip his sword in a clammy grasp .
tr	9	For things to get better .
tr	8	Straining his ears , he heard the tiny crackle and pop as the chips melted .
tr	11	He can 't get down in there far enough to get to the boot . "
tr	11	The chamber was beautifully furnished with large floor pillows and fine rugs that covered the marble floor .
tr	8	The loud and terrible voices came from the front of the house .
tr	9	Kaylie suddenly asked , forgetting where she was .
tr	7	I put my hand on his arm , and he doesn 't flinch .
tr	10	I was thinking about the Tin Can Café special ? "
tr	7	He wasn 't knocked over , but it was a near thing .
tr	9	It makes no sense that the chain would be involved . "
tr	6	" Jesus Christ , Layla ... " I opened my mouth , but nothing came out .
tr	10	There are many cases when robots marry good people with excellent positive energy levels .
tr	7	Abby said , being amazed .
tr	11	Obviously , they were all afraid that he would try to escape .
tr	7	" I guess so , " they both answered at the same time and burst into laughter .
tr	10	" There 's nothing I need in here .
tr	8	Within a few paces , the mess tent vanished into the snow behind him , leaving him alone on the ice .
tr	10	Nathan covered his mouth with a wet bandanna and walked upstairs and outside with the shotgun ready before him .
tr	10	It was now winter in Bolivia , leaving him an hour before sundown to sit out here and think .
tr	11	My mind wandered during the times without electricity and I started imagining that we were all alone .
tr	6	" Good , like , powerful , or good , like , not evil ? "
tr	11	Brightness wasn 't usually to be expected of Solstice .
tr	9	Heading to the tracks with the horses , Cade moved through the crowd in silence and was grateful for the anonymity .
tr	5	And it 's stepmother . "
tr	8	" The dear departed , if you prefer , " Falconer said sardonically .
tr	11	Rand knew that Adele thought him to be Finan .
tr	6	† † † April 18 , 1624 Today I held my son in my arms for the first time .
tr	10	I heard from a friend of a friend of a friend that the military appeared minutes after it happened .
tr	9	Everyone in our line of work knew what happened to the late Kirkham brothers .
tr	9	He 'd heard that name before , spoken by a crazy man .
tr	5	" And who am I addressing ? "
tr	7	Kate on the other hand she saw quite regularly ... even now .
tr	8	She barely regarded him from the corner of an amber eye , fixing him with a cold stare .
tr	7	She remained amazed by my attitude .
tr	8	Neil jumped when he saw her .
tr	7	So , we went back inside the honky-tonk nightclub and ... " Nat ? "
tr	11	His long nose has turned upward and shortened above his sharpened teeth , clamped like a livid vise .
tr	10	When it came up with a snake in its mouth Scott 's eyes shot to full width .
tr	8	The fire was warm with a soft glow as they all settled in .
tr	6	' All the big ones hereabouts have their own favorite pools , ' another old fisherman explained .
tr	9	And all this was going on right above the Earth .
tr	8	She must have touched the boy , too .
tr	6	" No , but I 'm a predator , and like most vampires , I also enjoy the hunt . "
tr	11	I assume the timing was just to be spiteful .
tr	6	To his left Ajax made a choking sound and reeled away up the tunnel .
tr	6	Rupert really did make strong coffee .
tr	9	There was a loud clatter of metal , and then the shackles fell away , and the Prince was free .
tr	8	I look forward to the day I can hold you again ; look upon your face .
tr	10	A young man in uniform cowered under a table next to him ; he looked to be about eighteen .
tr	8	" Let me look at that leg . "
tr	10	' He seemed more ordinary off stage didn 't he ? '
tr	9	I had forgotten he was even there .
tr	9	" Seems the men decided it was time fer a new captain .
tr	10	" Sunrise will start before we know it " she whispered .
tr	8	Her eyes refocused as did his .
tr	10	Hopefully we will have found the Falcon and left this place long before she comes of age .
tr	9	But she simply gave him his change and went back to looking bored .
tr	11	Dusty wine racks lined the floor in even rows that extended to a low ceiling .
tr	6	Mark calmly wiped his mouth with a napkin .
tr	9	Maybe now that she 's being hunted she understands .
tr	10	We don 't even know if she 's in any danger . "
tr	9	Here he was making all of the arguments she had made last night .
tr	11	I would advise the two of you not to drink it that way .
tr	11	She became enraged , crying , " You don 't even care about her !
tr	7	" Confirm to your boss I 've got Alexa , " I commanded .
tr	9	By that time , rounds from the fleet were almost on top of the enemy and she raised her shields .
tr	11	Jared watched , uncertain of what would happen .
tr	11	Do you want to go ? "
tr	10	The water skews the world , disrupting the normal smells , blanketing the sounds of the forest .
tr	11	Her skin felt raw , like it had been scrubbed with wire wool .
tr	7	Taylor turned the plane back towards the airfield and set it straight and level .
tr	9	On their way out of the dining room they had each sneakily made off with a handful of little ketchup packets .
tr	7	' But as I say , a Sheriff has a nose , and there was something off . '
tr	7	He has eluded us to this point . "
tr	8	Callahan lay on the flat gravel roof of a small warehouse further down the street from his own .
tr	6	The trees are mostly orange , mirrored on the water , but at least they look wet , not dusty .
tr	8	" You most certainly do look different in a dress , " he greeted her with a smile .
tr	10	The Warrior Ants were always around , scouting for fresh sources of food .
tr	10	A meeting was held two days after the inaugural meeting as had been agreed .
tr	8	The torch still gave enough light for him to see .
tr	8	It 's been there almost a year now , just south of Tonopah .
tr	9	His father , still at Dyess , pleaded with the Air Force military police to return his boy to Andrews .
tr	9	Hungry bellies and religious fervor prevailed as war erupted in the Middle East .
tr	8	I thought it was all a sightseeing tour .
tr	6	" I am not a lady , " Hilda said .
tr	9	Is good to see you ! "
tr	10	Mr. Brave is clinging onto the mesh with his front paws and pushing his nose through the wire .
tr	10	Are you checking on Candice or me ? "
tr	7	Dale , the squad leader , radios to a helicopter co-pilot , " You better hurry ! "
tr	9	He mentally visualized the second and third order effects of turning off the power .
tr	11	We will have enough problems as it is with the land itself .
tr	8	Hell , when she was a lieutenant they didn 't have contractors at all .
tr	6	My saber and the footman 's pistol dropped from my fists .
tr	11	She did not want to be separated from her .
tr	6	The answers to all my questions , less than a foot away from me , talking to me .
tr	9	My eyes flashed , and Logan 's arms began to quiver , his face livid .
tr	11	I just want that to go on the record , " Ted reiterated .
tr	11	Make her think she was crazy ?
tr	6	" Your boyfriend got some sand in an uncomfortable place . "
tr	10	He listened closely for information about where she was located now .
tr	10	At the rate they 're dying , even here at the farm , I may not have any left anyway .
tr	6	At 6 ' 2 , " he still wasn 't as tall as the black guy .
tr	11	The words glided by unnoticed , and I began turning the pages without really reading them .
tr	10	Amira was happy to help them all .
tr	11	Jessica and Christy jumped in with a splash to join Alex , and Anna followed shortly .
tr	9	" Oh , I 've got a few tricks up my sleeve yet , " Ted replied .
tr	9	Ali had convinced himself that the prompt was random .
tr	8	I replied , " We can only make four knots . "
tr	7	John , Jason and Alex passed The Kennington Oval platform and had made good time .
tr	9	" I think we 're freaking him out , David .
tr	6	Without cause , without injury , they started a fight and killed a man .
tr	8	I should not have listened to him .
tr	7	" Careful , " he warns , pronouncing the word slowly .
tr	8	" I 'll have a think about it . "
tr	11	Lilly Ann went back to the kitchen to find the pot that Taylor was talking about .
tr	11	Claire glanced down at the group of faces peering up at her from below .
tr	7	The engraved flame grew yellow , then orange , then red before her eyes and she felt heat wash over her .
tr	7	He primed the electrical blasting cap and stepped back from the improvised breaching charge , taking a knee .
tr	5	Two vases , several ancient toys , a washbasin , and stand , a battered trunk .
tr	11	You missed me but you had him killed in front of the hotel . "
tr	8	Disney World was a disaster , but it wasn 't Walt 's fault - it was David 's .
tr	7	" This is where I live . "
tr	11	" Remind me to come back here after we kill Eden . "
tr	9	" Well don 't get used to the idea , " said David , " it won 't last too long .
tr	8	" Simon , this might come as a shock , but your dad is still alive . "
tr	9	I had a high-resolution digital camera in my lap and took a picture of the ship as we lifted off .
tr	5	" Freedom , first , " he said , his eyes narrowing .
tr	7	The deer 's hide would make moccasins , and its sinews bindings for different uses .
tr	5	The whole town ups and leaves and this asshole is still here ?
tr	7	He stretched , ate something out of his saddlebags , tended to the beast , and was soon on his way .
tr	11	You will then be able to go topside and move into the main house .
tr	11	I suppose we need to move then .
tr	9	He always thought each man made his own life by his own decisions .
tr	8	If it wasn 't for you , I would gave up my big dream . "
tr	8	When he reached Main Street , Ted carefully peeked around the corner of the building in the direction of the bank .
tr	6	" By His Majesty I pray , these tidings could not be worse . "
tr	9	I 'm running up the stairs , skipping four at a time .
tr	11	Jodie is to have what is mine .
tr	5	Well , yours might not , but Fat Charlie 's certainly did .
tr	7	Woodpecker , being very practical and realistic , immediately developed for Tired Heron a genius business idea .
tr	7	They took the path down to the river 's edge .
tr	5	" Okay , that 's enough water .
tr	7	4 out of 5 stars " Thoroughly enjoyable read " " Thoroughly enjoyable read .
tr	7	Look for the duke 's favorite places .
tr	7	and handed the mike to me , " Allan , George Collins here . "
tr	11	I heard what sounded like running water .
tr	7	Oh God , I can feel that so much right now .
tr	10	A wave of defeat washes over the group , cowering above the rushing torrent of water beneath the raised bridge .
tr	8	Now though , as I peered through the glass into the dawn , the landscape had changed .
tr	5	" But not the only way ? "
tr	6	Immediately he rushed up to the upper deck .
tr	9	" Stephanie , Johnny , she 's in hibernation having Peter 's child . "
tr	7	Worst seas I e 're encountered .
tr	6	Now his folks were back in the saddle , just like the old days .
tr	9	Those sound like they 're about the upper-class , like every other book .
tr	9	Then she wonders where her mother is and her eyes snap open .
tr	6	But sure enough , less than two hours later , he roused for the first time since the shooting .
tr	6	The ground grew farther and farther away , the lights of the city faded into little yellow dots far below .
tr	6	" Bloody dogs follow him everywhere , " said Robbie smiling .
tr	9	Will you allow this pretender to take the throne from your king ? "
tr	8	Long blond tresses covered the face and he wondered who it was .
tr	10	Are you ready to listen ? "
tr	7	" Now they 're just talking about boys again . "
tr	11	This was another point for Julian , which he didn 't understand .
tr	6	" My partner and I stopped by your condo an hour or so ago . "
tr	11	" It 's bad enough that there 's blood all over this church .
tr	7	In a split second , he was back reaching for the Jolt .
tr	8	He had to do something .
tr	5	The living room 's linen and sand drapes complemented the maple wood floors .
tr	6	I lost my uncle , Mul , to the Kentish revolt .
tr	10	" Interpreter will be here at 1500 hours if that 's okay sir ? "
tr	5	" Like my reasoning , my file is my business and mine alone . "
tr	6	' Okay Raphael sell away -- good luck , ' Calvin said once inside .
tr	8	Before Rafe could say a word Adele had fled .
tr	6	" Thank you , Sir , and goodbye . "
tr	8	Tomlinson stepped out of his cruiser as Lucas came screeching alongside .
tr	7	We 'll be fine , please God . "
tr	10	We first met him during the Louisiana incident and had since crossed paths on a number of other joint investigations .
tr	10	The CIC is literally the heart of the ship , located at its center .
tr	8	The whole house would be glowing with light .
tr	6	" Listen , Happy New Year , Sook , but we 're kind of busy here . "
tr	9	Both can be used for offense , and both can be used for defense .
tr	7	Yes , this woman intrigued him on a completely different level .
tr	6	Seconds later , I pulled the bloodied katana from his still figure .
tr	8	You feature in no nightmares of mine .
tr	9	The light flickered on an off again and again as they stood and unmeasured time passed .
tr	9	" You don 't have to say it .
tr	7	~ Asleep in his bed , Arthur Cobb felt a gentle tickle at his throat .
tr	8	The door opened as she hit the gas .
tr	7	" Their invasion is on the lake , maybe both lakes . "
tr	9	At his words , Kurt dispatched two men to carry out Fuchs ' orders .
tr	7	" But if we put a rock in there it will only make Hiro heavy and burdened all the time . "
tr	8	" Whoever was on the path didn 't see us .
tr	10	The Prince moved forward swiftly , kicking the man 's curved dagger away with his boot as he passed it .
tr	6	Mana tilted her face back and closed her eyes .
tr	10	They swept past the first runner and began overtaking groups of people .
tr	10	Soul asked , trying to tread water .
tr	10	If anybody can teach me anything new about flying , he can .
tr	9	But , won 't she be empty at landing , fuel and cargo ? "
tr	6	" You and your toys ... your gun and now an axe . "
tr	8	The three silently eased their way into the thickest and darkest part of the woodlands .
tr	7	I just want to talk . "
tr	7	On the other side of the desk , Tomas Godard turned to Victor .
tr	6	" No war , no one else died that day , he was a petty thief .
tr	9	Of course , he 'd never tried dragging such a heavy object up this incline before .
tr	5	" You know ... " " No , I truly don 't . "
tr	8	" Was there any sign of the envelope ? "
tr	11	" Doesn 't that make you an exception to the rule ? "
tr	8	It was about a week after our first radio contact .
tr	8	The man in the midst of the logs asked in disbelief .
tr	8	And then just like that , he turned and left .
tr	6	" These union guys , they talk the talk , " Sal said simply .
tr	10	Connie and I about jumped out of our skins as the airplane flashed by at masthead level .
tr	7	They 'd break with our weight .
tr	11	Mac used his mind to bring up the display from his Imp .
tr	10	Let them judge us defected .
tr	11	He supposed he should feel a lot of things .
tr	9	Even if you are an arrogant jerk , you wouldn 't want someone to get hurt . "
tr	10	It 's a good thing that your father is sending me along with you .
tr	9	Just then their hosts rejoined them with a dish of dates and a bottle of wine .
tr	10	Claire felt the seriousness pass , heralding a return to the lightness of friendship .
tr	8	I stared at the door long after she had gone .
tr	9	In order to change the topic of conversation , she asked , " How is the coffee ?
tr	8	The silence was disturbing , not even a bird or a breeze broke the stillness .
tr	8	" Those humans you created ... " " Go on , my son . "
tr	5	" Who is it ? "
tr	11	Reggie knew that this had been a point of contention before .
tr	9	Will there be enough to pull this off ?
tr	8	The figure showed as bright orange and yellow as the infrared picked up the heat emissions .
tr	9	She left the road after fifteen minutes and let the horse pick his way through the snowy pasture .
tr	8	As he made his way to his post , Gan followed the ridge paralleling the stream .
tr	6	He was back on his endless silence , turning his look away .
tr	6	I don 't remember him .
tr	7	His heartbeat thumped in his ears and his breathing was too loud for his liking .
tr	10	George cast his mind back to the difficulty of that particular incursion ... . .
tr	11	We would like everyone to go if possible . "
tr	9	" You were telling the truth , " the Prince said blankly , " they were trying to kill me . "
tr	6	John Milton In the old West , during a shootout , you either pulled your trigger first or you died .
tr	11	" The wagons start coming in at five thirty or so , " he told me .
tr	10	Do you want on top ? "
tr	5	" Yeah right , " I said .
tr	8	The sun reappeared and burned the back of his neck .
tr	11	He did not allow himself to get contemplative for too long .
tr	10	I am sixth generation American yet I can 't for all intents and purposes call myself a Native American .
tr	9	She reached up and pulled the balaclava off her head exposing her auburn hair .
tr	7	Finan 's voice was roughened with emotion .
tr	9	For one sickening , endless moment , she was sure it was her husband .
tr	6	" These are no ordinary gangs , " explained Butch .
tr	7	" We can cross the safe and legal one . "
tr	11	He noticed no lips moved as these giant winged beings encircled him .
tr	9	I stared at the map and the satellite images on the table before glancing at Reid .
tr	7	We didn 't dare leave by the main entrance .
tr	7	I never would 've predicted it . "
tr	7	Even in the dim firelight , Nathan could see the woman smile through her long filthy hair .
tr	5	" None taken , " Mark said .
tr	11	Though he was tired , he was pleased with the progress he was making .
tr	10	Byron watched her walk out of his office and shook his head .
tr	6	The ghosts of my dreams rattling chains and moaning softly .
tr	8	Off it came , dislodging the agent 's helmet as well .
tr	6	But with these videos , the investigation starts for real .
tr	7	What would I say to everyone ?
tr	9	We listened to their stories of the Collapse and the horrible conditions in the camps where thousands died each day .
tr	10	His throat has long since dried completely as the familiar feeling encircles him like an unwelcome embrace .
tr	9	At least he 'd tried to tell them -- several times .
tr	9	" Give me the case and get down on your stomach with your hands behind your head ... ... .
tr	5	' Just a general one , ' Katherine said .
tr	9	And the Angel was getting them ready for them .
tr	8	Would they shoot first when he hailed them ?
tr	6	Chase says in a panicked voice , " Oh , my God . "
tr	8	' If they liked you , ' Amy said , ' they could check the posters on the way out . '
tr	6	I checked for a pulse .
tr	8	Jimmy pushed an order of chicken strips in front of Mark .
tr	11	Zook shouted , trying to push through them .
tr	6	One of the felled monsters , however , was not quite dead .
tr	7	And the suspicion of them hath deceived many , and hath detained their minds in vanity .
tr	6	" Something is wrong , " Hartman 's voice announces over the channel .
tr	8	' This looks old , ' he muttered , handing it to me .
tr	6	With no health insurance , a simple call to the hospital emergency room would quickly deplete her limited funds .
tr	8	The only troops using this in Borneo were the 22 SAS .
tr	10	Turning to face him slowly , Ganondorf 's face has changed in the seconds since he last looked upon him .
tr	8	So she stopped going out on the trails .
tr	8	His escorts both shoulder their rifles and follow a few paces behind him .
tr	8	It had a disturbing odour coming from it .
tr	8	" I 've heard enough , " the boy declares , dashing forward once again .
tr	5	I only have 167 . "
tr	10	The bandits couldn 't tell quite where he was , and those that happened across him didn 't take another breath .
tr	6	Gunpowder smoke floated in the cabin .
tr	11	Josh 's shouted words were said without emphasis but Claire could hear the goodbye in them .
tr	7	" No , I didn 't know that , " replied Ryan to Jonesy .
tr	10	Evie wished he 'd stop talking .
tr	9	" They won 't help them because you 're a terrorist ?
tr	7	When he finished the water , he took his sweet time standing up .
tr	9	Instead , I felt an intense and inexplicable desire to guard and protect her from all harm .
tr	7	" We won 't file a complaint , " he told the uniformed man .
tr	10	William laughed out loud again , tears coming to his eyes , his voice trembling .
tr	10	When the girls had heard the news of the secret passage , they demanded an immediate return to the cave .
tr	11	Sarah tried not to break down crying right in the store .
tr	9	The boy 's head spoke as it rolled across the snow .
tr	5	His body quakes with laughter .
tr	9	I shuddered but couldn 't argue with the logic , cold as it was .
tr	9	But what good is forgiveness if it 's only words ?
tr	8	The old woman will tell him in a day or two .
tr	8	Anna smacked her on the back of the head again .
tr	8	The United States doesn 't have the nobility , in law anyway .
tr	9	She is trying to goad you .
tr	7	" And for your own good , " my mother said , " We 've been protecting you ! "
tr	7	Mai warns , encouraging Rift to sway right , and dodge the attack with ease .
tr	9	She had problems to breathe in .
tr	9	On their arrival at Croydon they went straight to the hangar where the Comet was being serviced .
tr	9	A sloppy one-two combination is knocked aside as Link counters with two rapid lefts to the body .
tr	11	That mission had been so sensitive that he could not entrust it to another .
tr	7	" Any sign of Gema or Wendy yet ? "
tr	8	" You make me very happy , Finn ... " she paused .
tr	5	' Not really , ' I replied reluctantly .
tr	7	Lord Brogan quelled a sudden rush of anger at this slight to Rafe .
tr	6	Through the air vent , quick swap of monologues , tie him up , get out of there . "
tr	11	Elaina had spent the whole first week looking at him sideways as if he were a puzzle .
tr	7	A faint smile appeared on Victor 's face .
tr	6	' Oh , it really is you , ' said a sharp voice behind her .
tr	6	Excuse me , ladies ... , " he bowed his head once to both Elizabeth and Evelyn .
tr	11	" So , what are you going to do about Vivien ?
tr	7	The man was likely screaming , but he made no noise : he had no vocal cords left .
tr	8	He pulled up alongside a Grenadier and asked , " Where 's Sergeant Bing ? "
tr	7	Finally , he rolled the sleeves of the ornate garment .
tr	7	The smell of mold and human dust and dried meat hit the back of her throat like a physical presence .
tr	8	he yelled as he was up and running .
tr	11	" It means someone else transmitted the order to attack . "
tr	10	She tracked the man down at reception , where he sat making phone calls .
tr	5	" But , you 're ... " " A foolish gossip ? "
tr	6	Half the police are in our pockets ' .
tr	9	She added that Bay 's reaction reminded her of her own departed husband .
tr	9	" I think the reason is ' more ' , " Lilly Ann said cryptically .
tr	6	When his call finally ends , he drops his hand and gives me a long , grave look .
tr	8	Then I got the 100 relay , high jump , 200 , then the 100 is last .
tr	11	' You 're not the only immortal who 's used these tunnels , ' I replied curtly .
tr	9	What are we expecting to find there ? "
tr	6	" There are some definite gaps , " Mark answered .
tr	7	" Don 't talk to him like that ! "
tr	8	he asked , a look of horror spreading across his face .
tr	9	A powerful wind radiates in all directions , casting a blinding curtain of sand from the room 's center .
tr	6	The silence roams wide circles around us , teasing .
tr	11	Lately , I am feeling that I am in a video game , " he said in English .
tr	9	Surely Shaykh Saif would call this a breach of rule and sound an end to the duel .
tr	11	" I 'm afraid I have bad news for you .
tr	8	" Did I do something to anger you before ? "
tr	7	Andy struggled against his ropes for a while but gave up in defeat .
tr	6	" At least we - Oh , no ... " " What " s wrong ? "
tr	7	We chuckled politely as he continued .
tr	7	A Boeing 707 passenger jet , converted into an electronic warfare center , gathered all the information .
tr	11	Does that mean I 'm not a vampire ? "
tr	5	" Yep , she was a brand new employee . "
tr	7	He looked at his sons and gave them a nod as he stood .
tr	6	It 's just the team , the manager , the coaches , the trainers , and the equipment guys .
tr	10	Both of the M4 's were sound suppressed and would be far more practical for close-in investigation of the facility .
tr	6	' There are six others , ' said Victor .
tr	7	The boy drew back slowly with Stephanie and the former cardinal took painful steps towards them both .
tr	9	We can spin it a bit , but ... " He shrugged .
tr	9	Without flinching the gun flew inches past my head and landed in a cloud of dirt .
tr	5	" Oh yes , certainly , " Gordon answered .
tr	7	" There 's a messenger from Joseph .
tr	5	With a sigh , Heather said , " He 's the mechanic . "
tr	10	I know you will , but I want us to mutually respect and trust one another .
tr	9	" Ambassador , I believe we are in agreement .
tr	5	" No offense , but your singing voice is ... awful . "
tr	10	I 'd assumed we would trap him .
tr	11	Any one of them would have been on the ground before the harbor was half emptied .
tr	7	I dodged and ducked tables and Parisians out for a stroll .
tr	11	I felt awful , almost welcoming the idea of being eaten .
tr	7	' Yes , but where ? '
tr	9	Anyway , he 'd missed Friday 's episode and had it waiting on his DVR back home .
tr	11	Maybe it would have been smarter to wait until spring ?
tr	6	" On point , sir , " Mira Sydney replied from her position on the stoop .
tr	7	I have failed you , you and your family . "
tr	10	He paid his taxes and contributed to charities of his choice ... ... .
tr	10	He shut his eyes against the moonlight and deliberately ignored the shifting of blankets behind him .
tr	9	I have to keep moving .
tr	7	It had been hell before , but at least he had not been alone .
tr	6	Her unrequited love for him ?
tr	10	Susan paced , worried and ready to follow .
tr	7	He stopped , motionless , every ten paces or so ... . .
tr	7	Unless I , in the future , learn otherwise , the matter is now closed .
tr	8	When the evening bell rang she was at her place at the dining table .
tr	7	" The shuttles are pushing through , " Wes answered in the same quiet voice .
tr	6	" Did you put ice on your cheek ? "
tr	10	You see , they 're actually quite the simple folk when you really think about it .
tr	11	I stood motionless staring at the entrance ; trepidation slowly churning in my belly .
tr	9	Sofia could see the frantic looked on his eyes as it met hers .
tr	5	" Never , " Pandora said fiercely , Ted and Marlon as well .
tr	11	He was in awe and excited to observe even greater feats of medicine .
tr	7	The lock on the front door was broken and the interior of the cottage was messy but not trashed .
tr	8	VIN 's brown hair was from his father 's side of the family .
tr	11	Men found many different ways of coping with stress and this man was firmly grasping his duty .
tr	11	Jimmy nodded affirmatively as Mark started walking over toward Cletus and Pete .
tr	7	Enormous posh paintings hung on the wall next to elaborately decadent décor .
tr	8	Looking at the screen and suddenly hearing his breathing through the microphone Connor made his challenge .
tr	5	And on the middle stump he left a finger puppet behind . "
tr	8	" Don 't get cheeky , " Mana said , leaning back against a rock .
tr	8	" Any chance of it being a coincidence ? "
tr	9	A moment later she was hurrying from the chamber , carrying his in her arms .
tr	5	" Yeah , looks easy enough ! "
tr	9	Carefully removing the cover off one end of the quiver he removed a dart .
tr	10	Her ass was numb from sitting so long , and she had a mean crick in her neck .
tr	6	Called it a heart attack .
tr	10	Rusty carried on where Denzel had left off .
tr	10	I will not let you to do this to me .
tr	9	He is a striking man , tall and pale with thick , dark hair cut short .
tr	8	He climbed slowly back to his feet brushing the slimy snow off his body .
tr	11	" I guess there 's no helping it .
tr	9	Once closed the wound turned back to the same tanned flesh tone as the rest of Mark 's skin .
tr	7	Once they had entered , the cloaked woman set the lantern on a small table and walked over to a drawer .
tr	10	† † † It was a clear day with brilliant sunlight .
tr	9	He continued to look straight ahead and started talking .
tr	10	I decided to take this as a compliment .
tr	11	And then the pure Hell of what came out of the blizzard and into their camp .
tr	5	But , after all , it was only dinner .
tr	6	" Good work , Portugal , " said Colonel Flood , and the young man looked gratified .
tr	9	I asked , " Did you see anybody else along the river ? "
tr	7	They nodded in agreement before I continued .
tr	9	Of all the things that he did not need an ill female ranked close to the top of his list .
tr	10	" I suppose you are as bad as me ! "
tr	9	When the bad moment came , it was the sort of scene he 'd feared .
tr	6	After a few minutes my bedroom door opened and daddy came in .
tr	11	He knew he could quietly fill in the marsh and plant a cornfield .
tr	10	That 's a sign this wreck might be old .
tr	9	Therefore , the only way to get into the Museum House is with a tourist group .
tr	9	I never had to think so quickly as on that day .
tr	6	" Apply to the United States Air Force Academy , " she replied simply .
tr	10	" He is drunk and doesn 't know what he 's talking about . "
tr	5	No elaborate plan , just instinct and good reflexes - just like him .
tr	9	" I know Billy ban you from tournament , but he not ban your coach .
tr	10	" Don 't get your pants twisted Claire I 'm a perfect gent .
tr	6	" By all means , " Jamison nodded , " You lead the way , John . "
tr	8	you 've got a bit of a one man show over there in Gloucester .
tr	11	What I did feel was uncertainty that he knew what he was doing .
tr	10	" How do I know you 're telling the truth ?
tr	10	They made short work of the few zombies they encountered .
tr	10	Dumas himself might have written a novel about us : the three companions strutting off the train into a new city .
tr	7	I smothered a scream , grabbed my bag , and got to my knees .
tr	11	He smiled inwardly as he furiously lashed at the first weeds and moved into the woods amidst flying debris .
tr	11	I wonder if they 'd let a six-year-old try it ?
tr	7	" Your sister doesn 't half wind your mother up , " said Andy .
tr	10	Sebastian was apparently wishing to see someone else .
tr	7	" You are welcome , " I patted her soft hand gently and closed my eyes slowly in her warm embrace .
tr	7	He grabbed the hilt and pulled it out against Gunnar .
tr	5	perhaps the very people in the photos .
tr	7	Virgil repeated , " It is the only way .
tr	6	He was forceful and took control , but was gentle and slow and deliberate .
tr	10	My father fell into debt and finally it was time to pay up .
tr	8	He has made reference to ' the stronghold ' and ' the blue one ' .
tr	6	Seconds later , sharp pings rose from the boot .
tr	5	All the water lines were now bone dry .
tr	8	As he passed out the door , he said over his shoulder to the men , " Let him go . "
tr	7	Let that boy go ! "
tr	8	" Don 't let my pale face fool you .
tr	5	" Oh , but , Alexia , I don 't ride ! "
tr	9	The mere thought of him being killed left her shaken with fear .
tr	10	" You going to be here long Jen ? "
tr	9	For the next hour , VIN walked around looking for rocks .
tr	10	I think you know when it began . "
tr	7	I 'll tell you why .
tr	5	He has a gun too .
tr	8	Foolproof asked , as he unpacked his interrogation kit .
tr	11	she said trying to act surprised at the situation .
tr	10	Let me tell them there is still a chance .
tr	9	I thought they were for her scrapbooking business .
tr	6	There was not the faintest mark or scar .
tr	8	" 007 , please locate Dr. Alfred Harland on the receptionist security connection , " said William .
tr	5	The whizzes of arrows and rumbles of cannons clouded the air .
tr	5	" Yeah , I 'm sure . "
tr	9	A thorny rose she had been , but a rose .
tr	7	The door started to descend .
tr	7	I haven 't seen you around for a while . "
tr	8	They could see it now , but they must get closer for a kill .
tr	9	So , instead of waiting around for everyone to wake up , Simon decided to go for a run .
tr	10	Think they 'll buy it ? "
tr	6	" How ... How do you know all this ?
tr	7	The situation was grim at best .
tr	9	Had they died and were on their way to another world ?
tr	8	his piercing eyes dropped first to his friend 's leg then stared up at him .
tr	7	And this stuff about Moscow -- I 've got a real bad feeling . "
tr	11	I had no doubt Nausicaa had been before me .
tr	9	" Cheers , " said Andy , as he slipped it over his head .
tr	8	I love you , and take care of yourself . "
tr	6	" And you 're a big - " " Tsk tsk , " he interrupted .
tr	9	The woman rushed to the children and spoke quietly to them , hugging each one in turn .
tr	11	" Aside from the fact that he doesn 't like you ? "
tr	5	" Well , that and we wear the same shoe size . "
tr	7	The other was Eva 's former lover , the scarred Kurt Weber .
tr	10	They might even be fighting over a piece of food .
tr	7	What brings you out this way ?
tr	11	Those were the sorts of guests Landon kept an eye out for .
tr	7	The big man shoved the gag into his mouth , tied it off , and rose abruptly .
tr	10	He was caught in the throes of the worst infection the world had ever seen .
tr	11	" You want to see how I operate , eh ?
tr	7	Chapter Fifteen The next morning was a very fine but brisk spring day .
tr	10	I 'd come back tomorrow , rescue them both , and head to the police with evidence .
tr	10	He was so young and hadn 't been given the chance for a normal life .
tr	8	" Excuse me , can you direct me to Magnolia Boarding School , please ? "
tr	8	It took another moment or two before the smell hit him .
tr	8	She ran around the other side of it , jumped in and collected the reins .
tr	9	She had the same smile as Kevin and stood up to greet them .
tr	9	Chris rolled his eyes and continued leading them toward their destination .
tr	7	She reluctantly left the water , the cold air a shock to her body .
tr	11	I have to find out if Dham got away .
tr	9	That is not my motive , he told himself harshly as he laid back and rolled up in his blankets .
tr	7	Do not look at the skull ! "
tr	8	" Actually , they didn 't just send a jet , this one is at my permanent disposal .
tr	8	Dane pointed to the wall behind them , " The reflection , it can be seen out there . "
tr	8	We followed , getting into the carriage after him .
tr	7	I walked around the glass cases and into the kitchen .
tr	8	Oh , I wish you could talk . "
tr	8	" It 's some kind of Japanese puzzle box , " Kaylie proclaimed .
tr	6	For Susannah Dickinson , the horrifying sounds penetrating the walls had been unmistakable .
tr	9	I could not stop , for I could not breathe .
tr	10	She extend it to Vincent who was puzzled .
tr	9	Therefore , I raised , wanting to leave .
tr	10	My ankle throbbed as I forced it to move .
tr	6	" You ... can 't ... protect ... her , " Jason choked out .
tr	9	" As soon as they start scrambling , the shapeshifter will head out of there .
tr	6	" What 's your name , kid ? "
tr	9	Moreover , the rain only seemed to pour on the Turks .
tr	7	When I pulled the flaps back , a face stared back at me from inside the packaging .
tr	5	In fact , love and light are closely related . "
tr	7	No , there 's been a few deaths out in Arizona , California and Mexico .
tr	6	" Gentlemen , I am truly your humble servant and in your debt .
tr	7	Perhaps all those strategy lessons with my father 's war historian had rubbed off on me .
tr	9	" Drink , " said the Angel , " It will restore your strength and reinvigorate your spirit .
tr	10	Free will may have replaced the apparent lack of these observable instincts in modern humans .
tr	7	I tried not to look .
tr	9	The huge wood fired stove gleamed with polished steel hardware and deep blue enamel lacquered panels and doors .
tr	5	" Perhaps one day you will , " Drew replied .
tr	10	He started jogging toward the woods where the little utility vehicle had disappeared a few moments before .
tr	6	From across the warehouse she heard movement , and then a sound like a latch coming undone .
tr	6	" Alright , we have confirmation , " he announced to the group .
tr	7	Gabe picks up the rabbit between his hands .
tr	10	It has to do with poaching .
tr	7	We just moved in down on Crystal Road , " offered Lex .
tr	6	I take a step closer .
tr	7	When in public , the king never traveled without armed soldiers .
tr	9	Spinning and leaping , water droplets gleamed like glass in the sunlight , streaming off their fins and long rounded noses .
tr	11	They had met whilst Candice was working in an import company .
tr	6	' Price can wait , ' Reid retorted dismissively .
tr	10	A roiling cloud of smoke would be the only evidence he had ever existed .
tr	7	Grinning wickedly , he closed the space between them again .
tr	8	" I don 't know , " Scott said as he grabbed the bag .
tr	7	She hadn 't seen her mother in almost eight years .
tr	7	She 'd only just made it here .
tr	8	The brood demanded to see our invalid . "
tr	7	His eyes filled with tears and he turned away .
tr	7	Thanks for warning us . "
tr	5	And on the center loop , there now hangs a lovely silver lock .
tr	6	Sure enough , she pressed her lips together and shook her head slowly , left , right , left .
tr	7	Over the next hour they shared a delicious hot breakfast at the restaurant where Kiara worked .
tr	9	This was going to be difficult .
tr	10	When he got to the crossroads of the houses he saw the Horus House door open .
tr	9	" Savvy , what are you doing ? "
tr	6	Breathing an empathetic sigh , Zelda crosses the room and joins him .
tr	6	" Oh , how sad , " crooned a voice in my head .
tr	11	This is a dangerous path we are to follow .
tr	10	" Gan 's courage is beyond question , as is the courage of all our young men .
tr	9	" Lined them up and slit their neck seals , one at a time . "
tr	7	Peyton smiled at me again but spoke to Malcolm .
tr	9	This wasn 't going to be pretty .
tr	6	Her gasp or groan fired more needs , her willful hands sparked nerves over and under his skin .
tr	5	" So his partners now want their share ? "
tr	11	There were hundreds of checks to do , but finally she was ready .
tr	8	His English was flawless , just a slight hint of the New England twang .
tr	7	His older daughter , Alex , really had found an obscure and intriguing artifact .
tr	9	I changed direction again , leaping over branches and fallen logs .
tr	7	As a result General Bird - De Peacock intensified hostility towards his most dedicated friend .
tr	9	Didn 't know how to answer . "
tr	9	Chapter Nine The past week had been the longest in Andy and Tim 's lives .
tr	7	The pirate farmer and his Rosa were content with their new life .
tr	8	she said , tossing the bag beside him with a crash .
tr	9	Connie had become my life without her there would be no future left to me .
tr	8	He 'd never seen that before .
tr	6	" And are you refreshed ? "
tr	10	I 'd thank you not to try any time soon , we 're fugitives , after all . "
tr	7	It was traditional , with ceiling moldings , hard wood floors , and warm red brick walls .
tr	8	But despite his reservations he knew he was needed .
tr	9	She followed him again and this time she took the stairs to the third floor two at a time , too .
tr	10	Burning Arrow cut two forked tree limbs that the two braves could use as crutches .
tr	9	We just need to expand on it .
tr	7	Gema shook her head in exasperation ... and thought of Wendy at school .
tr	9	She read books , talked with the dead and loved life .
tr	10	" Want to eat pizza with us tonight ? "
tr	8	" It 's not as unusual as you might think .
tr	5	And that was never a good sign .
tr	7	" She has damaged our family and our son already .
tr	7	We returned to our new home , the bustling New Orleans .
tr	8	" I 'm on special orders from His Majesty . "
tr	6	I have the money right here in my pocket .
tr	6	Bitterness settled on his shoulder like a winter wind .
tr	6	Dad 's silence told me everything .
tr	9	I will be fine once I rest awhile . "
tr	6	" I 'm sorry Avril , her leg is broken very badly .
tr	9	The first aircraft in line would have a name starting with the letter ' A ' , ie Angela .
tr	7	T gave him an overview of Rome .
tr	10	Her head was lolling about -- she wouldn 't be awake much longer if she was at all .
tr	11	I don 't know what he wants me to do . "
tr	6	And Ashwin said , " A difficult accident , wouldn 't you agree ? "
tr	9	When the cougar jumped , my uncle released his arrow , and the cougar landed on top of him .
tr	7	Out of the veil , a hand grabbed my arm , spinning me around .
tr	9	She started organizing Tori 's wardrobe as fast and as ordinary as she could .
tr	8	" Jason , " he hears Aria whisper his name in his mind .
tr	6	" I don 't know ... " " It 's just one night .
tr	9	" It 's apparent , " said Jacob , " that Alfred was somehow tied up with an Indonesian terrorist group .
tr	7	Its huge iron gate was closed ; only a small sally port to the side let anyone in or out .
tr	9	The papers fluttered in the breeze , dancing over the heads of the spies .
tr	8	" Simon , I don 't think you are on a holiday .
tr	11	Mike is working on making a set of restraints from leather belts and towels .
tr	8	If they caught up to Brand and Gunnar , they would stand no chance .
tr	9	God , are they really going to kill him ?
tr	6	" Our father died two years ago in a battle .
tr	5	" Of course , " he said .
tr	9	" I 'm gon na keep him .
tr	9	A look of pure dread filled his face as I pulled the trigger , point-blank .
tr	10	But he did offer us the means to do it .
tr	7	Not saying your husband is OJ ... " His voice became hoarse , and he trailed off .
tr	7	They are the Watchers , the casters ' special guard .
tr	8	" I can look after myself , " said Robbie .
tr	11	This is what I found out later is called hysteria .
tr	9	I felt like a robot , shooting out the answer to his question without any thought .
tr	10	First we have to get a little closer , just round the corner .
tr	10	Through the starlight drifting into his room , he saw three long foils were now pressed to his throat .
tr	6	The sound drawing my attention , I looked over my shoulder and almost fell right over .
tr	11	I would like to talk to Sarah Rutter , " Mrs. Jones said .
tr	8	" And what if your parents want you to marry her ? "
tr	9	Clancy was hesitant but let go , swaying slightly .
tr	8	When Pierre looked at him , Roberto scowled .
tr	6	" My mother and grandmother are illegal magic users , " I said at last .
tr	9	The elderly man listened in silence and , when the major was done , shifted his position with a grimace .
tr	10	Surprised looks turned into knowing smiles as other dancers spotted the two guests of honor .
tr	7	At last I saw light gleaming above me .
tr	7	More arrows shot past his head , striking the ravine wall .
tr	9	" You don 't wear that kind of makeup , " Atticus said .
tr	9	It lies in ruin , the shattered pieces numbering too many to ever successfully reassemble below the large , circular frame .
tr	6	It 's pretty common rope . "
tr	11	It was wishful thinking to say the least , and I was not impressed by what greeted my eyes .
tr	6	" And you have a right ; but for me , there was no choice . "
tr	8	And then later I heard them talking about you . "
tr	8	" This is it , the first test of the Universal Chronicler .
tr	11	He picked up the pace a little more as his legs began to loosen up .
tr	7	" Before I answer that , how much have you told them ? "
tr	10	" Don 't see that I 've got a choice .
tr	7	If it doesn 't , then it 's just mildly unlucky porridge and that 's not nearly so tasty . "
tr	6	Soon he will be up .
tr	7	In spite of her impetuous , occasionally infuriating nature , Claudette is an excellent cook .
tr	6	Then the smell of dust , mold and old rotting books seeped into the passage .
tr	8	He watched with great interest as she untied a large bundle .
tr	10	He didn 't hesitate for a second when Marie enveloped him in a hug too .
tr	8	he said , squinting up at the screen .
tr	10	I wasn 't going to lie to him again .
tr	9	" I certainly don 't want to ruin your pretty dress . "
tr	9	" He 's afraid of commitment , you know , " he commented .
tr	10	He 's either a cold fish , which I doubt somehow , or it 's just bottled up inside him . "
tr	10	" Do you know what a Precipice Moment is ? "
tr	10	It was a carefully crafted image , designed to both intimidate and impress .
tr	11	she wondered , trying to wipe her face with her jacket sleeve .
tr	8	Without her support and guidance he would have fallen or stumbled against the wall .
tr	8	You are putting on weight , kid ! "
tr	9	If I intended to survive , it would necessitate separating myself from the general population .
tr	5	" You can 't see ? "
tr	5	" I apologize , your majesty , " Hilda said .
tr	10	Atticus and I couldn 't stop from grinning the whole time -- this was too easy .
tr	7	Avi sat , quietly waiting , nursing his lemonade .
tr	10	She screamed as she fell off the bus and onto the sidewalk .
tr	8	" I 'll give you a lift in my new Bentley .
tr	9	Wait ; is it just me or do those look a little familiar ? "
tr	8	" Black creatures are to the southeast , perhaps a league off .
tr	9	Young men who 've never tasted battle are eager to measure themselves .
tr	10	Within a second Ben , who was standing behind Nina , turned into a huge grizzly bear .
tr	7	" You see anything out there , Leo ? "
tr	11	She regretted having joined the lads in the pub instead of spending the previous night revising .
tr	11	But being unable to come to any agreement they both decided to remain silent .
tr	8	For a second she pretended to be all serious .
tr	9	He stepped around her , pointed at the odd , flat metal pan on its stand over coals .
tr	8	Despite the warmth emanating from the fire , the stone walls made the room cold .
tr	8	There was something in his voice that Claire couldn 't quite place .
tr	6	" It 's optional , " called Dickie .
tr	11	Wherever she wanted to go , she was running .
tr	11	The crew was too busy working to pay attention to a new face .
tr	9	I intended to follow through and I think he understood that . "
tr	10	According to him , they should be getting much more freedom to move around .
tr	9	" Can 't you come up with a more creative name ? "
tr	9	Who used to walk these streets ?
tr	10	You have got to be kidding me ! "
tr	9	When finished with his last bite , he took a long swig of soda before putting that theory to the test .
tr	10	People are afraid of the information he might have and where it is hidden ... pretty smart really .
tr	11	I need to talk to you urgently Mr Harper . '
tr	10	He pulled me toward the back of the yard , his footsteps quick and sure .
tr	9	The knowledge burnt into his soul leaving only charred remains .
tr	8	" Come into the room with us . "
tr	11	Tonight belongs to all the seniors whom will soon be graduating .
tr	9	General Anderson sipped his hot tea and scowled at the heavily scribbled and highlighted map on his dining room table .
tr	8	Right in front of me !
tr	8	He looked back at Miriam and made a hideous face at her , and she thrust her tongue out at him .
tr	10	I hope that doesn 't apply to me .
tr	6	Decades ago , the bridges helped haul anthracite coal from mines to steel mills and factories .
tr	5	" Come on , lads , " she told the dragons .
tr	5	In your blood , in your mind , in every breath you take . "
tr	11	' I 've given up trying to work it out .
tr	10	" Rift , " she starts , walking toward the boy with her arms passively at her sides .
tr	10	" Bout bloody time , " he thought , as he walked up the two flights of stairs .
tr	7	The officer was shaved , his weapon was clean , and the ambush executed with precision and discipline .
tr	8	You had bad luck at the very end , and lost by a few days .
tr	9	On an unrelated subject , you might remind the crew of the old proverb that loose lips sink ships . "
tr	11	Claire watched as the woman in charge of feeding tossed several bloody carcasses into the water .
tr	8	" Look , they all talk to each other .
tr	8	If each of us had a Gatling gun and automatic weapons too it wouldn 't be enough . "
tr	6	He mouth fell open and the gum slipped out .
tr	10	She had looked in through the door before , but had never bothered to go inside .
tr	10	" Hmmmm , " said Robbie , " I suppose he has a point .
tr	10	Stacy and Daniel waited for Tori at the bottom on the stairs of Anubis House .
tr	7	Butch eased back towards the guard shack and the bullhorn .
tr	7	" A week ago you did not have a father , and now you are in his home . "
tr	6	This is definitely not good , ' he murmured .
tr	10	She goes to great lengths to make me presentable , you know . "
tr	5	" ' Submersible ' not so much , " said Zook .
tr	6	" She 's not yet back , Steph , " he told her .
tr	6	' So Won 's not really your name , ' Danny said .
tr	11	A small dresser and table stood in the one corner with a chair next to it , next to the port .
tr	6	A second later , he snatched the pizza with the little pepperoni cubes off my plate .
tr	8	Karen decided to let the matter drop .
tr	11	Had to stop to change a flat .
tr	7	Rafe watched her hasty retreat , a slow smile spreading over his face .
tr	6	Shaykh Saif 's look was dark , but he said nothing .
tr	6	After a few moments , he sighed heavily , looked her way , and forced a strained smile .
tr	6	What is that - a strange pattering noise , as of a million fairy feet ?
tr	5	" OH MY GOD I HAD COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN ABOUT THE HOMEMADE CHEESE . "
tr	7	let 's not start this all over again , " she said , " just think of it as a holiday .
tr	8	Occasionally , a deer would raise its head , sensing the train .
tr	10	Take it for granted from this point forward that whatever is talked about will get to Sampson .
tr	10	I didn 't want to look down ... I couldn 't really .
tr	6	Then from the green car Jake stepped out with Spyder behind him .
tr	8	" To arms , " commanded the Earl Marshal wielding the symbol of his office and authority .
tr	7	Still carried the walking stick too .
tr	11	There were times when he hurt her but she didn 't say anything , her trust in him unmovable .
tr	6	The helicopter pitched wildly , corrected itself and continued its ascent .
tr	6	On the view screen the two dragons fly together , the larger releases a blast from its nostrils .
tr	7	Clearly striking a solid shield wall at this point would more than likely liquefy both himself and his passenger .
tr	9	I know it is aboard this ship !
tr	9	" Wasn 't that light on the second floor ? "
tr	7	Pierre 's hand was almost touching the soldier 's hat .
tr	6	Too my surprise , it was Lance , Bow & Arrow out , and all .
tr	7	" I 'm sorry ; I didn 't put it there ! "
tr	6	The label on his shirt clearly identified him as the " Birthday Boy " .
tr	10	" So , why would I be sent to you for my training ?
tr	9	Thank you for all you do .
tr	10	Wan na know what I read ?
tr	10	Katarina has told me to capture you alive .
tr	8	Your team killed my grandparents and the rest of my family .
tr	11	Sebastian decided to make the best of the moment and went dancing .
tr	8	Mercedes was his prize , and the Olympian beside me would settle for nothing less .
tr	6	' Thank you , ' I said to the speechless paramedics .
tr	6	Grand will want her back .
tr	6	What the hell just happened ?
tr	9	By this time Archie was far from the brash and arrogant man of a short while ago .
tr	6	She moved forward toward the sounds .
tr	9	Avril wasn 't going to be deterred .
tr	9	" Are you proposing an alliance of sorts ? "
tr	8	she chirped and popped up to help .
tr	8	Then comes the kids , and as I said , it gets pretty complicated , but it 's worth it . "
tr	8	They were no taller than her but wiry and muscled .
tr	5	From that point forward , however , our personal relationship was essentially over .
tr	11	We were talking about our first loves and wondering what happened to them .
tr	8	The wind whistled past us in our race , tossing our hair about us in a blur .
tr	9	The woman raised her head as Claire closed the door behind her .
tr	9	Wood creaking , the ship started to sail away from the harbour .
tr	10	One even limped when she walked around , for heaven 's sake !
tr	10	He said that his partner hadn 't even made it through Maryland . "
tr	11	Raphael had tiptoed up the steel steps to the door that opened outwards .
tr	10	He remained kneeling looking into her face .
tr	9	He didn 't exactly skulk , but turned his head left and right obviously on the lookout for his lost quarry .
tr	7	I threaded a needle and turned to the unconscious immortal .
tr	7	Lacroix crossed the floor and took the seat opposite mine .
tr	5	With a tortured cry , Kim fell back the bed .
tr	7	Instead , the imposter snapped his revolver towards us and fired .
tr	6	" So this is the kami , " Saga said aloud with a smirk .
tr	9	There was no need for larger vessels for this haul .
tr	9	But he said he got the coin from his grandfather . "
tr	7	Gabriel actually smiled now and stood up , dusting off his sweat pants .
tr	11	I started to feel this was a bad , bad idea .
tr	8	Most of the time Ryan and Jonesy talked while VIN and Michael Pitt , the copilot , listened .
tr	11	He thought he might be confusing her more .
tr	7	George Mudd lives close by and Dick Mason lives right here in Hereford . "
tr	6	" I will , father , " she conveys with a suddenly solemn expression .
tr	6	" This is not a joke , " he said louder , and with more conviction .
tr	8	In the hallway Aria runs up behind Lisa , grabs her shoulder and forces her to stop .
tr	9	Not cozy enough to be a village , not busy enough to be a city .
tr	9	We need to cheer for Specter .
tr	9	I actually know experts on this sort of thing and it sounds like a viable possibility .
tr	6	" Like the survivors that they are , " said the Pastor .
tr	7	He laughed a high , airy cry of delight .
tr	11	Letitia seemed to brighten at Toby tentatively asking her assistance .
tr	7	Cade nodded , but Elaina replied with an enthusiastic hug .
tr	8	If they have changed so much , then I must have too , she thought .
tr	11	She smirked knowingly , letting go of his hands and raising herself .
tr	9	A young wolf dug too close to the entrance of the tree .
tr	10	Plants whipped and danced as if caught in a storm .
tr	10	He cannot produce a reason why the established method should stop now .
tr	8	Digging into her purse , Claire retrieved a business card and held it out to Sky 's father .
tr	7	Chairman Z 's forces cleaned out all the nearby holdouts and absorbed any food and weapons into their organization .
tr	7	I smiled faintly and followed him to the hangar .
tr	11	" I didn 't have time to worry about that , " she said .
tr	11	They 're not who they say they are ! "
tr	9	After the ignominy of last evening , he had no desire to face the world .
tr	9	We need to get her back to Sanctuary right now . "
tr	11	" I think I know where we can start .
tr	9	His accusing stare felt hot , but she cut off his protest with a sharp shake of her head .
tr	6	My sublimation and denial of my own abilities , his extreme but yes , absolutely common level of stress .
tr	8	She replied , " Just like the food replicator , Rick . "
tr	9	Therefore you need to remain on your guard .
tr	10	" I don 't like this , " Mai points out , taking form in front of the boy .
tr	9	However , the leaders of the robots have paid a high price for this violation of the higher laws .
tr	9	Callie simply shrugged her shoulders and reached down to tighten her left sandal .
tr	6	' Well , perhaps not dead , but -- ' ' But better off dead !
tr	10	" Captain I 'll be done in a couple of hours . "
tr	6	" Oh , well , " said Lesley , allowing herself a small , triumphant smile .
tr	5	Fifteen minutes later , though , the nervousness was back and then some .
tr	9	One man asked , stroking his mustache in the skylight 's glow .
tr	6	The turmoil of our journey plagued her .
tr	6	In the meantime all the captives had boarded and had paddles .
tr	8	" Why Clancy , I did not know you were a seer .
tr	11	" Have you decided what you 're going to do ?
tr	6	I said , " Hey , we already got a reserved table right by the stage .
tr	7	" Because the princess asked me to do the same thing this morning . "
tr	8	We have a team at the Mauna Kea observatory and their reports hit my desk before yours do . "
tr	6	Worst of all , the hate was so pointless , so misplaced .
tr	7	They lined up at the starting line and the gun went off with a bang !
tr	8	Did he want her to fear him ?
tr	9	They hung low enough in front , however , to offer some protection to the throat .
tr	9	I wanted to get that out of the way .
tr	9	Terry , get your camera and take photos of everything while there 's enough light . " .
tr	9	Another marching band followed , and Chris knew the short parade was almost over .
tr	9	I decided next time I would take the long route .
tr	5	" The right device , " Simon echoed .
tr	10	Whatever it was , it was something he couldn 't quite put his finger on .
tr	10	His mind retreated into a drug induced haze , blocking out the pain .
tr	8	" Maybe He wants us to try harder .
tr	8	" Yeah , che , I should have listened to you earlier .
tr	5	" The expression is love , sex and rock n ' roll . "
tr	7	He brought Warrior out of biosynthetic integration and moved her cortex between the dragon stages .
tr	9	I realized that wasn 't a single building around , nothing like .
tr	5	" Yes , " the Prince replied simply .
tr	7	The question caught me off guard , and I had to pause .
tr	10	You 'll talk to me now I 'm in a skirt , right ? '
tr	8	What any of the Children would do .
tr	10	But the real threat wasn 't going to come from the aliens .
tr	9	I 'm told I am special .
tr	8	The zombie slammed right into the concrete wall of the loading dock .
tr	8	Anatole whistled softly under his breath and earned himself a dark look from Bruno .
tr	10	I remember thinking it was weird .
tr	11	She had no idea what kind of effect that chemical has on dingoes .
tr	10	Whoever this woman was , when she cursed you , you were cursed but good .
tr	11	She thought it was a dream , had she really been so disconnected from the loss of her father ?
tr	9	Gavin insisted on being in the lead .
tr	8	All these figures stacked on top of each other .
tr	6	" But " " Go , " Vane growled , " and have a good birthday . "
tr	11	He was surprised to see so many of them .
tr	10	The only thing I do know about is the hunger .
tr	8	That is a story in itself ; but one for another time .
tr	8	" Stealing a few horses will be the least of our worries soon .
tr	6	" My story begins over twenty-five summers ago , not long before my birth .
tr	8	Harald motioned him to be silent .
tr	6	Just ahead , two men in black bowler hats stepped up to the train .
tr	7	We live in our cosy homes , with our beautiful architecture , and pretty clothes .
tr	9	she taunted breathlessly , and he wasn 't about to argue .
tr	10	They 're all I 've got now .
tr	10	Am I glad to hear your voice . '
tr	6	Of one I am still unsure , but under the law , it was destined .
tr	10	" I 'm afraid there is an emergency , Doctor .
tr	10	" I 'm going to put it between those two trees .
tr	10	" Perhaps they have some sort of secret linked with the valuable things that they were holding there .
tr	6	I ask you again , ' he said , ' is not this secret way guarded ? '
tr	10	" I thought you 've been through this a few times ? "
tr	8	Ever vigilant , safety catches off , they walked towards the ruins of the Longhouse .
tr	7	I pulled back , hard , and pushed him away with my right foot .
tr	10	When we get back I 'll arrange with Ruth to pay for her ballet classes and costumes .
tr	9	His biggest regret was that he had involved Captain Beau Myers .
tr	9	Ryan had not discussed any more of the mission apart from the atmospheric flight procedures .
tr	9	Chuckles filled the cabin ; even Roberto revealed a grin before it disappeared again .
tr	8	As soon as she ducked back into the cabin , Elaina 's shoulders slumped .
tr	7	The skipper picked up the marine radio mike , turned to his second in command and said , " Drug runners .
tr	5	" How long was I out ? "
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	But his hands were too big , she was too small and the fighting this time was too violent .
tr	7	What if they 're really the bad guys ?
tr	6	Her skin was still unblemished .
tr	7	Riki didn 't say any more , and the silence yawned into the afternoon .
tr	8	His lips moved as he reread it .
tr	8	The large room beyond the artifice is well lit , the circular training ground lined with blazing torches .
tr	8	He walked back to the group at the front of the warehouse just inside the dock door .
tr	7	23 bittersweet THE MORNING PASSED BY AS IF IN A DREAM .
tr	9	No , I don 't care - I 'm not doing this for you .
tr	8	Mirai had encountered -- and fought -- nearly every culture on the planet , in one form or another .
tr	6	" Unusual for the army , " he thought , " not that they were all really close . "
tr	8	Finding a dumpy teenage member of staff he said , ' You were just playing Little Spirit . '
tr	9	It did not look to slow them down .
tr	10	Not above feeling panicked he wanted to scream .
tr	9	I think we all should , but whether anyone else does or not , I am . "
tr	10	" Next time tell someone you 're leaving , though .
tr	5	I looked over my shoulder again and again .
tr	10	As much as he sometimes resented all of the prior activity , to him , the place now seemed almost forlorn .
tr	8	said Jimmy hoping it would help .
tr	9	I do not see how this is possible . "
tr	11	He was just a child and it was an adult matter to be mixed up with .
tr	8	You just have to be patient . "
tr	6	" You 're right , it 's not her .
tr	10	" Do you have to go ? "
tr	6	The only moving things between sand and sky were distant dog walkers and two galloping horses .
tr	6	Jason grabs his chair , takes a breath and closes his eyes .
tr	8	Sometimes it was the full monte as it was now .
tr	8	The sheer silence never failed to surprise him .
tr	7	Remembering the storm at hand , Neil opened one eye and looked at the sky .
tr	8	She felt the eggs developing and understood in several months they would be the beginning of her own family .
tr	9	he asked , trying to understand .
tr	8	When Alita ran at me I saw that glazed look in her eyes .
tr	10	I am not the boy they captured fourteen years ago .
tr	9	They 'd probably take one look at me and laugh .
tr	10	He was hovering around the general and was constantly running from one group to another .
tr	7	He had lost it again .
tr	9	She began to worry about infection .
tr	10	Nathan only hoped Joshua was watching out for them .
tr	8	" Oh , all for one and one for all , " Gary said mockingly , looking at Tommy .
tr	9	" There 's nothing we can 't conquer .
tr	6	The smile hasn 't left his face .
tr	11	I don 't know what to say Abby ; I like you to much to loose you . "
tr	11	The woman can talk to whomever she wants .
tr	10	His other hand was covered in sticky blood and his head was very sore where he 'd cut it .
tr	7	' This can 't be right , ' Anna whispered .
tr	9	Do you have several ? "
tr	8	The bullets tore into the giant 's chest , punching through his flesh and bone .
tr	9	That grabbed the driver 's attention like nothing else could .
tr	7	" I found that on the tray this morning .
tr	9	The company was off in a sprint as quickly as Clancy cleared his hiding place .
tr	7	" Telling them a little about our life here . "
tr	7	And she was all about the money .
tr	7	" I was just born into my greatness . "
tr	11	Sofia raised her brow and silently smiled as she cleared her throat .
tr	10	It didn 't matter that he had a wife and kids .
tr	6	I 'm not antisocial ; I rather enjoy a stimulating conversation .
tr	10	He rose and turned to face them and the shadow walked to his side into the light of the starry night .
tr	6	" Mom , " he said with exasperation .
tr	10	" I have not seen Aimee since she left for work yesterday morning . "
tr	7	A large , overweight man approached them from across the open lobby , his strained movements pained and arthritic .
tr	10	What will happen if you have your way ?
tr	8	Tommy said , " Thank you , " and then more softly , " step lightly , you too . "
tr	10	He couldn 't blame himself for feeling proprietary toward it .
tr	7	" Now about that breakfast ... " " Here , " Mrs. Collins said and handed her a lunch bag .
tr	5	After a few minutes Raymond believed him as well .
tr	6	It was all an act , he knew , but still .
tr	10	We know each other too well now ta ever be keepin ' secrets from each other . "
tr	8	He leaned toward her , and gave her a kiss on the forehead .
tr	7	Finan arrested the child 's movements as he made to leave .
tr	10	I had to struggle to speak .
tr	9	" We 've got to move , " Logan responded , his teeth still clasped .
tr	8	" Just don 't overdo it , " Neil warned with some misgivings .
tr	11	I didn 't think you would take it so hard .
tr	6	Take a jacket , " Mrs. Collins said and went in the kitchen .
tr	9	Also , any inmate serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole will be executed .
tr	8	" No human activity since we started seeing them , and then , they did this last night . "
tr	9	Somebody indeed had had a background in engineering , or so it seemed .
tr	5	" Well enough , " he answered shortly .
tr	8	" I 've heard what I need . "
tr	7	Probably just a trick of the sea , he thought .
tr	8	It was dark outside now , chilly and menacing in the shadow of the darkened Andes .
tr	10	" I 'm glad you came home , but I am tired .
tr	9	Bradley , who had rolled out , shouted a warning .
tr	8	That girl wouldn 't be searching for her best friend .
tr	10	Is it going to live ? "
tr	9	' That 's the best I can do . '
tr	6	No hospital , no doctors or nurses , not even a grocery store for band-aids or formula .
tr	9	Toby convinced me it was our best alternative , " said William .
tr	11	He was seriously frightened and getting a bit closer the sisters heard his desperate excuses .
tr	9	Roberto fought against the two men and he fell as a blow struck his head .
tr	8	Hector had been true to his word .
tr	5	In his true form , Roth 's voice was guttural and rough .
tr	7	She will be great , the greatest of the age .
tr	6	I like your mom and dad , reminds me a lot of mine .
tr	6	" Wait , you guys ! "
tr	6	The black coach and its hungry ghosts rode toward the last remaining legionaries .
tr	10	Her morning had been off to a slow start since her boss was in Brussels .
tr	11	" Why don 't you just quit your job , marry me and we 'll live happily ever after ? "
tr	7	We can 't change Martin 's death now .
tr	7	His priest came next , steadying the prisoner .
tr	6	" Of those standing , " said father , " One of you shall count the vote .
tr	9	Mike watched in horror as Gao 's cruiser ploughed into the mangled enemy ship .
tr	6	The last three days , as with the last five months , Sam had been her lifeline .
tr	5	" But , sir ... " began one .
tr	6	I see no father here , ' was my only reply .
tr	6	It was a cool , breezy morning , and the low clouds threatened more rain .
tr	5	Sam was a big , muscular , pompous , good-for-nothing scoundrel .
tr	7	In the past , it was the strongest of four kingdoms .
tr	11	I knew I had to be fast .
tr	11	I meaning sensing people that far away seemed almost unfeasible .
tr	7	Since then it had been a week , and Manuel missed spending time with Gordon .
tr	5	" And I mean , the publicity value here , the exposure , is incalculable .
tr	11	He addressed this to the large man once they had left the room in a lower voice .
tr	8	I had blinked , and when I looked again , I froze , terror engulfing my frame .
tr	7	Eda flinched a little at his words , but her face remained expressionless .
tr	6	A number of articles were produced : skirts , pants , blouses , and sweaters .
tr	11	He knew that a laughing outburst was his friend 's most likely reaction to the unexpected display of fashion style .
tr	9	Who would need a watchtower in the lowlands ?
tr	11	She turned from her position a few pace ahead to watch as he called Rissa .
tr	7	It seemed a fitting end to this latest mystery in Ted 's saga .
tr	10	" Well , still , I am very surprised that you haven 't planned your dress .
tr	6	He gave a thumbs up , and we entered .
tr	9	Before he could ask , there was a sound behind him , and they all whirled to face it .
tr	9	There has to be a path there , somewhere !
tr	8	I had -- " Di Luca bounded up , interrupting me .
tr	8	he added hopefully , looking at the cakes .
tr	7	Strangely , there were no other vehicles in sight .
tr	10	He was willing to destroy an entire civilisation , and devastate another , in order to obtain his goal .
tr	10	" You and your family can come in , the rest have to wait until after the review process .
tr	9	" You know how to steal shuttles ?
tr	6	Roberto rushed over to her .
tr	6	" How 's the water , Dad ? "
tr	10	The man took it with stiff fingers , but he managed to feed himself and take a drink .
tr	9	Do you love her ? "
tr	6	He sucks , " remarked Ricky , a little too loud .
tr	7	Your shuttle has disappeared off our devices , but we are hearing your conversation .
tr	7	An hour at the most , " And I wasn 't the only one .
tr	11	He assured her , taking up the paper and blowing on it to dry the ink .
tr	5	" My job isn 't - " " Please , " Lexi begged .
tr	8	Add the sediment from the levees and you get a sight factor of zero on the visual acuity scale .
tr	11	Then she thought to herself , " What would Essa do ? "
tr	11	For hundreds of millions of year 's life , continued to evolve creatures honing their skills yet full consciousness eluded them .
tr	6	Before we leave , I visit Avalon .
tr	10	She looked tired and Simon did not want to disturb her thoughts .
tr	8	Take the goods to the dock , mind , and the next crew will be waiting for you there .
tr	6	But serum was devastatingly expensive , and Ali was broke .
tr	8	The other three swarmed on Valerian , their weird eyes red as the eyes of mad dogs .
tr	11	" And you 'll be on your best behavior if you do encounter him , miss ! "
tr	8	I lift myself up to my elbows with difficulty .
tr	10	A metallic protrusion on the side is twisted , the soft clang of thin metal sounding between turns .
tr	10	David was breathing in great gasps of air , Nathan wasn 't sure that he wouldn 't take off again .
tr	6	Several men and women in white coats milled about around them .
tr	10	Though his limbs temporarily tighten , Rift is not in close enough proximity to suffer complete paralysis .
tr	9	" I can 't allow you to leave , but I can 't move her in either .
tr	7	The two litre turbo howled and the rev counter needle swung over into the red .
tr	5	" For fuck 's sake ! "
tr	7	" No more than half an hour from now . "
tr	11	He turned to see who had spoken .
tr	7	Callahan sat back in his chair and gazed at the grimy wall .
tr	6	" Yeah , and , we need to ... " Jaime paused , " ... feed . "
tr	9	The explosion of sound in Calvin 's head rocked him like an atom bomb .
tr	8	beats a cell I suppose . "
tr	8	He bandaged them with strips of his shirt under much protest from her .
tr	7	Once introductions were over , everyone boarded the private jet and immediately set off for Malaysia .
tr	10	The girl was sensible enough to keep the door on the chain .
tr	7	' You know , ' the Doctor mused , ' the eyes and the brain are closely related .
tr	5	" I am , I must be ! "
tr	6	" You could not tell , Adele ? "
tr	8	" Everything I need is right here , " she responded , one eyebrow lifting playfully .
tr	11	That 's not what I want to talk about .
tr	11	I remained with the discombobulated crowd , uncertain what course of action to take .
tr	9	This eBook is licensed for the personal enjoyment of the original purchaser only .
tr	5	" And are there little bunny rabbits and unicorns down there too ? "
tr	8	Now Neil could see a boy in a tiny , dirty room .
tr	9	We 've been waiting years for proof . "
tr	10	Even though she 'd only been two when it happened .
tr	6	" All units , " he said , " this is Big Red One .
tr	9	He was growling and hyperventilating , his shoulders rising and falling with each breath .
tr	8	Above her , his eyes burned like embers , and the metal wand in his hand glowed with heat .
tr	8	" You didn 't get that in 1952 . "
tr	6	His dark hair was shaggy , but his jeans and gray long-sleeved tee were clean and neat .
tr	7	He reset his laser sight menu and painted the ground at his feet .
tr	6	He asked the captain across the street , to the wall beside the green .
tr	9	But like I 've only ever seen in a picture .
tr	6	" Payback time , " she whispered to Kevin .
tr	7	On the third sunrise after the Bee war Mariposa pushed aside the sand wall .
tr	7	I was all red on my face at that affirmation .
tr	10	The Prince turned and left the room , not quite sure what to do next .
tr	10	" Back to flying through space and doing what I 'm told ?
tr	10	There was a cot in one corner of the room , and Miriam plopped onto it .
tr	10	It was like he was shouting at me . "
tr	10	Throwing the blade without looking upon his opponent was a crazy thing !
tr	8	I land on her like a rock from the sky .
tr	10	Think you can do that ? "
tr	7	Do you mean guns ? "
tr	8	The buzz of activity grew louder as we reached the top .
tr	6	' Yes , ' I finally said in a cold and steady tone .
tr	9	That would come later , when he was alone .
tr	7	It was over in less than five seconds .
tr	8	" The more technically advanced a civilization , the less effective it 's government . "
tr	8	He turned his back to me with a toss of his scraggly hair .
tr	7	Her stomach was crushed , her hand was crushed , and her entire body was crushed .
tr	7	Without missing a beat , Matthew exited the car , crossed , and entered the next .
tr	8	" Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor 's goods , " the man said quietly before he too removed his sword .
tr	11	" I 'm going to cut the cuffs off you now , " he says to me .
tr	9	This first leg of the assignment had been the easiest , just like usual .
tr	6	" Easy there partner , you 're not my tour guy .
tr	9	Only I have time to help you !
tr	10	Frank turned , taking the cloth from his head with his left hand .
tr	7	What do you think of Battlestar Galactica ? "
tr	10	You seem to be struggling with that . "
tr	7	" It 's just that ... " David ran his hand over his chin .
tr	11	" I am not here to keep you ruddy dogs safe . "
tr	11	Half a minute passed quite anxiously before they saw a dark form approaching them , jogging .
tr	7	Leaving her behind would , perhaps , at least slow down his pursuer but she seemed interested in him , specifically .
tr	8	These are ion thrusters , a form of space propulsion , Mr. Jones .
tr	11	He bit Noah where the flesh is softest under the left front leg .
tr	10	That made me want to preen .
tr	5	Faro Iago 's reputation preceded him .
tr	10	Or people I was attracted to .
tr	9	You want us to wait for Bobby ?
tr	7	A lot had changed in the immortal world since .
tr	8	There had been no decision , no thought process , she had simply reacted .
tr	7	Saying something in a low , oily voice , he put out one hand and caressed Riki 's shoulder .
tr	11	She 'd been sitting here unconscious for the better part of the day .
tr	6	The air left my lungs in a stunned grunt .
tr	5	" I don 't know . "
tr	9	With the right knowledge , you can even make it look like natural causes .
tr	8	5 out of 5 stars " Wonderful , engaging story " " Wonderful , engaging story by a talented writer .
tr	7	She wiggled her wrists but the ropes cut through the soft skin and red bruises formed .
tr	10	It tasted OK , but not as fantastic as Mark seemed to think .
tr	9	Either oblivious to their presence , or purposely ignoring them , the kid continues playing as they approach .
tr	8	Pulling up a chair nearer the fire , he spread the cloak to dry .
tr	11	He added in a burst of confidence , " He was pretty damned boring while it lasted . "
tr	10	Perhaps they were going to detonate it manually , " said Toby .
tr	11	The king shouts as the Princess throws the door open , storming away from her ignorant father .
tr	8	" I fear it must not be .
tr	8	Most surely die , as the other had done .
tr	8	Gwendolyn asks , smirking with satisfaction .
tr	9	We 're going to break the cycle .
tr	8	It was still about four times as hard as using the other pillars .
tr	7	" We had french fries in 1962 .
tr	6	' First you become his pupil , ' I replied , ' and that 's not easy . '
tr	6	As I said , it was now a network , not a brotherhood .
tr	6	The Forgotten wasn 't pleased , but after a moment , it bowed its shadowy head .
tr	9	We have purchased an inexpensive motorhome and placed all of our earthly belongings in it .
tr	9	Lance makes a fist and places it under his chin , " Hmm , a show .
tr	10	Things appear to have gotten more complicated .
tr	6	" I DO pray , Mom , " John said earnestly .
tr	8	" You will not like it at first , " Hilda said .
tr	8	" Technically he was still Alpha and Merri Li was still Matriarch of both clans . "
tr	7	" After Harry left the army he opened a martial arts school here in Gloucester .
tr	7	We need your horses in the king 's name .
tr	7	" But we are just a couple of kids .
tr	6	Holding the her power , she could hear him clearly .
tr	11	When it was first built it was beautiful , an architectural wonder .
tr	8	No one quite believed it was real .
tr	10	He even had even arranged to wear the sleeping pilot 's jacket .
tr	10	We didn 't make this world , but we survive it by going through the motions .
tr	8	His heart rate accelerated and he could feel his pulse pounding through his body .
tr	10	Andy thought he might pee his pants he was that frightened .
tr	9	we can 't possibly get into any discussion concerning cross border incursions .
tr	7	She placed a hand on his chest and kissed him on the lips .
tr	10	Gema seemed to have hardly changed at all .
tr	7	Cautiously , I got back to my feet and coughed up some dirt , stretching my arms slowly .
tr	8	So that 's what I 've done .
tr	8	I 'll land on my head and break my neck ! "
tr	11	My heart pounded dully in my chest while I stared at the image of Anna lying still on a metal gurney .
tr	8	Her mind twisted like tights in a tumble dryer .
tr	6	" Oo la la , you look terrible ! "
tr	9	As gratifying as that sounded , Elaina didn 't think it was practical .
tr	7	" Okay , Johnny , come with me " the red-headed , green-eyed Aphrodite said .
tr	6	Gorgeous , even in her old age , she couldn 't hide her beauty .
tr	8	Sweat trickled down his ribs and he saw blackened fingers through tall white grass , fought the urge to gag .
tr	8	She eased Jimmy back down into her lap and started rubbing his temples .
tr	7	The movements were still the same , but something in his execution had changed .
tr	6	Funny , only a few summers ago , he couldn 't shake her .
tr	8	They are my children , the children of warriors .
tr	6	' One of my men was behind me ! '
tr	11	We woke each morning colder and colder as rivulets of frost coated the grass .
tr	6	" Oh come on you guys !
tr	11	I blinked and coughed dirt out of my mouth before looking around slowly .
tr	9	" Damian ... " I whispered , and this time was my turn to lean my look .
tr	10	Then they rubbed snouts one more time as a good-bye and Mariposa left on her journey .
tr	11	Captain Nirvana made his way over to where Destro stared at the tracker .
tr	11	Do you have anything to add to that Commissioner ? '
tr	9	What happened to the shy boy in the photographs ?
tr	6	Chapter One High school was over , finally , and Alyssa Hunter was both excited and annoyed .
tr	8	Having just retuned , the two of them were living in a hotel and needed a better place to stay .
tr	9	" He is working on sensor inputs and logic programs today and he has one meeting scheduled in the afternoon .
tr	10	I loved her but I would 've appreciated more chocolate chip cookies straight from the oven . "
tr	8	Lilly Ann had tears in her eyes and gasped for air .
tr	11	I don 't remember ever pretending to be a bride .
tr	9	It was the summoning spell he used before .
tr	9	She always felt safe though , with Pierre and the rest of the crew .
tr	11	He doesn 't know I 've been coming up here . "
tr	10	How am I going to be at my best ?
tr	8	The ground shook , setting the horses ears back in fear .
tr	6	" Wake up , " answered Finan wearily .
tr	11	I felt like a different me , one who had a real chance .
tr	11	said Maggie , who came near to Glock .
tr	9	It just seems ... . .
tr	9	" It 's the only way not to get caught .
tr	11	Cancer is a mutated cell unable to perform it 's necessary function .
tr	9	We save no one if we don 't save ourselves . "
tr	9	She brought a pot of hot water to the bedside and began to wash the wound .
tr	7	We 'll record your single and one other track now -- just the backing mind you .
tr	7	" Forget it , " Link sighs , shaking his head and taking a seat .
tr	8	Though I searched for weeks , I never found his body .
tr	5	" Just like , a family fight or whatever , I don 't know . "
tr	10	" He appears to have the situation under control .
tr	8	" That 's the future of aviation , " said a grey haired man in a suit .
tr	11	Even with the souls of hundreds burning within him , he was no match for thousands .
tr	5	His sweet , innocent , little girl with the foul mouth ! "
tr	8	I wanted to meet him .
tr	8	Before setting sail , each man donned his bandana and hat and other clothing to hide their features and identities .
tr	6	He wore blue jeans , tennis shoes and his fresh t-shirt .
tr	7	If you are hungry , there are some dried meats in my bag .
tr	8	The paintings more than made up for the lack of fancy furniture .
tr	8	The Christmas present addressed to him had , in fact , been intended for Lyla Terwilliger .
tr	10	He paused another moment with that faraway look in his eye before sighing and setting the laptop off to the side .
tr	6	For a while she ate greedily , but soon pushed the tray aside , lay down and slept .
tr	11	The others gaped at him , " What 's wrong ? "
tr	9	Mirai whispered softly , evenly , " To what question ? "
tr	9	I refused to accept this thing ; he couldn 't go and to left me alone .
tr	8	The curtains were drawn and the lights were off behind the large French windows on the second floor .
tr	7	We 're barely out of town . "
tr	6	One is quaint , one is cool , one is commercial and one is edgy .
tr	5	In one hand he carried a long , thin , zippered case .
tr	11	Another red plaid thermos was in his other hand , which he held out towards Alejo .
tr	6	Outside , the French countryside continued to stream past us .
tr	9	Both men were quite surprised at the amount of paperwork they had to complete .
tr	6	With that he snatched my hand and gave it a firm tug , bowed his head solemnly and let himself out .
tr	5	But this time , Brand didn 't yelp .
tr	9	He was piping smoke out of his large nostrils .
tr	11	The scenery on the canvas was frightening , what more if it was real ?
tr	5	" One hundred seventy-two , " said Nathan .
tr	11	His lack of acceptance caused his oddities to stand out like a tone-deaf singer in a pitch perfect choir .
tr	9	Melody paused in front of one shelf and gasped .
tr	6	Even the back of his head dripped blood .
tr	6	" Would you like some tea ? "
tr	8	" We 've made a lovely lunch for you .
tr	8	Jude was big for his age and somewhat overweight .
tr	6	' Oh my God , you really can sing , ' Amy said .
tr	9	He finally managed to straighten out the tangled cord and then had a look at the setting .
tr	8	How had Louis XVI felt facing such a bloodthirsty group ?
tr	8	He knew that it fettered her mind continuously .
tr	5	Then , for the first time , it shut its eyes .
tr	9	I am ugly and he is beautiful , how the fuck is that fair ? "
tr	7	Dennis quickly went to work .
tr	9	Hearing Jason 's whistle his metal mouth produces a metallic scrape sound as it forms into a smile .
tr	8	Noah leaned over the side of the truck .
tr	11	The director frowned , obviously catching on to Jack 's use of the past tense .
tr	8	" We 're down to 34 % combat effective . "
tr	5	" Sorry , ladies , " he told Maggie and Julia .
tr	10	' It 's good to see you again , ' I muttered .
tr	11	They stormed in , firing their lasers at anything that moved .
tr	10	Busy cleaning her equipment she didn 't notice Daniel sitting on the bleachers to watch .
tr	11	Nate blanched at this and nodded , uncertain of what to say .
tr	10	One of his men put his gun down while the other fastened David 's hands behind his back .
tr	8	" Did we just turn left ? "
tr	9	John was quick to identify himself .
tr	7	He drained his glass and dropped some bills on the table .
tr	11	We jumped as Logan let out a sharp snore , his mouth clamping together .
tr	9	Do I have permission ? "
tr	8	She was working on the hide , tanning it out .
tr	8	The two of them were obviously more than just comfortable in each other 's presence .
tr	9	The temperature had risen to a toasty minus 55 degrees and Jonesy checked the monitors on VIN 's suit .
tr	9	I watched you fly her on the simulator .
tr	8	What are you going to do ? "
tr	8	Ricky stepped forward , " I don 't mind , " he said .
tr	7	Drake opened the file to the first page and slid the document towards me .
tr	8	I don 't want any of their accursed jewels .
tr	8	" I would not have thought such a thing , " replied Eda softly .
tr	8	And plenty of people have different eyes -- look at him ! "
tr	7	When he did smile , it filled me with hot bubbles and vanilla scents .
tr	9	If I don 't come back , he might kill her , " Lilith said .
tr	10	" I can use it to frighten the life out of the chaps ! "
tr	8	We meandered along , shown the way by the flitting moonlight .
tr	9	" We don 't have to do much thing .
tr	5	" Okay , sure why not , " I say .
tr	8	The other , unfortunately , had died in a car crash a few years earlier .
tr	8	My end is at least twenty grand for the four plus any expenses of course . "
tr	7	Blood always bred to form .
tr	11	Mia wasn 't sure to whom Jonas was speaking right now .
tr	11	Just tell us what we need to do . "
tr	7	John had been playing outside .
tr	9	The ground where she had been standing begin to turn into a deadly quicksand .
tr	9	She walked away like she didn 't even know me .
tr	9	" We are all very pleased to hear that .
tr	10	I 've always hoped so anyway , else why would we do this job ? "
tr	11	I know you 've got a bathtub , but how do I get hot water ? "
tr	8	" Walk fast , but don 't run -- that would draw even more attention . "
tr	7	Adele heard genuine worry in his voice and relaxed a little .
tr	9	Victor snarled between gritted teeth while he stared at the burning building .
tr	6	Sure they 're a nuisance but no more so than The Kings . "
tr	7	I should have died that day .
tr	10	This plan should make them sigh with relief , and give us some latitude . "
tr	5	" Not a pretty picture , " thought Mike .
tr	6	Five agents tentatively stepped out of the broken window .
tr	9	The man knelt down and began speaking to the boy .
tr	8	" Cord connected to your forward load , Maggie , " said VIN .
tr	10	a tiny voice sobbed , forcing the litany to stop .
tr	9	She 's going to be mad ! "
tr	10	We continue to fly the departure as directed .
tr	5	Trae said , his voice now barely audible .
tr	7	" That 'd put it on our land . "
tr	6	" Your speed is too high , " said ground control .
tr	8	He gestured for Dominic to take a seat .
tr	5	Down here we have military grade knee high boots .
tr	8	A rough cloth was forced between his teeth , and tied around his head .
tr	6	Several minutes later , the voice of the real captain roared over the deck .
tr	8	The beast was making for Logan , but swerved towards me at my movement .
tr	11	For the first time , Alex noticed that her robe had been tattered to pieces .
tr	10	Swinging my revolver around , I fired off a few rounds , hoping to dispel the pursuit .
tr	6	Final y , she said , " I found an interesting tidbit in your records today . "
tr	11	" So what do we do when we get there ? "
tr	6	" My recollection of her , " said Will , " is most vivid indeed . "
tr	9	" No one is sure exactly where that force is or what it 's doing . "
tr	8	It seems that each time she regresses , these spells last longer and longer . "
tr	9	Around his thick neck hung an apron bearing the silk-screened words , " Kiss The Chef . "
tr	7	In one of the smaller bedrooms ?
tr	7	His voice sounded strange when he spoke .
tr	10	From what I could gather , the village was tucked away in a crater surrounded by trees .
tr	9	Rylan watched the thieves divert their attention to the animals .
tr	5	On his ear hangs a charming , emerald gem .
tr	10	" Does it take a long time to get to the top ? "
tr	6	Claire struggled frantically and her manicured nail scratched my hand drawing blood .
tr	5	December 31st The next morning , over breakfast , I had my grand idea .
tr	11	" This better be good , or I 'll kill you myself , and who would know ! "
tr	11	With one last shout , I let a kick fly , hoping to catch him in the stomach .
tr	8	" I address you on the darkest of days .
tr	5	The Spear Bearer 's Second usually carries it . "
tr	10	" What name should I use to check you in sir ? "
tr	9	You 'll have to do this the old-fashioned way .
tr	11	A light flickers on , and I tuck my head to my chest to protect my eyes .
tr	11	" Cody is going to help sort the animals and bring them to us for the scanning .
tr	6	" Keeping a sharp eye out towards us , of course , as a precaution . "
tr	9	" It 's actually better than we might have hoped . "
tr	7	" I was just helping out , " the man said .
tr	8	" Hey Tori , can I talk to you for a minute ? "
tr	6	Prologue After five sons , Sally Johnson Browning gave birth to a baby girl on July 4 , 1900 .
tr	7	My dad had a lot of influence in the community .
tr	9	But that 's not going to do it today . "
tr	5	" Watch out , Morning ! "
tr	5	' Whoosh ' , then the deafening explosion : the SUV didn 't explode .
tr	9	" Nevertheless , I suspect I am correct , or you would have told me otherwise . "
tr	6	Her coach understood and allowed her tardiness every day .
tr	8	As we approached the gates , I noticed Simon waiting for us .
tr	11	I chose to remain quiet , allow events to run their natural course .
tr	10	That had to have looked hilarious . "
tr	11	Not knowing what to do with herself Amy watched mother berate herself and daughter dither .
tr	5	" Has the carbon dating come back yet ? "
tr	9	She was holding her breath , heart in her throat .
tr	7	When the animal whined softly Scott said , " Its ok fella .
tr	7	Well good on him I say , bloody good golfer too . "
tr	11	" I mean all this stuff here , just waiting to be picked up . "
tr	9	Rafe had been amused by the child 's pithy wisdom .
tr	8	Well I 'm ready for them this time , he taught me many tricks .
tr	7	" She was insolent to me this afternoon . "
tr	10	And a bunch of additional problems that my parents made me do .
tr	10	Attacking simultaneously , one of the pair is immediately immobilized by a subtle flick of the dark lord 's wrist .
tr	11	He smiled to think he remembered that one .
tr	8	I 'm gon na die .
tr	10	The teams had enough talent to deliver the tools , they only needed a leader .
tr	6	Could we drop the ' Lord ' and ' Lady , ' at least in private ? "
tr	7	With eight people and their luggage crammed in , it felt like a train carriage rather than a bedroom .
tr	8	" They aren 't popping them in the microwave ; they 're making them .
tr	10	" ' E starts asking his Lordship all these questions about the trip . "
tr	6	Under the circumstances , your actions did not break Special Ops protocol . "
tr	9	" So , he would be taking on First Clan 's three leading Wolves by himself . "
tr	9	" I will not go unless you take her . "
tr	9	I followed her gaze to Will .
tr	8	The wine hadn 't gotten to me yet , and I was still thinking clearly .
tr	8	Leah stooped , picked up a heavy chuck of stone and threw it at him .
tr	8	Pick up that box of colors , and give me your sketchbook . "
tr	5	No logging into old email accounts .
tr	9	She made absolutely no indication that anything was out of the ordinary .
tr	9	Her speed suddenly increases , quickly leaving behind the much slower pursuing gunships .
tr	11	" Tanner tried to talk me into staying in .
tr	8	asked Rafe , his voice betraying the depth of his surprise even more than his expression .
tr	5	" Right foot , left knee , right elbow , touch light , touch light , touch light .
tr	8	" She does have wings , Mr. Jones , " replied Ryan .
tr	8	Overcome by grief , he was unable to move .
tr	9	She spun while she slashed out with her tail .
tr	8	A flash of white light filled the horizon to the south , blinding them both for an instant .
tr	10	I saw him consider killing me .
tr	8	He just had a great idea , computing the thrust numbers in his head .
tr	8	Smiling , Barney raised his pen over the eighth and final contract before going on .
tr	10	His skills and sense of duty were two jaws of a trap closed on his life .
tr	8	His rage is subsiding , however slowly , and now his heightened focus will carry him to victory .
tr	9	" It also explains their ability to jump , " Valerie notes .
tr	7	Chin Chin Mike arrived pretty much on time , at about ten past six .
tr	8	But we 'll check all the trash barrels before leaving . "
tr	8	He didn 't know why but a sudden calm settled over him .
tr	6	Unlike the castle , with multiple exits , the perimeter fence possessed only one exit large enough for a carriage .
tr	6	" Thanks , " I turn away from him .
tr	8	As long as you 're all okay , that 's the main thing . "
tr	7	They know , I 'm sure of it .
tr	8	" If you do not take Hilda , " Gunnar said , " then I will serve you half-heartedly .
tr	8	" Sorry that we were away so long . "
tr	9	" Could be any of a thousand , " he began .
tr	7	He paused beside the altar and spoke in the tense stillness .
tr	8	Having drunk a couple of mouthfuls from the cup , the old man passed it to Michael and Alexander .
tr	11	Sidney seemed to think about that for a moment before she shook her head .
tr	9	It was strange enough with the recruits showing up -- now letters !
tr	10	Brazen severely punished any of his people who were impolite or rude to any of the people under their care .
tr	10	She could imagine his increasing wrath at her laughter but that only whipped the flames hotter .
tr	9	A solitary dog barked , warning his family of the train .
tr	6	He had a wide , swarthy face , a strong determined jaw and sharp , intelligent eyes .
tr	9	He released just as another cry burst through the night air .
tr	11	I must still be a bit loopy from everything that 's happened ! "
tr	9	When he got no immediate objection from the still confused state police captain , he went on .
tr	7	What are we dealing with here ? "
tr	9	The Arab was lithe and strong and wrenched his sleeve out of Dane 's grasp .
tr	8	The water in any quantity bigger than a raindrop was an element of the underworld .
tr	6	" A small , elite army can often defeat a larger one . "
tr	10	He suppressed the thought , reminding himself of the women in South America .
tr	8	The small , streamlined frigate lay waiting in the calm water .
tr	9	Need I remind you of the horror stories we 've heard about in other places ?
tr	8	one of them right on my patch in Hereford .
tr	11	The group decided they would go with him and not stay behind .
tr	6	In the same green planter , beside the Ficus bush , the old woman had stuck a lawn ornament .
tr	11	She wasn 't quite sure what to think of him yet .
tr	5	" There you go , " Braids said .
tr	6	The Commander 's mobile phone gave its discrete buzz in his pocket .
tr	10	You 'll learn from those you meet .
tr	8	He curses to himself with annoyance as he taps his CU .
tr	8	The man fell backwards and tumbled off the side of the tank .
tr	6	A set of cross hairs slide down and blink over the distant dock doors .
tr	6	With that , he turned and headed for his office .
tr	8	Bishop and his team headed straight for the C-5 outside the hangar .
tr	8	Her basket was half full , when she heard the child whimper .
tr	9	The world could be enslaved by intergalactic overlords and he wouldn 't even notice .
tr	8	" Ah , sure , that 's enough of that , " Nelly said .
tr	9	The woman told her the cost of the flight and asked for payment .
tr	8	Scott examined the little girl 's face and even though he saw fear there , he saw something else too .
tr	7	After CERN , a lot of the old stories were suddenly true , and I loaded my rounds accordingly .
tr	9	" You 're sure you 're not bleeding ? "
tr	10	We can 't lose now that we 've come this far . "
tr	8	A quick whistle from the bartender made them turn their heads .
tr	8	He was dressed in black , his uniform perfectly arranged .
tr	10	To claim what is rightfully yours ? "
tr	9	He pretended to be selling stolen vegetables .
tr	9	" That 's not gon na work , " Ted said .
tr	11	This was it - he felt his heart begin to soar - the Path led inside the Cathedral .
tr	11	The front of the van however was in chaos and there was a barricade of sorts separating me from them .
tr	11	He would say it was pain talking and didn 't make any sense .
tr	6	She put her hands firmly on them .
tr	9	" Yes , I should imagine that it is , " Lord Brogan answered , taking a sip of his wine .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	6	" That champion is a machine , he knocks out his opponent in no time flat .
tr	9	We are energy and creative god force at the very core of our being .
tr	8	Tim nodded then turned to leave .
tr	9	" A lot less than you might expect , I think , " Ted replied .
tr	7	Within moments the hunter felt a sharp pain on his backside and leaped to his feet with a shout .
tr	10	There was no sign of any of the servants , so it had to be very late .
tr	8	" Not ... gon na ... make ... it ! "
tr	10	They don 't know where we 'll be staying .
tr	11	There was plenty I wanted to say .
tr	8	After a couple of minutes , I realised the water wasn 't boiling .
tr	9	Being an effective tank crewmember took more than the ability to drive the vehicle or fire its weapon systems .
tr	9	The square was hollow , for an open courtyard spread out before us .
tr	9	Justin 's been helping me grow up .
tr	8	There is much that you will learn and see .
tr	6	" Don 't bother , " he said .
tr	8	He 's got some light shrapnel and his comm is down , but he 'll be fine .
tr	8	It was as she had expected .
tr	7	Water coming out of the ceiling formed puddles and pools on the floor .
tr	8	He could see them clearly now , the fierce hunger in their eyes .
tr	10	The rough wood jabbed into my back but I refused to show any pain to this bully .
tr	11	" I do believe she is correct . "
tr	8	Even if he knew the combination to the safe , it wouldn 't open without electric power .
tr	11	After a week of soul-searching , Mike had begun thinking of excuses to put his own name forward .
tr	9	They had brought provisions : smoked salmon and dry biscuits , and other travel fare .
tr	7	Finally one of the large men grabbed Andre and hoisted him off the chair .
tr	7	As far as I can tell , Gabe 's face always follows his energy .
tr	5	" Well , now , Your Lordship , that new lad , Gander , he 's not half bad . "
tr	9	" Why do you wan na know that ? "
tr	10	It 'd kill her to be in captivity . "
tr	6	just around the corner really ... ... .
tr	9	They didn 't have to wait long .
tr	11	She stumbled over the last word , obviously unused to saying it in Neil 's language .
tr	7	Her eyes smiled back as she nodded .
tr	9	I could see Dexter was nearly crying .
tr	7	At last the minibus climbed up a winding lane and arrived outside a long low building .
tr	7	" This plan is still out best chance , " Leah insisted .
tr	8	He knew that they had him .
tr	9	I added , before walking out of the tent .
tr	6	Thank you for your support .
tr	8	I 'm not letting her out of my sight . "
tr	10	The blast creates a sizeable hole in the stones , but fails to harm the resourceful boy .
tr	9	He then starts walking again , dragging the whimpering boy across the ground .
tr	8	Since the haze has been lifted , it is evident .
tr	5	' Yes they can , ' Ding Dong told him .
tr	8	Hopefully they 'll get lucky , save us a lot of agro .
tr	9	The stored corn was bundled and put into captured dugout canoes , readied for transport .
tr	5	STEP TWO : Shoot vermin , i.e. , the witch woman and the Wizard boy .
tr	11	" We might be able to regain the magic signal outside the building . "
tr	10	Shade sighed and motioned for me to sit by her with her hand .
tr	8	' We haven 't got time to argue .
tr	8	" Bad news , " Alejo frowned at her , then immediately began to pace .
tr	7	" And you 're the will of God ? "
tr	5	" Right foot , left foot , left elbow , touch light , touch light , touch light .
tr	10	" ... no , I 'm pretty sure she wasn 't acting alone .
tr	8	Hey , " said an exasperated buzzing voice from the other side of the blossom .
tr	8	After a couple of chews , he turned and said , " Guess I like feces . "
tr	10	As usual Viv had started it and , as usual , mum had finished it ... ... .
tr	8	Twisting his body to the side , Link narrowly avoids one of the projectiles while shooting down the other .
tr	9	How come you said that ?
tr	9	I moved quickly to the side of the gurney and reached for the man 's wrist .
tr	8	Again it was Eda that answered .
tr	6	" Because this ' Gabriel ' strikes me as a professional .
tr	10	" I meant nothing but that you need not risk your life on this errand . "
tr	8	He fumbled for words , playing with the coins absently .
tr	8	In this region alone I can think of about 50 such places . "
tr	8	But from where I 'm standing , competent enough . "
tr	6	" If we must ... " Onyx shoved his reluctant friend out of the room .
tr	5	" And very beautiful and - " " No , " I exclaimed .
tr	9	Ricky said to Tommy defending his friend , while Lex ate his cereal with his head down .
tr	9	Then the helmsman shouted : " There 's a whole school of sharks ahead ! "
tr	8	He rubbed his hands in the cool air and he looked pleased with the result .
tr	9	We can talk when I get there .
tr	10	" But did you ask them to disperse ? "
tr	5	My mother and father , my best friend , and my boyfriend were all killed .
tr	10	After overhearing the scavengers plan , his first instinct had been to talk to Lucas .
tr	6	" What word in the English language is always spelled incorrectly ? "
tr	7	So you 've just got in and the Lady 's feeling the ride , is it ?
tr	8	" This is the only entrance to the valley , we 'll come out this way . "
tr	7	" Oh , here we go , " the boy chuckles , rolling his eyes .
tr	7	Inch by inch , Jolie turned around .
tr	9	The evening settled in , the days were still relatively short but the rhythm of the farm continued unabated .
tr	11	You see ... she did that to keep you and Victoria alive . "
tr	7	When the blond fellow finished , he stood and silenced his comrades with a curt gesture .
tr	7	Tilting my head in every direction , I looked for the caster ; however , came up empty .
tr	6	Her picture on the screen accompanies her obituary .
tr	6	At least the throbbing had died down .
tr	10	However , somewhere behind them they did hear the flapping of two large pairs of wings .
tr	6	At its sound , the boy in the pool rippled and disappeared .
tr	8	No one else reacted ; all were frozen by the unfolding spectacle .
tr	7	Simon , only two metres above Steve , suddenly released himself from the spike and drove his fall towards his opponent .
tr	5	The bone structure was the exact same , hair the same shade , too .
tr	5	" You know , you 're right . "
tr	6	All through my childhood , Sophia and Marco rarely took me anywhere and never to a grocery store .
tr	7	Rodney sat in the back , his eyes wide with fear and his face bruised and bloody .
tr	5	" At her birth , my lady , " Ashe said .
tr	9	" You may be on to something there , Kay , " Rick acknowledged .
tr	9	She has always held a bitter remorse for the Princess , and more importantly , her effect on Link .
tr	9	From her lips it had the sound of someone summoning a servant .
tr	5	" Border Patrol owns Arizona .
tr	8	As the gory redhead landed on his chest , he stepped back .
tr	9	Ruth inhaled and Claire tensed , waiting for the repeated question .
tr	7	She heard all his sentences in her head again and watched her memories of him again and again .
tr	11	They looked conspicuously out-of-place and you had better believe I was profiling them .
tr	6	" That wasn 't close , " Archie said in disgust .
tr	7	One mistake in this and I 'm gone . "
tr	7	He had brown hair , was average height and had an average build .
tr	5	Too short , too skinny , pale skin , dark hair .
tr	8	She wiped it off onto her finger , stared at it and then finally shifted her gaze to Harry .
tr	7	If the townsfolk were up and about , very few would notice or talk to strangers .
tr	5	" I 'm not scared .
tr	9	Not because he can harm her , but because she loves him .
tr	7	He turned but made no move toward the bed .
tr	7	She walked over to the Hertz desk and rented a compact Fiesta .
tr	8	Therefore , I put my headphones in ears and waited to leave .
tr	9	~ Chris watched the back and forth like a ping pong game .
tr	7	You have it , I relinquish command . "
tr	7	She crawled into the kitchen and wrenched a drawer open .
tr	8	The second time that the guard was replaced that night , they were inattentive .
tr	10	He was dressed as the copilot of the long flight 's second flight crew .
tr	9	Childhood fears that had been outgrown .
tr	8	" It 's alright , I won 't hurt you , " said Andy .
tr	9	I need the element of surprise - and that 's where you come in . "
tr	8	He dragged it into the hollow of the tree .
tr	10	Yes , it was probably best to hear that from the man himself .
tr	7	" Izzy , can you draw his attention ? "
tr	5	" These shops , the Voodoo ones ... , " I began and Leif chuckled .
tr	10	Mark fell hard , onto his back , then began sliding backward , pulled by the steel cable .
tr	8	" Call me on the phone next time , " Mark said angrily .
tr	10	He paused to let the phrase sink in .
tr	7	The trail was uneven and covered in loose rocks , protruding tree roots , wet shale and rough grass .
tr	7	Enter the city , Rift , " he instructs with a newfound tone , only slightly friendlier than before .
tr	9	" Well , maybe I do at that , " he said as a thought came to him .
tr	10	That 's all we were to him .
tr	10	He was off out the door and running towards the manor house with a worried Stephens in tow .
tr	9	There were huge waves in front of them .
tr	10	He needed to stop doing this .
tr	10	Josie looked at Jimmy then at her own hands , which remained normal .
tr	6	It was a valid concern , but out of the possibilities the refugees attacking seemed more probable .
tr	10	She realized how isolated she was .
tr	9	Maybe you could go to her old broads ' tea hour and tell them about your prompts !
tr	8	If I dream of a new future , could I imagine a new present ?
tr	9	If you were nicer to me I would 've split the profits with you .
tr	9	Evidently the bear had been playing watchdog while the child ate .
tr	8	" The Irish aren 't afraid of a little bad weather , " Sarah said .
tr	6	She led him across the courtyard toward a stone building .
tr	10	Think you can handle it ? "
tr	6	Surprised , she responded , " It 's not so bad . "
tr	7	I nodded and pulled myself up on the seat .
tr	10	His head felt as if it had collided with a car , throbbing with every beat of his heart .
tr	10	It took hours to truly catch him , even though their geldings were quicker and lighter than his charger .
tr	9	Aimee climbed the steps on the side of the warehouse , and I followed .
tr	6	' So , you 're finally awake , ' he said evenly .
tr	7	Dad chuckled and talked , and I heard Frankie and Nancy and Gray .
tr	11	" This is for your trouble , " she explains , dropping a small bag of rupees on the counter .
tr	8	" I am tired of you slapping me .
tr	6	Cup of cocoa around nine , dead to the world at five past . ' '
tr	7	Stalin , mouth still full of food , beat him to it .
tr	9	In one motion , Cade vaulted over the rope into the nest of canvas and settled down beside her .
tr	5	" Well I never ... ... .
tr	5	" And so my brother Kol is finally avenged ! "
tr	10	Do you have trouble with acid indigestion ? "
tr	9	Josie also was wondering what to do .
tr	9	( and please don 't call my aircraft ' machinery ' , they are very sensitive ) .
tr	8	" They 'll just come do this to you eventually . "
tr	5	The map changes and the shape resumes its original , ever-shifting form .
tr	6	" Typical male logic , " said Jennie , " sure there isn 't another reason ? "
tr	9	He felt unarmed as he proceeded toward the wood .
tr	11	If he had to guess , he would say Sandal was from Iran or Iraq , and Tabor from Israel .
tr	7	In a flash , she grabbed her car keys and her badge and bolted from her desk .
tr	10	He wished they 'd either get together or move on .
tr	8	It held him up , in a seated position , his legs sprawled out in front of him .
tr	10	" A trait you 're not accustomed to obviously . "
tr	7	Not when his energy calms every time he picks up the damn thing .
tr	8	The motorcycles ' headlights cut through the heavy darkness of the cornfield under the stars .
tr	10	Trying to get me to leave .
tr	9	And then he asked Sophia : " Go down to the spring and bring me some water . "
tr	7	They didn 't think at all about bear hunting .
tr	5	Gabe lied , they 're plain and white .
tr	11	Claire felt as if ice were sliding down the inside of her skin .
tr	8	" We should have a positive connection and power feed , partner , " VIN said to Jonesy .
tr	9	His friend hesitated , then turned to Alejo with a pained look in his eyes .
tr	11	She was tall , unlike her mother , easily as tall as he was .
tr	10	It had begun to rain in the night .
tr	6	That girl was always on Facebook .
tr	9	She was going to expose us .
tr	7	" Thirty seconds to release .
tr	7	The other Hunter was back on his feet , gun in hand .
tr	10	The art has been painted and repainted for thousands of years .
tr	11	Kayla was very clingy and refused to let go of me .
tr	11	" I think we should put the books in this , " Daniel said .
tr	11	She froze immediately , listening for any indication that anybody had heard her .
tr	9	The youth strolled lazily forward to stand next to the fire .
tr	7	" Lessons first , if you feel energetic enough , " Mana insisted .
tr	11	The data was timely and had proven to make life more convenient .
tr	10	Chapter 40 " See if you can keep up , " Gabe says .
tr	10	I realized I was in a transparent space capsule .
tr	6	The priest is giving me the eye .
tr	7	She looked at us at the table , searched our heads and then frown lines creased her brow .
tr	9	Then they had set up a raid to revenge the murder .
tr	8	I pressed my head against the icy metal of the door .
tr	10	Chase bent his knees so he could see Sofia wide and clear .
tr	6	" Ham and cheese , chicken salad , some nice crisp carrots , and a big hunk of apple pie .
tr	9	She wasn 't sure exactly when her confidence had eroded and then left her altogether .
tr	9	I will get my weapons , he thought , and talk to Waving Willow to learn more .
tr	9	Not bothering to change her clothes , she got up and listened at the door .
tr	7	' She got them on a school trip to the city last summer -- can you believe it ?
tr	8	The priest spoke in a more forceful voice than his normal lilt .
tr	9	" Why would they want to ride a beetle ? "
tr	9	The room was lit only from the fires in their respective hearths .
tr	9	" But in this old girl we 'll be there in about an hour and a half . "
tr	10	I looked up to see the antenna quickly approaching me .
tr	6	Thankfully , exhaustion overcame grief quickly , and her breathing became slow and even .
tr	6	Better yet , don 't talk , " Taylor advised .
tr	10	He wondered if she thought that about him .
tr	10	The Prince felt heat flood his cheeks in embarrassment and shame at being handled in such a way .
tr	10	She breathed a sigh of relief as the adults turned back to each other and continued their conversation .
tr	9	So you shouldn 't do that when you see a Cat .
tr	8	" What was the first thing you seriously asked ? "
tr	10	Stunned , Cade focused all his energy on keeping his face smooth -- this was not the time to be transparent .
tr	10	A heads-up display will tell you what 's going on .
tr	10	Most of the zombies seem to have gravitated to this neighborhood .
tr	5	X 's and S 's .
tr	10	She looked at John waiting for a sign of understanding .
tr	8	" You should really clean this thing once in a while , " I toss the hat back at him .
tr	5	" Man , those guys are crazy . "
tr	9	Simon tried without success to wake him so had to carry him to his bed .
tr	9	" Everything will be fine with you my dear .
tr	9	Connie had kept her biologist eye on the river and lake and would often remark about the changes she was witnessing .
tr	7	As far as we know , they broke into our rooms .
tr	9	Do I want to sleep with Marlon ?
tr	10	She covered her eyes when she began to cry .
tr	10	There are seven people who know about it already ; that 's probably seven too many .
tr	7	Landon hit a rabbit with his slingshot -- he was really not bad .
tr	5	Celeste , the professed ghost whisperer and cable TV " celebrity , " fainted .
tr	9	Steve then proceeded to get the truck driver 's attention .
tr	6	Waited for some small movement , a gesture , a tilt of the head , the sound of her voice .
tr	7	She was already making her way to the tunnel .
tr	11	" We don 't know what lies in there , " Sofia said .
tr	7	" Okay , I should be there in about fifteen minutes . "
tr	10	He 'd already had his suspicions confirmed : Peruvian , worth eight whatevers in Peru .
tr	8	When he was about twenty yards from the barricade he heard " That 's far enough .
tr	8	Let me introduce Lieutenant General Clarence Anderson and Major General Butch Matthews .
tr	6	Thiago , the White Wolf , the general , the Warlord 's son and right hand , had ignored him .
tr	6	" Hmm , you better get a move on , " I say and release myself from him .
tr	6	And without another word , Minister Drake strolled quickly out of the unit .
tr	8	He matched the woman 's pace , stalking out into the afternoon sun .
tr	10	Gema sank to her knees , tears flowing unashamedly down her face .
tr	11	Was that not enough for me to trust you ? "
tr	8	Eda sniffed and wiped the back of her hand over her cheeks .
tr	6	" Hello there Gem , how are you this afternoon ?
tr	9	Let 's get down there now ... quietly and quickly ... sun 'll be up in a few minutes . " .
tr	7	He was tired to the bone .
tr	9	And with that response both agents did not speak again until they reached the hotel .
tr	6	" The fruit of my sins , " he said , " is now before me .
tr	10	While standing in line , Chris turned occasionally to watch folks enter the large room .
tr	8	You can 't start a new community looking over your shoulder . "
tr	8	Natalie and Sophia sat themselves down behind one of the vacant tables .
tr	7	Michael and Ben embraced their mothers and the Angel congratulated them all on their great victory .
tr	9	She slowly faced me and shook her head no , then hurried into her house .
tr	10	Tony 's comment revealed just how much his nerves were wearing on him .
tr	9	It 's a good thing he lived , or we might not have . "
tr	6	" Let 's just sit here a little while longer . "
tr	9	" As a bonded couple , " she spouted , " we will have to do this every morning . "
tr	9	" Without our powers we are just human , the very same people you have condemned and murdered ! "
tr	7	He raised his lance , horizontally , above his head and stretched his arms toward the sky .
tr	8	" You have some big shoes to fill .
tr	10	" Be quiet at once , all of you , " Mana 's voice declared .
tr	11	I try to change the subject without being obvious .
tr	6	Whereas Foal was still a medium-sized wolf , rather than a minute sausage dog .
tr	10	Not that kind of bill , the kind you find on a bird ! "
tr	5	" I beg your pardon ? "
tr	5	" So many names , so many people , and they are all gone .
tr	6	" Go on , " Kurt said with a soft smile .
tr	9	I 'm not sure the words even make sense .
tr	5	I recognize , Andrew , Eva , Gabriel , Catherine and Jackson immediately .
tr	8	Those shoes do fit your uniform , " Sarah said not looking away from her sketch .
tr	10	What I 'd like to do is share some thoughts with Jenny .
tr	6	He pulls open a drawer .
tr	10	I tucked them into the holsters on my thighs and loaded a handful of magazines in the belt at my waist .
tr	10	Maybe they were putting her on the late train , since she had missed the other departures .
tr	11	It was like treading the floors of Hell with evil stars blinking overhead .
tr	5	" What do you mean ? "
tr	5	Suddenly , a loud , muffled rumble shook the floor .
tr	7	Parking the ATV by a gate he stepped out through the long grass into the woodland . .
tr	9	He should realise he needs you too . '
tr	5	* * * Our first mission .
tr	6	Psychology teacher , shorter and bald , with a sharp mind that man .
tr	6	And then , eight months ago , through well-intentioned but foolish friends , this came out in the public . "
tr	11	I can almost see the memories playing across his mind , pressing sharp nails against his psyche .
tr	10	Said Lars , playing with me , hugging me , and stealing from me a big sensual kiss .
tr	10	They had no interest in what he was thinking or his intentions .
tr	11	A moment later they heard his whistling , growing fainter as he headed towards the palace .
tr	7	He spun a net of Wind , opening the doors slowly .
tr	5	" My God , GQ , sometimes you are such a girl . "
tr	7	" Not every man , " I cut in gently , touching her arm .
tr	7	Reid silently drew out the chair next to him .
tr	7	Tents were taken down and the camp packed up .
tr	7	" Let me go , " suggested the boss , " only I have just one request . "
tr	5	Kade , Asha , Max and Mia were a big help , too . "
tr	6	Respect and discipline were of the utmost importance .
tr	5	" Few suspicious deaths , probably nothing , " he answers .
tr	9	" I noticed it was a Ford and it looked black . "
tr	6	No sentimentality , no regrets , my last trip to the slaughterhouse , kind people doing a creepy job .
tr	11	" I 'm guessing his center has been active from birth .
tr	9	It feels good to have a purpose .
tr	11	Please tell Zoe we care about her , and our grandchild .
tr	6	Frank looked up at him for a few moments before answering .
tr	5	Several minutes later , Janet 's mom emerged , flushed and teary-eyed .
tr	7	When Elaina handed Landon his plate , however , he dropped it with a crash .
tr	5	" Yeah I know , " said Andy irritably .
tr	9	This is the answer to all of our problems ! "
tr	8	He broke from his grandfather 's tight grip and caught up to the two idiotic men .
tr	7	" Two of the guards are running at us ! "
tr	6	" You 'd better take a two way . "
tr	11	It seemed strange how they gravitated to familiar surroundings when they weren 't otherwise occupied .
tr	8	Soon Gunnar and Brand arrived at the shore of the Black River .
tr	6	" Well maybe it is and maybe it isn 't , " said Maggie .
tr	9	What once had been a small square room was now huge and almost round .
tr	10	Placing the various monarchs back on their thrones used to be the main objective of each Courtier .
tr	11	You have too much on your mind to worry about a little baggage like that .
tr	7	Roberto asked stoically , eyebrows raised , his hands on his hips .
tr	10	Can 't make very nice milk if we don 't feed them grain , do you think ? "
tr	7	I asked the man , keeping my tone casual .
tr	6	After a quick glance he nodded , and the man opened the bottle .
tr	11	Psycho who likes to mock me .
tr	5	Not the entire face , not the entire body , but he knew her eyes .
tr	7	From a shelf halfway up , Kurt pulled out a pair of olive green cargo shorts .
tr	11	Kevin headed to the tack room while Missy grabbed a couple of lead lines and climbed over the fence .
tr	9	Tiny licks of flame leapt up just long enough to burn them to cinders .
tr	7	The silhouettes of the wolves appeared as evil spirits , dancing along the ridge top .
tr	6	Beneath the turgid surface , the outline of her body writhed like a naked eel .
tr	11	The chair and Tony crashed to the floor accompanied by his yell of pain .
tr	9	This is meant to be an all-female dorm .
tr	11	They had been standing in a row by the steps , forgotten in the tumult .
tr	6	But in all honesty , a lot of things made absolutely no sense at all .
tr	11	" I thought you liked me just for my red hair and other attributes , " she said laughing .
tr	5	Rupert 's cool blue eyes flashed .
tr	6	For some reason , he couldn 't dismiss the thought quite so quickly this time .
tr	11	The look he shot her was derisive .
tr	7	They traveled in a half run , all the way to the river .
tr	10	If he was directed to go , however , he went with happy memories of merrymaking .
tr	8	They operated on the same principle as the tag holders on store merchandise .
tr	9	" You 'd best be careful with your insults , " said Harald .
tr	8	When two or more were attacking you , your chances weren 't so good .
tr	7	" Uh , nothing , nothing at all , I was just ... looking around , that 's all . "
tr	6	In the loudest voice a little girl could manage , Julie made them quiet .
tr	8	" Go ahead and tell him , George , it 's your story . "
tr	10	On the other hand he had Lucas trying to embarrass him .
tr	7	" What the merry devil - ! "
tr	6	Just you and me , for the next week until you give me the answer . "
tr	9	Their spirits return to the north and keep a constant vigil for the return of their quest . "
tr	7	But I 'll still try and communicate with your mom . "
tr	9	" For your curiosity , yes , I care about him and I think we are much more then friends .
tr	7	I opened it and stepped across the threshold .
tr	7	Her mother had been right ; this was certainly a man 's world .
tr	7	" We don 't really have any choice , " answered Butch .
tr	8	Jen and I walked down there when we were there .
tr	7	He reached through the Raven Talisman , searching ... and there he was .
tr	8	" Tell me of the two kingdoms of the north . "
tr	9	It felt good to be alive .
tr	11	Jeff shook his head , " Where you go to pee and crap . "
tr	9	The beads of sweat dropped from her forehead as prayers fell from my lips . "
tr	11	" And I would be interested in whatever you have seen .
tr	11	He was unhappy as he 'd received his order of enrolment into the military .
tr	9	Mark shrugged - that did make a lot of sense .
tr	10	Maybe I 'd end up in a hospital next to Malcolm .
tr	10	I put in less than three gallons so wherever they came from must have been close .
tr	7	For me , this is it , just to the rafters .
tr	11	The two guards looked at each other and then Meeks started unlocking the shackles , cursing under his breath .
tr	11	Ted could see now that Melody was thin , almost painfully so .
tr	11	It was easy enough for him to stick his hand inside and unlock it .
tr	9	His Lordship was very convincing , and the money was so easy to earn !
tr	7	" I can 't do this , " Ilia mumbles , shaking her head .
tr	6	In one , quick motion , Serena grabs a grey , sleek fin and pulls .
tr	7	Kurt stared down at his feet , and then looked back at Amy .
tr	7	Lord Brogan 's voice was gentle but his eyes , beneath their drooping lids , were steely .
tr	6	Luckily the hand guard of his dagger caught her blade and ruined his first attack .
tr	10	Oh shit , Susan thought in the thick darkness and tasted blood in her mouth .
tr	6	" Shall I take the fiddle then , " asked Lucifer , " since it is practically useless ? "
tr	7	But then the pan rose over my head , and I brought it down .
tr	9	The timing and technique is familiar to him , though the skills far exceed his perception just the same .
tr	7	Without hesitation , she led us through various passages and across rooms .
tr	7	" Meaning , we got nothin ' , private , absolutely nothin ' , " Hawk thundered .
tr	10	Harald snapped his head toward her with bared teeth , his eyes filled with rage .
tr	10	Though I must say , what passes for ale these days be sorely lacking .
tr	9	We 're pretty safe here , " Uncle Jeff assured the boys as he removed his toolbox from the truck .
tr	6	Narrow windows on the right overlooked an enclosed courtyard .
tr	11	Savannah says coming to stand next to me .
tr	9	" I refuse to eat with that man .
tr	5	Instead of a uniform , he wore a rumpled , light brown suit .
tr	7	At least you are still alive , and it seems not an embarrassment to your family .
tr	9	a heavyset male dancer curses upon feeling the warm liquid spray into his face .
tr	5	And because life is just so , so , so good . "
tr	9	It wasn 't always what Zeal said ; it was how she said it .
tr	6	" Of course , my Lady , " he said and gave a proper bow .
tr	7	Impossibly , the human had been holding back before .
tr	6	Win or lose , though , his honor is restored . "
tr	10	" I know , he 's young , but he 's better with a sword than half the guard .
tr	6	With a loud clatter the top of the first shape flung completely open .
tr	9	Immediately falling through , Rift lands clumsily upon solid ground as the hole above him quickly closes .
tr	11	Zeal had now been unwittingly drawn into a state of affairs that neither of us understood .
tr	9	It 's nice to meet you .
tr	9	We have new information and must decide our next course of action . "
tr	8	Then she fanned the light over my body and asked , " Where 's your bag ?
tr	9	" He used to be a totally different person . "
tr	9	Out in the hall , he heard his mother 's voice as she called for him .
tr	6	Sarah frowned and caught her husband 's eye .
tr	10	The town of Murray was mostly quiet , which he thought of as a good thing .
tr	7	" I do too , " she whispered and then kissed me on the cheek .
tr	10	Scott looked around the bones again but saw nothing that even closely resembled a wallet .
tr	7	asked Mitchell , clearly growing exasperated .
tr	11	You said you need to move something .
tr	8	" You left it behind in the back seat of the plane when it crashed .
tr	9	He lifted his hand and the dagger flew from his fingers .
tr	10	" I did what I had to do .
tr	8	Atticus said they were your favorite . "
tr	5	Yes , it was probably my fault . "
tr	9	" If Keira starts swooning ... make sure and ... catch her . "
tr	10	William caught and held Victoria 's eyes for a moment , desperately trying to convey his impatience .
tr	11	Do you want me tae ? "
tr	8	They reached the bottom , and , despite their exhaustion , continued through the black pines .
tr	9	He would think I was crazy .
tr	10	Each seat was occupied by a scientist , each of them busily speaking at the same time .
tr	8	Neil , however , couldn 't hear what she said .
tr	11	He knew it would have been easier for him .
tr	6	The wait these many years may not be over .
tr	9	" What do you think you are doing ?
tr	11	" Mrs. Williams , if you would be so kind as to pass the mustard .
tr	9	And Church works to undercut all other beliefs ; everyone knows it . "
tr	6	Even Victoria raised her hands but her brother shook his head .
tr	7	You may accompany me for now .
tr	8	Excepting it wasn 't James that I shot .
tr	10	The dying notes echoed into the distance as Terry was lowered into the ground .
tr	11	Me that I want to get into line . "
tr	6	And even I can 't send you back .
tr	5	Deep sigh and change of subject .
tr	10	" It 's probably just propaganda , I 'm sure your family is okay , " he whispered .
tr	8	You , too , " she said , turning to David .
tr	9	" Come on , " Kevin said as he pushed passed them .
tr	10	You know more than half the people in this land have native blood in them .
tr	10	With his final stride , Ted jumped for the top of the front fender of the car .
tr	10	This ratio meant that relatively small potential differences could create very high exhaust velocities .
tr	5	A down payment , it was called .
tr	10	I didn 't want any of it to happen and now I 'm not sure how to fix it . "
tr	8	" You 'll all be knowing me , " he said .
tr	10	Are you going to hurl ? "
tr	9	He hoped that he had phrased his request correctly .
tr	7	" Just wait for the story ; you 'll learn soon enough .
tr	6	Being inside an automobile with someone else driving made York nervous no matter the distance .
tr	6	' No , that would be far too easy .
tr	7	There was silence for a while .
tr	8	" Yes sir ... I 'll do my best , " the helmsman replies , his voice raw .
tr	9	He was now between me and the door so I couldn 't just cut and run .
tr	11	' I think I 've had enough of this .
tr	10	Walking outside was as refreshing as putting her head in an oven .
tr	7	After a few more heartbeats , with only the forest 's sounds echoing around us , I heard his voice .
tr	6	Not even any Kryptonite in this story , " I said , my chin resting on my palm .
tr	9	It came from somewhere ahead of her , and to the left .
tr	7	She hesitates , then politely asks the man , " Excuse me , Sir , may I ask your name ? "
tr	7	I made big eyes , felting a big headache .
tr	8	He found Lilly Ann in shorts and T-shirt gathering the ingredients for a hearty breakfast .
tr	8	Her hand moved over him in a caress and his body reacted to the soft , gentle touch .
tr	7	The minister , seeing us , was very embarrassed and made his talk very short .
tr	11	This close , it was impossible to limit the sweep of his spirit through hers .
tr	11	However , it does not change the fact that I have feelings for you .
tr	11	If only she 'd managed to read her emails the night before .
tr	8	" So much for the minders , " he thought " where the hell are they ? "
tr	10	One tried to touch her but she slapped him playfully and chuckled when he took his hand away sheepishly .
tr	10	Surely some of those many flyers would result in people coming through the door .
tr	7	Though it took a moment , Chris felt the blood drain from his face .
tr	11	My friend was kind enough to introduce me to your aunt and uncle ; they were simply wonderful .
tr	7	Their jaws are set almost identically .
tr	10	He wondered if perhaps Lady Adele had berated him for the deceit .
tr	5	" Surely , you 're joking ? "
tr	8	It would have stretched a woman senseless on the floor .
tr	10	" I think he may have finished his quest .
tr	10	I don 't wan na see Pox die .
tr	10	So , forgetting about what you didn 't achieve , what do you now want ? "
tr	8	The cliché was a bit much , but seeing the others around the room , it was true .
tr	6	' Lucas , ' Reid said softly behind me .
tr	8	" So that 's how it is , " she asked with a look of mock indignation .
tr	6	Through blank and pallor faces , some stared out into nothingness as shock deadened reality .
tr	11	Mazza always selected his best students to serve as captain of the Watson .
tr	6	" We are the police , " Seth said and hung his head .
tr	6	It was a painfully slow journey .
tr	11	We offer to pay the doctor for his services , but he insists not .
tr	7	I 'd never noticed them before .
tr	6	" Where 've you been George ? "
tr	9	It is the most loyal friend you will ever have .
tr	5	" Where had that stubborn sea captain gone ? "
tr	11	I have friends I have to help .
tr	11	" I need to find Janelle before we leave this place .
tr	11	So , do you have to choose a tribe ? "
tr	6	The brothers look at each other .
tr	5	A red flash followed , and then blue and orange .
tr	8	She would keep him on his toes but he would keep her in his arms .
tr	10	Mandy 's right it is sounding insane . '
tr	11	Dane could tell that he wanted to try .
tr	9	Or why they 're trying to kill me again . '
tr	11	I mean , think of what will happen to my already outstanding reputation !
tr	7	That would be just about everyone .
tr	7	His jaw began opening and closing incessantly , much like a fabled ghoul .
tr	7	interrupted the priest , crossing himself .
tr	8	She surprised him almost every day , and there was not a scared bone in her body .
tr	7	However , his silence and his inactive participation in their afternoon classes were his signs of unusual nonchalance .
tr	11	Her hands shook and she kept them away from the open door , eyes glued to the scene unfolding outside .
tr	10	Robbie felt a stitch coming on and slowed watching George move further ahead .
tr	9	He climbed in and wheeled around front to await his five passengers .
tr	7	Sat next to him in church ?
tr	8	When she opened them , all the humor and mischief were gone , replaced with focused intensity .
tr	8	Canton would have Gabe 's laugh -- a free , warm chuckle .
tr	10	People are expecting you to be there on time . "
tr	10	Who tells me I am wrong ? "
tr	7	Even if she had proof , the military would never share that tidbit with the media .
tr	7	" Well , don 't keep him out there in the cold man .
tr	10	A single effort of the wind will not change the mountain but persistence will wear it down , erode it . "
tr	9	Please don 't let me be responsible for his life .
tr	10	Unless we want to eat them .
tr	6	He then rang an unlisted number at the DEA .
tr	10	There was traffic noise in the background , the distinctive high-low warble of a UK ambulance somewhere nearby .
tr	6	' But all aircraft have rear view mirrors ' Sally moaned .
tr	9	But a couple of the more elderly men were not able to flee so quickly .
tr	7	Riki made a harsh sound of disgust .
tr	10	Hiro looked at Soul who met his gaze .
tr	7	A pirate had fallen in love with her .
tr	9	I hoped she 'd be here .
tr	11	If I 'm going to keep my job I need blog traffic .
tr	9	Sandra was suitably distracted , and we disappeared off into a multitude of aircraft hangars .
tr	9	His movements are not fast in the typical sense , but appear meditated upon until their execution .
tr	7	' When you have a dog , you can call it Bob . '
tr	7	All my dreams of college , becoming a rock star , and someday baking the perfect chocolate chip cookie disappeared .
tr	8	They all gathered and locked arms around each other , taking in the view .
tr	9	She wondered why she had done that .
tr	5	" Oh , just in the normal , country fashion . "
tr	10	" Look , I understand you 're confused - your memory is partially gone ... " Campbell said sympathetically .
tr	11	If you accept , I would like to propose a time of discipleship here , at the farm .
tr	8	He clutches the headrest with both hands and peers at me .
tr	10	The other attacker started to swing the club in a downward motion .
tr	8	' How did you -- ' Olsson 's voice was interrupted by Reid 's near silent shot .
tr	10	" You send me off to my death while you sit on your cushioned throne .
tr	7	Because at this point the friendship part was hurting a lot more .
tr	8	The figure in front of me is gone .
tr	7	On tiptoe she glided across the hall and vanished through an open door .
tr	10	And his voice did not change when he talked about his brother .
tr	10	" There are three low ranking members of the ship 's crew waiting for you outside your cabin .
tr	5	At the same time , Cuddles ' teeth slowed and finally stopped .
tr	11	Hailey loved the heat almost as much as having her back rubbed by her Mama .
tr	8	" Marine archeologists will be along in the next few days , " Haskins answered .
tr	5	Sweat covered her forehead , face , neck , arms and legs .
tr	5	Super fun beginning , great story , and an ending that won 't disappoint .
tr	11	You 've been a member of the Brotherhood longer 'n anyone alive .
tr	11	A soldier who didn 't need to eat , to drink , to even breathe .
tr	9	I was stunned as the two salesmen from Industrial Products leapt in unison at our potential client .
tr	11	If you don 't want to take my offer , then we will simply find someone else ! "
tr	9	Your mother let you take your own chances and learn from your mistakes .
tr	11	After all , I wouldn 't be here at all if it weren 't for them . "
tr	10	See what he has to say .
tr	7	Partly out of anger and partly out of fear , the Prince lost control of himself .
tr	7	He turns back toward the mysterious door and raises an eyebrow at it .
tr	10	Now she wished she 'd paid a little more attention to them at Georges .
tr	8	Perhaps finding refuge in mundane tasks , he turned to his keyboard and began to type .
tr	11	There were gallons of broad spectrum anti-biotics on board , even nutritional supplements .
tr	6	" If I work , I 'll need these shackles off . "
tr	7	A sound came from just over her left shoulder but she didn 't turn .
tr	8	He then pulled a small pistol out of his jacket breast pocket and another object from the side pocket .
tr	8	' Allow me to introduce myself .
tr	11	Behind her Hailey pressed forward to see why she had gasped .
tr	7	Suddenly , as the view descended , the names and boundaries of the countries were superimposed on the image .
tr	6	It just meant no more movie nights or runs to our favorite taco stand in town .
tr	9	Everybody seems to like him back in Bolivia .
tr	10	Rick wasn 't prepared to let that happen .
tr	9	But then , he looked to be quite ancient , and he was a caster .
tr	9	" That and the brave souls over on the Achilles kept us from getting wiped out .
tr	6	" Our parents were smart but also naïve in many ways .
tr	9	Skull laughed wickedly , gesturing her servants to leave .
tr	11	They had brought a wrecker to help pull abandoned vehicles out of the roadways .
tr	7	" I couldn 't possibly offer any better advice than that !
tr	6	" Whatever you have , " the Prince responded quickly .
tr	7	After a few moments Rafe 's smile faded , and they all fell back into an uncomfortable silence .
tr	7	There is a rush in the night airs .
tr	9	I was meant to be here .
tr	8	Now , I let my hand rest in the bowl of water until the fish forget the intrusion .
tr	10	But lem me see , your first question was ... ? "
tr	9	This is part of Williams 's project , and now he was part of the project too .
tr	11	It was painful to watch all of them live pathetic lives .
tr	11	" Do you plan to jump tonight ? "
tr	8	Just a couple of years earlier , movies portraying life in a post-apocalyptic world had been quite popular .
tr	7	But nothing disturbed the silence of the thickets .
tr	8	The moment his lips met hers , he felt her shudder gently and then she kissed him back .
tr	8	Not surprising for the house of a pastry chef .
tr	10	I walked out into the hall spinning two tear gas canisters by the pull rings with my index fingers .
tr	11	A smile trembled on her lips even as tears rushed forth to spill down her face .
tr	11	Derrick and Dane are in charge of corralling the sheep and collecting the blood .
tr	11	Welcome to the home of Mister Joseph Klein , Minister of War for His Majesty King Martin III . "
tr	5	" This button activates the waste processing system . "
tr	7	Almost before his tires stopped moving , a two-story door trundled open on rusty wheels .
tr	8	Just me , " she concludes , slamming the door as she exits .
tr	8	Despite the attacks , Reggie was still surprised he lost .
tr	6	' Say also , ' said Gandalf , ' that to crooked eyes truth may wear a wry face . '
tr	10	Walking over to the edge , he looked down to see a tidal wave , twenty feet high , racing inland .
tr	8	With shaking hands he said , " Cisco , my dear friend . "
tr	7	In the end of course the decision was all about money .
tr	8	The familiar hum of the nodes greeted her with its subtle songs of static .
tr	7	Curling into a defensive position , he stares at the Queen with timid eyes .
tr	10	Raphael asked pulling up in front of shutter doors .
tr	11	" Now let 's go before one does , " Rick grunted .
tr	7	A chess game sat on the table , half played .
tr	10	His scrubbing also revealed a few letters and glimpses of designs carved into the coins .
tr	9	" So , who are we protecting ? "
tr	11	Are you going to open it ? "
tr	10	None bothered turning their heads when the door opened and Lucas walked in .
tr	7	I 've heard them all .
tr	11	I don 't know who 's paying for my accommodation here . '
tr	11	She welcomes death like a cold man welcomes a fire , like a lover welcomes a kiss .
tr	5	" Are you ready , my lady ? "
tr	8	' Are we in the presence of her proposed replacement ? '
tr	7	Pablo sighed deeply , eyes boring into his son 's .
tr	8	" ' Tis none of your concern . "
tr	6	" Even if I fall , someone else will rise and defeat you all .
tr	9	She moved over making me space .
tr	11	Meanwhile , the man in green leaps several stairs at a time to close the distance to his waiting antagonist .
tr	9	In that place that knew no time , the sound went on monotonously until , abruptly , it stilled .
tr	9	That voice sounded so familiar but in the same time not to friendly for my ears , having a cold tone .
tr	11	" If Finan needs to rest then he must rest , " he replied .
tr	6	Jolie 's voice roared above the crowd .
tr	11	He slowly walked towards me , leaning every so often on the stout cane he carried .
tr	10	That is what she felt over the boy and to the infant on his arms .
tr	5	" Are you guys all right ?
tr	8	That 's what this is all really about . "
tr	10	To be honest , we didn 't even know if Mercedes would be home .
tr	8	There is only one road leading to our cottage and that 's mostly dirt and rock .
tr	7	What would you have me do ?
tr	11	They have a right to know the truth of this wreck . "
tr	8	His celebrity status since arriving several days ago was not diminished .
tr	9	Help is a sign of weakness , weakness a sign of unworthiness .
tr	10	I kept asking where Tammy was , and he wouldn 't tell me .
tr	8	" Sorry , Mum , I 'm not the only person heading back from the coast .
tr	8	" You started it -- you shouldn 't have taken Claire .
tr	11	Dust exploded from surfaces that had never moved before .
tr	10	Second , the volunteers would come back as soon as the fire was out .
tr	9	Roberto moved forward , in between them , his sword drawn , anger in his voice and eyes .
tr	8	At the mention of her daughter 's name the mother immediately turned her head .
tr	6	The village originally formed as a meeting place for miners , loggers and trappers .
tr	6	Seconds later , our convoy screeched to a halt around the Pennsylvania Avenue tower .
tr	8	We camped under the stars and were bothered by no one .
tr	10	" Why didn 't Peter get sick if he was drinking all those Bloody Marys ? "
tr	11	Marjorie came in carrying the tray and noticed him looking carefully at some of the photos .
tr	11	" I was too weak to pull it off until recently anyway . "
tr	10	She swung her mug in a small circle to keep the artificial creamer mixed in .
tr	9	There was nothing I could say .
tr	9	The man tried to open the door but Jen had her knee against it .
tr	10	I could have refused to take it .
tr	10	" Enough , ladies , " Harald said , stepping in to block Kenna .
tr	9	Men are more trouble than a room full of creative directors .
tr	5	The stumbling , staggering movement pricked up its ears .
tr	7	The large man introduced himself and then turned back towards Logan .
tr	10	We need to reduce speed by 500 knots , " VIN said .
tr	11	Back in her cloaked attire , she passes by a beggar sleeping beneath a tree at the entrance .
tr	10	She wanted to reach out and -- she jerked her hand back to her side , hoping he had not noticed .
tr	9	He held up his good hand , as if to shield himself .
tr	8	What will happen to her ?
tr	5	And your old girlfriend , she 's okay now , right ? "
tr	10	I get in one of them and I told the drive in Greek to take me at Blue Paradise Hotel .
tr	11	I want her to know I 'm okay .
tr	7	Rain began , at first a drizzle and then a downpour .
tr	10	He leaned back as if supported by the music .
tr	7	When the last connection was gone , a desperate lunge tumbled him out of the confining shape .
tr	8	The others peered in longing to hold the hawk .
tr	9	" You two -- with me , " he said , motioning to the third pair .
tr	6	Inside the barn is ... oh no .
tr	9	Lilith hadn 't been her favorite person in the world , but she hadn 't deserved this fate .
tr	9	Mai announces after contemplating a moment herself .
tr	10	' I didn 't think it was important , ' he said , flushing slightly .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , Mr. Princeton , " Beth said , " but it 's standard coffee this afternoon . "
tr	8	He waited patiently for her to wake , the fear and anger still raging within .
tr	11	He sighed , already missing the freedom that he had enjoyed just the day before .
tr	5	This close contact was new , awkward and uncomfortable .
tr	6	" Nice shooting , " Lace said with a smile .
tr	7	" I don 't think so , little brothers , " Dave yelled .
tr	6	Her throat was dry and she was hungry .
tr	10	Who knew if he was really telling the truth .
tr	11	She had wanted to stand up to him for years , but had never before had the self-confidence to do so .
tr	11	You have helped me more than words can say .
tr	5	" You are very brave , Captain . "
tr	10	Angelique panted in the heat and from the exertion of running .
tr	11	' She is that and I was about to find out how .
tr	9	" I know you don 't really believe that .
tr	6	Her body suddenly shakes from her sobs as the tears flow .
tr	11	All conversation stopped as he walked down slowly , one heavy footstep dragging the next .
tr	7	" When he finally grabbed my hand it was so sweaty but I didn 't care .
tr	7	Gabe pulls the cap out of his bag and brushes it off .
tr	6	Taylor whispered into her ear .
tr	5	In fact , everything was now much , much worse !
tr	8	He still refused to fall , turning , turning , tugging at the shafts .
tr	11	" I was only wondering , Master , if perhaps you might need me here with you ? "
tr	11	Noah came up on his feet , and spun to face the direction of the attack .
tr	10	Indeed , Fate itself had predicted the situation , though the result certainly remained to interpretation .
tr	8	The only one to speak was Tate , and she said , " Well , there it is , folks .
tr	10	You don 't really have to be saying anything . "
tr	10	Let me know what you find .
tr	9	' She 's quite a lady , isn 't she ? '
tr	8	" Then when we 're outta here , I get to say ' I told you so . ' "
tr	8	" How the heck did you push a truck twenty miles in an hour and a half ? "
tr	9	Since Peter had retired he 'd become senior assistant at Moor Allerton Golf Club in North Leeds .
tr	7	As we jumped him he flew away . "
tr	10	Going out there now is not the most direct route to your getting back to your son . "
tr	9	They had also taken endless amusement at his long adjustment to zero G .
tr	8	As soon as she had the clue , I took off after the lady with the scarf .
tr	11	An authority which seemed to have lost its edge .
tr	10	Almost to himself , he added , " I want to work west .
tr	9	He said , stepping back from their path and leaving them alone on the deck .
tr	7	Her waist was cinched small , according to the latest fashion .
tr	11	he heard Robyn ask before he dozed off .
tr	7	The anger grows bigger and bigger inside of me .
tr	11	He bounded to his feet and offered Barbara his arm , which she took with a smile .
tr	7	Of course they 'd tell them , " Jimmy insisted .
tr	6	The horrible survivor ' , " she said and wrote it down .
tr	11	She stopped what she was doing for a moment and walked over to Jeff .
tr	11	He gave a sigh of relief as the clamps engaged along the length of the vessel .
tr	10	" But they won 't stop us if we come to the door . "
tr	6	" Hide it , " Sarah whispered , pulling her hands back .
tr	10	" You 're so simple , seeing things in two shades : black and white , good and evil .
tr	6	Again , the familiar , confused thoughts from the beginning entered her mind .
tr	10	Davin was already astride his own mount , waiting impatiently to be off .
tr	9	I don 't know what it means , it 's a mystery . "
tr	9	He wasn 't allowed to travel now .
tr	8	" Show me , " she said in the tiniest of voices .
tr	8	" You mean the army base , where the 101st Airborne Division is ? "
tr	6	" He 's not my young man , " she argued .
tr	8	We sat stunned for a couple of seconds .
tr	7	The scroll was in French and barely legible .
tr	5	" Don 't you have three ? "
tr	11	" Oh , it 's good they 're getting some exercise , " she said , patting Dan on the neck .
tr	9	" But I don 't care a jot for any of that .
tr	7	Miriam turned to Neil in surprise , and he shrugged .
tr	5	" The mead hall , " Gunnar said .
tr	9	He swung back round with difficulty towards Tim and held out two bottles for him .
tr	10	My brother had his wife and children to care for , and not enough money .
tr	9	Maybe because I was so weary , nevertheless I did nothing to help her and at the end Alfonso helped her .
tr	11	They both sat down on the floor and leaned forward to have a closer look at it .
tr	11	" Two cold beers , " asked Jonesy and the man looked at him as if he was crazy .
tr	10	She appeared to be asleep standing up .
tr	11	His first task was to enlist the services of camera crews and their equipment .
tr	10	" There 'd be the risk of ambush if it fell into the wrong hands . "
tr	10	Are you ready to begin ? "
tr	10	The earth rumbled and shook again as the lights dimmed slowly and then went black .
tr	9	There were none and the meeting broke up as quickly as it had begun .
tr	10	Have you seen anything moving on the river ? "
tr	10	I 'm an upstanding citizen who follows orders and obeys the rules .
tr	5	" Good morning , Mr. Greene , " the Captain greeted him .
tr	10	" Above all , I can 't stand the way she treats Neil .
tr	6	We 've , well , we 've spent quite some time together these past months .
tr	10	You could have given me a bit of a warning though .
tr	9	Eventually I came to the edge of the city and wandered onwards .
tr	8	' I 've even used some in my own research . '
tr	7	His house was torn and burned , his fields raped ; he had nothing .
tr	5	With a thunderous crash , hollow and boulder hit the ground together .
tr	7	" Ready to go ? "
tr	7	" Messing with static jump portals is just low , Jason , even for you . "
tr	6	What about your mother , or a sister , or an aunt ?
tr	8	However , the feeling of a profound warmth against his cheek kept the fear at bay .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , sure , no problem , " I agreed absently .
tr	10	He grinned and mimicked Brandon 's pointing gesture when he had fingered Billy .
tr	10	" You must sleep now , for you have along day before you . "
tr	5	" About a year after her death , he almost killed a human . "
tr	7	All three immediately recognized what she held .
tr	9	" Shouldn 't take too long , this one here doesn 't seem to be a big talker . "
tr	9	It is the One who we have forgotten . "
tr	8	" Yeoman , take my daughter to an escape pod and get her the fuck out of here ! "
tr	5	" Not a damn peep , " the radio operator said .
tr	11	Mason slid the one photo he was holding into a manila envelope and turned to Mudd .
tr	10	- What do I associate with Easter ?
tr	10	I said , " Shit the battery 's dead were screwed . "
tr	9	We have been lost at sea and need the use of shortwave radio to contact our ship . "
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	11	They knew how far they could trust , or push , or rely on each other .
tr	7	' Sounds stupid , I know , but ... ' ' Stupid 's the word , ' Spike muttered .
tr	11	His glance at her bosom irritated Roberto but he could not fault the man .
tr	5	She 's a witness . "
tr	9	Everywhere he went , people stopped to ask him about it .
tr	9	In comparison to the unassuming buildings around it , the royal palace was massive .
tr	8	What was she going to say ?
tr	7	In a moment of chivalry , we threw our own clothes to the wretches .
tr	6	Only one way to find out .
tr	9	" I was just mentioning to Marcellus your recent troubles .
tr	8	I felt his energy leave his body .
tr	7	" All the detailed stuff is here in the case go over it and get back to me .
tr	9	She welcomes the clouds at first , her mouth dry as a bone .
tr	11	Afterwards Tia thanked them and confirmed she 'd be at The Marquee .
tr	7	' How 's your arm by the way ? '
tr	10	One keyhole was made of gold , the other of silver , both large but simple in design .
tr	10	You nosed around in things you know nothing about .
tr	10	You can tell your relatives about your adventures but don 't mention anything about the dangers facing you .
tr	8	This had to be Melissa .
tr	10	" Let me fetch you a glass of water . "
tr	7	Bashing it open , we crawled out of the claustrophobic space .
tr	10	He has been on a long journey and word has come to me of his impending arrival .
tr	7	Thing One swivels back toward his console , punches some noisy buttons and adjusts a dial .
tr	11	Did you really , honestly expect me to want to be a Christian ?
tr	7	She cautiously stepped down the wooden stairs with her bare feet .
tr	11	But why his father had chosen " pirates " as the object of his deranged mind , Seth might never know .
tr	10	I don 't think she 's from Langley . "
tr	6	Gan saw his father tense momentarily , but his answer was restrained .
tr	9	The crunch and snap of branches breaking behind us motivated me to take the dive .
tr	7	He had been gone a long time .
tr	5	The man 's voice was deep and calm .
tr	10	But I love you so much and I want to spend my life with you . "
tr	6	The worst ones , like my guilt right now , were always at the top .
tr	10	" Are you staying in Wellington for a while ? "
tr	8	' You 'll never get there in one piece , ' he said scornfully .
tr	10	Vivien wouldn 't sit down but stood in front of her assuming an aggressive stance ... . .
tr	7	Further up the road was the town green , its centerpiece the tallest and oldest pine on the island .
tr	6	" His name 's Professor Cobb , " Chris answered .
tr	11	He was going to make a break for it .
tr	8	Now significantly more mobile , the axe wielder charges the deadly wall , winding up a mighty swing during the approach .
tr	7	It was dated three months ago .
tr	7	The river became a waterfall here and fell into a deep , deep , black hole .
tr	7	This is my charge since time uncounted . "
tr	7	" Yes , I would hear your riddle , " the boy asserts with a little more confidence .
tr	9	He slid into the seat opposite , a faint blush of colour peeping through his brown cheeks .
tr	5	" Our bathroom floor , our bathroom countertop , our kitchen , our mantel . "
tr	6	Snapping it up , he turned and wandered back up the train .
tr	9	" Doctor , I can assure you my skills as a surgeon are more than adequate .
tr	7	" Shaykh Saif , I -- " " No , child , I 've heard your reasons .
tr	9	You said it every damn time I ever flew with you .
tr	10	One level seven fighter from Russia was able to defeat a level two fighter from Kazakhstan .
tr	8	Soon , there were three rabbits up out of the burrow and racing across the field .
tr	6	Helen wore a bright pink sundress with a pink bow in her fluffy , gray hair .
tr	8	" Only one man in the van ... ... ... .
tr	5	" Yeah , " Lonnie agreed .
tr	10	Her arm showed what looked like a bright red burn .
tr	7	Reid paused and met my stare with a frown .
tr	6	Josie looked down for a moment , embarrassed .
tr	5	" That 's stupid . "
tr	6	Then Dave 's mother looked at Dave .
tr	6	" By luck or providence , it doesn 't really matter , " said Ebon .
tr	10	She felt around until her hand clasped the bottle of water by the bed .
tr	8	They ran across the back lawns and arrived at the wooded portion of the house .
tr	5	" In a way , perhaps , we all have , commander .
tr	7	" Besides , I do work for NET . "
tr	8	Zelda asks , careful not to lower her guard .
tr	11	Flaherty turned to see Lieutenant Head , nicknamed ' Goggles ' by his men , standing behind him .
tr	10	" The healers say that you are healing well , but it 's going to take time .
tr	5	For the first time , the Russian girl looked confused .
tr	10	It was something I never could live up to .
tr	8	He stood behind the prisoner , one hand grasping the Archduke by the neck .
tr	6	And so the New Year began , and with the New Year there were other new things .
tr	6	" Beam me up , Scotty , there 's definitely no intelligent life down here ! "
tr	9	" That 's an airplane , " Taylor stammered , stating the obvious , " it 's brand new .
tr	10	The group 's hearts were lifting as the campsite came officially in sight .
tr	10	" Well , kinda , but we 're going to help you .
tr	10	I turned , expecting it to be Logan or Eva .
tr	7	" I doubt that very much , " added VIN smiling .
tr	6	" We 're together and we 're safe .
tr	8	" He talks a lot but he doesn 't say anything , " Miriam said .
tr	9	A sharp gust blew up the walls to lash the banners above him .
tr	5	" Oh , I don 't , " he assured me .
tr	9	Jimmy , John and Ben returned to the staff room talking privately amongst themselves .
tr	7	The dog lifts its head and licks Gabe 's chin .
tr	8	" Don 't turn your face to the cameras , " he says sharply .
tr	11	The presenter was new , but Bill thought he 'd seen her before somewhere .
tr	9	" I 'm not your slave , " I reply before I can stop myself .
tr	11	" Toby , how do you know these things ? "
tr	6	Chapter 6 The old pendulum clock struck ten times in the morning . "
tr	9	Will he submit to the figure in the orb , or stand against oblivion on his own ?
tr	5	" Blah blah blah , rebellion , blah blah blah , let 's fight back .
tr	10	Although based on years of factual research , it is fiction .
tr	11	His left hand jerked away automatically , the pressure on the rag blocking my breathing falling away .
tr	5	Tapping the upside-down teardrop marker brought up a blurry profile picture and name .
tr	9	The boys had to control themselves in order not to clap their hands in glee .
tr	6	Other than Adele , for she is already taken . "
tr	7	Bar some bird droppings , the car had remained miraculously untouched .
tr	10	I certainly hope so because if he isn 't this may not work .
tr	6	The voice wasn 't the toad demon 's dark , grunting rasp .
tr	11	The southern portion is also a wide open highway for General Sampson , should he choose to come north . "
tr	7	Unfortunately it was quite muddied and passage was slow .
tr	8	" I remember the first time ... do you ? "
tr	10	He reached his hand up only to smear the colors into his beard .
tr	8	He grinned at the ambassador 's frown as he went on .
tr	5	Not just any spider , but a large hairy tarantula now hovered , colossal , overhead .
tr	8	Outraged she stormed off set .
tr	7	His heart is jumping so quick , I can see the veins pulsing at his temples .
tr	6	" And I am Terra , " she stated , with the tiny globe in her hand again .
tr	7	Following a small path under it , the apartment was about ten meters on to the left .
tr	7	I scrambled away and flicked on the light .
tr	9	After many long minutes of rubbing his chest and toned abdomen , she suddenly frowns and sits up .
tr	9	There were new things to consider ; things both strange and true .
tr	10	The wind was so fierce Mac could barely open his eyes .
tr	7	I wasn 't born yesterday , he is lovable . "
tr	7	At the last moment , as Beth vainly ducked , the plumes of fire wheeled off to one side .
tr	6	" Jennifer sees them , " Amber giggled and bobbed her head with its blond pony tail up and down enthusiastically .
tr	7	The moon was coming up over the mountain , in the east .
tr	7	One of the letters was from Strauss 's bank .
tr	8	Elaina sighed , staring at the map .
tr	6	" I quite like this crew , Celeste , they 're a wee bit crude .
tr	7	My thoughts are coming back , stitched crooked but good enough .
tr	6	It is of the utmost importance . "
tr	9	But there were more pressing things to be concerned with .
tr	8	Donovan pierced the earth with the shovel and threw the load of dirt behind him .
tr	11	He had spent most of his time pursuing his two hobbies : reading and gardening .
tr	9	In the end it became possible for us to be together .
tr	7	And I can 't thank you too much .
tr	8	But , still might be worth checking out .
tr	9	It wasn 't he didn 't care .
tr	10	" ... that ye shall live , an ' ye shall remain our captain . "
tr	8	She sat back slightly , the sun cross pendant glinting at the base of her throat .
tr	8	Claire had a sense of déjà vu and searched her mind for the parallel .
tr	9	For now , we have to get Tomas and Anna to a safe house . '
tr	9	The three men present bowed deeply in respect and turned to leave the great hall .
tr	10	He tries to , and if something happens to him ... I won 't , I just can 't .
tr	9	" Did you come here to seduce the prince and take him away ? "
tr	8	They have the faces of Jacob , Logan , and myself plastered for everyone to see .
tr	9	All I must ask you is not to reveal our location .
tr	10	If you do not want to go further , please stand up and leave this hangar .
tr	6	Next to the board , another door opened onto a small office .
tr	11	" She told me something that you need to know , Captain . "
tr	6	Use the revolver , a tiny voice inside my head commanded .
tr	9	' They kinda had to for Interpol Agent Petersen and FBI Agent Barnes , ' Reid said drily .
tr	7	She wiped a tear away with an angry frown and slipped the Glock into my hand .
tr	10	I decided I wanted to travel .
tr	11	Better to send her beheaded ; they would torture her and then hang her publicly in that barbaric keep .
tr	8	Upon arriving in Earth orbit , she springs out of her chair .
tr	10	She hadn 't seen that thing in almost ten years but she knew exactly where she had put it .
tr	11	I 'm trying to find us a new home before they hatch .
tr	7	How do they survive on this dried flesh ? "
tr	11	Soul looked back at Hiro who was watching the waiter .
tr	7	' I don 't know , sweetheart , ' had apparently lost its effectiveness .
tr	5	' Well , there 's one clean surface . '
tr	9	" She says that Greek people are difficult and they don 't speak English .
tr	7	Logan spoke before I could .
tr	9	" I will see what I can see . "
tr	10	He enjoyed dismembering it piece by piece .
tr	8	And that 's dangerous territory entering a girl 's bathroom . "
tr	7	" What 's going on ?
tr	10	She says it 's better for Clarence .
tr	8	I think I convinced Greene .
tr	11	They were debating whether to take you at face value .
tr	6	For that matter , it wasn 't a GPS at all .
tr	8	He was strong for sure and needed a shower badly .
tr	6	" If your beeper sounds , you 're on your way to the House , to the action .
tr	8	" So ... How much time do I have left ? "
tr	5	" For the seventh and final test , pride and humility . "
tr	6	The motion finally ceased and the flight crew activated the exit panels .
tr	10	He stopped abruptly when his pink iPhone began to vibrate .
tr	10	" I really don 't think whipped cream is a good idea , " he growled .
tr	10	Watching him listen and care for her made me feel a bit empty .
tr	10	Suddenly Nuru released a wave of force that knocked the bipedal machines into the air .
tr	5	Children screamed , parents shouted and still the ship rocked .
tr	8	As I crawled out of the truck I muttered , " Smooth driving . "
tr	7	" Of course the etiquette of these things is always most delicate , " Navarra continued without noticing .
tr	11	He 'd been so overprotective since learning of the attempted abduction .
tr	6	" Those are Pine View Dorms , the oldest campus lodgings but also the most isolated .
tr	11	" I 'm sure they did send attendants , and that something happened to them . "
tr	11	John believed that taking that test would be a solution to all his troubles .
tr	10	She never blamed you for who your father was or how you were conceived .
tr	6	" I tell you , she 's the American . "
tr	11	He wasn 't sure he liked the feeling of ownership .
tr	10	Surely it 's only bad when you cheat to win ?
tr	6	It was basically just a notion , a thought .
tr	10	He drew on the cigar until it was burning evenly and looked around him .
tr	8	Adepts hated to be questioned or mocked .
tr	8	she says looking at Geoff .
tr	9	He could sing and pluck the lute to the tune of his own destiny .
tr	10	Clouds were parting as a column of light descended down upon this unnatural conclave .
tr	10	" I 'm sure you 'll help us , Frank .
tr	9	It was why smiths were a breed apart .
tr	7	" Sheena , " she replied offering her hand .
tr	6	Is it far from here ? "
tr	11	Our shadows danced wildly on the walls as we raced towards the noise of further gunfire .
tr	11	" So I suppose that means that we can 't go . "
tr	8	The scene of the glorious city of the Magi was indeed one of devastation .
tr	9	To his amazement , the pass they had just escaped through was now completely blocked by the remnants of a landslide .
tr	5	Through sleepy eyes Katherine this time recognised the ultra-modern Italian bedroom .
tr	10	The yobs saw I 'd pulled up hard by the bollards .
tr	11	All there was in front of him was a large paddock and empty space .
tr	10	I waved my hand and laughed , probably a little too loud to be convincing .
tr	8	Stunned by the images and sirens and screams , David held up a hand for silence .
tr	8	the Commander can look after that end . " .
tr	6	Scott forced the frown from his forehead .
tr	5	" Praise God , praise God , praise God ! "
tr	9	What did you think would happen ? "
tr	10	" I have to get home to my son , " Sarah said .
tr	11	It would be fun for us to pretend for a night .
tr	10	What about talk of finding work ? '
tr	10	Forward he waded through the ferns and tall grasses thoroughly soaking his clothes .
tr	6	Seconds later , I emerged onto the thronged pavement .
tr	8	She turned , seeing a young soldier trotting towards them .
tr	10	Paul turned again to see Matt run up .
tr	11	She loved you like you were her own .
tr	6	With a satisfied nod , she glanced down at her watch .
tr	6	The music drums inside my head .
tr	9	The cooler heads among the group settled these down and raised valid questions to temper the mood .
tr	10	Yesterday she had thought about cutting it short .
tr	8	' I think I should drive . '
tr	8	She had always adored him ; holding back the truth from him was painful .
tr	9	Afterwards we might let you go on your way . "
tr	8	The only one that didn 't change was a big spiral on one side .
tr	8	Prayers slipped from my lips , me making a deal with God .
tr	6	Back in the car , we sat and mulled over our next move .
tr	9	Their bellies were full , and now when they stretched out and relaxed , they began to slumber .
tr	9	' Shall I see if my staff at El Campo can speed things up ? '
tr	6	He looks so much like his father .
tr	10	He was being pulled in so many directions and couldn 't see a clear path .
tr	6	Damn , damn , damn , Kas , you 're in big freaking trouble here .
tr	7	' His diary which remarkably survived the long years on the deserted island . '
tr	7	With the fuel trucks and other big rigs providing logistical support , over a thousand vehicles were ready .
tr	6	" Well , a birthday toast , " Powell said , his tone brightening .
tr	10	Eda found herself obediently slipping from Charger 's back and was the next second firmly seated on Valiant .
tr	7	Julian continued : - I thought about it for a long time and I couldn 't remember it clearly .
tr	7	But you 'll like them all .
tr	7	Immediately , the pressure on his arm stopped , and Beau pushed the hatch all the way up .
tr	6	" No fair , " she complained , " that 's against the rules !
tr	9	I needed to be suave , gentile , and sophisticated .
tr	11	The pain seared my skin , and I felt like the fiery flames of hell were punishing me for my lies .
tr	7	' As good as always , I see .
tr	9	Hilda snapped , but her shouting could not mask the trembling in her voice .
tr	10	I asked dying to know how .
tr	10	Maybe it was a wrong thing to fall on the same man .
tr	8	Ruth doesn 't need to know .
tr	8	The door swung open before they reached it .
tr	8	It was sealed , top and bottom , with a mortar of straw and mud .
tr	10	I 'm sure you 'd like it back . "
tr	10	I grit my teeth as I wipe down my raw skin with the gooey mess .
tr	10	It moved constantly from leaf to leaf making the whole tree resemble a huge living firework .
tr	11	I cry , but these are silent tears , hot by the time they tip over my chin .
tr	9	" On my way to make amends , " he said over his shoulder as he opened the door .
tr	6	It wasn 't her first time , so she wasn 't scared .
tr	8	Gan said , " What if she gives an alarm ? "
tr	9	And that 's when yours truly popped into the dining car .
tr	10	Because we can take a beating and keep going .
tr	8	I pointed down towards the other end of the hallway .
tr	10	You could have got yourself into a lot of trouble .
tr	6	Unfortunately , all we could offer were cheap trophies as prizes .
tr	6	she smiled at him warmly .
tr	5	On this one night , his dark clothing and long black coat fit right in .
tr	8	The stairwell door slammed shut again and he was gone .
tr	10	Don 't get me wrong , the stuff that was Cobb 's and Cobb 's alone was quite good .
tr	7	On the lawn behind him , Duke 's Tyrannosaurus Rex slept happily .
tr	11	They might be useful to collect and analyze small samples from this mystery planet .
tr	9	If Jimmy didn 't like Mark , he 'd think that was pretty darned cool .
tr	5	' Well for a start , Agnes 's wedding is next month .
tr	10	I 'll give him a call when we get settled .
tr	6	She , in turn , became resentful of anything and everything military .
tr	11	As she flipped back through what she had written , she found she had filled more than five pages .
tr	9	" So , Mr. Jones would still need 100 percent thrust to get off ? "
tr	10	The stranger dropped the metal bullet fragments from his hand and pointed to his chest .
tr	10	he bellowed again , slapping me hard across the face .
tr	8	Ethan 's spidery web of informants and influence had already spread thoroughly and firmly throughout the Republic and into neighboring lands .
tr	5	" Oh , goodie , goodie , goodie , " The little girl was back .
tr	7	" No , bacon and ham both come from a pig but bacon is not ham . "
tr	7	He came over and joined them on the rail .
tr	10	He held the knife to the young man 's throat , watching the fear come into his eyes .
tr	10	Unfortunately , for her , she didn 't manage to hide a bruise on her face .
tr	10	The noise were deafening that Sofia can barely hear her .
tr	8	Wait until Monday when coach times us again , you 'll see ! "
tr	11	I 'd like to say I did .
tr	11	" Hey , what happens if the winning side only has one Wolf left ? "
tr	8	My first impression is that the house seems empty and plain .
tr	10	' You missed us at The Marquee -- that was bigger . '
tr	11	" I found these , " he said , interrupting his memories before they could overwhelm him .
tr	7	" These are the secondary considerations ; the most important thing was always Lady Adele 's safety . "
tr	8	Are there any buses to La Paz tonight ? "
tr	8	You see , Wolves like combat , they are born for it and Yin was no different .
tr	10	This wasn 't going to be blog material .
tr	7	I shut the phone and jammed it into my bag .
tr	6	Was that strange sound the new monster or a small animal caught by a predator ?
tr	6	' I scoured the neighbourhood and the park across the road . '
tr	6	" Pants on fire , " Gabe calls out .
tr	8	" You 're talking secret society with cowls and skull goblets and stuff ? "
tr	8	" Jesus ... there 's another eight of them .
tr	9	I 'd visited the village with my mother a few weeks before she 'd vanished .
tr	10	This close , she smelled of flowers in a way that dwarfed the real thing .
tr	9	In an unrelated story , all the Trojan Devices were recalled by the Trojan Keepers for maintenance and repairs .
tr	6	" Yeah , " Burt nodded , " I can do that . "
tr	10	he asked over the shriek of the gale blowing straight down the mountain .
tr	8	Tastes better than it sounds , " she said with a slight laugh .
tr	5	Or , as of the last thirty hours , the real Melanie Quest .
tr	11	" How long until they would feel secure enough to do that ? "
tr	11	After procrastinating as long as I could and hoping the meeting was almost over , I entered the kitchen .
tr	10	" I rang to see how you are ?
tr	7	" We can first find the way out , then come back and find them .
tr	9	" It feels like chopsticks and a pile of hair . "
tr	5	Under a starry sky the world felt strangely crisp and clear .
tr	8	But then seasickness would set in and the doctor filled his days controlling it .
tr	6	I don 't know -- I can 't remember ; there 's something ... but it 's almost gone .
tr	8	Before he could answer , Amanda jerked the car to the right to dodge a wandering minivan .
tr	8	I stepped off the plane onto hot , cracked asphalt and looked around .
tr	8	We were late , and it was not proper for a duel .
tr	9	The old man swiveled his stool , placed the book on his desk , and slowly turned to face the class .
tr	11	Terrifying those who came before us . "
tr	7	' And you 're forgetting the most important thing .
tr	10	He said , " I know I 'm leaving .
tr	5	After the prayer , the minister made the weekly announcements .
tr	8	Archie didn 't get time to respond .
tr	5	" It means ' Ancient Enemy ' . "
tr	9	Chase saw the crowded town of Pendragon but Sofia was not there .
tr	7	We are going on a rescue mission ! "
tr	8	" You can tell a lot from someone 's friends .
tr	5	Then one evening last week , the Burkes ' phone had rung .
tr	6	Then , a voice from the past said , ' Hello , Lucas . '
tr	11	Furthermore , Nicola had been taught not to believe in coincidences .
tr	10	" This reentry is already causing a lot of worry because of its size .
tr	9	" I don 't think he 's any trouble .
tr	7	It 's only been three years now , and you know what ?
tr	8	" Wait , what scared Mrs. Claus ? "
tr	5	Where the hell was the other guy ?
tr	7	There was a disgruntled mutter from my left .
tr	6	" It 's you you should worry about .
tr	11	I heard there was trouble with the game and the Captain warned him to be careful around the sailors .
tr	11	He could feel how exhausted she was .
tr	7	He , despite chronic tiredness , had frequent , full spectrum ' Technicolor ' type vibrant dreams .
tr	9	" I don 't think that 's a good idea . "
tr	8	There should be little to no gravity .
tr	11	We cannot say how much we have missed traveling .
tr	10	Barbara said trying to sound bright .
tr	10	The one thing he had not factored into his careful consideration was Noni .
tr	7	Grab your shoes and let 's go . "
tr	10	He 'd be thankful for a little less worry and a little more time to train .
tr	9	And still , she couldn 't stop replaying the strange conversation in her head .
tr	8	" Unless they knew it was going to happen . "
tr	6	A whistle was blown and the 300 or more people jogged out .
tr	10	Bishop did want to talk .
tr	8	He taps Dane on the shoulder and says , " And this guy right here is Mr. Dane . "
tr	9	They are traditionally known as a refuge for thieves , criminals , and murderers .
tr	8	And the restaurant chain is called Gordo 's and the food they sell is very fattening . "
tr	9	Almost simultaneously , a second tank began to fire from farther downstream , striking the bridge from a more direct angle .
tr	9	This was done with more braves from the first and second row .
tr	6	Four out of five times , I drain you dry .
tr	11	Finan choked over the words that flooded to his lips .
tr	7	Dawn was still more than a full turn away .
tr	8	Reid frowned , his grip tightening on the guns .
tr	6	She looked down at her hands in her lap .
tr	8	They don 't care about Japanese news , so I think maybe we are OK . "
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " replied his father , rereading the note .
tr	10	She 's going to make her move , " Jason states clenching his fist .
tr	9	" Believe me , that situation has already been addressed ! "
tr	9	They have to look at least decently presentable for the public trial .
tr	7	' We were waiting for you . '
tr	8	He chokes on the sound , coughs and spits a wad of blood and plasma onto the deck .
tr	8	Jon and Kimberly stared at each other for a moment until Jon took the lead .
tr	10	She cried with genuine delight , " Good thing you talked to me , silly children . "
tr	10	" I know you must be with it .
tr	9	She got up , heading over to Jarl 's cot .
tr	8	The mornings are crystal blue and so bright at first that it hurts your eyes .
tr	7	" Damn , Le , you never even seen ' im before .
tr	11	Is it just Americans who think in terms of ownership when they like something ?
tr	10	A club meeting ends and students issue from the building in front of us .
tr	7	With the last note of the violin absolute silence befell the breathless crowd .
tr	8	Another massive tree trunk leads him left , and the song increases in volume .
tr	5	" Harry , you really have a romantic streak . "
tr	10	" Don 't worry about nicking me , " she said .
tr	9	They started back up and in just another turn their task would be finished .
tr	7	I smiled to him , but more retained .
tr	7	" I 'm no match for them all at once . "
tr	7	She glanced up from the marshy ground , and what she saw turned her insides to gold .
tr	11	" Are you really sure you can 't wait any longer , Sir ? "
tr	8	He greeted Reid like an old acquaintance and ushered us inside the building .
tr	8	" I know , I never really was any good at the religious stuff . "
tr	11	Amy saw what she could of the modest but obviously clean house .
tr	6	They drove on slowly over the now white and slippery country roads .
tr	7	" Welcome to our decks , " the second man with the massive arms greeted them .
tr	6	" After all he is my friend , " said the wizard , " and not a bad little chap .
tr	9	Ted walked around to the side of one van , where the sliding door was still standing open .
tr	7	" You two are kinda gross , " Tuck said , and we both laughed .
tr	8	I haven 't even seen it myself yet .
tr	10	They began making their way across the gangway toward the ship .
tr	9	I 've never heard words spoken with such weariness .
tr	11	I ran towards my brother , who beckoned and turned away .
tr	7	Slipping my arms from the garment , I hung it on my saber .
tr	5	Together , the males stated , " Not at all . "
tr	9	She looked around to get her bearings and easily calculated their best route .
tr	6	" Next in line is Jessie , the real-estate agent , then Ashley , the nurse , and finally Sammie . "
tr	11	Vulcan came to stand in front of me .
tr	9	Reaching the door , he wastes no time tearing it open and dashing through .
tr	7	" I 'm not moving out , " Tori thumped him on the head .
tr	9	If you hadn 't , someone would come for us anyway and travel arrangements would be the least of our problems .
tr	6	" But Ava - " " I 'm here , " said Ava a few feet to my left .
tr	11	He leaned farther into the shadows as two men walked by in the uniform of harbor officials .
tr	5	A moment later it hopped a little nearer again .
tr	11	Does that make you feel better ? "
tr	8	He floated into the open first sleeping chamber directly in front of him .
tr	5	No more blaring TV , greasy furniture , sticky carpet , trash , shouting , or beer .
tr	6	Malcolm was a sneak and a liar .
tr	6	" We refer to them by the alphabet , like Group A and B .
tr	9	She keeps her gaze averted .
tr	5	" What are their names ? "
tr	7	Mr Brown leaned out of his window and pressed a card against a black box by the fence .
tr	8	A ball cap on his head with wavy hair spilling out .
tr	6	The halls were bright and cheery , the smell of fresh wood and paint still lingering in the hallways .
tr	6	Then , ominously , the tenor of his voice changed to an abnormal softness .
tr	9	He did not conceal the look of love as he whispered my name .
tr	6	" No cost at all , dear , it 's my pleasure , it 's my destiny . "
tr	11	You need to go to the supermarket for food ?
tr	5	" Selfish queens always die and the good princesses always win . "
tr	10	But Mia had to take care of her .
tr	9	Just a few more cloud formations to pass and they would be clear of the threatening conditions .
tr	7	" Two hundred for your brother and a similar amount for you .
tr	9	An arm wrapped in white cloth follows suit as the figure reluctantly rounds the pillar , and is revealed .
tr	8	" You know about the ships that we are building ? "
tr	10	I could see his eyes were always seeking the captain .
tr	7	The town residents of Hancock weren 't happy with the plan , but understood the need .
tr	8	As he looked up , he saw Highlanders pouring into the room .
tr	9	Soon the lights dimmed and Ultravox faded , replaced by bizarre noise .
tr	8	And this eternal resting place Is known as Fiddlers ' Green . "
tr	9	" Prince Lance is likely to just kill us both . "
tr	11	" So ... let me see if I understand you .
tr	10	Even if I could have heard him above the roar , there wasn 't anything to say .
tr	8	Twisting right , the perpetual swing continues in a figure eight , slicing in the opposite direction .
tr	10	You 've got to trust me , " Mai attempts to assure .
tr	8	The crew began rowing , steering the boat out to sea .
tr	8	Her voice was smug , but at that moment Neil could have hugged her .
tr	8	They have a system based on the number twenty .
tr	9	He nodded in agreement with himself and dove under the hood to install the part .
tr	11	Nations will rush for resources that suddenly become economically viable .
tr	8	She didn 't even come to his door and hurried up the stairs to the second floor .
tr	8	His reasons to hate them were ten times what hers were .
tr	6	" Painful , " he winced , " Your words strike harder than that sword . "
tr	5	" Sure , fine , " she answered too hurriedly .
tr	6	Putting his cup down , Virgil cast out a long sigh .
tr	7	" By my estimation , Lieutenant - your boys gave at least twice as good as they got .
tr	8	He felt Adele 's arms tighten , drawing them closer together .
tr	6	The young man waved and yelled , " Geronimo !
tr	10	Moving his fingers to help regain circulation , he smiled .
tr	7	You could be in danger .
tr	10	" He must have been drugged again after they arrived .
tr	11	Many suddenly thought of something to do on the other side of the encampment or beyond .
tr	6	The rocks were solemn , heads of stone raised to the sky in selfless prayer .
tr	11	I promise I will not ask anything else about you .
tr	9	Now he towered above her , mad as hell , clearly not in the mood to listen .
tr	11	That is , if you 'd like to go .
tr	6	The voice was a breathy whisper .
tr	11	Go was free to just climb the side of the points .
tr	6	She couldn 't see , she couldn 't touch , she could barely move , but she could still listen .
tr	8	she asked anxiously , " All these warnings ... " " Just in case , " he assured her .
tr	7	I set off the torpedo , I can 't even light a cigarette without a match . "
tr	10	she said , trying to remain rational .
tr	9	He took his seat , and the servants began to serve the meal .
tr	11	It was quite hard to have a conversation with her .
tr	8	The taxi passed through the centre of the city .
tr	11	What 've you noticed while I was checking out everyone 's love life ? "
tr	5	" So , what was the answer ? "
tr	5	With a preparing breath , I slowly pulled open the bedroom door .
tr	8	He and Margaret had moved back into the Lodge down by the estate entrance .
tr	7	Instinctively he pushed the private 's hand away and opened his eyes .
tr	8	" Might be better coming from me , " said George .
tr	8	Of course , he would know all about that .
tr	11	I know you 're irresistibly drawn to me , but we must be strong ! "
tr	9	I don 't worry about the smell from cooking and other stuff either .
tr	10	" I saw him get swallowed by the earth itself . "
tr	9	" They 've been bred to kill .
tr	10	Most of the documents I examined refer to dates in the past couple of days .
tr	6	The clothes in the wardrobe should fit you . '
tr	9	Sadly enough to stir some distant feelings locked deep within Mirai 's heart .
tr	11	the Prince asked , doing his best to keep his mind blank .
tr	9	Our most successful charity is the collection of Christmas gifts for the needy .
tr	7	" He 's your boy but he doesn 't live here ? "
tr	6	A moment later he heard a choking cry , and then silence fell again .
tr	8	" I 'm just turning in some Math papers , " She showed him a file .
tr	7	Abby chastised herself , " Gosh , you 're so right .
tr	6	Later that morning , while Cherry still slept , Harper and I folded her blanket and rolled up her sleeping bag .
tr	10	But after I left the beach , I went to search for you and enquired about you .
tr	7	Sergeant Wilder maintained his grip on ' the chairwoman ' and shoved her toward an adjacent building .
tr	6	With the heat an under stench of rotted and decaying vegetation wafted on the still air .
tr	11	Nobody asks what we 'll do if we fail .
tr	10	We 'll start loading the plane in a minute here . "
tr	11	" It 's now or never , " she proclaims , desperate to pull him from his trance .
tr	10	He had no idea I 'd almost died last night .
tr	8	An untapped well of unfathomable power contained and focused within a cage of honor and duty .
tr	9	She was going to be all right .
tr	6	* * * Time moves , miles move , the sun dips in the sky .
tr	10	It is strange to talk with air .
tr	7	Laurence believed her and smiled happy .
tr	9	William has assured me the technology is sound , so it 's the money , right ?
tr	7	" Ain 't got one , " said the woman , speaking for the first time .
tr	6	" I 'm so sorry , " he whispered in my , bare audible .
tr	8	The men kept their heads down in stoic silence and descended , and after a moment , Miriam and Simon followed .
tr	10	" Is there anything where you are that can help us ? "
tr	6	I have it memorized . "
tr	9	They know we 've rescued you .
tr	6	Wondering , wanderer , wandered I , Find my kin , the great Magi .
tr	6	" Hold on , " Lucas interrupted , " you know about the Spades ? "
tr	7	He was apparently a mason 's son , and could pass himself off as such .
tr	5	And this year , as a crime scene , it technically didn 't yet exist .
tr	6	But with all the city gates closed - " " The city gates are closed ? "
tr	10	" We can 't see what 's going on .
tr	7	" Take another step and I will cut off your head . "
tr	8	A pitcher with wine and glasses awaited them and a servant girl was already pouring it for them , hands shaking .
tr	10	" Do you want to escape ? "
tr	6	Part 1 Chapter 1 A few weeks and a very different life ago .
tr	9	He took it very well , staggering only slightly , the protruding shaft no encumbrance .
tr	8	Chet looked up at the spot where the girl and bear had disappeared .
tr	5	' Tis best you stay here .
tr	6	" Thank you , Ron " said William standing .
tr	10	" Good afternoon , darling , " he said , leaning over to kiss her cheek .
tr	7	" They 've eaten some grass , " John offered .
tr	10	He checked on the threshold , pausing as he registered Eda .
tr	11	I hate to use the term rotten apple for only a tiny handful truly fall into this category .
tr	7	Yet since we heal ' t ze rabbit , you haf not pass ' t beyond your back gate .
tr	7	Kayla 's mom and dad laugh , " Of course , now that 's a good son . "
tr	8	If it exists , I will find evidence of the truth there .
tr	6	Then his grief gave way to consuming rage and anger .
tr	6	' Ah , now , with that , you may have a point . '
tr	5	" Hi , Dad , " Esmeralda whispered , confused and uncomfortable .
tr	10	Just before reaching the waterline , the hoof prints suddenly stop , turning and leading away from the temple .
tr	11	It appeared that men equipped with automatic weapons were firing most of the rounds from two points .
tr	9	I haven 't been out and about in broad daylight in quite a while .
tr	6	Behind us someone roared and a burning wood beam crashed down , just like in an old movie .
tr	11	" I guess they will be okay for a few minutes . "
tr	8	One was a large child with an immediately domineering attitude while the other was small and docile .
tr	6	You do your father proud . "
tr	9	' Maybe , a third , ' Raphael said looking for Danny 's agreement .
tr	7	How else would I steal any attention from your Eminence ? "
tr	8	They reached the rim of the great forest and stumbled blindly forward .
tr	9	The moment Roberto released her she sprang into action .
tr	7	Kurt gave her a weak smile and nudged the duffel bag at his feet .
tr	9	If the road outside had been long enough I would have quite happily gotten into it and flown it home .
tr	10	She knew what she had to do .
tr	7	" You 're right , " Tori said and they went to the dance .
tr	9	Another half-dozen were situated around the bar , drinking alone or talking quietly .
tr	10	Timothy attends Langley Meadows Elementary school which is a few minutes away from his house .
tr	10	" I think this is much more serious than this .
tr	7	I crossed the street and entered the shadows beneath the trees .
tr	9	How could I have slept that long ?
tr	9	" Morning , noon and night , the Kindred knew where to find me .
tr	11	' Do you think she suspects you ? '
tr	8	We walked in the next morning Allan was all smiles .
tr	7	The war party charged out of the forest and through the cornfield .
tr	9	And though this one supposedly paled to that , there was no doubt this thing was a comet .
tr	10	Now , what you have to do is ... " she said with an enthusiasm .
tr	10	" No , " Mai breathes , realizing where things are headed .
tr	8	replied Simon struggling to sound normal .
tr	9	When she had been with Michael it made the arguments all the more painful .
tr	9	" Yes , God will hear if you ask him sincerely . "
tr	11	She was my only true Ukrainian friend the twelve years I spent in the states . "
tr	8	He unwrapped the bundle laying the swords out in the starlight .
tr	5	These little replicas , deformed or not , were the same species .
tr	5	" Their own bodies killed the unborn baby ? "
tr	9	He 'd been steadily sweating most of the day .
tr	10	, but no , now I was contemplating getting into trains as well .
tr	6	Jenna , Nicko and Boy 412 's canoe led the way , with Silas , Marcia and Maxie following them .
tr	6	Oak and maple trees dominated the area , with all the pines now behind him .
tr	9	Her eight eyes blinked , four to each side of her face , as she stood .
tr	7	He half squatted , half fell , back down by the fire and picked up his coffee cup .
tr	9	He wondered just how big he could make this place .
tr	10	" She believes herself to be writing to your father ! "
tr	11	That is why I brought you to meet her .
tr	8	We stared into the mouth of a rocket launcher .
tr	6	For a moment , a vision rose up before my eyes , as real and sharp as a sword .
tr	9	You 're gon na be fine . '
tr	10	Harold nodded and said , " Yes , but only one dam door for now .
tr	8	If this thing actually moves by itself it is the epitome of a bona-fide miracle .
tr	6	The grimacing demon and other winged gargoyles sent shivers through my body .
tr	10	I 'm going to get through this .
tr	11	Several IVs were hooked to her arms and a central line dangled from her neck .
tr	10	" Then tell me what 's going on . "
tr	9	Someone who cared for her .
tr	7	After a few minutes , a look of concern worked its way onto Bax 's face .
tr	10	It seemed like so much time had passed since that day .
tr	6	" Sorry , Samson , " the Defender said with true deference and contrition .
tr	9	She falls to her knees clenching her head and screaming in torment .
tr	7	With the bottom of his shirt , he wiped off any frosting from my skin .
tr	8	The color was off and the angle was all wrong ... it was coming from the sky .
tr	6	" We 're young , " I answered , " but that 's not important .
tr	11	It will explode and come right back at you and Ms. Spade back there , you hear me ? "
tr	5	" I know , I know . "
tr	6	" Um ... Nothing , " Kendall said and sat down .
tr	10	He could hear them clearly now , their feet scratching at the rocky ground .
tr	6	' The data 's encoded , ' I replied calmly .
tr	5	No riots , very little crime or anti social behaviour but no hope .
tr	7	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ River Girl Stanley Rudd was a man of regular habits .
tr	9	" Suppose he doesn 't drive the whole day .
tr	10	Rick chuckled and shook his head before continuing down the stairs without comment .
tr	8	He must have fallen asleep .
tr	7	Typical of human behavior , since it had never happened , nobody was really concerned about it .
tr	10	It was a common name the small creatures had for the female Black Widow Spiders .
tr	8	He was stronger than she thought .
tr	6	At the same time , agents approached the back entrance , by the pool .
tr	7	" Feed me , and I will live , " the phantom suddenly declares .
tr	10	But if it was one of his siblings , how had they corrupted the Watchmen ?
tr	7	Ron was such a bag of wind .
tr	6	The blocks of paragraph , the cutting strokes of his uppercase letters , the back slant of his lower loops .
tr	6	( Farnborough alternates annually with Paris ) .
tr	7	Diseases : Bronchitis , this guy has asthma ? "
tr	11	Who knew what might follow from that ?
tr	6	" Oh ye of little faith , " Bax said , adding .
tr	7	A great black mass of mystery , it reared cryptically against the moonlit sky .
tr	7	He gasped and opened his mouth a few times but no words were forthcoming .
tr	10	It makes no sense to call this thing off , " the voice continued soothingly .
tr	6	" But , well , I mean , you 're a Black !
tr	9	Nathan walked back to the group where he met Harold , Jim Meeks and his family .
tr	7	" I 'm doing my best , " said the Thin Man .
tr	8	I smiled but not in a good mood .
tr	9	Stretching his wings he sees Warrior , still in a spin but slowly working herself back into control .
tr	6	Five days from now , at the tenth turn , in our training house .
tr	7	He popped a white tablet in his mouth and winced .
tr	5	" In this case you are alive and unharmed , Mister Clarence .
tr	9	In fact , she was of a height with the Prince , give or take an inch either way .
tr	7	After they 'd gone , he slipped further into the shadows and made his report .
tr	8	One does not travel well when overstuffed . "
tr	8	He could see that she understood .
tr	7	His finger pulled the trigger once and then Bender crashed into him with surprising force .
tr	9	His energy pulses fast as he leans over me .
tr	6	" I can walk now . "
tr	10	" You 're on top of someone who did , " Ted replied .
tr	11	They came at me and I ran at them , and all was silent save the sound of us running .
tr	7	" I bet I wouldn 't !
tr	5	' Good news I hope , ' Richard said .
tr	8	" If we could get aboard , is it worth the risk ?
tr	6	Dagger 's dragon 's eye displays the rocky yellow Calliope landscape .
tr	6	" You paint quite the deceiving picture , " Serena says , hands on her hip .
tr	7	The lead vehicle makes a hard left into the MSU hospital parking garage and the rest follow .
tr	9	But it was probably because I was giving away half-price meal tickets .
tr	11	The Colonel was careful to hold it only by the corners , and the handle .
tr	7	" The XO , the First Sergeant and I will remain with the Highlander Brigade .
tr	9	We 'd endured a year of lost battles , detentions at failed pranks , and lies , thanks to Bea Wallace .
tr	10	" I fear I 've never heard of it .
tr	9	You can read it now if you like , there 's not exactly much going on out the window . "
tr	8	With the price of bread so high , we can barely eat . "
tr	7	" Look at her , Neil ! "
tr	6	By now the study was a familiar , friendly place .
tr	11	Is that so the film couldn 't be traced back to anyone ?
tr	8	She only really reasoned well with me and most had given up on her long ago .
tr	7	Big brown eyes had an easy smile in them .
tr	9	" As far as the leader , that would be me , " said Nathan .
tr	7	" That makes no sense , Josie , " Logan said .
tr	10	I then drove to the Austrian border , where I rented a room in a nearby town .
tr	10	perhaps when you 're older you 'll understand and come to forgive me . "
tr	8	She turned away , casting her gaze toward the hotel .
tr	8	That was what was missing .
tr	7	" Well you see , we uh ... don 't actually have any .
tr	8	We had no business going to Centauri in the first place .
tr	7	She jams the flint directly into the wolf 's throat and blood splatters her face and the ground around her .
tr	6	She was deadly serious , her aura that awful black color too .
tr	5	" Let 's go , " Katie 's voice rang out .
tr	9	Deep in the brush under the canopy of night , Mr. Clancy called a halt .
tr	10	It felt like years since she had sat in a comfortable seat .
tr	10	" Just shut up and do whatever it is you 're supposed to do . "
tr	10	" What ails the boy , is he ill ? "
tr	6	" I gave Mrs. Beale a pickle berry once , " she said in a small voice .
tr	7	I agreed to your ridiculous terms , and I keep my word .
tr	8	" I 'm going back into the control module , " said VIN .
tr	11	Anyway , what are you going to do about those two ? "
tr	5	Of course , at her age , point zero is the legal limit . "
tr	6	" But if you want , we can go .
tr	10	" The larger and more important pieces have gone to the university for study , of course , " he said .
tr	6	" Ah , you are the clever one -- but your sister is still very cute .
tr	7	" I don 't like him , " Matthew whispered back , though not so quietly .
tr	8	" Doctor , please come back to Warrior 's medical bay , " Aria says to Dresden .
tr	7	Pedro always had a bigger love for the sea .
tr	6	He broke down again , and this time , I joined him .
tr	8	" I know not , " he mumbles , his eyes locking onto his hand once again .
tr	5	" Oh , yeah , " John said .
tr	9	Now , stop blaming yourself and let 's come up with a plan . "
tr	7	By the sway of his hand , the beasts fell hardly to the earth .
tr	5	" And now , my good vampire , I have a little problem .
tr	7	His breath made me gag .
tr	10	She felt she had failed miserably .
tr	7	The man then turned toward the dog and crouched down .
tr	6	But in glorious Christopher fashion he just shrugged his shoulders , bowed gracefully , and walked out the door .
tr	9	" The day I would see the twilight bitch absent her voice . "
tr	9	Instead of hiding her eyes , she peered between her fingers at the town , though she couldn 't see anything .
tr	8	We should be there in less than an hour .
tr	8	I like him but then again we have a lot in common .
tr	11	It is not meant to be canon content .
tr	8	" I won 't let her take you ! "
tr	7	a man in black stepped out of the shadows and put a steadying hand on the teetering music system .
tr	5	" Yes , Lord , it was , " Ira replied .
tr	10	Danny pulled Calvin aside who asked , ' Is she unwell ? '
tr	9	" You 're going to be alright . "
tr	8	Want me to help you ? "
tr	8	Maya looks at the noise and gasps with fright at the living nightmare .
tr	7	Sorry , just one of the rules our group abides by .
tr	8	Sarah was pulling muffins out of the oven .
tr	11	Tom cowered like a puppy caught peeing on the carpet .
tr	8	Life was quiet , serene and for a young girl , totally boring .
tr	11	The door closed with finality , and Miriam sobbed as she heard Mana 's swift steps going upstairs .
tr	6	Looking around , I saw the soldiers gazing at me in utter surprise .
tr	6	Cutting in , Amy said , ' I 'm off now Danny . '
tr	10	Maybe I will fly and see how this all looks from up above .
tr	6	LET ME INTO HIS MIND , AND I WILL SEE THROUGH HIS LIES . '
tr	7	A Questionable Affair " Damn it , Winston , I know him !
tr	7	Quickly moving through the twisting halls , Zelda has returned to her masked alter ego .
tr	6	Adele was tempted ; it seemed so logical .
tr	6	" Leila , " Lilly Ann said without hesitation .
tr	8	" A good idea I never thought of ! "
tr	5	By dinnertime , the encounter that morning was ancient history , completely forgotten .
tr	9	You are even now entrusted with protecting this kingdom . "
tr	7	The black , hooded cloak he wore flapped in the wind .
tr	7	' You really take all the fun out of this job , ' Anatole muttered with a sigh .
tr	9	Those meals usually consisted of dried meat or dried fruit , and sometimes a piece of bread .
tr	7	Sarah didn 't care one way or the other .
tr	6	The treasure chests were still there , but everyone was gone .
tr	11	I 'm so glad you could be here with me .
tr	10	" Honey , I 'm just worried that you 're working too hard .
tr	9	There is precious little practical worth in virtual experiences when compared to the real thing . "
tr	8	" A pretty effective way of obliterating any incriminating evidence . "
tr	8	His mother hugged him tight and whispered in his ear , " Welcome home , son . "
tr	11	Everyone seemed to know what to do .
tr	6	" That isn 't necessary , Roger , " the earl said in a tight , controlled voice .
tr	6	And why wouldn 't the 964 be surprised ?
tr	8	Wasting no time , she grabbed the box the wooden plates and utensils came in .
tr	5	With no gray areas things somehow became quite simple and his mission equally clear .
tr	6	The guns probably weren 't needed , but they were comforting .
tr	6	" So , on the hoof , Eric 's worth ... " " Over forty thousand dollars . "
tr	7	Among the sinister questions confronting him : Why was his town suddenly so popular with racket boys and hoodlums ?
tr	8	Screens mounted in the observation deck showed a plan version of the vessel , indicating the change in orientation .
tr	5	" Help me , Kevin .
tr	11	It was as if he 'd lost interest in most everything .
tr	8	Misty was the tallest horse , totally black except for a white mark between his eyes .
tr	7	The Great Spirit would be angry , and so would the spirits of the dead victims .
tr	9	' No one knows the working of that woman 's mind , ' said Tomas Godard .
tr	6	" Let me guess , Dave and Rob ? "
tr	11	" Do you think she 's there ? "
tr	9	She walked up and saw she was third .
tr	7	In the distance , we could hear the chaotic sounds from the wharf .
tr	8	" It 's not a matter of time , " she said , " it 's a matter of trust . "
tr	6	Colors of gold , red , purple , blue , silver , and green .
tr	9	He needed an ironclad case before he brought it to anyone .
tr	8	Giving in to the inevitable , the driver steered over to the hard shoulder by the side of the highway .
tr	9	She came in quietly and knelt down in front of him .
tr	9	Then Victoria realized we had missed the meeting .
tr	5	" Harmonic mind link is a beautiful , creative , sensitive experience .
tr	11	Ed would be glad to get out of the Old South .
tr	7	She said it : rattlesnake .
tr	9	Practicing for playing bride ? "
tr	6	Her eyes were wide , her cheeks flushed , her heart probably racing .
tr	9	" My thoughts exactly , " Ganondorf grins , stepping into the light from behind the woman .
tr	6	" You sound sad , " the big man replied bluntly .
tr	7	He stretched his arm forward , and it slowly sank into the black stone .
tr	6	Right now a part of his spirit lives on inside me .
tr	8	He mines for precious stones like the kind floating around in your overpriced drink . "
tr	10	asked Kevin surprised by the name being mentioned by the MI6 Director .
tr	11	Flaherty checked his screen and saw a Bone Splitter erupt as Hunger 's fire found the sweet spot .
tr	5	" A remarkably swift horse , but only a horse , after all . "
tr	10	At the same time , he drove all of the women on site crazy .
tr	5	' And one last thing , ' said the old man .
tr	9	" It is truly a miracle you are still here .
tr	8	Mr. Clancy came first passing under the arm of his giant friend .
tr	11	Before he could come to some sort of conclusion , a man 's voice came from outside .
tr	8	" We are going in the club , " Abby said with red eyes .
tr	6	" Well , first off , he 's a fake , " he said .
tr	7	You should rest in the hollow trunks . "
tr	11	' I heard you nearly got yourself killed , ' he said derisively .
tr	7	Mark eyed the deep fried chunks in their small , paper container suspiciously .
tr	8	" Get rid of him , " Ganondorf interrupts , his voice void of emotion .
tr	9	He was six years old when you were born .
tr	11	Edie May said casually as he was getting up to leave .
tr	7	" I 'll save you the trouble , " Jack said without emotion .
tr	8	He opened the back door to the Wal * Mart store and led them into a dimly lit workshop .
tr	10	Dropping it all at once was like having a door slam shut in your face .
tr	8	When Rift reached out for her hand , she saw the essence of love .
tr	6	" Who was on the other horse ? "
tr	10	He looked up , steady eyes willing Finan to understand .
tr	7	Nathan and his family had fought off attackers on three occasions already .
tr	11	Archie flinched as if he 'd just been slapped in the face .
tr	9	He looked far away , as though he was plotting something .
tr	11	He turned to his left and rolled , thrusting upwards as his enemy 's blade fell silent against the tree .
tr	10	' Are you going to be nice ? '
tr	7	He was almost looking forward to it .
tr	9	I yelled , but nobody seemed to hear me .
tr	7	Many of them had sacrificed as much or more than he .
tr	9	" What do you think I should do ? "
tr	10	Course by then , the crew had taken the ship an ' Sykes was the new captain . "
tr	10	The Angel brought them in his starship to a quay where a ship was waiting for them .
tr	8	A few months ago all that gold and the stones would have made her jaw drop , Elaina knew .
tr	8	There were the fires , shining blue beacons fixed to upturned shields .
tr	6	she asked Gregor , her voice no longer flat and accusatory , it was soft and sad .
tr	10	She told me that he was taking his breakfast at the restaurant .
tr	7	Was he the same man as before ? "
tr	7	The room he occupies is very small , little more than a closet .
tr	6	When the morning practice session ended , all three of them retired to the dining hall together .
tr	10	Finally , Cade loosened his hold enough to look down at her and shook his head .
tr	11	My eyes widened as I looked past the barrel of an M9 Beretta pistol into the face of a madman .
tr	10	She tells herself again and again that it could have been much worse .
tr	8	She looked up then , and saw a mixture of hope and assurance in his expression .
tr	11	She offered no conversation and her stiff back implied she wanted none .
tr	8	" How does the Talisman know how long a year is ? "
tr	6	My hand wavered and so did my confidence .
tr	7	" We 've hauled your skinny butt nearly a hundred miles .
tr	9	" Sergeant Major don 't you think they need a few more years under their belts first ?
tr	9	He needed to start moving .
tr	6	" How much have you told him ? "
tr	9	I need you now , Drew needs you now , Angelique needs you now .
tr	7	In the penultimate bar of the introduction , he raised the microphone to his lips .
tr	11	I must say though , people will often stop to admire that beautiful hourglass figure . "
tr	6	Even the braided throw rugs were new , and dreadfully unsuited for the white marble floor .
tr	6	And with a force this large , ambush is highly unlikely .
tr	11	~ Chris turned to leave once they all came out .
tr	5	In the dark , she would pray .
tr	5	" Yes , I hear you , my friend . "
tr	10	Although the lock doors were damaged , the crews were able to seal them shut , by permanently welding them .
tr	7	The last object was quite a bit larger and not nearly so flat .
tr	8	Mia saw he was serious .
tr	10	" Then we will need the horses , for I 'll not carry you ! "
tr	10	" I 'm surprised at you saying that , Hennessy .
tr	9	Ethan already had plans in the works and he almost always got what he wanted given time .
tr	11	He didn 't want to squander it being unprepared .
tr	11	I decide to build a sandcastle in Ryan 's memory .
tr	9	I assure you , we cannot invade Toby 's privacy , and we certainly cannot control him . "
tr	8	There was more scratching followed by a loud thump just before a large head appeared .
tr	6	" You take one head , " Ash replied , his narrowed gaze on our opponent .
tr	6	She was ice-cold and at the same time , she felt feverish .
tr	8	" So , you want me to become more destructive ? "
tr	6	" All done , " he said , and I mumbled , " Thanks , baby . "
tr	9	Checkmate , he got me in the corner and I didn 't had a single way to escape .
tr	10	Mark nearly choked as he tried not to laugh .
tr	5	" There are mental tricks .
tr	7	Sarah whispered in Chris 's ear .
tr	8	This , " he spun the disk into the briefcase , " is repetitious crap . "
tr	8	Jess smiled as she shook his hand .
tr	9	Neil stared at her for a moment and gestured to the black sky with one out flung arm .
tr	9	There were about a dozen noble ladies attending , so the herald took awhile to announce everyone .
tr	10	He seemed to be smiling at her .
tr	10	Despite this , the man was frantically trying to reload the weapon on his lap .
tr	6	I heard short and irritating knocks at the door .
tr	11	One that was about to get squished .
tr	9	' Typically people who don 't like alcohol have voracious appetites for sugar . '
tr	8	Callum asked as Kevin opened the door .
tr	6	" Ah , that 's good , " he said , " that 's very good wine . "
tr	9	" Johnny , you 've been quiet ever since I paid Joe .
tr	9	The cab driver , Julio and the doorman were getting the bags out of the cab 's trunk .
tr	7	It was the smell of freedom .
tr	5	" This is not good , not good at all ! "
tr	7	Alejo closed the door with one foot and slid the deadbolt into place .
tr	11	Do you understand what I have said , Major Nathan Taylor ? "
tr	11	He waited to wake up with a bitter feeling inside of him .
tr	7	Instantly , the two images at the garbage can were illuminated by the light .
tr	6	Anna automatically wielded her chalk , Jessica prepared the camera and Alex and Christy illuminated the room .
tr	8	Simon , although pleased to wake up to a hot breakfast , was not in a talkative mood .
tr	6	" What is this all about ? "
tr	9	The second half was underway when they returned with refreshments .
tr	10	Hand in hand they went downstairs to have a delightful breakfast and an engaging conversation with their newly arrived guest .
tr	8	" Affirmative , that was the International Space Station , " replied ground control .
tr	8	I 'd been enchanted before , but with each snippet of an anecdote she became more real somehow .
tr	6	Harry fired up the radio , triggered the send button and whispered , " Leeds United ... ... Leeds United . "
tr	10	She knew you would call for me . "
tr	9	The seeds seem to take fears , suspicions and aggression , and augment them . "
tr	10	" You really should watch where you are going ; someone with ill intentions could take you by surprise . "
tr	7	" Pixies , fairies , call them what you wish .
tr	6	Sorrow , guilt , remorse , regret , anger , hatred , revenge ... the list went on .
tr	8	Danny said looking into his room .
tr	7	Well , it 's hardly anything like that .
tr	7	And then , with an easy slam , the ship arrived in the seaport and the gates opened .
tr	8	She had to do something !
tr	11	She can paint and use pencils not only to make notes .
tr	9	The pair turned and ran towards the escalators leading to the upper level .
tr	11	The girl behind the counter was staring at the man with a look of utter horror on her face .
tr	11	' We 're not expecting you to give us an answer straight away . '
tr	6	The Tiger Rager came forward with a double roundhouse kick to the head .
tr	6	Or , rather , a heavily guarded prison that might as well be a trap ? "
tr	9	" Looks like I 've won , Hennessy .
tr	8	I ' m exhausted , exasperated , and in need of some disinfectant and bandages . "
tr	8	Maybe I had ' em right where I wanted him .
tr	5	" Give him more time . "
tr	9	She had been transfixed by the handsome man and his very handsome horse .
tr	8	The business transaction had been profitable to both parties .
tr	8	It was a pretty short distance ; anyone could have done it .
tr	10	" I never thought to see you so poor spirited , Brogan .
tr	9	People in power rarely tolerate puppets that defy control . "
tr	10	It was more fun watching people dodge .
tr	6	He glanced over his shoulder at the unconscious driver .
tr	11	We can make that run if you wanted .
tr	9	I am glad you 're here now .
tr	10	Chris had approached Barney in a quiet moment to offer his gratitude , but the old man merely looked surprised .
tr	11	Yet I do believe you need work . "
tr	11	Opinion was that Wei was playing both ends against the middle .
tr	9	" And I am going to need an answer immediately .
tr	5	Plaster and rock dust coat our hair and clothes and skin .
tr	9	they 're up to something very naughty I just know it .
tr	7	He asked , eyeing her .
tr	8	' Will you stop being so stubborn ? '
tr	9	" You can 't just let him go do his own thing .
tr	8	" We 'll get to that , don 't worry .
tr	9	" But we have the permission to leave the hotel , without asking that blond bimbo ? "
tr	7	For the first time in a long time , the cobwebs in my mind cleared , and I felt purpose .
tr	9	David turned to look at her face .
tr	5	Map reading 21 , 61 , 42 North , 90 , 01 , 52 West .
tr	11	The change took place the same way that they had observed it on the night before .
tr	10	They know who turned up for what band you know . '
tr	8	No matter what it does to me .
tr	9	The reminder of your incompetence puts me in no good humour with you , " responded King Ine sharply .
tr	9	What the English called a ' piece of eight . '
tr	7	Start at the beginning , I guess . "
tr	6	Approximately ten minutes later the Battalion Commander and his Sergeant Major reported .
tr	5	In his right hand was a large beer mug , mostly empty .
tr	10	" That only proves it was either never reported or she came from farther away than that . "
tr	7	Then , hearing no one approach , I made a tentative survey of my surroundings .
tr	7	The next two shots echoed loudly around the range .
tr	6	" Will do , " Lilly Ann chirped and left the room .
tr	9	I tried not to think of their families back home .
tr	9	Count those who turn traitor !
tr	10	I 'm tired and want to get enough rest for tomorrow . "
tr	6	Her vitals are low , about eighty-five over sixty .
tr	8	Mana pulled on the handle , and the wall opened , revealing a long , low cupboard .
tr	6	The room now was getting quite warm .
tr	7	With wrinkled skin and wearing comfy clothes , I flopped on my bed and drifted off .
tr	11	" How did you manage to get lost during the tour ? "
tr	6	' Lucas , ' Reid said quietly seconds later .
tr	7	Unless we distract him somehow , you enter death , not that door . "
tr	8	" Don 't you have a village to protect ?
tr	5	What the hell is she doing ? "
tr	11	Nobody knows exactly what they are , but they don 't age like the animals they resemble .
tr	9	Sarah looked back at the cottage and then at the dead puppy on the ground .
tr	6	He looked back and forth between Josie and Jimmy .
tr	10	The corridor is also very bright and is decorated with various forms of artwork .
tr	8	It was the dragon - flying a slow circle around the area , looking for more soldiers .
tr	8	With that , he nodded to the men and walked back up the street towards the cathedral .
tr	10	Not only a pack of wild coyotes with their teeth barred , but this beautiful woman .
tr	9	He immediately closed the inner hatch and slowly the tube lights turned to green .
tr	11	Tristan jumped to slit one of its legs and rolled down in victory .
tr	10	In addition to monitoring and influencing William 's research remotely , Jacob devised a plan to regain control over his research .
tr	8	All around her , steam rose from patches of muddy water , like a never-ending bog of eternal stench .
tr	10	Come to me , Rift , " she declares , opening her arms but remaining where she stands .
tr	7	" We have arrived sir , " said the soldier , watching the dot on the radar .
tr	10	Don 't want to get in the way . "
tr	9	Zeal got to her feet and strolled over to me while brushing herself off .
tr	10	" And I think I need to go .
tr	6	" I like the light weapon , " I said , " and I like the buckler .
tr	7	The rest of the day slipped by without event .
tr	10	When he came to the mouth of the cave , all the people had run away .
tr	5	" Around , " Dave answered .
tr	8	The only sound in the room for the next few seconds was the clattering of her fingers on the keyboard .
tr	8	should bring them all up to London , puts the pressure on .
tr	11	Tomorrow I must speak to the parents of the young man , and hope we can come to a fair arrangement .
tr	6	He threw aside the science book and opened the history book again .
tr	11	Don 't even think it , Calvin thought before suggesting they head into town .
tr	9	" At least three people were petrified before they lost communication with the chamber . "
tr	10	You want to hold onto your sins and wallow in them .
tr	7	" Good evening , Mr. Furnace , " Mana said with complete calm , rounding the corner .
tr	8	There were three types of needles available .
tr	6	" You don 't know the way back . "
tr	8	" You tell me , J , " Seven said , " When 've I turned down a challenge ?
tr	7	would have done the trick .
tr	8	When you take part you think ' twill be glorious .
tr	7	" Great name , " Neil couldn 't help saying .
tr	6	I ate my grandmother , ' growled a voice from high in the darkness . '
tr	10	I rubbed my shoulders , ignoring the fear squeezing the breath out of my chest .
tr	8	Her off hand held a pistol , and she shot down two more guards as I watched .
tr	7	She felt sweaty and gigantic even though she knew .
tr	6	" Maybe he cut it short .
tr	8	Shouldn 't you be in training ? "
tr	9	Her eyes were wide with determination as she stepped closer to them .
tr	8	The night of Otto 's death , they were furious .
tr	8	Rafe wasn 't moved ; he turned a little , studiously avoiding her gaze .
tr	6	But you and I know it better as chicken .
tr	11	They ended up being classified as volunteers -- not employees .
tr	8	" I have been troubled of late sir . "
tr	8	From the ground , they saw far more activity than met the naked eye above .
tr	7	So now Ali found himself following a random , impossible promise .
tr	11	Don 't think I could take him ? "
tr	9	They should be making their way to the compound even as we speak . '
tr	9	Fluted columns surrounded the facade , and a slight footman dashed down the wide stairs leading towards the front gate .
tr	5	Soldiers screamed , glass shattered , rifles blasted , flames writhed , and smoke choked .
tr	5	" Sir , wake up . "
tr	9	Faraway looks had come into both sets of eyes at the mention of home .
tr	10	He smiled at his father like he 'd used to , before the dark times .
tr	10	Alejo told me that both of you are believers in Jesus ?
tr	11	' Are you saying that immortals possess documents even more ancient than the Dead Sea Scrolls ? '
tr	5	Just hope there isn 't any unpleasantness .
tr	10	He worked hard to fit in and learnt to avoid his foes .
tr	9	Or yet still , was this the anteroom where my final fate awaited me even now ?
tr	10	Seeing what lay on his pillow Calvin stopped in his tracks .
tr	10	I hope , as you read these stories , that you experience a bit of that magic as well .
tr	9	" All her physical indicators are lower than the others we 've tested .
tr	8	David settled down on a blanket on the ground .
tr	10	" Help me put these on them , Johnny " " What ?
tr	9	Link questioned , as if he hadn 't put all the pieces together .
tr	10	Nothing can be heard except the sound of her hurried footsteps .
tr	9	I didn 't like where this was headed .
tr	11	" That 's what I imagined you 'd say .
tr	7	The taller woman introduced herself , touching her forehead as well .
tr	7	I have never seen the like in all my travels .
tr	7	There are four other whales nearby , one is smaller than the other three . "
tr	6	The hatchling hissed , and the man quickly drew his damaged hand away .
tr	9	The tractor pulled onto the verge in front of her and stopped .
tr	7	The two went quiet for a while after that .
tr	8	Riki smiled at him and swallowed the last of her sweet roll .
tr	8	The three experienced sailors nimbly jumped clear of the boar before it sank an instant later .
tr	10	When the cousins raised their eyes to the sky it seemed to be full of smiling angels .
tr	6	" Come on , the bath will not stay hot forever ! "
tr	6	Why do you forgive me ? "
tr	5	" This is so funny ! "
tr	9	But from when the science men mate with their lab mice ?
tr	11	Hey , you want to get a burger before we go and pick them up ? "
tr	8	She was kidnapped as well -- to this island . "
tr	10	" I wonder if our Guardian Angels read our thoughts in our normal lives , " Michael wondered .
tr	11	I want to tell him who I am , gain his trust . "
tr	11	You will travel back to the time you left from .
tr	8	" Did William leave me anything new to read ? "
tr	5	The eyes are different too .
tr	6	" Thank you , Captain .
tr	10	" So , " he started , " what do we think of her ? "
tr	9	It was against their nature to choose .
tr	6	" Well , that was certainly exciting , " Melody said .
tr	8	You have a visitor to escort ! "
tr	7	Wolf Eyes pointed to the river , and Wounded Eagle followed him into the water .
tr	6	' Well , perhaps I should just tell you the story , yes ? '
tr	9	" I don 't ... " he started to say , and seconds later felt a blade beneath his ear .
tr	6	Why did I blow it ?
tr	6	Taylor looked at her with a quizzical expression .
tr	7	Such blue , bright energy he has .
tr	7	My soldiers are doing their best , but panic is taking over .
tr	8	" This is , " he starts , lifting it into view .
tr	8	Did Kevin tell you to say that ? "
tr	7	He laughed , a short cackle of pain .
tr	10	She nodded wisely , beaming a smile as fixed as paintwork .
tr	10	" That 's the pot to cook Espresso coffee , " he explained , " I 'll show you . "
tr	8	Entering a contest this big with professionals . "
tr	9	Each hour gnawed away at the faith that I 'd find Aimee .
tr	8	" Aah , " the brothers said together , and Riki looked up , delighted with herself .
tr	11	Lance growls with anger and defiance , his chest heaving as he rises to his feet .
tr	7	They 're just coming ashore , off the Anastasia . "
tr	6	At the airfield , a steady stream of shuttles landed and lifted off .
tr	6	The voice was sharply bracing and Rafe suddenly rediscovered his tongue .
tr	10	Or why it was important to her to do so .
tr	9	" It 's starting to get dark .
tr	10	Word of our abduction got back quickly , and they put together a team to rescue us .
tr	6	" I wasn 't exactly a princess either . "
tr	10	He was in the round bed in his sumptuous room , the sheets twisted around his legs .
tr	11	The round won 't arm -- theoretically -- within fifteen yards of the muzzle .
tr	7	The room was large and resembled the library in an old English house .
tr	9	I can only see the left side of Ryan 's face .
tr	9	There is so much I don 't know .
tr	7	For right now , thank God for your damned foolishness . "
tr	6	Small , playful cuts just to tease and prod and many much deeper .
tr	8	He wants you to run , remember ?
tr	7	I also brought a few packs of real coffee .
tr	8	Lonnie thought about that for a while .
tr	7	" Do it yourself bitch , " he hissed at her in Malay .
tr	5	" Ah , " her husband said , and nodded , pacified .
tr	7	I stuck out my tongue at him and my stomach reminded me of its urgent needs .
tr	8	" I wouldn 't have thought of that on my own . "
tr	9	Who 's room was this ?
tr	10	Chapter Ten ' The Hub ' The flight of stairs led to a long , narrow tunnel .
tr	10	" I know I was , somehow rough ... but I don 't ... I don 't want to break out .
tr	6	Cobb just shook his head and kept driving .
tr	6	' That 'll do , problem sorted ' .
tr	10	How could you not know what 's going on there ? "
tr	9	" Although Jimmy Hennessey did say he got his tractor to working . "
tr	6	Sighing , he lined up his angle , took a short step , and jumped off the edge .
tr	8	David found just the right stone and hurled it at his opponent , killing him instantly .
tr	7	- You know , I always celebrated Easter with my sister and we prepared everything together .
tr	9	It looks like there 's no one guarding the warhead .
tr	8	If this is of interest to you , please let me know as soon as possible .
tr	11	Wounded Eagle was thinking of his mother and wondering if she could still be alive .
tr	9	Her life must be one of constant push and pull . "
tr	7	Her skin was slightly sun kissed and she carried freckles from the long days outside .
tr	10	Do we have to go ? '
tr	5	My mother 's hair is feathered and long .
tr	9	" I have suffered extensive injury ; I am in need of repairs . "
tr	10	If Death was capable of smiling .
tr	8	Geysers of air shoot out into space as Lance creates a breach .
tr	6	And we welcome our friends from up north ; Alberta , Manitoba , and Saskatchewan . "
tr	8	the marine on the other side of his desk ordered .
tr	7	I went straight ahead in it , closing my eyes and took a deep breath .
tr	8	He picked it up and looked at it from the bottom , and Miriam recoiled .
tr	7	" Riki , Riki , Riki , " the girl chanted and cast her eyes up to the heavens again .
tr	9	' We still need the big deal before we can do that .
tr	8	In their center lay the same man , silver armor stained dark with blood .
tr	6	* * * * * Adam stood smoking in the underground parking lot .
tr	10	Chris answered , " What you and the ranger talked about on Sunday .
tr	6	It took me two months , and that 's another story ... but here I am ! "
tr	11	After several minutes he located the woman wading upstream as she searched for a better point of exit .
tr	11	She still operates the station and wanted to have the remains buried there .
tr	7	He held the door open and said , " Anything . "
tr	6	And every time it happens , I slap myself across the head with something heavy .
tr	5	The Toyota Land Cruiser bounced down the dusty unpaved road .
tr	9	I said , " Ouch , careful I 'm a little tender back there . "
tr	5	" There , you look fine now .
tr	11	I don 't have to leave for another 25 minutes or so . "
tr	10	" No , I 'm fine , " the man replied trying to look nonchalant .
tr	9	Who knew Gary watched musicals ?
tr	8	" Hey , I 'm Lucinda and this is my husband , Marcus ... we 're the Pauls . "
tr	10	It was Chris 's turn to swat her on the arm .
tr	7	I let my head fall back and stared up between the tree branches .
tr	11	He knew there wasn 't time to argue .
tr	8	" I can , but we could probably do more , " said David .
tr	6	" Dancing , with another couple , it sounds to me like a double date .
tr	10	Are they likely to join us ? '
tr	8	Who will go with us ? "
tr	11	" It would probably be best if we join our camps together , we are vulnerable apart . "
tr	9	It was warm , they spoke Spanish , and rumors were that bathing was topless .
tr	6	" You couldn 't unlock the filing cabinet . "
tr	7	The process was long and ongoing , but eventually , the voice 's offers of power began to intrigue Javan .
tr	10	I watched as she began to read .
tr	8	Two of his men dragged John off his pony and over to Finn .
tr	5	Somehow , he just wasn 't the same giving , caring man .
tr	10	Much like that in the book of Revelations , presented in the bible .
tr	7	Quietly , he got up from his bed and threw on his fur cloak .
tr	6	We go in , we take him out . "
tr	8	But the Audi 's protesting engine hurled the car forward .
tr	8	" I 'll get some stuff from Boris ' place .
tr	8	" Do not touch me , lost one , I need to focus . "
tr	9	" No , but there is a café nearby where you can find a cream puff . "
tr	5	A snarled command , impatient and needy , a child throwing a tantrum .
tr	7	She raises her hand in greeting .
tr	11	" It sounds like you 're accusing my son of something . "
tr	9	Andy withered and looked down at the floor to avoid his gaze .
tr	8	Your glasses are covered with green spots , and your shirt smells . "
tr	10	like he imagined a cowboy would .
tr	11	Preston and Missile had to go until they crossed the line .
tr	8	After relaying the story to his superiors , the man went home and committed suicide .
tr	6	She was suffering a great many misgivings .
tr	6	All that money , all that power , all that privilege ... just the thought makes my stomach pitch and roll .
tr	7	I did such a lovely job of it last time .
tr	8	Like with every trial we 've faced these last few months since the crisis , prayer helps a lot .
tr	11	The silence stretches , and I watch small sparks of energy scurrying along the tree limbs .
tr	8	She was smiling into his face again , too close for dazed eyes to focus .
tr	7	In that time , more explosions rocked the foundations of the underground facility .
tr	10	There 's no point in kicking yourself about it .
tr	7	We could have broken our necks !
tr	6	" In Plato 's scheme , an indolent buffoon needs more endowments than a silver spoon .
tr	8	Her serene eyes drifted up to meet his gaze .
tr	11	Taking one more moment to consider chasing the boy , he stands idle , cracking his knuckles with hesitation .
tr	8	It made Andy feel quite drowsy .
tr	8	" Hey look , " one of Willie 's friends pointed at the space between the fires .
tr	9	It was a black and white photograph of a man and a woman taken at night .
tr	10	People who like to draw .
tr	10	Loud noises came from throughout the building as items crashed off shelves in surrounding rooms .
tr	7	So he 'd looked for work .
tr	8	She could see the earring again , and he looked kind of cute with it .
tr	6	" One time - " " The faerie courts are dangerous , " cut in Isabelle .
tr	9	It was evident who had won .
tr	6	Or are we two separate , but similar species ?
tr	10	Her back was to him , and she appeared to be checking her watch .
tr	11	Their footsteps slowed as even Sky lost the need to run and skip .
tr	11	Nothing to remind Tarleton of that horror north of the Arctic Circle .
tr	8	And that chit who thinks she 'll have him .
tr	9	He really did need his heart back - and a lot of water .
tr	9	Elaina burst into the clearing on Cade 's heels , muttering under her breath at the ever-present trees .
tr	7	" It 's on the way , Sir ! "
tr	8	For Josie , standing behind Keen , it was simply unbelievable .
tr	8	" Sure thing , " Ted replied , turning his chair towards the house .
tr	9	Then again , I may just leave the helicopter in Key West and cut off the helipad .
tr	8	She pulled herself out of the crowd , seeking for her lost companions or ... is she the lost one ?
tr	7	The Saturday morning air was misty , and the fog hung like a held breath in the air .
tr	6	So , last night , Ruby and I saved a few and here we are ! "
tr	11	You know I 'm almost as strong a swimmer as you , " Alex offered helpfully .
tr	11	" Grant me access to speak with you .
tr	8	" Well , that , sure , but also to enjoy each other too . "
tr	7	" If you need anything , just knock .
tr	7	No doubt he was thinking of the morning trip to the well .
tr	8	" Because I 'm not allowed in there " smelly , drunk , homeless guy said .
tr	7	Scott chuckled then gave her a kiss on the cheek .
tr	11	I looked up just in time to see the debris from a building incase my body .
tr	9	It took only one match to get the flames going .
tr	11	Relieved to be away from Jacobs 's strangeness , Susan went to the intercom and spoke in eagerly .
tr	9	A flashlight clicked on and I heard the sound of a gun cock back -- someone wanted to play .
tr	9	A deep breath later , Link turns to face the spirit with an irritated gaze .
tr	9	The corridor now felt like a tomb sealing us inside for all time .
tr	5	After a long , dramatic pause , she continued .
tr	5	" Sure , " oozed her sugary voice .
tr	6	" You look good for your age . "
tr	8	Manuel looked back at her , the smile still on his face , and she beamed back at him .
tr	9	More gas receipts ; one from a station in Colorado and two from Nevada .
tr	9	I need you to fetch me some .
tr	5	Quicker entry time , more gift aid collected . "
tr	8	She pointed with the rifle barrel at the one in the dirt .
tr	7	The thoroughfare opened out into three major corridors , and a fourth smaller corridor tunneled through the rock .
tr	10	He has seen it work though , so he was determined to give it a try .
tr	11	She turned towards Claire and seemed surprised to see her so close .
tr	8	But she complied , and pointed out the broken bolt on the inner side .
tr	10	Next , the three automatic robotic spiders were placed into the hold , each in a canister .
tr	7	giving in to the sensation .
tr	10	" Just lay off , " Gabe says , though there 's been a long pause of silence .
tr	9	There 's no doubt in my mind that he 'll be a powerful mage . "
tr	11	" Maybe you didn 't get the clue the other night that I 'm not interested in you . "
tr	7	' Just make sure Victor and Roman get through those gates safely . '
tr	11	But I 'd say it was probably built around or just after the Civil War . "
tr	6	I reached them just ahead of Victor and Costas .
tr	11	" My lady , I hope you are not asking me what I think you are ! "
tr	8	It was six in the morning and there was no bloody soul in the resort .
tr	11	" You 're thinking of someone I guess , " a voice intoned .
tr	9	A year ago I would 've agreed with Dad and squashed any doubts .
tr	11	he screamed as he found himself hurtling through the darkness .
tr	10	Chapter 17 -- Overrun Jim Meeks sensed right away that they were in deep trouble .
tr	7	Reaching Portland , the ' Occupy Eugene ' units had a brief firefight with the ' Occupy Portland ' crowd .
tr	7	Hopefully some of them 'll get along to the next Water Rats gig . '
tr	8	All told Paris and Rome were raucous .
tr	7	But of course everyone realized that he already had .
tr	8	When one of the boys found some rubbish he would stop and pick it up .
tr	6	- Alfred , Lord Tennyson , " Maud " " Try it again , " Will suggested .
tr	9	Claire had told Bethan about Carl and Michael , work and Kim .
tr	11	She thought it could have been twenty-five feet or more .
tr	9	She took the medicine silently , draining half a bottle of water .
tr	6	I must touch the color .
tr	6	Alejo hid his displeasure behind a passive mask .
tr	5	Lots of weird literature stuff and inside jokes .
tr	6	" On 15 September 2008 , the U.S. Department of the Treasury suffered a significant information system breach .
tr	8	He fell in love with all of it , good and bad . "
tr	8	Bob 's gaze met the president 's and locked .
tr	10	He touched the old wood before the door was thrust open hard .
tr	11	Of course it does , it 's meant to be a message for you !
tr	8	" All we now need is to find the second trainer ! "
tr	7	" I don 't want your kisses , " she said .
tr	7	I pulled Reid and Anatole in after me .
tr	10	" It makes my place a little less of a refuge for you , " she said .
tr	8	He ran down the short hallway , past the men 's and ladies room , and started up the stairs .
tr	8	Several years later , one of my MI6 contacts informed me that your father had died .
tr	6	" How 'd you get home ? "
tr	7	Snow Job felt the hand move and then he felt the hot , wet blood wash over him .
tr	5	" No no no , no no no , " the man said hurriedly .
tr	11	Maria stepped forward , lifting her shotgun to her shoulder as her husband had taught her .
tr	11	It looked at her closely through the holes of its feathered , sequined mask .
tr	9	Harder to fool than the wolves .
tr	11	I 'd let Herb and Jim deal with Ms. Abernathy from now on .
tr	11	He didn 't have the courage to do it and he knew that .
tr	5	Mink stoles , lace fans , polished shoes , and waxed mustaches were everywhere .
tr	9	' It was your blood , wasn 't it ? '
tr	11	She found her robe and crept downstairs , trying not to make the steps creak .
tr	11	They stop what they 're doing to stare .
tr	10	As if having a voice in his head weren 't bad enough , she 's an escaped criminal to boot .
tr	6	But to me the sea was a cold place , distant and uncaring , remote and dangerous .
tr	5	His bare feet are dirty and bleeding .
tr	8	If the sheep didn 't wake him , Rocky surely would if someone or something was creeping about .
tr	11	This was going to be interesting at the least .
tr	9	His body lay there , blood darkly pooling on the ancient boards .
tr	11	A thought was beginning to form in Simon 's mind .
tr	6	An instant later , this horrible pain came out of nowhere .
tr	8	" Look , " Chris said , motioning to the man .
tr	5	Same light blue eyes , same slender nose , same pale Irish skin .
tr	11	" I 'd like to learn how to fish , " Miriam said determinedly .
tr	8	When Aimee wasn 't looking , I ditched my armor , but it wouldn 't be for long .
tr	6	" Well , then , why don 't you come out here and hand me the bill ? "
tr	8	I had no idea where they were .
tr	6	You ' l stil be Logan , and I ' l stil be your Gypsy girl . "
tr	7	The two of them watch the men at the front intently , and I can understand their interest .
tr	6	But if anyone sees me kissing a student ... " " Oh , Debbie , I 'm not really a student .
tr	6	" You did the right thing , " said Anderson .
tr	11	It made me want to jab her again .
tr	7	Paco 's wife , Alba , took Kia off to play and he led her into his treatment room .
tr	6	In that moment , for the first time , I saw my father 's mercy as weakness .
tr	6	A short time later , the bright orb of the moon appeared above the trees onshore .
tr	5	" And for you , Mister Tremblay , a sliced orange , toast and coffee .
tr	10	She spotted one she hadn 't seen before .
tr	8	His eyes are wet , shining onyx hiding behind his long bangs .
tr	9	With a shrug she decided it didn 't matter : the girl spoke English .
tr	6	' But what about the deck hook ? '
tr	8	Yep she 's tough alright ... ... still very much at home in the jungle .
tr	5	So yes , we 're very rich indeed .
tr	8	" But what is -- " Mana shushed her again and drew Miriam 's original essay towards her .
tr	11	" What are the chances they will extend the same friendliness to us ? "
tr	6	" Okay , Joe , so what kind of a deal are we talking about ? "
tr	11	The suite was cold with a tinge of damp in the air .
tr	9	To put the icing on the cake Atticus never asks about my past and I didn 't care about his .
tr	7	It had wings but could not fly ... a result of the curse placed upon his kind so long ago .
tr	9	Not one collapsed monastery or Roman arch would pass by without an anecdote from my friend .
tr	8	Given a choice between a thrown money clip and a screaming victim , a mugger will always choose the money clip .
tr	6	It 's floated out somewhere . "
tr	7	Linda had joined us and was pouring the coffee .
tr	8	As soon as she mentioned nausea , he 'd known .
tr	8	I assumed someone , somewhere had made a mistake ; pressed the wrong button .
tr	9	Though people were sparse , there was an air of normal day-to-day life taking place .
tr	6	High , curving cheekbones , a small , pert nose , and lush , red lips made for sin .
tr	6	You see , Doctor -- Seth , Erica resented Chris presence in our lives almost from the very beginning . "
tr	7	Spies act cool , calm , and suave in any and all dangerous situations .
tr	10	The ship moved forward , ever forward , its progress marked by the daylight slowly inching across her deck .
tr	7	" Can I look in Mommy 's backpack too ? "
tr	8	After a moment , Wounded Eagle said , " They know we are coming . "
tr	6	He never moved from his seat in the cart .
tr	8	Chapter 54 Destro stormed past Sergeant Major Duncan and into his private office , slamming the door behind him .
tr	7	Taylor 's answer was as much a question as a suggestion .
tr	7	He waited for a reaction but got none .
tr	8	The door opened and Maria finally came out , brushing her long , wavy , black hair .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	8	At this time of the year , being almost Christmas , the base was almost deserted .
tr	6	Even in the fading sunlight , the chainmail and weaponry of the riders glinted brightly .
tr	11	The air is cool and crisp , and I hear the hum of an air conditioner vibrating through the walls .
tr	9	He said , scaring me much more then before , and I dried fast my tears .
tr	7	Then , with another sigh of relief , he closed the Tome for the very last time .
tr	10	Then he reversed the spin by letting up on the left handlebar and pulling the right one back .
tr	7	You then waved your hands around me and turned my dirty clothes into a beautiful gown with the most wondrous jewels .
tr	7	They could not go beyond that .
tr	10	The brick walls and cobblestone floor melt away , leaving him standing in a bright white light .
tr	6	" Huh , " Esmeralda said , " either way , we 've missed school . "
tr	10	" The Werewolf who impregnated Joan ; Merry 's father . "
tr	11	Calvin suffered ever more after Justin 's career choice only just fell within acceptable principles .
tr	8	We 'd be doing the same in their shoes . "
tr	8	They walked briskly across the warehouse to Fish 's car , and Fish left without another word .
tr	9	The baby was able to grow up .
tr	7	Josie looked back to Mark , amazed .
tr	5	After the sale , I went ballistic .
tr	7	Many JP residents have friends or relatives in the WTR .
tr	8	Andy instinctively jumped back and flung himself against a wall .
tr	7	In the early hours of a new morning , I lay down in an open field overlooking a large lake .
tr	9	I kept imagining telling him .
tr	8	" We 're people from a more advanced world , " she 'd argued simply .
tr	10	His station was at the large window at the back of the crew compartment .
tr	10	One of them picks up speed and goes tumbling down the slope of the roof .
tr	10	As she watched , the two boys who were also staying in the house walked past .
tr	8	Their car was on the train in Calais .
tr	9	What do you think you see out there , little brother ?
tr	7	What 's more , traffic became thicker .
tr	6	I strode across the room to his private filing cabinet .
tr	10	" We can 't risk them knowing that we know .
tr	11	The door was right there , but with no apparent way to get in .
tr	8	Now we 're in an episode of Survivor Man . "
tr	11	Dark eyes held his , and he stood from wiping his blade on a dead man 's coat .
tr	5	His sister 's house wasn 't very far away .
tr	11	Then the rest broke , shoving each other out of the way as they made for the door .
tr	6	" Hey , Jess , " he said , " how do you like my place ? "
tr	9	" Just don 't take any more than we can carry .
tr	7	" Sorry , " Jessica apologized , " but they do stink . "
tr	8	They call for the attention and help of the One in All .
tr	9	There was a very large forest in front of her .
tr	5	" That 's the same bear . "
tr	9	The spectacular effect of the shot was not diminished in any way by the relative absence of sound .
tr	10	The spectral triangle emerges in a tranquil whirlwind the moment his thoughts shift to it .
tr	10	This choice you must make in the coming turns . "
tr	8	The officer stared at the video as aliens demolished the rovers .
tr	11	Drug companies also need to change their approach to doing business .
tr	5	In other words , the perfect shell becomes the perfect delivery system . "
tr	7	He howled like a stuck pig as the nails bit and fell between the joists into the crawlspace .
tr	6	My fingers stilled on the last page on the journal .
tr	11	The sun would be up in a matter of turns and it would be time for them to begin .
tr	11	" We 'll spread out , link up by Bluetooth and find out how many angels are in that house .
tr	10	What do you think is going on ?
tr	7	He briskly walks over to the cadaver , pulls it from the bag and flips it over .
tr	10	She paused to let that sink in , seeing the frown spread on his face .
tr	11	Better to be safe than sorry was their motto even in a remote location like this , just an old habit .
tr	6	" Miss Kirke , " Mrs. Dean spoke her name with the same rolling lilt as her son .
tr	10	She feels bad about what happened tonight .
tr	11	Liz grinned as she watched her walk off .
tr	7	You are still very tired , " Roberto said , standing up .
tr	6	The girls went to their next classes .
tr	7	' Pick me up in twenty . '
tr	9	This was something to be feared .
tr	10	Navi 's continual interrogation seemed rude at first , but more and more it is starting to become justified .
tr	11	She was wearing the same , somewhat worn , suit she had worn the day before .
tr	9	Simon and Steve , both balancing on the sides of their bikes , locked into close combat .
tr	9	Tori walked out of the office and headed back to class looking at the envelope .
tr	9	Every so often , when she forgot where she was , he could see it .
tr	6	They ordered some sausages and the spiced creamy mashed potato on the bottom .
tr	10	There was rye bread and cheese , chicken that was cooked , and a parcel of pork chunks that was not .
tr	9	" I don 't care if anyone reads it .
tr	10	He wished he knew how it worked .
tr	8	" Thanks Atticus , " I yelled at the top of my lungs .
tr	6	The Commander made his way through the crowd towards the station exit .
tr	11	Hopefully she 'd given George no indication whatsoever of any sense of recognition although even now she couldn 't be sure .
tr	9	Why does he ask about that , of all things ?
tr	10	Even the bus station was sounding preferable now than staying here and watching this .
tr	8	Ted pushed back from the pilot 's seat , crashing into the bulkhead and slid down into a sitting position .
tr	6	Lieutenant Beau Myers looked a little overwhelmed by the instructions .
tr	9	He pulled aside the gauzy red curtain and peered outside , probably checking for any bad guys .
tr	6	' This is impossible , ' Anna finally murmured just after two am .
tr	8	I raised my fist again , but before I could knock , a rumbling filled the entryway .
tr	6	Hindus call the mass energy source " Brahma " ; the " God " .
tr	11	You seem to have it all planned out . "
tr	9	She also found a shoulder pouch with four magazines in it and one loose mag as well .
tr	10	As for my men I will need to speak to them . '
tr	9	As he was dying he had managed to get out a war cry .
tr	7	I feel the whisper of their auras , even from this distance .
tr	8	Unfortunately , the food was not as good as he had remembered .
tr	10	Don 't know if they 'll make it .
tr	9	I came back with my mind , being in Laurence arms , on the back seat of his parent 's car .
tr	8	Moments latter a bright flash engulfs the entire ship as the reactor goes critical .
tr	5	" Hello , Mr Moretti , are you still there ? "
tr	10	They seemed to be enjoying his music , but restless about something .
tr	10	" Not quite how I would put it , but an accurate summary nevertheless . "
tr	9	" Well you can 't exactly send it an invitation to supper , " Steve drawled a smile .
tr	8	" Nice doing business with you old man .
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	8	" If we all shoot at the same time , he will fall , but what about the dingoes ?
tr	6	The flat area contained a cot , two sleeping bags , a knapsack , a lantern , and canned food .
tr	11	It wouldn 't do for townspeople to see their faces and report their neighbors ' crimes .
tr	7	It was followed by the clothes from about the room .
tr	8	" It 's ok , I have long retired and most of my enemies have died of old age .
tr	8	He knew Antonius was hooked .
tr	10	But Chris wasn 't here to talk about immigration .
tr	6	THIRTEEN In the City The Sentinel 's gaze focused steadily on Spike .
tr	9	No one was sure what to say .
tr	10	" William has me running the surveillance session today , dressed in my best . "
tr	10	The canister from the lab had slipped from my backpack and fallen to the floor of the tunnel .
tr	10	That messenger has perhaps a two-hour head start , so you 'll need to move swiftly .
tr	8	" We 'll just check you out there , " said the girl while taking his blood pressure and heart rate .
tr	10	The last thing he wanted to do was cut himself in this filth .
tr	8	This also led to a fruitless outcome and left them feeling frustrated .
tr	7	Whatever it had been , it was gone now .
tr	8	We have to get out .
tr	6	Two seconds later , a dozen men and women stepped out of it like some bad alien movie .
tr	8	Chapter Twenty Eight Adele stood in the aperture of the tent .
tr	5	" Aye , in my chest below , " Jenny said .
tr	7	The fight continued , and soon they were both absolutely drenched in sweat .
tr	9	Again , she found herself in front of a tall , iron door .
tr	5	" And her life is pretty messy right now . "
tr	6	The lout looked at Sarah with naked admiration .
tr	8	That was all he said .
tr	10	I 've already sent someone down to Costa Rica to start at the beginning .
tr	7	returned Lord Rand with a grin .
tr	8	He ran his fingers over the familiar cover like the face of an old friend .
tr	8	The soldiers constantly checked behind corners and made quick sweeps of each office .
tr	11	" Let 's go Cobble , " Thatch declared as he turned to look around .
tr	8	I need to calm down . "
tr	7	For reasons he wasn 't sure of , the approaching darkness summoned a ripple of unease through his gut .
tr	9	Regardless , they worked well together , and that was the only thing that mattered .
tr	8	Then suddenly Ben asked : " Is it a sin to marry ? "
tr	10	While Josie and Jimmy went off to get dinner , Mark purchased a newspaper and sat down to read it .
tr	8	Everyone knew , when the children come , miracles start to happen .
tr	7	Mana selected three volumes from the bookcase and looked out the window .
tr	8	Suddenly , a wild blast of arctic wind slammed into my body , rocking me from my stance .
tr	9	" I dreamed that I was a child again and my mother was bathing my face . "
tr	9	She started to follow her , but he caught her arm .
tr	8	" No it 's Friday ; I go to my dad 's house this weekend . "
tr	11	I keep thinking about how everything has changed .
tr	10	He closes his eyes and waits , and the shame comes like a sudden rain soaking right through me .
tr	8	Only a Creator could heal disease or great injury as if it never occurred .
tr	6	" You trace those bones back , right back past those eel type things .
tr	7	Miriam looked at it for a moment but couldn 't understand it .
tr	10	He seemed to be studying the wall to his left .
tr	6	He 'll just work more .
tr	8	" Then let 's do this . "
tr	7	Give it to me , and I 'll sharpen it . "
tr	5	Every weird fetish , exotic food , or black market item was available there .
tr	9	It was a while before they broke apart and he sat down and held her hand , visibly trembling with excitement .
tr	11	He had practiced since the last time we 'd fought .
tr	9	" What are you doing -- stop this !
tr	6	He carefully returned the binders to their places on the shelves .
tr	9	No clockwork servants cleaning the streets , no industrial towers slowly burning through the night , no bright electric lights .
tr	11	Then there were the overhead lights that had simply stopped working .
tr	9	Come to the flybridge ; we 'll get you sorted in a minute . '
tr	10	" It is a beautiful town built on a hill not far from Siena .
tr	7	But I 've come so far with the pillars , too .
tr	8	If only he could have helped deliver a couple of kicks to the suspect .
tr	11	Just enough to allow him to get a word or two out .
tr	11	We both start to laugh because the parasite is dead .
tr	10	Keep working on brining the Heirs around .
tr	8	" I didn 't mean ... " " I know what you meant . "
tr	7	Ted shoved the doors aside and pushed the heavy cart out into the daylight .
tr	7	The gentle giant gazed at her with so much love and adoration .
tr	8	Considering you 're making her grandmother be your servant . "
tr	11	On you not being there for me .
tr	9	" What the hell 's wrong with you today , anyhow ? "
tr	7	The clouds around them had lightened a little , but visibility was still practically nothing .
tr	7	" Playing dead all these months , you are a hack , " said William .
tr	11	He was sitting on a pile of earth and rocks a couple of feet away , his breathing heavy and fast .
tr	8	' Fine , I can only wait for the results now , ' she said with resignation .
tr	7	Whoever these little guys are , they 're definitely not from here , folks . "
tr	8	The sign read : " Camp Beaver Rules " and underneath : " 1 .
tr	10	It was hard to tell with Xavier .
tr	9	Chapter 31 The evening by then was fully night with a blackness startling in its emptiness .
tr	8	Chris asked , raising his head to glance at the professor .
tr	6	" No , we see it too , " Stacy said .
tr	10	They could smell us a mile away as if we stunk of expired gypsy perfume .
tr	8	Before he could stop himself , one corner of his mouth twitched up .
tr	9	Very easily , I could 've slipped into this role and forgotten .
tr	10	" But you can stop shredding your companion with your lovely grey eyes , my dear .
tr	5	" So , you 're a Keystone Kop ? "
tr	10	He knew that it was there though , and he was determined not to give up .
tr	9	Having to ration my knapsack food , my stomach was anything but grateful .
tr	6	' Consider it your first European tour , ' I said brightly .
tr	6	Claus looked pale and shaky , but his voice sounded strong enough .
tr	10	And they have to have safety exits for the facility .
tr	6	" My parents aren 't here now , though .
tr	8	He turned to the surveillance photos of the Pennsylvania Avenue sky rise spread across the hood of a vehicle .
tr	7	What was done was done .
tr	8	He strolled back into Amanda 's bedroom , going straight for the dresser .
tr	5	Then there are the German chocolate ones , too .
tr	11	The sirens kept blaring as I held Shadow Eater 's gaze .
tr	6	' We 're trapped , ' Friedrich said dully .
tr	6	No sound , no words , no movement , then , ' You shouldn 't be here . ' '
tr	7	They were seated in the schoolroom again .
tr	10	' Get out of there now they 're on to us . '
tr	7	" We no longer can work for the project .
tr	8	It hasn 't been used for cycles .
tr	11	Soon we were past the sea buoy and I relaxed letting Jim put the ship through her paces .
tr	8	The old man wailed , begging for mercy .
tr	9	As he rubbed my back and ran his fingers through my hair , I didn 't know how to feel .
tr	9	Yet even with the distraction of a looming , enjoyable meal , Ward could not escape his current predicament .
tr	7	He must be the fox , and Ali concentrated his gun and attention on him .
tr	10	" Who 's going to tell his wife ? "
tr	9	I will fight him with every means at my disposal .
tr	10	demanded their captain , who rode in front .
tr	9	Chapter 3 -- Roadblock Nathan and his family continued steadily west after leaving the shack .
tr	7	" After all you have lost , my lady , your forgiveness does you credit . "
tr	8	As always , his lawyer was wrinkled and unkempt , carrying his portfolio and a briefcase .
tr	9	It didn 't smell like any particular food that he could identify .
tr	5	The girl gives me an appraising look .
tr	8	" I have to survive too . "
tr	9	Shadows fell in the darkness behind us ; more appeared to replace them .
tr	11	Do you have to nag ? "
tr	10	" You think this is some kind of game ?
tr	8	They will not sing her praises with some free food and lodging .
tr	10	He spun her around to face him , her hands in his .
tr	8	I grinned at the short , portly middle-aged French man with the thick moustache .
tr	9	It 's just it 's my first time , and I 'm a little nervous . "
tr	11	This is what brings me down enough to start thinking .
tr	10	" Who 's up to going with me flying tomorrow ?
tr	6	" But it 's not a random stranger , " I said in a shaking voice .
tr	10	Looks like you 'll be riding all day long . "
tr	8	Jason reaches to his thigh where his new pistol is strapped .
tr	9	The whole city is built like one giant palace under one great roof .
tr	9	I will have to wait now .
tr	6	It could not be easy .
tr	10	I think you fulfilled the legacy of this ship . "
tr	9	Soft clicks around me indicated that the others were doing the same .
tr	8	With a wicked smile , the assassin drew his other arm back , a dagger glinting in the sunlight .
tr	8	A pile of hay in a barn was like a five-star hotel for me until last night .
tr	10	It was as if this unholy thing was the epicentre of the snowstorm .
tr	10	" We created a weapon that would cripple our own power supply ?
tr	11	A much louder rumbling sounds causing Rift to freeze in his tracks .
tr	9	It was the pride of the village at stake .
tr	5	The dark little tadpole , however , soon outgrew his siblings .
tr	10	My real point is that you should hide the Ankh somewhere safer . "
tr	9	Alex quickly moved to the back of the vehicle and opened the back door .
tr	11	" Hey , are you coming down to help with supper ? "
tr	10	The Prince winced with each sound , unable to control his frayed nerves .
tr	10	This was nearly the entire source of light in the room , but it wasn 't bright to look at .
tr	9	I opened my mouth to voice another question .
tr	9	She slowed the car and scanned for anything out of the ordinary .
tr	8	You could barricade a whole family in this basement and never come out for a year ! "
tr	9	And the journey ended up being one mishap after another .
tr	9	He would tighten the cinch before he mounted , but if he did it now it would just be too loose .
tr	10	Gage asks trying to calm me .
tr	8	Never had she been more proud of a simple roast chicken .
tr	10	Understand that it 's not for sale , at any price , period ! "
tr	11	' Yeah , Richard said to ring ze moment we arrived . '
tr	9	And then you must 've had your phone turned off . "
tr	6	When ' the Pulse ' hit , the SatNav went down along with any satellite communications .
tr	9	the Defender yelled , breaking into the Prince 's thoughts .
tr	6	' The creatures from the Dungeon Dimensions have legs and things all over the place . ' '
tr	11	There was a desperate need for workers willing to stay .
tr	8	One of them appeared to Chris about the size and shape of a medium-sized Coast Guard Cutter .
tr	8	Chapter 2 Tate woke with a start , squinting directly into the rising sun .
tr	9	I begged for her release and finally one of the slave girls offered to stay behind .
tr	8	the tall man said as he walked up .
tr	5	' No , you weren 't , but that other man was .
tr	10	The old man seemed to be winding down like a neglected clock .
tr	9	She turned to look at him .
tr	11	Who would desire to live on that spooky tower ?
tr	9	" Thank you , but I am injured quite badly enough already .
tr	7	After retirement , he found himself alone , but without the familiar duty .
tr	10	I knew he was referring to Olsson .
tr	9	" You said he was a brilliant scientist , " I argue .
tr	10	Rafe watched the colour disappear from her face and her eyes fill with fiery anger .
tr	10	We gather information , on members of the High Blood , the Most High , and the Children themselves .
tr	6	" Finn , should we not ... ? "
tr	6	Cardinal Lopez , looking small and uncomfortable , took a step back .
tr	5	" Yeah , " Kevin answered .
tr	9	But to do that he needed her trust and love .
tr	6	' How many has he smoked so far ? '
tr	11	Combustion occurs in a boundary layer diffusion flame adjacent to the surface of the solid propellant . "
tr	5	The others followed suit reluctantly .
tr	8	" Well when we have some jewellery there 's a man we go and see .
tr	8	" Were not in the Ethical business , Johnny , we 're in the Shelter business . "
tr	11	Ice looked at Nik who was studying Dale .
tr	9	' Someone had to get your sorry asses out of there . '
tr	9	" I don 't know what to say .
tr	11	It jerked a bit as I positioned it in the center of the road .
tr	8	Jonesy had been out of the Air Force for a year .
tr	7	" And if I do well , will you show me ? "
tr	8	God willing , it 'll die before he returns . "
tr	11	The wounded man got to his feet so quickly it was as though nothing had happened .
tr	8	Silent muzzle flashes glared angrily as the leading soldiers cut them down .
tr	9	" That 's what the people of Punt call them .
tr	8	She looked at Neil and the cup he was holding .
tr	10	" Then we 'll hang out whilst we 're studying .
tr	5	" My question stands , " the Baroness said .
tr	10	We can 't get her up from that ledge , even if we both pulled on that chain .
tr	11	' These are the latest thermal satellites images we have of the tower . '
tr	8	Time and sound drift away as the infinite depths below welcome the boy with open arms .
tr	8	Jonesy closed the outer hatches to both outer craft for security after his flying partner floated in .
tr	7	Going into angled climb , altitude 41,000 feet , " said the C-5 pilot calmly .
tr	8	She looked at her beautiful golden brown roast , shiny with herbs and basted with goat butter .
tr	9	" After tomorrow , I give you my official blessing to leave Spy Games .
tr	6	Peter closed his eyes , breathed a few deep heavy breaths , opened his eyes again and nodded .
tr	6	" Patrick , " I said , more sneer than welcome , " always a pleasure . "
tr	6	" There , does it look good on me ? "
tr	10	Of course , the servants were distraught , but again , there was nothing to be done .
tr	9	That triggered another furious round of gunfire as the men below retaliated for their fallen compatriot .
tr	11	' I joined the Regiment 12 months ago ' one of them said .
tr	9	Without being conscious of it , every carefully placed step brought back a treasure of muscle memory to his revitalized limbs .
tr	7	To hell with them , they could wait .
tr	7	" I can 't get deep-fried syrup anywhere else , " said a third .
tr	10	She yanks with all she has , but the blade refuses to give .
tr	9	We should be able to stay .
tr	8	Unless you have a crystal ball or a magic wand . "
tr	7	' Who would have thought ?
tr	8	It 's been agreed with Richard .
tr	8	After thinking about it for a moment , he got an idea .
tr	10	" Are you going to tell your father ? "
tr	8	' Rogues , ' I translated at Reid 's puzzled frown .
tr	10	Katherine lay back and watched Calvin straighten ingesting her words .
tr	5	Late the prior evening , about the same time he and Sally left this house .
tr	11	I 'd suggest you listen to our offer before making any threats . "
tr	6	Keep me in the loop . "
tr	11	Mana seemed to have gone all silent , so she was left to her own devices .
tr	9	Why did he try to give me a gun , too ?
tr	9	They became very still , not even breathing as the hunting party passed .
tr	10	" They were too wrapped up in the test to notice .
tr	9	The old man had helped Hailey and her family so many times .
tr	10	" Mum , don 't you mean to say as dad ' was ' ? "
tr	9	A girl was chained with a metal ring on her feet .
tr	6	Why does that word feel so dangerous ?
tr	6	" How could you miss them ... . .
tr	10	Just saying it made it feel a hundred times worse .
tr	10	" I thought Mana might be hungry , " Miriam responded with injured dignity .
tr	10	Hard and beautiful he lay in front of her , his muscles still tensed after the strenuous work .
tr	5	" Finally , Ms. Baylor , " Augustine 's clipped voice said .
tr	7	Page one , photo two , sixteen black Hunters in a perfect diamond formation .
tr	6	Why is she in pajamas ?
tr	6	I packed a bag , turned the heat off , hit all the lights , and recorded a new phone message .
tr	10	" I don 't think they want us to leave . "
tr	6	Already on the docket were requests from Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine .
tr	7	" I don 't know , " she shrugged , " I didn 't really see them much . "
tr	11	Rick said , responding to the look on Adam 's face .
tr	6	Kaylin and Mom were there , but I finally sent them home .
tr	7	All through the afternoon she thought about Roberto and his feelings for her .
tr	10	" I think we should be completely obvious , " he began .
tr	9	" The best way for you to stay alive " said George .
tr	11	He began running up and down the line ordering men to cease fire .
tr	9	It seemed to be the right thing , nothing more .
tr	6	" The fire went out last night and the tinder did not light . "
tr	5	" Nope , nope , nope , disco .
tr	11	I tugged on my T-shirt , trying to stretch it past my knees .
tr	7	" Well it 's making me irritated . "
tr	11	The caravans caught on fire which freaked out the horses .
tr	7	But now the snow-covered mountains to the east announced the end of fall term at Boise State University .
tr	11	The old van looked like it had been round the world and back .
tr	7	She heard him swallow hard .
tr	9	Could he do nought without making it worse ?
tr	10	All I wanted to do was sleep .
tr	9	I can 't wait to hear -- " " There 's no time , " Eva gushed , her breath ragged .
tr	9	Mr Brown 's eyes narrowed as he glared at the boy .
tr	8	" I have a list of Swahili words for things somewhere in my notes ! "
tr	10	Our attack was successful in destroying the village and many defenders .
tr	11	Claire decided two could play at that game , and enunciated her words slowly and loudly .
tr	11	" I think you have whiskers on your brain , " Neil retorted .
tr	10	Daniel 's long tail dragged in the dirt and his large ears drooped in despair .
tr	8	That was either terribly insightful , or a completely ridiculous , and I am not sure which .
tr	8	Taking his hand in hers , she walked them over and the two sat down .
tr	6	He looked back at Adele .
tr	9	" He understands that the situation is difficult , " replied Rafe cautiously .
tr	8	Claw twisted the weird-looking knob before them and the door burst open , revealing an odd , dark room .
tr	7	With her smile broadening unnaturally the tall woman slowly slides her eyes toward Meagan .
tr	10	Two other men rounded the table on the Prince 's right , blades flashing in the light .
tr	6	Cisco raised his voice in frustration and anger .
tr	8	Eda paused , her expression becoming softly unfocused .
tr	5	In a few years , the Vatican bank needed a new financial director .
tr	6	" Releasing helm corrections , " the gunnery director called .
tr	11	" Do you think they know that yet ? "
tr	8	He was hesitant and soft at first before he took her mouth hungrily .
tr	9	I wondered if the man might be insane .
tr	10	He 'd finished in enough time to come and help her out her pod .
tr	7	I asked him and his image twitched again , instinctively I lifted my pistol .
tr	8	Aimee smiled at her cousin and said , " Good-bye , France . "
tr	9	hollered Every , " That 's how I 'll hide ! "
tr	9	As she said the words , a terrible fear seized her and her sentence finished in a near shriek .
tr	6	He slipped his fingers through mine .
tr	11	There will be four seats placed into each of the shuttle 's cockpits . "
tr	8	" Dangerous , " he says , nodding with satisfaction .
tr	6	" Turn the lights off , " he ordered .
tr	8	" Why wasn 't I - ? "
tr	9	" These matters we will decide upon .
tr	6	One wolf , a big one , separated itself from the other .
tr	8	We could work together on a mission , and he 'd be so happy .
tr	11	From having to pay for this festival ?
tr	7	Its former magnificence had been shattered , the remnants of its marble and granite walls now like a crushed eggshell .
tr	8	Rudolf had a very clean-shaven German jaw and wore a preppy gray sweater and dark jeans .
tr	9	But he shook that off ; she could not hurt him anymore , at least not like that .
tr	9	She chuckled when he too pleaded gruffly , her eyes shimmering .
tr	5	" Yes , we did , " Dr. Alpert 's deep voice said .
tr	11	I was done dealing with both of them .
tr	9	Courting would have to be postponed .
tr	6	' Hah , boiling 's no good , it don 't kill off all the germs . '
tr	8	How did they know who they were ?
tr	8	Though most of the children instantly look ashamed , a couple grow wide grins , considering the accusation a complement .
tr	9	Sarah dug into her purse and handed her son a biscuit wrapped in a paper napkin .
tr	9	" VIN , why don 't we fill a canister with those silver rocks ?
tr	11	" I 'll go get my arrows when it stops moving .
tr	10	The three of us moved as shades , darting along like whispers in the night .
tr	10	Each new century people want to change what they built .
tr	8	But the would-be armored assassins had never encountered any prey quite like the prototype Zero .
tr	5	Not that I believe him .
tr	7	How in the world did he ? "
tr	9	The car had pulled up in front of my apartment block .
tr	7	She understood what he meant .
tr	8	Taylor had seen them on several occasions but had never talked to them before .
tr	11	he thought to ask as a chill struck him .
tr	9	He was wasting time sitting here in a mall .
tr	10	The bear knew that the spear had come from them .
tr	10	The rescuers thought it wise to withdraw quickly .
tr	9	A wind blew through , and I held the beret against my head as I gripped my art supplies .
tr	7	There is more energy in the room .
tr	9	" You promised to be beside him .
tr	9	Two black clad figures rifled through his room showing no concern for his property .
tr	9	Horses wouldn 't eavesdrop , so they were all stabled indoors under the fort 's sleeping rooms .
tr	6	" I don 't believe it ! "
tr	7	We have a timed reentry and a cold beer would taste real good right now . "
tr	11	" That 's for trying to set me up . "
tr	8	One matchstick at a time and if we take the wrong one Chet loses . "
tr	8	Steam rises from the surface of the liquid , filling the large room with a greenish mist .
tr	8	As the spring came on , I traveled to Switzerland to hunt the stags .
tr	7	Switching it on , I entered the PIN number and then scrolled down through her contacts .
tr	11	Wolf Eyes and Three Baskets both knew what had to be done .
tr	10	You 've been doing great getting repeat bookings in the same venues .
tr	8	" That might be lice , not fleas , " Goodspeed said helpfully .
tr	10	So I thought I might go as a prostitute . "
tr	10	It 's a fantastic risk -- a little time won 't ruin us , but it may well save us . "
tr	10	Ted only had time to shout a useless warning .
tr	11	She was hugging a man who had just entered the pub .
tr	6	" Good morning , Mr. Fuego , " the students replied in chorus .
tr	7	And this , ' he extended one leg , ' was from the sappers during the first siege . '
tr	9	He brushed the question off with a wave of his hand that turned into a sweeping gesture .
tr	7	The leader of the pack , Carlos , topped a rise at full speed .
tr	9	Sofia smiled removing her hood and paused upon seeing him .
tr	8	She wanted to trust him .
tr	11	Why was I even thinking about that when my best friend was missing ?
tr	10	I asked my sister to go with me .
tr	10	' You 're not allowed to rough him up , ' he added tersely .
tr	11	" We have to be out of here by midday , if we are leaving ! "
tr	8	" Come in , Virgil , Simon ; why are you both just standing there ? "
tr	6	The sun is just coming up .
tr	7	" No , " Rift mouths , frozen in place once again .
tr	9	Since there was no polite answer to this , Miriam merely raised the corners of her mouth .
tr	11	I know you want to find him .
tr	10	" I think so , plus the Air Force can 't understand why he has such a big program .
tr	9	He screamed and grabbed his upper arm which instantly mushroomed red .
tr	8	She needed to trust me .
tr	7	Less than a minute later he heard him coming down the hallway .
tr	7	Anything , I 'll do anything , but leave her alone .
tr	10	' I mean song writing 's something we do together and know works .
tr	11	I doubt he 'll ever stop regretting this one .
tr	7	" Probably burnin ' off another one of his drinkin ' binges , " Hawk thought to himself .
tr	11	His foot missed a step and horror froze his heartbeat as he felt himself fall .
tr	11	He coaxed himself into believing the image was just his imagination .
tr	11	Leaning back , he gave a curt nod to Gao who inclined his head slightly in return .
tr	6	the Sultan himself would be impressed .
tr	6	They talked back and forth for over fifteen minutes .
tr	8	Malcolm wrapped his arm around my waist , and I 'd never been so thankful for human contact .
tr	7	Mark asked , looking around .
tr	7	With GMD , Little Spirit would soon be three plinths higher up the pyramid .
tr	9	The boss looked at the young woman next to him with surprise .
tr	8	Mr Brown squatted down in front of Andy .
tr	10	He wants to cast the Linking as soon as possible . "
tr	6	" He killed the chief physician , " Meagan replies simply .
tr	11	She 's the one who knows what happened .
tr	10	" Sorry Signor Beppe , but you keep on referring to Whisper by his codename .
tr	9	" They can 't seem to hold it . "
tr	11	Jan wasn 't bothered by the company but the question did manage to catch her off guard .
tr	7	Behind them the forest was a black impenetrable ocean of shadows .
tr	7	Another huge guard appeared and bore down on Simon .
tr	6	On our left , the Hancock Tower gleamed against a clear sky .
tr	5	Today , a meal and some rest will more than suffice .
tr	7	In return each received a rapturous applause , not only from the crowd but from their peers as well .
tr	10	' I could see if my mum 's Renault is available , ' Raphael said .
tr	6	And then I don 't hear him anymore .
tr	11	I heard from the Federal Reserve that you might be bringing illegal contraband into the country .
tr	5	Same sour smells , same cold air , same white walls and speckled linoleum floors .
tr	11	I said , in the most conversational way I could think of .
tr	6	By now , the troops in the armored rail cars were shooting wildly .
tr	9	The phone was answered by a woman with a Scottish burr to her voice .
tr	10	We were almost at the first landing when a volley of bullets whined past us and struck the wall .
tr	5	" Hey , " I call .
tr	9	There 's an older boy , like maybe twelve , sitting on the guy 's lap .
tr	10	Where was his unknown ally , the one that had covered him ?
tr	8	" One minute , " Abby sarcastically replied , " I just hope they come back with all their fingers . "
tr	9	Kimberly was understanding , but was getting a little sick of it .
tr	5	Noah quickly changed the subject .
tr	9	" I think he 's telling the truth . "
tr	6	A burger with the works : cheese , lettuce , onion , relish , catsup , bacon - the works .
tr	9	Following sign posts , Claire took a detour to find gemstone bay .
tr	8	His story was forgotten for a few minutes , while he and Andy ate .
tr	5	" Buying time , Mr. Jones , buying time .
tr	8	If he killed you in secret today , he could impose his own will .
tr	11	After the initial shock passed and she realized who held her she relaxed in my arms .
tr	5	" It 's a nice bed . "
tr	9	He reemerged with the items he was looking for .
tr	11	Barbara shook her head as if to be free of her comment .
tr	10	Take this pill to not be hangover next morning . "
tr	8	Robbie followed him around pouring the champagne and orange juice .
tr	10	' Fantastic , ' Raphael said seeing Johnny still looking like a cowboy .
tr	11	" Are you two going to be all right ? "
tr	11	He 'd learned to be happy with that .
tr	5	The three Quarry hunters , and Scully , contemplated the question .
tr	9	She folded it in half like it had been and put it back in the first trunk .
tr	9	Now we just have to decide on when . "
tr	8	Tim listened for a second then shook his head .
tr	7	We turned and headed swiftly along the passage .
tr	8	Without seeming to notice , he even adjusted his cravat back into perfect alignment as he sat down again .
tr	6	He parked up on the grass verge outside the gate .
tr	6	" Well , give me a few minutes , to , uh , make myself presentable . "
tr	5	Alejo felt his jaw drop .
tr	7	David threw a tarp over the body and returned to the kitchen .
tr	11	When he was sure she was asleep , Landon rose .
tr	6	It was short but worth it .
tr	6	" You know , " she said with an apologetic smile .
tr	7	She looked at the ladder and the veranda twenty feet up .
tr	9	The Angel led Michael and Ben to a lift made out of pure light .
tr	5	" Stop the truck ! "
tr	10	I guessed the farmer had bought Sally 's fields .
tr	6	His muscles contracted painfully , released , contracted again , his arms , his legs , chest , and back .
tr	10	To prepare my photo camera , even if it stood still all this time in a drawer .
tr	10	See which ones they want . "
tr	11	There was no other land on which to build the bridge supports . "
tr	9	Exiting the road , we passed under the branches like ghosts loosed upon the earth .
tr	6	" It 's just your imagination , " Gunnar said .
tr	10	It must have been attracted by the lights or my scent .
tr	10	" Tell me what you are doing , please . "
tr	11	She knew I was searching for her , but she didn 't care .
tr	7	I saw this building from the outside , and it was just an average size .
tr	6	Let 's get outta here , " Lex was anxiously looking around .
tr	8	Aimee clasped her hands together with a dreamy look on her face .
tr	10	The girl was quick enough to hear the edge to the question .
tr	11	Zell felt urged to convince her otherwise .
tr	11	Bax began to tie the rope securely around Cordelia 's slender waist .
tr	11	I believe we have the skills and the resources to pull it off .
tr	9	The archeology students who had spent long days there were long gone .
tr	10	Its fore legs twitched beneath it as the dog tried to stand .
tr	10	It seemed to her that the weight of the cloaks would pull her over , but suddenly she found herself supported .
tr	10	They had no breath left to shout , but a bestial mad howling rose from their lips .
tr	6	He said , " Yeah but they also say ... satisfaction brought it back .
tr	11	" I 've always wanted to spend the rest of forever with you , my princess .
tr	6	The gates are closely guarded and no one went in or out the last few minutes ! "
tr	10	" We could let ' em goes over the other side there and ya know ? "
tr	6	She nodded weakly and said , " Yes . "
tr	6	" I 'll go and get my notebook . "
tr	10	No , he saw what he wanted to see .
tr	10	Only a few hundred folk dwelt there , decaying remnants of a once great race .
tr	9	Jason shuts his eyes tightly and tries to imagine a big comfy armchair .
tr	10	But when he held it to the light , he saw the bottom half was still blacker than night .
tr	6	That night Wolf Eyes went to his house with his wife .
tr	11	" Do you think it 's them ? "
tr	11	Moments later , he heard the door open and turned to see Sarah come in .
tr	7	He put his clipboard on the ground , paced off a few feet , and ran a semi-circle toward the bar .
tr	7	Joy burst through my veins and flooded my body .
tr	8	Do you know how expensive a governess would be ?
tr	6	At that moment she looked exactly like her daughter .
tr	9	Remember to stay in character .
tr	8	Valerian turned and tore a handful of cords from a near-by hanging .
tr	9	It seems that he was in a hurry .
tr	5	" Oh my God , " Georgie said , " so much farther . "
tr	8	" My , my ; is not Lord Rafe a well liked man , Adele ? "
tr	8	He asked , looking her over with a critical eye .
tr	6	These feelings are powerful , and in normal people the ego and the superego dominate the id .
tr	8	If I were honest , I felt slightly inadequate in the presence of such a formidable combatant .
tr	5	" Yes , it 's probably a black man . "
tr	9	The haunting glow of moonlight radiates in the fine mist the grimy stones have produced .
tr	9	Had we not been so distracted and our travel so rushed , it would have been a pleasant trip .
tr	6	" Come back , " she said , " Sunnyside and I think of you now and then " .
tr	9	But Old Cairo made him feel like a bumpkin .
tr	7	With lightening speed , Jason grabs the doctor 's hand , gripping it painfully .
tr	8	I want to go home . "
tr	5	' Oh , definitely , even more so I would say . '
tr	6	Their limo was a hearse , their wine a drug , their servant a harlequin .
tr	6	The responsibilities of a land owner weighed heavily on him .
tr	9	" All the more reason to continue for me .
tr	9	" I think she wants our help , " Scott told his brother .
tr	8	Are you riding shotgun ? "
tr	11	The villagers had caused a few funny moments , which she told with zeal .
tr	8	Noah was the first to complain .
tr	8	" Our course should stay as is .
tr	9	Ricky detected a faint glistening from the surface of the stump and put his hand out to feel three smooth stones .
tr	9	Gabe 's aura rears up and engulfs him , so bright that it hurts my eyes .
tr	7	He jumped up and threw his leg up over the limb , nimbly climbing the new tree .
tr	7	" You shouldn 't have kept all this inside . "
tr	8	Marja then held the door for her with a reminder about that afternoon .
tr	8	The road divided undulating hocks and hills crisscrossed by ancient stone walls .
tr	10	The Angel explained that this drink would immediately restore the boys ' spirit and strength .
tr	10	" They went to sleep like Sammie did . "
tr	8	After completing his secretarial duties , he enjoyed a leisurely breakfast of Pop Tarts and instant coffee from his Thermos .
tr	10	They were more concerned with fighting over everything .
tr	5	' Oh oh , it 's the party inspector ! '
tr	11	The rest of the day they kept to the shadowed crevice buried into the rocky hillside .
tr	5	But tonight I need distraction .
tr	9	And you 're right to detect tension .
tr	8	" You are quite right , there has been no visible fire , no flame to this point . "
tr	6	Floating upward , their green hair and blue lips looked like masks on their bloated dead bodies .
tr	10	Any new ideas to make this a happier place will be gratefully considered .
tr	8	He swayed a few moments before regaining his balance .
tr	11	Hailey blushed a little about how Mama knew about the things she did in secret .
tr	9	" I could not survive if I lost you forever . "
tr	6	They made their exit together and , shortly thereafter , her magic carried them both far away .
tr	7	Can he monitor any of your sensors ? "
tr	8	The boy has been taken to the Infirmary .
tr	11	They silence everyone and force those they cannot silence into hiding .
tr	8	A thin , crimson trickle coursed down his neck and stained the collar of his shirt .
tr	10	Look how well dressed they are .
tr	11	We should 've been able to protect you . "
tr	9	He still looked thoughtful when I led him to the private elevator .
tr	8	He 'd be very polite and then do whatever the hell he wants . "
tr	5	" Well , out of the three , she definitely was the best .
tr	10	" Adele , I want you to know it is the same for me . "
tr	5	" Yeah , well ... " " Did your mom totally kill you ? "
tr	9	After a while , it seemed the Spaniards took one look at the Lady Grace before givin ' up .
tr	11	Gan 's never had that , no matter how often others called his name . "
tr	9	I sighed and smoothed out the wrinkles in my coat .
tr	7	You are more impressive in real life . "
tr	8	Charlie and his men were clearly showing the effects of their drinking .
tr	5	" Hello " , Abby and I saluted polite .
tr	10	Forty-one Aimee had entered , headlamp on , carrying a tray of food .
tr	11	I would like to see exactly where the dingo is .
tr	11	" Do you know what she 'll become ? "
tr	9	Continuing on their way , the fragments of the now exploded shell found their next victim in the watching soldier .
tr	9	It did make him pause .
tr	8	The Empress Exiled them , and all of their Kindred .
tr	10	Their destination was the landing , and then after that , the village of the Yellow Leaf .
tr	7	He didn 't look at me .
tr	10	They continued on their way after taking minutes of rest .
tr	9	I could grow to like this place .
tr	5	" Yes , we did , " said the girl .
tr	5	A combination of cold and stress in this inhospitable wilderness ?
tr	7	Once inside , he kneeled , snapped a suitcase open , and pulled out his gifts .
tr	9	The old-timer who sold it to me said it 'd grant me a wish .
tr	7	Tears pushed at my eyes but I refused them .
tr	9	Her nightgown was folded neatly on top of her pillow .
tr	9	The metal door shuts with a bang like a gunshot or like panic or like gruesome finality .
tr	10	The organism is self-sustaining as long as it has power .
tr	7	" I 'll pick him up and you move the blanket . "
tr	10	He did feel better , less frustrated and distracted , but still nothing had been resolved .
tr	9	I 'd expect you to know better . "
tr	8	" Kin are joined in clans ; each clan has a Chief and elects three Elders .
tr	11	" The guy on the radio said everyone thinks you 're dead . "
tr	9	He could have been here an hour ago , " replied the former Air Force pilot not getting up .
tr	6	I scrutinized the lists on the screens with a frown .
tr	7	What was the alert message from security ?
tr	5	Did you kill him ? "
tr	7	Her voice was so beautiful and warm , he could listen to it for the whole eternity .
tr	8	As soon as he hit the ground , the little boy rushed over to the hooded man and hugged him .
tr	9	Their greasy faces and stained teeth matched their body odor well .
tr	11	" That 's what friends are for ... " " Tell Rick not to get his greasy fingerprints on my coin .
tr	8	the Prince heard a second man ask the captain .
tr	5	" You did , huh ? "
tr	6	Her back was to me .
tr	7	A few minutes later a servant stepped out of the tent and almost stumbled over her .
tr	6	" Hi there Jen , it 's Brian , is Kate there ? "
tr	6	" Did I at least get my breathing right this time ? "
tr	5	' Forget I asked , ' he muttered .
tr	8	With rough hands he took her chin in his hand turning her head to both sides .
tr	11	There was nothing he could do for her on that crumbling step .
tr	7	During his 15 years of service Adrian reached the rank of Major .
tr	10	She heard Dante begin to chuckle .
tr	7	She dumped her bag in the back room , grabbed her apron , and pushed her way back into the cafe .
tr	8	She set out to get some answers .
tr	10	said Victor above me while my steel and glass prison was securely latched into place .
tr	10	" Alright , but where does all this fancy equipment get sent if not Area 51 ? "
tr	10	Beard - perhaps good to grab hold of in a fight .
tr	8	" And what we suppose to do ? "
tr	11	I 'll be looking Vox up when I get back for sure . '
tr	8	We don 't have time to fight .
tr	8	Then the three of them sat down together , " Should I go with you again ? "
tr	10	The morning papers would report it caused scattered power outages and minor damage across the region .
tr	9	My brother and I played here all the time ... . .
tr	7	Alex took the first photo to the wall ; Abby followed with the second .
tr	7	Due to the power contained within , his heart was pounding out of control .
tr	9	I didn 't mean to frighten you .
tr	5	UPI then the AP , nothing big time -- had the local beats .
tr	9	" Fuck , " thought Mark , " that 's a bit direct .
tr	8	Sullen clouds warned winter could still strike .
tr	8	" There are a million questions racing through my mind .
tr	9	The River Guard hopped off their horses , gold armor glinting in the sun , and drew their sharp steel swords .
tr	9	The man pushed the knife aside and tried to stand again .
tr	11	I hear the air kick out of his lungs , see the scarlet pulse around his body .
tr	8	It had been several generations since the last Snake intrusion into the burrow .
tr	8	The elevator doors closed and the elevator began to descend .
tr	11	I thought I could warn you in time , and we could get away before ... . "
tr	11	Sofia let out a sigh of relief , seeing that it was his hand after all .
tr	8	The rock was warmed by the sun , and now it was warm and pleasant to him .
tr	5	" Yes , Will , " Sam answered their little brother .
tr	10	" Hey , sport , " Mark said , reaching down and picking up a bottle of suntan lotion .
tr	9	How to steal a man 's power , his health , even his knowledge , all by devouring his heart .
tr	11	She looked up guiltily at Ruth , remembering her thoughts about why the ballet lessons had stopped .
tr	8	By the second pass overhead she knew he was still alive .
tr	6	He understands his purpose here at the soul level , even if not at the physical level .
tr	10	She replied sadly , distracting him from the enticing curve of her collarbone .
tr	8	" George ... I wondered who the hell it was .
tr	9	If you haven 't completed it by then , you never will . "
tr	11	No one seemed to know what to say .
tr	8	I think I 'm at least your age . "
tr	8	Oh , and they 've changed the formula a few times over the years . "
tr	7	Yes , I 'll probably outlive you , so what !
tr	8	The hermit flinched away from the raptor 's stare of the man holding him .
tr	8	The man was simply arrogant in his dealings , but those women loved him .
tr	8	You have to realize that .
tr	9	Interpol are working on that in Amsterdam .
tr	9	Imagine they were hurting her .
tr	5	" Not yet , " she said .
tr	7	They were ring shaped and roughly six feet in diameter .
tr	11	The valet led me through the home carrying a small lantern to light our path .
tr	8	He tried to be reasonable .
tr	6	The wood creaked in protest beneath his bulky frame .
tr	11	He recovered quickly , motioning for them to join the group .
tr	11	I just wish there were more to do .
tr	7	The trees swayed with the rogue wind , producing creaking and heart-stopping crackling .
tr	8	" I never knew you to be dramatic before . "
tr	7	David dialed the direct line to the Lieutenant he had met up at Clive Barracks .
tr	9	There was a near stampede as the food court cleared out .
tr	7	This is the face of death . "
tr	9	It could even mean a double load in both returning spacecraft , or nothing !
tr	8	It 's not as if anyone wants me down there really , except maybe Neil .
tr	10	Assuming that 's achieved the band starts earning .
tr	6	His breathing grew laboured , the air rattling in and out of his lips in shallow pants .
tr	9	What she had to ask .
tr	7	She ignored the burning in her arms , watching the dented white metal door .
tr	11	See what shape it 's in .
tr	8	They had only been girls , very young and very innocent .
tr	9	He had to find it ... now here it is , the general ' s spear .
tr	10	The feeling that I had just touched on something significant would not go away .
tr	8	' And this is with regards to ? '
tr	5	In White Cold Snow and Vast Nothingness I was much safer . "
tr	6	Who was the blonde English chef berating his cooking skills ?
tr	10	Strange light cast eerily moving shadows through the curtains and he thought he must have overslept .
tr	8	" Peachy , " I manage , though I am , in fact , nowhere near peachy .
tr	10	Blinking away the purple haze that filled his vision , Landon looked to Elaina , mute horror filling his mind .
tr	8	I yelled , glancing at the side mirror .
tr	10	I wanted to start laughing hysterically .
tr	6	" Well , we can pray , you know ? "
tr	9	Though the image had faded over the years , I could still make out the two figures within the frame .
tr	10	" Are you going to do it ? "
tr	7	After a few more bumps and grinds Arabella was finally straddled the centre line , but pointing in the wrong direction .
tr	10	How were they going to save Darya , the other young girls and the children ?
tr	5	By the pentagram I wear ; Water , Fire , Earth and Air .
tr	9	I followed the rules and did what I was told .
tr	9	She felt immobilised by her lack of transport .
tr	11	Down the sides of the hall there were what looked to be beds .
tr	7	A few pieces of pungent refuse hit Kurt , and he stumbled .
tr	11	Do you think I should ? "
tr	8	I 'm sitting here in Spain at mass with about five little old ladies . "
tr	10	" Nine , " answered Ricky wondering where this was going .
tr	9	" There was a ' date ' matching that on the cube .
tr	7	Each of the Knights knelt beside the nearest lad , pouring a bit of that wondrous Water on the dead boy .
tr	7	She dropped it back in the top and put a new filter paper on the bottom .
tr	11	Do you know what it is ? "
tr	10	he asked her once he had composed himself a little .
tr	7	Like much of Germany , our soil can be fruitful and the forests are plentiful .
tr	9	When we arrived at the control centre Gorn found a quiet spot and remained silent ; watching events play out .
tr	7	Casualties were mounting and the enemy was standing firm .
tr	10	Their family bed and breakfast had two guests at the moment , an older couple in town for an anniversary party .
tr	9	The arms flailed in useless circles over his head until the man ran from their view .
tr	9	Aria acknowledges Warrior with a stiff nod and turns to follow the biotech specialist .
tr	6	They were in a small entryway .
tr	8	" Like taking on a lion , tiger or bear with their bare hands . "
tr	10	It seemed hours before she finally rose , favoring stiffened muscles .
tr	8	Jan asked as she stepped nearer .
tr	9	" Well then , let 's get ourselves a room for the night .
tr	8	One seized a cake of soap and Miriam 's arm .
tr	7	Alejo sat down in the chair , hiding his uneasiness .
tr	11	Nothing was ever going to be ok between them ever again .
tr	7	" Shadows and fire , this wasn 't here before , " the girl cursed .
tr	10	Marcus laughed , not knowing how else to react .
tr	9	She stroked the cover tenderly a few times before she gently laid it on his legs .
tr	8	After taking the coins from the counter , he thanked the man for his time and turned for the door .
tr	8	This will be hard going now .
tr	7	The food was forgotten on their plates .
tr	6	... Humorous , sometimes ominous , Big Apple Hunter is entertaining and perfect for easy , breezy reading !
tr	6	" Be quiet , " muttered Edwin , pacing round the shaft .
tr	9	He could not make out what they were saying .
tr	9	It would be like him to survive the Journey .
tr	11	Dave leaped through the opening just in time to see the rope go slack and hear an engine roar off .
tr	7	On her third visit a few months later she met one of the instructors .
tr	11	Again , the beam of purifying light is batted aside , another portal of darkness opening near the ceiling .
tr	9	When I reached them , my friends were staring down at the valet , a knife imbedded in his throat .
tr	5	" Only my interns , my staff , my patients , and my friends . "
tr	10	Ted expected to feel a hand on his shoulder at any moment .
tr	7	He fought his way to his knees and turned toward the voice .
tr	11	This was who she was meant to be .
tr	6	In any case , she pushed her new stepsister down the stairs .
tr	7	" I didn 't really follow the story all that much , but the singing was cool . "
tr	6	" A little nervous , " she admitted , " but I want you quite badly . "
tr	7	And I hurt meself in the dark , on that -- " She pointed to the CROWN PHOENIX .
tr	10	And all of them had turned their heads to stare at him .
tr	8	It ran between the outer gun mechanisms and the central core where the surgery , mess deck and magazines were located .
tr	11	" Well , you 've found one crystal , bet you think you 're smart .
tr	9	" I 'm not doing anything , I was just wondering if you hit your head . "
tr	11	Tears stream down her beautiful face , which is contorted by torment .
tr	8	he said , setting it back on its hooks .
tr	8	Chris watched the man 's face as he peered inside .
tr	9	Everyone nodded , so he pulled out reading glasses from his military uniform pocket and began scanning lists .
tr	7	Radiation is a strong component of the process .
tr	8	I tapped my finger over a second drawing at the edge of the paper .
tr	6	" That 's Diamond Head , " the pilot answered .
tr	5	" You 're a Muslim ?
tr	6	My children I love you guys .
tr	6	Well , you never noticed me then , but I noticed you ! "
tr	5	' Once more into the fray . ' "
tr	7	Gavin spoke to her again , this time louder and closer .
tr	6	With my left arm , I shoved the prisoner to the side .
tr	8	With one more scan of the woods , she assured herself that she was indeed alone .
tr	7	He wasn 't looking at me .
tr	10	" But hell , there 've been so many new coins lately , I can see how people might get confused .
tr	9	Life , the last year or so , had become like a game of chess .
tr	5	After the first song a frustrated Raphael stretched his shoulder .
tr	10	A serene celebration of the circle of life as it began once again its unending dance .
tr	8	He will not be Gunnar ; he will be the witch 's servant . "
tr	7	I am Revere , and I owe your father much , ' he looked at the ground when he spoke . '
tr	10	" Before one of us says something that cannot be forgiven ! "
tr	11	We need to be especially careful not to touch the sample at all .
tr	7	He was wearing a beige jumpsuit and slip ons ... ... .
tr	11	Adele listened in the silence that followed and heard nothing .
tr	11	It was the only time when I saw you being insecure .
tr	11	She carried a secret she didn 't want to share .
tr	9	" Were you happy at the fort , Lady Adele ? "
tr	6	The shapeshifter laughed to himself at the idea .
tr	9	Kaylie was baiting her to demand more info .
tr	6	" With all due respect Mr. Morgan , " he turned to the assembly , " and teachers .
tr	9	Claire sat back in shock , heat flooding her face .
tr	6	" Now , Edward , we weren 't meant teh fight wi ' guns .
tr	6	This was not good , I was still a great bit far from them .
tr	11	Ahead lay an old shed sitting below a small hill .
tr	7	" I thought of that already " Kaylie said confidently .
tr	5	What time is it ? "
tr	8	Times have changed though , so I wish him more luck for his quest today .
tr	6	" Much like the carnival , " Ethan said , " her history has been wiped . "
tr	8	" Remember when I first became king ? "
tr	8	Ramon is a small time drug guy here in the barrio , we know he sends Ramirez business sometimes ... .
tr	10	She ran her hand tenderly over the pages brushing slightly against Taylor 's hand .
tr	10	' I suspect they were stolen from the first cave . '
tr	11	Make sure you bring her along with you , " I said .
tr	8	Besides , the two of you already look alike -- same build , same facial structure .
tr	10	I followed the direction she was pointing in .
tr	6	And with those words , a blue-white shaft of lightning roared down from the clear night sky .
tr	8	When she opened her eyes and looked up , only Nick was there , looking down on her .
tr	9	Ted flipped the slices of Spam to cook on the other side .
tr	10	" I do not expect you to care for my grandfather .
tr	11	" I think we should look for her , " Kendall said .
tr	5	" What about you ? "
tr	6	' He 's not a bad old lump , ' said Preston .
tr	8	Shaking the sense of defeat aside , he quickly again found himself choosing between " fight or flight " .
tr	5	" Feels like a key . "
tr	8	The man wore the rough clothes of the country and glanced up at him with a keen eye .
tr	11	She asks , searching for his eyes as they dart about in a paranoid twitch .
tr	10	" We 'll stop for lunch in a bit , " David said to his son .
tr	9	The asteroid loomed large as Jonesy manually took them in closer .
tr	6	The older man clapped him on the shoulder with a friendly grin .
tr	9	Nobody goes out , nobody comes in , and nobody communicates with anyone on the outside without my direct authority .
tr	10	And then it struck her , and she realized she 'd been a fool .
tr	9	My body is so exhausted from the strain that I can hardly stand .
tr	6	Parked just outside the door was a deep blue , almost black Mini Cooper club wagon .
tr	10	Who learned how to operate the UC ?
tr	11	I love you and I want to take care of you .
tr	9	Reality ceases to exist and the walls in front and the ground beneath seem to recede and are felt no more .
tr	7	I listen to their car doors open and close .
tr	11	" Then I suppose there is nought for it but to retire to my own camp . "
tr	6	All shapes and sizes , walking , rolling , sometimes even crawling , poor things . "
tr	8	" One night we should get together , over a wee dram , and swap lies . "
tr	6	Tristan laughed loudly , the sound making my own lips curl up in response .
tr	8	The door opened and in walked a Major of the 1st Parachute Regiment in uniform .
tr	6	" Yes , and they respond too . "
tr	10	" Is she going to be all right ? "
tr	6	The third , fourth and fifth compartments are the same size and have the same roof doors .
tr	6	After only a brief few moments , all of the supplies were in her satchel .
tr	5	The odd pickaxe and shovel still littered the floor .
tr	8	" But my husband is Lord Baron , and I am beholden to his commands .
tr	9	" She 's welcome to come along .
tr	5	For the first time , completely and honestly , she decided something .
tr	8	The area his men were covering was rather large .
tr	9	Particularly when it came to cloth .
tr	6	And all appeared well down at the marina .
tr	8	A small coal fire burned in the hearth and a kettle stood on the grate .
tr	7	Something in her voice spurred him on , and at last he found his speed .
tr	6	I also wrote Heist , a darker time travel mystery .
tr	9	The Skull was right in front of him now .
tr	7	After a deep breath , Geist addresses the duo behind him .
tr	10	If it wasn 't for him , I wouldn 't be sitting here telling you this . "
tr	9	Then the road to contentment or even hopefulness isn 't very far .
tr	8	" Maybe we can find some turtle 's eggs , " she continued .
tr	7	The beaches were filled with sunbathers and swimmers .
tr	8	The group sat quietly , riveted to the screen .
tr	9	Covered in the mixture of black tar and hair , he looked like a creature from another world .
tr	9	" We are steady at 75 feet ... climbing through 76 ... 78 ... 81 ... Distance , VIN ? "
tr	10	Now she knew that what she found out is something highly important .
tr	10	I feel like I am looking at a brochure .
tr	8	Images flashed through her brain like a movie on fast forward .
tr	10	" I really appreciate everything you 've done for me . "
tr	5	Abby , you are my last hope . "
tr	9	Riki said , slapping one hand at the screen .
tr	10	Something he had tracked down after her mother died .
tr	8	Hailey knew without the fences her children would wander .
tr	9	" I thought you were dead , " Josie said between kisses .
tr	8	" You 'll see what I mean . "
tr	8	Leaning forward , Chris put his head between his legs to let the nausea pass .
tr	7	The green eyes staring back at me and the pink hue of her showing me the way .
tr	8	Remember , Law of Attraction always brings you what you focus on ?
tr	6	Her life force was so strong , demanding and powerful , and it drew me in .
tr	8	Seems like I have two choices .
tr	11	The act of fleeing started to fill Connor with feelings of cowardice .
tr	11	Don 't say anything to each other out loud in the flat , it might be bugged .
tr	10	It is the only advice I can give you .
tr	9	They reached the top of the hill and were promptly greeted at the door and ushered inside .
tr	9	They both had to laugh at the dramatic display .
tr	9	Claire could see Kim getting emotional but wasn 't sure what to say .
tr	9	You know , I can 't believe I 'm still alive !
tr	10	It looked and moved almost in ghost-like fashion but he was sure it was not a ghost .
tr	8	Josh and Claire sat together on the sofa , close but not touching .
tr	9	He could do this , work with Rupert in CI .
tr	7	So far he has most likely taken out seven targets without hesitation .
tr	8	She takes her place next to her Admiral , giving him a shy smile .
tr	9	He desperately wanted his Dad back but the odds of losing his Mother too just went up significantly .
tr	10	And she really didn 't want to talk with Alejo about it .
tr	8	He 'd smiled and invited me into his world , his life .
tr	5	" Of what danger do you speak ? "
tr	10	It was Old Claw that made her journey with an arrogant creature on her back .
tr	10	The engineer from NASA was shaking his head as he looked at the screen .
tr	6	" Nobody 's home , " she called to them .
tr	7	" Nope , except for the Industrial Products website , our Bob Simpson doesn 't register in any civilian databases . "
tr	8	People were eating with their families or enjoying a respite from the summer sun .
tr	11	All visitors were permanently tracked in NET 's database , which was continuously archived .
tr	9	But this was not what he 'd expected .
tr	10	" Let 's go in my office Dave ... ... grab a coffee ... if you can stand the stuff . "
tr	5	Blue , cooling , calming , like the sea , like your eyes .
tr	5	" Three to one , Gage , " Harrison called out .
tr	7	He 's daft as a loon .
tr	9	How could she poke fun at him at the sight of his obvious misery ?
tr	9	Mickey was still at the table , deep in discussion with Rob .
tr	8	He looks down through the special observation glass at the dock floor .
tr	7	" They live on the coast , " Neil answered , stuttering .
tr	8	Logan grabbed me then , physically lifting me to my feet .
tr	8	You are all heading back to base , Lieutenant .
tr	7	I 'm here for you , baby . "
tr	7	She took out a silver chain and threw it outside , in the snow .
tr	11	" Are you worried about the two of you ? "
tr	6	The unusual weight of the metal kept the length necessarily short , no longer than my forearm .
tr	9	Their course would bring them to the southern edge of the Land Between the Lakes Park .
tr	8	" Her plan hinges on just one advantage and her arrogance is her biggest weakness , " Jason says .
tr	9	" It 's almost midnight , we don 't want to be late . "
tr	9	" Bone structure matches the others we 've seen . "
tr	7	" What 's going on ? "
tr	8	" Call it what you will , " Brand said .
tr	11	That 's how you know they 're female . "
tr	8	The Prince saw , to mingled feelings of relief and anger , that she wasn 't much hurt .
tr	5	Without messengers , this whole world , everything , just falls apart .
tr	11	It was like something in the wind was calling him ; summoning his presence .
tr	8	The dull glow from a flickering light on the ceiling blurred in out of view .
tr	8	They changed into their bathing suits and grabbed a couple of bath towels .
tr	5	At last , the group reached a small isolated shack .
tr	8	" Soon , like when I 'm 29 ? "
tr	9	Claw nodded , stroking the tip of his long beard .
tr	10	Connie and I returned to the boat and took great pleasure in rehearsing for our wedding night .
tr	6	A voice like a lightning strike echoes from a nearby room .
tr	8	When it comes to families , Superiors are highly loyal but subject to change ? "
tr	8	' Write down what you want , ' said Victor with a curt nod .
tr	11	We vote on ' When did you stop beating your wife ? '
tr	9	Nothing will make what happened better .
tr	11	By the end of the four hours they 'd be knocking out bad guys in a cutthroat race for the prize .
tr	6	" Coming , " Daniel yelled back and they ran inside .
tr	10	The guys seem to be settled in at Terry 's .
tr	8	She had only one shot left and no way of reloading .
tr	10	René and Michael looked at each other not quite sure how to take the invitation to gossip .
tr	10	They 're a lot lighter than the FLN but a smaller caliber , " George paused .
tr	8	Apart from low-growing mosses and lichens , there were few plants and the bleak rocky landscape looked inimical to mankind .
tr	9	That was ok for about six hours , and then I got cramp in my leg .
tr	6	There were no plants or birds or animals , just that monster standing there .
tr	8	It doesn 't get better that this .
tr	10	When she came back in front of him she was quite naked .
tr	6	She returned seconds later with a large cake tin .
tr	10	It was sometimes so hard to find someone reliable .
tr	6	" You 're our sister , " he says .
tr	10	Not much bigger or wider than the Internet closet back at the inn .
tr	11	Not those who claim to hear God , they 're usually harmless .
tr	5	In the evening , with the setting sun I saw it .
tr	6	A woman with a warm smile directed him to a corridor on the right .
tr	5	Here in her building , though , she felt its full , unmitigated effect .
tr	8	The worms were all hiding and the bugs had all crawled out of reach .
tr	9	" Are they going to talk ? "
tr	8	Then weeks later , he 's murdered , along with his entire family .
tr	9	" Unless your hut 's bullet proof ; open up , " I said .
tr	5	" Don 't you see all those dead men out there ?
tr	5	" A strange old fellow , was he not ? "
tr	9	I crawl to the farthest corner of the room and lean my forehead against the wall .
tr	6	The sand was white and fine , the waves soft and refreshing , and the town warm and friendly .
tr	7	I felt time slow down .
tr	8	But David was looking at the shuttered and dark village windows .
tr	7	He was never late for dinner .
tr	7	' How do you know about the safety deposit box ? '
tr	10	Something that might have been amusement moved in his eyes .
tr	11	" Did it have to be puns ?
tr	6	" No , actually , " Bobby responded with a small shrug .
tr	9	The Pencil was not like his brother in one important way ; he was numeric as against physical .
tr	11	' I think she 's the little girl in the picture , ' I said quietly .
tr	6	Yet , despite his location , the haughty patrons of the North District rarely chose to frequent first generation shops .
tr	11	There were rustling sounds all around us .
tr	8	A few minutes later I stood in front of unit three .
tr	6	I replaced the gag and left .
tr	10	It was Adele who came to his aid .
tr	8	" Maya , just don 't think about it , " Gabe says .
tr	8	What you want to become ? "
tr	11	At least it was warmer on the plain that it had been in the mountains .
tr	7	I crossed the floor swiftly and glanced outside the window at the empty yard below .
tr	6	You were always a strange girl , but a fair shot is a fair shot .
tr	9	All of this is only happening because of what you did . "
tr	11	He couldn 't pass up the break it had given them .
tr	8	Inside , her dropped her arm and latched the tent door shut .
tr	8	They appear bit by bit in number , bringing coldness in her whole being .
tr	10	This time it was the restoration expert who could control himself no longer .
tr	8	Sensing her alone and looking over he tapped his foot to the music disguising his nervous leg shake .
tr	10	" He looked like he was falling in love .
tr	7	Still , no harm in asking . "
tr	7	Still , if we lose ... " He held Layla 's gaze .
tr	7	Perhaps he sabotaged the equipment , she mused to herself as she paced .
tr	6	Ben and Victoria were still on the lower level .
tr	6	" But ... " " Now , Eda ! "
tr	8	We are turning you over to the authorities . "
tr	11	They passed through and stopped in front of a second door while they waited for the outer door to close .
tr	9	We were starting to get worried .
tr	9	I said she could touch her .
tr	11	He turned his head away to try to compose himself .
tr	7	He looked at her for a moment and set an insolent smile on his face .
tr	9	He reached up to a cluster of control tabs and hit a play icon .
tr	6	move on , have a drink !
tr	8	So many new adjectives that I can rightfully commandeer .
tr	10	She made the decision for both of them and gently covered the small hole she had made .
tr	5	The annoyance , confusion , anxiety , happiness , surprise , desire , curiosity , and the sadness .
tr	6	" I 'll hunt you down ! "
tr	8	Flashes erupted from the muzzle of his gun .
tr	9	Byron thought about that for a moment , and then nodded his head .
tr	10	By dawn 's light Brazen 's men saw the boats already in the middle of the Mississippi steaming back south .
tr	11	Her voice cracked , and I was certain I saw a tear in her eye .
tr	9	" Maybe if you keep trying , you 'll find something that works .
tr	6	Not even in our own in-house university publication , " Professor Bamford commented .
tr	9	So much so that the newspapers are full of the proceedings .
tr	7	" Anything , " Taylor said eagerly , " just name it . "
tr	7	It would never lift , and even the gods could not lift it .
tr	7	She handed it to Neil and poured one for herself .
tr	7	She stepped closer to Mana and stared at her .
tr	6	' It 's just my sister , ' Henrietta said through a hearty and faked sigh .
tr	9	She returned to the frontcourt of the cottage and dismounted .
tr	9	Suddenly Adele felt very alone and fearful at the thought that they might lose their guide .
tr	9	He kept his witchcraft secret , so that his tribal status would remain high .
tr	10	But you don 't have time to wait a season and breed horses , do you ? "
tr	9	One morning , as the dawn squinted through the barn 's slats , I sat milking .
tr	11	Jonesy checked over the shuttle controls , as he had done every few hours while the kid slept .
tr	5	" Probably a prairie dog , " I convinced myself .
tr	6	he said to Nurse Edwards .
tr	9	They must have lived a disgustingly peaceful life , though , or they 'd have scenes of wars and fights .
tr	10	He was on the verge of losing control .
tr	7	I 'm too old for war .
tr	5	After a while he says , " There .
tr	9	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	6	The dark comes quickly in the tropics .
tr	10	Gabe 's voice is soft and shy , and he 's gone back to noticing the stars .
tr	6	" His way of life finally caught up with him .
tr	8	The colors are running all around the room .
tr	9	Anyone crosses the bridge you take them out .
tr	7	I will capture this target and General Tani will be pleased .
tr	10	She guessed Danny would be in his room .
tr	8	Finan lowered himself into his chair , sinking his head into his hands .
tr	9	Daniel was infuriated as he dusted his side off .
tr	10	What was he going to do with her ?
tr	11	Yea , like that 's going to happen .
tr	10	He jumped a stream that ran down from the mountain .
tr	8	Partially blocking the gateway was a German truck with a German sitting behind the wheel .
tr	8	Kneeling on the steps and craning his neck back at a 45 degree angle , Ted peered through the tiny lens .
tr	10	She wanted to bridge the gap between man and beast in a desperate manner .
tr	10	He 's never spoken about it other than tell us he 's single . "
tr	7	He nodded , returned to the cab and pulled out a blue holdall .
tr	11	I handed him a thick flannel shirt Derrick was saving for a chilly night .
tr	6	Schultz looks at him , confused , and asks , " What ? "
tr	7	He rejoined her , his hardhat on and buckled , and climbed onto his pony .
tr	10	As soon as they turned to leave , Malcolm jabbed his paintbrush at me .
tr	9	Time passes slowly on watch at night but he was comfortable with it now .
tr	8	I wanted to know more .
tr	11	" I could break my car so you can fix it again , " Lilly Ann suggested only half jokingly .
tr	5	No other doors , no other rooms , or secret passages .
tr	6	4 The stink of unwashed bodies , stale urine , and infection breaks through the cloud of antiseptic .
tr	9	No , he was as the night itself , silent and moving , yet unseen and unheard .
tr	7	Something is happening to them .
tr	7	" You have no name , " the girl repeated , tasting the words .
tr	7	" Are you hiding now ?
tr	6	" As soon as possible , " she said .
tr	10	Moments later came another thunderous clap as the door to the closet was kicked open .
tr	8	The Cossacks fought extremely bravely but they were seriously outnumbered by the Turks and it wasn 't easy for them .
tr	9	Tim was across the other side of the room , still asleep and snoring slightly .
tr	6	I ask , suspicion mounting .
tr	11	It didn 't seem like you wanted to wait .
tr	9	The laughing ceased as he swiveled his gaze towards us .
tr	8	Twilight grew steadily upon the land and they could not travel with Clancy in this condition .
tr	9	I 'm sure it 's London . "
tr	8	It wouldn 't withstand anything like an inspection , but it wasn 't meant to .
tr	8	~ Though he 'd heard rumors and scuttlebutt , the story wasn 't in the newspaper until Saturday morning .
tr	7	" As I recall you were barely crawling ! "
tr	6	" I ... I am married , I 'm so , so very sorry my fair one .
tr	10	Or we may all just be reassigned to new armor units as replacements ourselves .
tr	8	He hurled the script at his best friend 's head .
tr	9	" It was in a package that we mailed freight to La Paz .
tr	9	" What do you want old man , " I asked .
tr	7	Take no statement at face value and you will soon learn the truth . "
tr	11	Nature has done an admirable job of filling the planet with life .
tr	5	" Oh , what a ghastly apparition , " she cried .
tr	10	Still no indication he knew Mac was there .
tr	9	And with that the sisters put their glasses on over their eyes .
tr	10	She hurled her full ponderous weight against the rock until it vibrated from base to crest .
tr	7	He pressed on through it and led Harald into the huge throne room .
tr	9	He turned to look at me .
tr	9	" Be careful crossing the street , " his grandmother hollered from the garden .
tr	8	I went out same as happy how I awake .
tr	9	Every time Missy trotted her horse their horses followed suit and they bumped up and down without control .
tr	11	They are about to come to our rescue and take us to the hospital .
tr	9	" VIN here was also discharged without the opportunity to stay on .
tr	9	" They are all undergoing rehabilitation after particularly cruel deaths on Earth .
tr	9	" Such a delightful stay I 'm having , " he said .
tr	7	Most of the students left most of their luggage in their house 's basements .
tr	8	He exclaims , hopping from his throne to his feet .
tr	9	They shouted in anger as I jostled them out of the way .
tr	8	Sometimes he thought he lived a dream .
tr	8	The Prince turned and saw the big man openly smirking at him .
tr	9	He had refused anything to eat and the stink of fear was around him .
tr	8	He wondered , hands frozen on the table .
tr	11	" You 're a lot heavier than you used to be . "
tr	10	I know you have to leave .
tr	8	" You cannot just come here , ask for an army , and leave ! "
tr	9	' Bananarama won 't be back until they hit the stage . '
tr	6	Easy target , a thought whispers in my mind .
tr	9	" Is , is he doing to die ? "
tr	7	" There was talking , then the dog barked and the voices stopped and then the dog too .
tr	5	' Thanks Amy , ' the bed covers murmured .
tr	7	When I didn 't reply , she turned and stared at me .
tr	7	The circles were not flush with the rock any longer .
tr	9	It was an Arab pointing a rifle towards the two men with the case !
tr	10	007 was examining a rubbery mask of Toby 's face , complete with blond hair and smooth seven-year-old skin .
tr	5	" No , man , I wouldn 't , " I said .
tr	8	he asked as he handed Gavin the shovel .
tr	10	" Can you be suggesting , Bron , that you think me incapable of following these tracks without your help ? "
tr	8	One cub scratched at the bottom of a large leafy oak tree before climbing straight up .
tr	7	But you have untied the net -- you alone survived .
tr	8	" It 's Tuesday , " he replied drying a glass with a cloth .
tr	11	In truth , Nature isn 't a religious force at least not in the role we would wish her to be .
tr	9	" That 's ... that 's wise , Santa .
tr	10	Frank looked over at Howard who merely shrugged helplessly .
tr	11	Avenging angels : that was what they were called by some .
tr	11	" It seems I knew who that was , " the Old Wizard said .
tr	11	She smiled as she imagined hearing his passionate voice in each word .
tr	7	Some part of her admired his excellent control over his element , but the rest of her was worried .
tr	8	This time Missy grabbed a saddle and Kevin carried the bridle and pad .
tr	8	Published papers , gave lectures , that sort of thing , but his true obsession was creating angels .
tr	10	The only adornments on these streets were the uniform rows of trees planted along the pavements .
tr	7	" No it 's OK , George , I 'll drive down to Eaton Bishop .
tr	7	They have become as dangerous as any illicit drug cartel .
tr	6	And , at the same moment , his legs , his feet , his arms , his hands -- all vanished .
tr	7	He could only shake his head at his own stupidity .
tr	8	' You mean he 's a pureblood ? '
tr	9	I 'm the one who saved the day .
tr	9	Her face is close to mine , and I feel the energy emanating from her .
tr	10	He pushed up his sleeves and leaned back to feel the sun on his face .
tr	10	Just so that I 'm ready when the moment comes .
tr	8	I spoke the revelation before realizing it .
tr	9	" Victor November to base , we have an American captive injured here , request immediate medevac and backup .
tr	9	They had actually located the machine , unlocked its mystery , and uncovered an evil plot to destroy the world .
tr	7	He loved this land and all that it held .
tr	9	Each canister would be still less than half-full , due to the powerful pull .
tr	11	Tristan went to hunt some wild deer for their supper , Chase and Raven go with him .
tr	7	He returns to the car , removes his protective gear , and gets in the back seat .
tr	6	A new and dark awareness is awake inside of me .
tr	10	" Let 's work on the assumption he is , " said Jen .
tr	7	But , the image generator showed the face of Prince Pox , just , like Trig , again .
tr	6	From there they made their way back toward the camp by a different path .
tr	10	Aria cranes her head back , gasping at the intensity of their release .
tr	6	Then , just as quickly as it happened , Jimmy relaxed .
tr	6	" The human race be damned -- I am a patriot , through and through !
tr	7	" If you 're sure it 's the dog . "
tr	7	He looked every inch the doctor on vacation , in his polo shirt and jeans .
tr	7	But when I opened my eyes , the beautiful man was gone and so was the water .
tr	8	' Looks like these lifts don 't go any higher without a security pass , ' he said thoughtfully .
tr	9	I lifted my head ; the deadly fires that surrounded us were diminishing .
tr	7	He couldn 't think of a better one either .
tr	9	Have you been talking to Phillip ? "
tr	7	In the , end she will be mine without a question .
tr	8	" I forgot something to tell you .
tr	10	Size did seem to matter .
tr	8	A tiny cloud masked the sun , temporarily plunging the beach into shadow .
tr	10	" How much time did it take to manufacture the magnet , and how much did it cost ? "
tr	6	Scott 's checked the truck 's license plate .
tr	5	" What was she like ? "
tr	8	" We can make wool from their fur , you know ?
tr	6	Flight controls , brakes , instruments and electric systems all checked out in his tests .
tr	8	Mac pulled Shand 's head close and whispered in his ear , " It 's the military .
tr	9	His mouth tasted her sweetness , as she pressed against him , soft and fitting into his frame .
tr	8	her porcelain fingers glided from Elaina 's temple to her chin in a familiar caress .
tr	6	" Yes ... " For the third time , I admitted , " She can see magic .
tr	6	Yes , her hem is nearly four inches deep with it already . "
tr	7	" I talked to Fi this morning , " she said .
tr	5	" My entire Facebook friend list and your entire Facebook friend list . "
tr	5	" Yeah , no problem , " it was the only answer .
tr	8	How will we find -- " I held up a piece of paper .
tr	11	He saw that the tree trunks were large , much larger than usual for land near salt water .
tr	11	It 's strange to see it deployed here .
tr	9	He was a rung or two up the ladder when he answered .
tr	11	This was the greatest mission in service of the Empress that had ever been tried and offered the greatest rewards .
tr	8	As he climbed up into the ambulance , the private driving the wagon met him in the middle .
tr	10	" He has the evidence of it etched into his skin .
tr	11	' Mind you if you use any of them , you replace them ' .
tr	5	With these words , Tomas Godard finally died .
tr	10	" What is so wrong that your master sent for me with such urgency ? "
tr	11	Thinking this was another one of their tests , I unclipped my knife and cautiously approached the door .
tr	10	Roshan sat quietly , trying to keep his composure .
tr	11	The towers were built to withstand sieges if needed .
tr	11	God 's truth -- that 's what I fought for , what I risked my life for .
tr	8	" Yes , " Drew looked ahead , " that looks like as good a spot as any . "
tr	10	" Well , I still think you have the wrong guy here , but let 's go . "
tr	11	Raphael said , ' I guess I should freshen too . '
tr	6	" To the Gremlin we go , " Jim said , " You 're driving , buddy . "
tr	9	Roberto thought his heart almost stopped at the ridiculous plan .
tr	10	" I figure we 're some twenty miles from the lake . "
tr	11	" Do you really think that 's prudent ? "
tr	9	She brushed her teeth with water from a dented bottle of Pura Vida and spit off into the deserted valley .
tr	9	He noticed that his nervousness was gone and he was angry .
tr	10	I suppose he wasn 't bad looking .
tr	5	And then , for some odd reason , the old man laughed .
tr	5	Later that day , " okay , Jen , lets divide and conquer .
tr	8	I went straight to Mercedes ' father and told him everything .
tr	5	" A bit repulsive , maybe , but no , not offensive . "
tr	6	We gather up the maps and the GPS and head toward Darwin .
tr	9	" When did you two sneak off ? "
tr	11	He punched the third button on the wall to open the farthest door , housing the beastly old Dodge Caravan .
tr	5	" Typical , " she thought .
tr	8	I think Mum liked him .
tr	6	Every time they bury someone , a new house shows up on the block . "
tr	8	That 's all we needed .
tr	8	With both his hands , he cupped her face and kissed her , his breath warm against her skin .
tr	11	gasped Every when the sight of Scarborough changed into the form of an African woman .
tr	7	Rafe stirred in his chair ; all of the inactivity was frustrating him .
tr	9	Claudio immediately looked away , feeling a stab of shame at his countrymen .
tr	5	Even beautiful , healthy hair needs a little pick-me-up now and then . "
tr	10	What would happen to Megan and himself if they were not careful ?
tr	7	Once on the second floor , he then sprinted towards his mum 's bedroom .
tr	11	Look , you stay here and I 'll find out what 's going on . "
tr	9	I tied up a bag of rubbish and carried it to the disposal container at the rear of the property .
tr	5	God , he was such an idiot .
tr	5	His only problems were access , placement and timing .
tr	10	He heard his shot shattered her left femur and they had to amputate her leg above the knee .
tr	7	And he wasn 't real proud of his clumsy fall from the rock either .
tr	8	Toby allowed himself to be lead , rubbing both eyes with his free hand .
tr	5	' Oh , right , ' he said , wearily . '
tr	10	You have to believe it , feel it .
tr	9	Watchers didn 't have friends , though , she was fairly sure .
tr	9	" But why did the Angel not enter into the terrorist earlier ?
tr	11	Though touristy families milled around he couldn 't see the person he wanted .
tr	7	The silence stretched between them , but it wasn 't an awkward silence .
tr	8	Maybe he had already used some of it on Aimee .
tr	10	Billy hadn 't discovered the attic yet and Tommy wasn 't about to tip him off .
tr	8	I want you to help me . "
tr	10	I got up slowly from the bed , like I was sick or something and go lazily to the bathroom .
tr	11	Who knew there were endless sandy beaches on the East Coast ?
tr	10	Raphael led the way through the door that opens outwards .
tr	11	I hear him shout from off to my right .
tr	7	I 'm too damn hungry , and this isn 't a B horror flick after all .
tr	8	The sun streamed in through the window , and the clock on top of the dresser ticked loudly .
tr	11	There is something I need to investigate .
tr	7	She left a palm on Alejo 's back .
tr	11	Her eyes widened upon hearing what he had said .
tr	10	" Sir what 's the advantage to this ?
tr	10	" Looks like we 're all of us in a fix here .
tr	7	He was paralyzed with fright .
tr	7	When everyone had the proper kit , the group followed the guide across the ice .
tr	5	My parents don 't even know . "
tr	6	You have a fine mind , " Hawk responded , half in jest .
tr	8	I made gingerbread cookies and the kettle is on .
tr	8	She said nothing as she climbed down .
tr	7	And then the Evil One launched himself with great force and penetrated the heavenly firmament .
tr	6	" Don 't just stand there , Morning , " Sydney said to me .
tr	11	He mumbled about finding my mom , arriving in Paris , and then Jolie finding him .
tr	9	I hoped ill wouldn 't befall him .
tr	11	The strike was direct to his temple , making him lose balance and fall to the ground .
tr	11	This is how they wanted him to be , she thought miserably .
tr	10	That they had to avoid certain things , like direct cannon fire or anti-tank rockets .
tr	11	Time seemed to have flown by fast up there .
tr	10	After they extracted whatever secret information they thought I had embedded deep in my psyche .
tr	6	" She and I both have older sons , teenagers .
tr	8	Come on -- move your lazy butt ! "
tr	8	The sound reminded her of wind chimes or a baby laughing , it was kind of musical .
tr	5	yelled Anderson and then remembering something else , called him back .
tr	9	After a hot shower he came down to join his mother for breakfast .
tr	5	At the door , they dropped their packs .
tr	10	He was a relatively handsome man and Scott thought he walked like a city boy in cowboy duds .
tr	8	It was Finan who spoke .
tr	5	A weekend of happy families , love , nuptials and procreation .
tr	9	" May I have a drink of that please ?
tr	9	" We need to get you to a doctor . "
tr	5	" Not quite , but soon , " she replies greedily .
tr	8	" Do not we all upon occasion ? "
tr	7	With tan skin and light brown eyes , she didn 't look like the typical North American girl .
tr	9	I keep forgetting not to think .
tr	10	Frank opened his mouth to retort , but the train rounded a turn and began to slow down .
tr	8	" OK ... the first thing we do is work on the basis that the doctor is right .
tr	11	' First off ' interrupted the Head of Internal Affairs , ' Weapon and shield on the table - now ' .
tr	9	One of the doors opened , and a man , as tall and thin as the Headmistress appeared .
tr	9	It was Harald who interpreted the shout .
tr	9	Proceeding forward carefully , Rift meets friendly faces as he makes his way through the clearing .
tr	8	He reared his back , over his shoulder , as if it were a baseball bat .
tr	10	Bax seemed to weigh his response before saying .
tr	6	The ring of my cell phone shattered the fragile balance .
tr	7	He 's integrating the organism into his brain functions . "
tr	9	" It leads up to a tower upon the roof , and thence other stairs wind down to the various chambers .
tr	11	She looked at the doctor , who nodded slowly to her .
tr	8	With difficulty she heaved Tony on the chair into the centre of the tarp .
tr	9	This man proved to be Fletcher 's second .
tr	7	" Yes , I fitted it myself , but I didn 't completely close the clasp .
tr	10	Even better , maybe she 'd like to go with him .
tr	10	Add a huge , abandoned industrial complex on the edge of town ripe for redevelopment .
tr	7	" They were only doing their job , and doing it quite well I might add . "
tr	7	" How did they get out of the caves ? "
tr	8	Simon approached the footprints and bent down to take a closer look .
tr	7	He then walked over to the high jump bar and set it .
tr	10	I thought there was something about you . "
tr	10	He did not even acknowledge that sweet angel I loved so dearly .
tr	10	He shifted , " There 's not much to tell .
tr	6	He was your average oblivious scientist .
tr	10	What view Abbey was seeing today ?
tr	9	He tossed his next dagger , which hit the target dead center .
tr	9	They were breaking down the formwork supporting the wreck , Chris knew .
tr	9	Bryony continued to point at Stubby .
tr	7	He eyed the stranger , Mark , with great suspicion .
tr	8	Jacob cleared his throat , looking intensely at her .
tr	5	My toothbrush , my hairbrush , my camera , and a notebook and pen .
tr	9	Her short blonde hair framed a face with deep blue eyes and a spattering of freckles on her bony cheeks .
tr	8	Archie had left over a day earlier , but Charlie and his crew had stayed .
tr	6	Miserable , tortured screams rang through the air , presumably from my own mouth .
tr	6	The first part of the plan was , in some ways , the most dangerous .
tr	5	" Did you bring the gun ? "
tr	9	Now tell me where the Rogues have been deployed . "
tr	6	A man 's slurred shouts boomed from the next room .
tr	10	They enjoyed the most intimate , relaxed laughter Conway could remember in the group .
tr	7	It may be from the old times . "
tr	11	There was nothing coming so I pulled out and sped up alongside the van .
tr	10	I didn 't even remember disrobing , but I woke as the sun peaked through the curtains opposite my bed .
tr	8	This place hasn 't aged well , " she admits , taking in the surroundings as well .
tr	7	They glow like a cat 's eyes in the dark .
tr	6	Now shut up and give me the bottle . '
tr	10	" I want you both to lead the vanguard against our murders . "
tr	9	He stepped in front of me and put his cracked and stubby fingers on my collar .
tr	9	He watched the men slowly turn to each other .
tr	10	" Are you considering a certain ratio of exchange or a simple one for one swap ? "
tr	10	George Mudd has an extremely successful business here in Hereford although he 's out of the country quite often .
tr	11	Kevin looked around for Missy who hadn 't shown up yet .
tr	10	" I acted like I was waiting for Bay .
tr	8	The flow of blood from my flank doubled .
tr	9	" This just happens to be the late Archduke 's special friend . "
tr	10	Nathan was the only living thing he saw under the grey foreboding sky .
tr	8	When you get to the island , hand the glasses over to the Angels . "
tr	9	What are you gon na name it ? "
tr	11	Let 's clean up here , then go see what we can find in the warehouse .
tr	11	His hand touched something solid and warm , and with a start he realized that he was holding Riki 's ankle .
tr	9	He could not know what troubles he may bring .
tr	9	We want to know why .
tr	9	Energy began to rush into him .
tr	11	I didn 't know how to feel about that .
tr	9	The fellow didn 't need to know the actual story .
tr	7	She panicked and moaned uncontrollably in her sleep .
tr	5	Africa , Europe , North and South America , Russia , and the Middle East .
tr	6	Then , in case there was any question , I added , " But I 'm not . "
tr	8	Major Bill Campbell watched over the room with concern on his face .
tr	11	I can see outside the wings have a sort of bluish tinge to them .
tr	10	" Didn 't mean for that to happen .
tr	6	" Study and training , I guess , " answered Beau .
tr	7	Your majesty , I have a letter for you , from my father . "
tr	6	Franco Salazar must be dead .
tr	5	In the parking lots , on the bridge , in the gardens .
tr	9	" He has taken an army south into a petty count 's lands and will be back by week 's end .
tr	5	Want some coffee too , Helen ?
tr	11	" Yeah , if she doesn 't kill all of us first .
tr	8	Sitting a conservative distance from Katherine he rested his arms on the guitar and looked across the water and fading light .
tr	11	He returned to a small indentation he had previously noted in the mountain 's side .
tr	9	He could leave those two bullies in the dust any time he wanted .
tr	8	Then surely it doesn 't matter , ' said the Council member seated to Roman 's right .
tr	6	At night it had been different .
tr	9	She didn 't know I was there .
tr	9	I could have refused to shake .
tr	11	It was Cobble 's turn to be bewildered as a short " huh ? "
tr	8	Compared to other cities in Italy , Treviso was not a well-known tourist destination .
tr	9	If he was working against them now , then it wouldn 't be long before he figured out the whole plan .
tr	7	Months spent in the battle trenches during the First World War had seen to that .
tr	10	Barely able to constrain his curiosity , Mason fell in behind him .
tr	8	I will succeed where Darin failed .
tr	7	" So ... what shall we do tonight ? "
tr	9	She figured if there was anyone there , her action might flush them out for fear that she was leaving .
tr	8	My hands shook as I wiggled it .
tr	9	Do you have any ? "
tr	10	" I don 't understand why you are frustrating yourself .
tr	6	Mason was a small man and always wore John Lennon style spectacles .
tr	7	He smiled a nasty little smile and looked up at the night sky .
tr	8	I pulled back and just looked at him tears running down my face .
tr	9	Everything you 've said is bullshit , " growled Nathan giving Meeks a killing stare .
tr	6	Malcolm faded into the background .
tr	8	They were still pirates , enemies on the waters .
tr	8	" Don 't just stand there with your finger up your nose , boy .
tr	10	In reality , Ted didn 't know of any other way to ruin a perfectly good revolver .
tr	5	A slight movement , not even a breath , but a little shift .
tr	10	Quickly she was absorbed by a large group of other women , all involved in .
tr	9	He was rich enough , and famous enough , that most of these legal maneuvers took place in his absence .
tr	7	I gazed blindly at the elm trees on the screen .
tr	8	We will circle around close to the general 's circle . "
tr	10	She watched as John jumped up and tossed a stick to the dog .
tr	10	the Prince thought with incredulity as the toxin flowed into his brain and shut down all further thought .
tr	8	After peering through them , the captain smiled .
tr	11	He decided that it was likely best for everyone if Branden never found that out .
tr	6	To my knowledge , that left no one else .
tr	9	" Make sure you have earplugs in .
tr	5	" I was so afraid . "
tr	9	I too was once hired to search shadows , but unfortunately all I found were dark spots ! "
tr	6	" But Wayne mentioned ' Roth ' once , and ' Benicia ' twice , to Kells .
tr	6	The archivist 's alcove held a cluttered writing desk , a lava hearth , and a small round table .
tr	5	His father , Quintus , wrestled down a heavy , fat sheep .
tr	9	" I think Master Archie and I will best be sleeping with our guns tonight .
tr	5	In the same instant , the walkway lamps extinguished and a magnificent , shimmering light engulfed the small crowd .
tr	7	Rick frowns , pressing buttons and spinning dials , his eyes suddenly widen .
tr	9	" Not to scale , of course . "
tr	11	That 's why I wanted you to see all this .
tr	6	" What do you think Sid ? "
tr	5	Tuberculosis , leprosy , malaria , sexually transmitted diseases and parasitic infections plagued the country .
tr	11	Bethan kept glancing behind her , a frown on her flawless face .
tr	9	Atticus excused himself from the table and left me alone with yours truly again .
tr	8	" This is where you found her ? "
tr	6	" Glad he 's not walking past right now . "
tr	8	He turned to his comrades and tried to explain .
tr	8	Dangling from the man 's clinched fist , the mythical helm he thought would lead him to his infinite power .
tr	10	He seemed to be deep in thought .
tr	7	After the great wars in the south the men and their kind withdrew to the north and all the surrounding lands .
tr	5	" Of course you know !
tr	7	Gunnar picked up the idol , walked over to the king , and placed it into his grasp .
tr	7	Just the way he liked them .
tr	10	Have a great holiday and give me a call when you get back .
tr	8	" How strong do you think that ledge is ? "
tr	9	I had to calm down otherwise I could end up making disasters .
tr	9	" But I don 't want to hurt him .
tr	11	He said that Andrew and Mum believed I was dead .
tr	6	Suddenly a bright blue wave of energetic light blasted out from the stone wall behind Eben .
tr	8	Reid whistled softly under his breath while he studied the printouts .
tr	7	Victoria raised her eyebrows , nodded approvingly , and looked at Ahmad .
tr	9	The ties had to come off , and I couldn 't hide in his shadow forever like a coward .
tr	7	" Phew , it seems more or less okay , " exclaimed Michael .
tr	8	" Distrust is hard to shake .
tr	11	Restless Chick got too excited and started to pull feathers from Woodpecker 's head .
tr	8	At 2200 hours , precisely John , Derek and Paul moved stealthily in the darkness towards the lit area .
tr	8	I thought you were ... " " Fortunately , I was not . "
tr	5	" Sure are , " Lonnie lied .
tr	8	I saw something fall behind Atticus out of the corner of my eye .
tr	6	The object landed on the bottom with a muffled clink .
tr	8	I follow you now in hopes of revenge .
tr	6	The answer , of course , was Gunnar 's drinking .
tr	6	" I know what -- " " Just this one time , for me .
tr	10	She had expected the attic room to be dreary , but it was painted white inside .
tr	9	As you know I spent several years with Sergeant George , Downer , Brenner and , of course , Robbie McElroy .
tr	11	" Are you certain you 're the Prince of Ravens ? "
tr	11	" What do you mean we don 't actually walk on the ice ?
tr	11	Ted really wished he knew how to ride .
tr	6	" I 'm okay , John , " she heard herself saying .
tr	11	Those first days on the beach , stranded on the East Coast of Africa were terrifying .
tr	8	Gan wanted to join them .
tr	7	" I mix bits of iron with wood chips and secret earths in heavy clay pots .
tr	10	Quickly feeling frustrated and stupid , the boy thinks of every fragile object he can imagine .
tr	8	Stranger still , she cannot shake a sense of urgency this morning .
tr	6	Tek said the same thing , but he was a mental patient . "
tr	7	The stranger smiled wildly , raised a booted foot to my thigh and pulled the sword out .
tr	10	The blue light of alcohol flames wavered under military field cooking pots full of simmering stews .
tr	6	Before Robespierre , Danton , and all those other heathens filled everyone 's minds with heresy ?
tr	7	Giving her a quick hug , he turned back down the hill .
tr	11	Exhausted , he threw his clothes on the floor and climbed into bed , where sleep came almost immediately .
tr	6	These daggers in my lungs feel so real .
tr	7	I want all of it ! "
tr	9	Her mother had treated her blisters from the first aid kit but they 'd only just started to heal .
tr	7	He held her shoulders , his grip unbreakable , but not painful .
tr	7	My team of six mathematicians and economists has worked out the plan perfectly .
tr	7	God willing , Faithful Soldier , you will report for uniform inspection at 0500 hours .
tr	10	Guys were afraid to come near me . "
tr	7	How many men are in this desolate valley ?
tr	9	Someone who belonged to him .
tr	8	Why did she seem angry at that ?
tr	10	I tried to pull out from his clutch , but no chance , his arm was like my leg .
tr	9	The projection screen came on and Jess stepped to the back of her seat .
tr	8	Gabe opens his eyes , stares out across the lawn .
tr	10	Zoe shifted , trying to see outside .
tr	11	She said , " I sure can and I 'm won 't be afraid to . "
tr	7	The only minister I knew was Mercedes ' father .
tr	8	She saw her wince ... ... . "
tr	9	Ted held his wrist up in front of his face and massaged the grayish skin with his other hand .
tr	6	An army of darkness : Woven Ones , Wraiths , the Shadow Queen , the Weaver ?
tr	9	When the boys had sat down in the car , the Angel waved goodbye and disappeared out of sight .
tr	10	The cycle is constant varied only by the season .
tr	7	* * * General Ed Gale sat that night in his headquarters and watched the large display .
tr	7	Instead she yanks Lance about , and slaps her tail across his face .
tr	8	From the very shores of the island there grew the most wonderful trees with huge diverse shaped leaves .
tr	8	But there 's isn 't time for that .
tr	7	" We need it ready at least in one month , " Mrs. Jones said and left Anubis House .
tr	9	Afraid of becoming preoccupied , he forced himself to think of something else .
tr	9	I know I can read minds .
tr	10	They were met by a man as they got out of the Jaguar .
tr	9	Sofia stepped back but it was already the edge and almost slipped her feet .
tr	8	He thought he heard his neck vertebrae fracture .
tr	6	Lilly Ann secretly wiped away a tear from her eyes .
tr	7	Both his lips were split and his guts felt like jelly .
tr	5	' Oh , yes , my lord , ' said the clerk .
tr	7	In contrast to the footman , this fellow knew the business of the blade .
tr	7	" You can 't treat me this way !
tr	6	His dark eyes searched hers , but he was expressionless .
tr	6	With my mind extreme awake , I jolted down the bathroom , brushed my teeth , and fixed my hair .
tr	11	The emissaries wouldn 't provide the name of the man because they were afraid of him .
tr	6	His shots all hit the stranger 's bare chest .
tr	9	Toby had connected into the network , and found 007 when William started the surveillance session .
tr	8	" Me being a genius , of course . "
tr	7	Would you rather I took a job at one of the timber mills as a lumber stacker or something ? "
tr	7	Just thinking about a security issue , a voice resonating inside their head would explain the identified section .
tr	8	What you do with it is up to you . "
tr	8	" Well , you know what I mean , " Miriam said .
tr	7	I can 't stop shivering .
tr	6	Her skin was no longer flaky white and red , but was instead smooth and tight .
tr	11	" What happens if you don 't win , Mr. Richmond . ?
tr	8	Too little , too late ; the being slaughtered them like a deranged carnivore .
tr	9	She was wishing that her visions was not true .
tr	9	She tried to cover a small , secret smile but Mike had grown up with her .
tr	6	This round was not about a hostage .
tr	8	One day his mother said : " That 's it , I 've had enough ! "
tr	7	His hand was outstretched , only inches away from the other .
tr	7	I should have blinked back tears .
tr	7	The door opened and Tom escorted the captain into the room .
tr	9	It was only because she and Finn had argued , she told herself .
tr	6	The fresh , new green grass rolled for half a mile past the farm house .
tr	9	Mr. George moved his boat to a place called Ciudad del Carman on the Caribbean .
tr	8	When you succeed for the first time , it 's a very smooth learning curve afterwards .
tr	8	I way praying some of my contacts had come through the Collapse .
tr	9	But , I remember that whoever it was , they ripped my heart out . "
tr	7	" Historians always describe Octavian as ' very feminine ' , " Rick told her .
tr	10	Gabe is sitting up on the bed , his eyes twinkling in an extremely unsettling way .
tr	7	' Well , Richard 's only recently informed me of your secret weapon . '
tr	5	" Oh , no , it is a real place .
tr	7	And us with no workin ' cellphone cameras .
tr	9	Of course , the hero was not allowed to enjoy the celebration unmolested .
tr	8	Through it all he nodded , he smiled , and kept silent .
tr	6	Among their menu were hamburgers , ice-cream , yoghurt , coke , cream doughnuts , cakes , and the like .
tr	8	Adele looked a little worried , but she did not question him further on the matter .
tr	9	What mad travesty of life did you live , in the stark blackness of that eternal night ?
tr	9	Withdraw to a spot where you can eyes on the vehicle .
tr	10	William moved the Eye to focus on Alfred 's face .
tr	6	But strangely , a strong draft of wind drove them further , northeast , and softened their landing .
tr	7	Even if we can never see each other again .
tr	11	Jack had been coming to this facility for so long the guards knew him by face alone .
tr	7	Her face was a small oval , her left eye badly bruised .
tr	9	His eyes were pools of murky oil , but within their depths , an unquenchable , roaring flame was emerging .
tr	9	Their children are ... " Claire paused , searching her brain for name cards .
tr	7	Grinning , Cael pulled Jake 's arm over his shoulder and practically dragged him out of the elevator .
tr	11	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
tr	8	They kept pace with the massive steam train for mile after mile .
tr	7	' I 'll go first , ' he said and moved towards the stairs .
tr	7	One of the dogs barked excitedly , and a man shouted a command .
tr	10	They were silent images in the air , not projected from any device .
tr	11	She wondered now whether Carl and Josh were in secret collusion to maximise her humiliation .
tr	8	Socrates willingly gave his life because he was a patriot .
tr	6	Any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is unintentional and purely coincidental .
tr	8	" Whoa , I 'm seeing color in this dream .
tr	11	Lille used to enjoy hearing me play .
tr	5	" Of course , Ryan , " he replied .
tr	8	It could be thrown a long way with the rackets .
tr	9	" Why are you trying to stay awake ? "
tr	6	The contrast of storm and sun took Claire 's breath away .
tr	11	The bile of that betrayal threatened to rise up Gabriel 's throat , along with crazy sorrow over losing his friend .
tr	9	Jimmy didn 't know what clairvoyance was , but he relaxed a little .
tr	11	That will tell us how much more room we have to maneuver . "
tr	10	Anyone who 'd done an army hitch or a security detail could do it .
tr	11	We plan to make you work for it . "
tr	10	After leaving Dad and me two years ago , did I want to help ?
tr	5	A black broomstick skirt and white turtleneck , with a matching tapestry vest .
tr	5	' Have you asked Lilly yet ? '
tr	7	Alejo narrowed his eyes at Gabriel , feeling possessed .
tr	9	" Mom , can we ride the horses today ? "
tr	11	I don 't feel like I could have done that .
tr	8	Unfortunately , Whisper was still very angry at the world and he took it out on his victims .
tr	9	A woman stood up abruptly from a chair in the corner where she had been waiting .
tr	8	Herb gave the order and in three rounds the boat and people ceased to exist .
tr	6	Ted shut off the engine and slammed the garage door back down .
tr	6	" Okay selfish people , but next doggie is mine , " he said and pushed his way ahead of us .
tr	11	Everyone seems to be enjoying their dinner as much as I am .
tr	10	The next thing I know I 'm being bundled into the back of a military vehicle .
tr	8	That statement wasn 't entirely true , but it could work to his advantage .
tr	10	He was due at the funeral in two hours , and he was not at all ready .
tr	6	I said , I love you , I hung up the phone , and I never heard her voice again . "
tr	9	I don 't care what day it is , two cold beers .
tr	9	He danced better than me and led me on a tour around the dance floor .
tr	5	Ironically , given the rain , water was still a problem .
tr	9	Everything was happening according to plan ... that favors her .
tr	8	" Get rid of your phone , Kurt .
tr	9	Logan was often able to hide his emotions .
tr	8	His head was tilted forward onto his chest and he snored softly .
tr	9	Bethany saw the frantic yet dead look in her eyes , a look she had seen many times before .
tr	7	You got one musket with two shots , and there 's three Indians out there , maybe more ! "
tr	7	His hair was longish and he didn 't look pleasant .
tr	8	" My Mom and Dad and my younger brother Arthur and a few other survivors , " Ted answered .
tr	8	Katherine looked at Calvin and considered him , her truth irrespective of bar work or anyone else .
tr	7	Arm in arm , we wandered inside .
tr	9	" A mare could have made it no plainer , " he answered disdainfully .
tr	7	I 'm not mad at you .
tr	9	They were only seconds away from optimal positioning and she forced herself to take a calming breath .
tr	8	The men slapped him around half-heartedly and made jokes about his mother 's sexual tastes .
tr	9	He would like the chance to investigate further .
tr	10	We want to take care of this man .
tr	8	" I suppose I did , " she said .
tr	10	Malcolm and Jolie passed by like ghosts from the past , their shadowy images looming over my hiding place .
tr	8	Are you freakin ' crazy ? "
tr	6	" At least those bastards get the shaft too , " Rebecca offered .
tr	9	She did used to be a secretary . "
tr	7	Furnace came in with the starter , and Theodosia turned to Simon .
tr	11	The others just stared , urging Mark to divulge just a little more .
tr	10	He sighed deeply , leaning through the coarse bark of the tree on behind him .
tr	11	I 'm thinking a micro fuel cell is what we need . "
tr	8	" Do you really think so ? "
tr	5	" Is that so ? "
tr	8	Tim knew the game was up .
tr	8	He then turned to me and asked with a smile , " So , ready for some dinner ? "
tr	10	I didn 't care what happened to Andrew .
tr	6	His voice grew quiet but it still held an edge .
tr	9	" You wanted to talk about 007 ? "
tr	7	You haven 't come to my part , yet . "
tr	11	Uncle Jeff asked rhetorically as he turned and walked to the base of the spruce tree .
tr	7	I stood to my feet , ready for round two .
tr	8	That was until he met your mother .
tr	8	" Because every time I 'm careful , I get yelled at .
tr	8	The words , as much as the Aussie twang , confirmed to Claire what her eyes could not credit .
tr	6	Fortunately for Anya the two women wore the same size and Lady Hartwell generously shared her wardrobe .
tr	5	" Well , it just happened , " he replied , nonchalantly .
tr	9	He didn 't know quite how he knew it .
tr	8	I could not kill this monster , God 's creation , before me .
tr	10	" Maybe not , but remember what you said about your own childhood ?
tr	6	Next to him , in another luxurious red leather chair , sat the fiend with the cane .
tr	8	Sorry to ring so early .
tr	8	His grandson slept in the room at the end of the hall , unknowing .
tr	6	By the gods , you 'll pay -- your husband , then your son . "
tr	7	He stopped and leaned closer to the cliff wall .
tr	9	Be careful what you wish for .
tr	11	" I was afraid you 'd say that , " he smiles , resuming his trek back into the temple .
tr	9	" Well , I saw a flash of movement I think , but nothing I could identify . "
tr	10	" You don 't have to believe me Maya .
tr	9	We could tell our skills were improving .
tr	7	By the second day they had me declared dead . "
tr	7	The two thrusters were vibrating the interior and still the craft hasn 't moved .
tr	9	Now it was his turn to again be anxious .
tr	7	He took the gum from his mouth and stared at the glob .
tr	7	" Well , girls , let 's go watch these movies , " Rick suggested to the gathered crowd .
tr	5	" To stop World War III ? "
tr	6	He slid his gaze back to the sheriff .
tr	8	At least they were away from the decaying death in the streets .
tr	8	He lets go of my wrists and I sit up .
tr	11	They waited across the street and watched to see how long the lineups were .
tr	11	There should be millions of tons of earth ; that would make a mountain five hundred feet high .
tr	6	How much money do they want this time ? "
tr	11	Can I be born again in order to break into this other dimension ?
tr	7	" Places where humans live .
tr	6	How do parents know everything ?
tr	10	I knew too much Damian for him to have friends , and to go out with them .
tr	8	He said , pointing me the direction .
tr	9	He watched her come without fear or recognition .
tr	8	" Blood and more blood and more blood !
tr	10	" This is where you get out , folks , " the pilot 's voice crackled in her ear .
tr	8	I tipped my head back and the liquid scorched my throat and burned in my chest .
tr	7	Reaching down , he picked up his gun and stepped out into the light .
tr	11	And that covenant will end only if one of us perished , " the woman defended herself .
tr	9	I thought they 'd be bigger . "
tr	11	She turned around and saw what was chasing her : a pack of wild wolves .
tr	7	Much of it made sense and it felt good .
tr	6	It eventually became a common chant for almost every denomination , from Catholicism to Baptist , from Mormons to Methodists .
tr	8	" But Joseph is , and that 's good enough for me anyway .
tr	11	" I thought I was going to die ! "
tr	8	He removed his arm from the mouth of the wolf .
tr	6	The quarter moon made it even darker .
tr	8	I walked the streets , a pile of nerves .
tr	9	The cavalrymen closed behind him , swords drawn , but the commander ordered them off .
tr	6	" Yep , that 's an arm all right , " the police officer on his left answered .
tr	9	He shook his head without looking at me .
tr	7	In the corner the double bed with its tatty but straightened orange quilt awaited its owner .
tr	9	God knows he 'd earned it .
tr	5	And then one night , in an on-line chat room , she met Jean Claude Parent .
tr	10	He questions struggling to get up .
tr	5	Willful and obstinate , slim and dark , soft and desirable .
tr	11	It dawned on Harry that this was not about him abandoning her .
tr	8	She paused to swallow , and when she spoke again she was pale .
tr	11	Locations that had been offered throughout America in the ' 50s were also off the table .
tr	8	He had known nearly all of them for years .
tr	8	" That 's for Atlas and Cronus , you scumbag , " he said .
tr	6	" I 'll tell you .
tr	8	Calvin never shouted at him , but given that he just had , Danny found strength .
tr	11	I would have assumed them to be leopards but they looked different from any cat I had ever seen .
tr	9	Bluebeard was beginning to get annoyed .
tr	10	I had no doubt that serving under Jim and Herb would round off any remaining rough edges .
tr	11	" This isn 't the sort of life I was intended for , I 'm afraid .
tr	5	" Oh crap , " said Nathan , comprehending .
tr	10	Often there was someone here he knew ... ... . .
tr	11	' I think Brian might have been at the BBC tonight . '
tr	8	His words dripped like honey and tasted like bile ; I loathed the bastard .
tr	9	Anything to keep from typing .
tr	9	He had to wonder why .
tr	10	He paused to draw Chris 's gaze , then asked , " Where 'd you get this anyway ? "
tr	11	, " which was the password to join the mutiny .
tr	8	" Hey , where 's Stinky ? "
tr	8	The others remained silent during all of this .
tr	7	He was bored to tears .
tr	6	" Let 's throw the ball , " Tuck said to me .
tr	9	Rivers would erupt from bare rock , cutting an army in two .
tr	5	" Yeah , sometimes the time change still messes me up . "
tr	9	After greeting each other , Haskins opened his bags to remove equipment and got to work .
tr	6	The larger they are , the harder that is . "
tr	6	You just don 't know me . "
tr	8	' Where do you propose I keep it ?
tr	5	But once in a while , he welcomed a reprieve .
tr	8	" This , " she laid her hand over his heart , " is still beating . "
tr	10	Do what you want to do .
tr	11	- You don 't want to talk with me ?
tr	5	" Nice brass plate , though , Fred , " said Vimes .
tr	8	I figured you should know .
tr	11	" War ... Peter was going to take them to war , Johnny . "
tr	6	" Katie , this is Perry , Cort , Baxter , Ric , Pepper , Zoey , Allan and Theo .
tr	8	It would certainly make their watch a little easier .
tr	11	He said that he would no longer stand in our way and gave his blessing .
tr	11	She had found El Campo by accident when her engines had started spluttering .
tr	9	Captain Tate , his wrists broken , painfully presses buttons on the communications console he was thrown into .
tr	9	" Germans , " shouted Fredericks , and started to jump back in .
tr	9	Do you need some ? "
tr	9	Billy had set him up , but he knew he had a choice .
tr	6	A blush crept across my skin .
tr	8	" From all over the mountains , many different communities .
tr	9	The brutal fact that she had extinguished him came upon her in moments without warning .
tr	10	John believed that the army would enter at Clapham South .
tr	6	The car veered off the main road and rocketed down a steep incline .
tr	11	Perhaps she underestimated the desire to be remembered forever , your legacy untouchable in the night sky .
tr	8	We announced the news and our intentions to the group at large the next morning .
tr	9	The thing she avoided had just happened when she less expect it .
tr	7	He remembered every detail of it .
tr	11	Don 't want to sleep in them or you 'll get the rot . "
tr	9	He knew he had made the right decision .
tr	10	asked Hammer , pretending to be sympathetic .
tr	9	" Are we sure it 's a man ? "
tr	9	Surely he can tell it didn 't take .
tr	7	" Because I wish only that you might be happy . "
tr	10	" It 's OK , Dad , we love when you 're silly ! "
tr	9	Well my name is Abigail Woods , but you can call me Abby , I hate my name . "
tr	8	Ranger T hollow points , got ta ' love ' em .
tr	9	Both men suddenly realized that the desert surrounding the airfield looked just like those Curiosity pictures from Mars .
tr	5	The hand of God in their lives .
tr	6	" Not good , not good , Colonel , " Bonham responded gravely .
tr	9	Logan returned to the woods , guarding us as we slept .
tr	11	Yes , even this summer he went to find stillness amid the fields and forests of Switzerland .
tr	11	' Danny will have a heart attack when he sees you , ' Calvin said .
tr	10	" That 's what you told her , I mean , in the beginning ? "
tr	8	I swear I did no more ! "
tr	7	" Falcon , " Pierre returned the greeting as Roberto had .
tr	5	Over my shoulder , Cade said , " You 're not serious . "
tr	11	How many astronauts would be needed for that kind of work ? "
tr	5	' You forget , ' I said quietly .
tr	8	Amanda exclaimed , touching him on the knee .
tr	8	Then she was falling , falling in silent , blind terror .
tr	8	What do you mean brought us here ? "
tr	9	I 'll consider your guidance as I make my decision .
tr	10	All I want to do is crawl on the bus and sleep .
tr	11	I will bid him farewell for all of us . "
tr	8	" I was simply concerned , that 's all . "
tr	10	I must maintain hope , however pathetic it might prove .
tr	9	" As if I have fallen from a tree on my head . "
tr	8	The sweat poured off her naked body and stained the mat where she knelt .
tr	11	Nathan didn 't have to ask what she meant .
tr	8	How do you always know what I want ? "
tr	10	Ricky stumbled after him and was just nice enough to latch the gate behind himself .
tr	11	Then some food , followed by falling asleep on my way to my bunk .
tr	9	It made things a lot easier for me , giving me somewhere to go .
tr	6	He nods to the computer screen .
tr	11	And they 're ... good . "
tr	9	His face was a thin mask over a deep pit of pain .
tr	11	I smiled to show I was kidding .
tr	7	This is especially true for potatoes .
tr	9	" Who is going to do the space work up there ? "
tr	9	Glancing up , and despite his inhibitions , Ward could glimpse the rage present in the man 's glowing eyes .
tr	10	We 'll need to wet it with cold water first .
tr	10	But you 've not been interested enough to read the real signs . '
tr	7	He was grinning at the bodyguard .
tr	8	Who is Prince of Doran , now ?
tr	9	Nor did she understand everything Lanta had said .
tr	5	" Trust God , Sister Strait , " said the kindly old pastor .
tr	8	I think his time is near .
tr	11	We 'll have to make plans for tomorrow night instead . "
tr	6	" After the bombing , the king began even more radical shifts in policy .
tr	5	Brave or not , there was no other outcome .
tr	7	Flames from the far opposite walls looked like matches .
tr	9	His nose was broken in at least three places and his left eye was swollen shut .
tr	8	He mistook my signal and looked at me wide eyed with fear .
tr	9	I warned Herb , no one gets trigger-happy on my ship , and this isn 't a hunting expedition .
tr	9	" By not asking questions and doing what I 'm told , " Mana answered .
tr	5	" On Mom 's grave . "
tr	7	At least she was consistent about that .
tr	11	You need to learn to use those swords . "
tr	9	I am going to KILL her .
tr	7	I put my gray duffle bag on the bed nearest to the window and unzip it , curious of its contents .
tr	5	One moment condescending and critical , the next cheerful and praising .
tr	11	" How come you don 't put your hair up in curlers , too ? "
tr	11	Here and there small groups huddled together as the delegates discussed various aspects of the week 's workshops .
tr	10	Bethany is going to kill me , he thought .
tr	6	" Dear God in heaven , " the older woman murmured .
tr	7	' Hey , I 'm running out of ammo ! '
tr	7	Satisfied , Toni and Tessie worked their way out of the hospital and to the car .
tr	11	He had to assume she would survive .
tr	9	An urge to unfold the mystery behind the rock structure flowed on him .
tr	9	" So , son , have you been thrown out of any more institutions lately ? "
tr	7	The band took the stage and played two more songs but still left the audience wanting .
tr	10	His eyes slowly focused on what the Exile held in her hand .
tr	8	Elaina recoiled from the harshness of his tone .
tr	8	She laid her hand back on the Elaina 's forehead and frowned .
tr	6	You must follow my directions .
tr	8	Three minutes later the parachute hatch closed as Agent 2C reached terminal velocity .
tr	6	In a final , mighty clash , the plant spirits were subdued once more .
tr	9	" Hello , " he called out when he reached the nurse 's station .
tr	10	I brought a couple of items along with us on the training mission .
tr	11	" Why would they allow her to win a couple of battles ? "
tr	8	But there was something else in his eyes too , something suspicious .
tr	8	I am so sorry about the mess inside .
tr	6	He had died all alone .
tr	9	Simon noticed that the base of the foundation was fast approaching .
tr	7	I am of course grateful but ... " She broke off , tears tightening her throat .
tr	10	Chapter 28 " So how long have you been out of the service , Rick ? "
tr	11	They had hidden the truth from themselves and with these few words spoken aloud the blindness was lifted from their eyes .
tr	11	" But Neil and he will have left , and I 'll have no one to talk to ! "
tr	9	I made my way down to the lower deck and guess what little o ' me found .
tr	6	On a warm spring day about a month after their arrival , all the elements seemed in place for a showdown .
tr	6	Slapping both palms down destroys the wooden joist and launches Rift downward .
tr	8	The wind had got up and was now blowing half a gale and a few flakes of snow came with it .
tr	6	It wasn 't her , she told herself over and over again , it was Sean .
tr	8	The segmentation of the economic system brought a long laundry list of quite unpleasant situations and circumstances in its tow .
tr	6	Without it , we are just a bunch of ... refugees ! "
tr	8	" What , " the Prince of Oxen said , " this is all about Mother taking away your name ?
tr	11	You don 't spend a lot of time in mage circles do you ? "
tr	7	He put in the 250 yen , a light lit up and he pushed it .
tr	11	" So , how much is it exactly to clean the lake ? "
tr	10	For now , there were only a smattering of beach chairs and umbrellas spaced wide enough apart to give everyone privacy .
tr	6	" And not all of us have your appetite for ' pleasant distractions . " '
tr	10	It was looking like home was a lot further away than that .
tr	5	" Yes , by all means . "
tr	8	But they were mostly women , dressed in humble , durable garb .
tr	5	Over the next several minutes , the waiting game slowed down his heart rate .
tr	9	If he was surprised at her arsenal , Landon said nothing as he buckled his sword belt around his waist .
tr	7	I turned the knob , crossed the threshold and found myself inside a building .
tr	10	It was harder to do this with ordinary people .
tr	10	We had paddled over to the Juniper Club to work in the garden .
tr	11	He 'll be so heartbroken to see you go . "
tr	5	" Yeah , it 's a total white out , out there . "
tr	8	He wrapped an arm around Roberto 's neck and walked with him to the table .
tr	9	" Uh , where there 's one angel , there are bound to be others . "
tr	7	Inwardly she was seething , her mind a maelstrom of conflicting thoughts .
tr	8	They continued generally north , not stopping again until late afternoon .
tr	7	" If not more , to lose . "
tr	7	But now I 've got ta fly like a bat outta hell .
tr	5	" Will you two stop , " I said , finally .
tr	8	I got some pictures though , pretty sneaky for an old guy . "
tr	6	Dad backed away with his hands in the air .
tr	10	By the end , he was yelling , and the patrol ran to get out of our way .
tr	5	Or someone ... ' Eight pounds fifty , guv . '
tr	5	His hand hovered over the small arsenal inside .
tr	10	Quickly determining what they 've stumbled into , Rift lets out a long sigh to prepare for the road ahead .
tr	10	Then Sophia whispered : " Let 's have an innocent little chat about his Excellency the general . "
tr	8	He patted the pockets of his jacket and sighed .
tr	7	For his part , he 'd been studying me intently .
tr	9	The men moved aside to let them back onto the island .
tr	7	The small groups of musicians played music and whisked me back to the 1800s .
tr	6	Her hips , wide and round and intoxicating , curves like deepest fantasy in his hands , under his needy fingers .
tr	11	' Meyer 's going to issue a warrant for my arrest . '
tr	11	" He would 've been honor bound to kill the offending Wolf . "
tr	10	Kurt put his head back and closed his eyes , hoping the cabbie wasn 't the talkative type .
tr	8	They had finished a full day 's work by noon and left the hangar extension with working lights .
tr	6	The airport : Too far , too many cops , TSA patrolling , people coming in and out .
tr	11	I love you GW , I believe our paths were meant to cross .
tr	9	Taylor asked , " What do you mean by ' with them ' ? "
tr	9	Take care of yourself and your family , OK ? "
tr	10	Hung was just behind him , followed by a half dozen Highlanders from Ghost 's company .
tr	8	Miriam shouted , stamping one bare foot on the floor .
tr	8	As she stepped onto the colorful carpet she hesitated for a moment as if changing her mind .
tr	8	He turned to face the crowd .
tr	6	" A little , " she said , " but the pain is passing .
tr	7	At the entrance an old and august looking man was waiting for them .
tr	8	" Yes , that would cause you some significant problems , " Mayhem agreed .
tr	9	His words trailed off as he glimpsed the profound darkness around them .
tr	7	The passageway was short and opened into a small cavern .
tr	8	Because I tucked my hand in his back pocket .
tr	7	" You know ... Kansai ... the airport ... Kansai airport ... just Kansai ? "
tr	6	For one thing , the timing is too obvious , and for another , well , I just know you .
tr	6	" I don 't dare move .
tr	7	" It 's in my book , son .
tr	10	He looked at Calvin and wondered if this had been a bad idea .
tr	8	" Beneath the feet of all the violent , greedy people who don 't care about him .
tr	8	This is more her area than mine , if she 's a Believer .
tr	6	" Yes , and exhaust myself for no reason , except your own obstinate nature .
tr	9	Tall and lean were they with hoods cloaking their faces , or what should be faces if they indeed had any .
tr	10	" Alright Frank , that 's as far as we can take you , " the pilot said over his shoulder .
tr	5	" Okay , well , after a time three distinct clans emerged .
tr	8	Mark shook his head from side to side slowly .
tr	10	There were a smattering of couples down there spread around , and more than a few single ladies .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	11	and looked at me as if there was something wrong with me for not noticing right away .
tr	8	We inserted ' A ' team over a month ago but there 's no talking to them for the time being .
tr	9	Taylor 's arms steadied her shoulders , his gaze fixed on her face .
tr	7	" Fine , but let me steer this conversation .
tr	7	she asked as he rummaged .
tr	11	It 's necessary to learn before you -- " He gasped , clutching his chest , barely recovering this time .
tr	8	Suddenly he tripped on a couple of large stones in the middle of the sidewalk .
tr	9	' That doesn 't sound good , ' said Reid in the taut silence that followed .
tr	6	" Abbey , I assure you -- " " He won 't talk . "
tr	10	" At least you don 't have to be her One Great Hope , " Neil said .
tr	7	To cover the problem , she asked , " Did you and Greg enjoy the restaurant last night ? "
tr	7	She stood up and pulled on his arm .
tr	8	" Have you not done enough damage , have you not mortified me enough ? "
tr	7	" Sorry ' bout that , " said Ethan , not sounding sorry in any way .
tr	9	Eventually , Tarleton stood before a door with a plaque screwed onto it .
tr	8	" Verdict on what sir ? "
tr	8	The Range Rover exited onto Victoria Street with Terry just a couple of cars behind .
tr	10	She hoped her voice had trembled enough .
tr	7	The Mouse turned his big round ears toward Hailey as he spoke .
tr	10	Sizing up the loaded shelves , the boy quickly determines it is far too heavy for him to move .
tr	11	Poole still held onto the governess , who was walking unsteadily .
tr	11	Beppe spoke into his mobile phone before giving the other party a chance to speak .
tr	10	In the end , we took the crowns and promised to put them to good use .
tr	11	Leave it to Eden to find such a wonderful surprise .
tr	9	The image of the panting wolf seemed to blend with his for an instant .
tr	7	Your troops are only interested in looting and burning .
tr	8	So , here be yer sword for the sparring , " Harrison explained holding one of the sticks out .
tr	11	As she climbs back to her feet , Link quickly follows suit , attempting to calm his horse 's nerves .
tr	7	Dad rubbed the scruff on his chin , clearly impressed .
tr	6	" Then the ship would have returned .
tr	6	" Fifty percent thrust ... 60 ... 70 ... 80 ... 90 ... 100 , " said Jonesy .
tr	9	He dashed to the rear of the glass cage and snagged a sleepy Cricket .
tr	10	" You will have a little one before the year is out , " she said .
tr	7	Snow buried the land up to the horses ' knees .
tr	8	My accusation was unfair , but in the heat of the moment it seemed perfectly reasonable .
tr	9	Do you have one ? "
tr	8	Exposing the inside surface of the door , revealed a thick plate of beveled , tempered glass .
tr	6	' She disappeared through that door with Thorne . '
tr	11	" You better stop that , " she seethed , struggling to reach for him .
tr	11	They were as little troubled with her struggling as a leopards with a kitten .
tr	11	It would only prove he was fated for the shorter life his mother envisioned .
tr	10	She turned back to the kitchen and pulled out a covered bowl of dough and began forming it into biscuits .
tr	8	Maybe he just thought the name suited her ; she was tall after all , especially compared to him .
tr	10	He 'd said she would never hurt the backyard animals .
tr	8	Or did they have her tied up in a separate cavern .
tr	10	Luisa started to regret using a Molotov .
tr	8	The shorter of the two crouched in front of Huerta .
tr	7	But then the Angel added : " Thanks to you Marko and Darya lived happily .
tr	10	There are people out there starving and freezing and dying of sickness and violence .
tr	10	I have to get to work . "
tr	10	She really did need to think .
tr	7	" You 're right of course .
tr	5	Chapter 23 " Now that is a nice ship ! "
tr	7	I smile at the girl and pet the dead creature in my arms .
tr	11	You know Damian Edward Jones , the third if I can say even the royal name .
tr	10	The gut-wrenching pain made me want to puke .
tr	9	My dear friend 's whole body convulsed as the electricity poured through him .
tr	9	She wanted to compliment him for his good sense .
tr	9	pull up a bit , Terry , she has no idea we 're here . "
tr	8	To see Cisco this happy is more than worth it .
tr	6	They also removed all markings , insignia and serial numbers .
tr	5	" Pick one , " he told the girls .
tr	9	I 'd never met a monarch before , but King Martin III was not exactly what I expected .
tr	7	After all , we 're just tryin ' to scratch out a livin ' , Mrs. Walker . "
tr	11	They were dark and deep and he immediately felt as though he had nothing to fear .
tr	10	I finally broke the silence that had befallen us .
tr	10	The idea had chilled Frank as he lay awake in the dark .
tr	8	The air isn 't getting into my lungs fast enough , and pain crashes cymbals up and down my arm .
tr	11	" Yeah , yeah , " Camden agreed as he started to follow her .
tr	7	Seeing his end he thrust his sword into the ground and stood tall and proud before the oncoming goblins .
tr	9	Taylor was glad that this conversation continued without another chase through the forest .
tr	7	Mark was the youngest of seven boys .
tr	11	How would Foal know what 's happened to her ?
tr	7	U.S. Bullion Depository Fort Knox , Kentucky April 28th , 2027 Sometimes consensus got it right .
tr	8	" We 're running out of time , " groaned Bryony , watching the rising mast from behind a workbench .
tr	9	Wizards and witches might be in some kind of war too .
tr	8	But one looming question still nagged him in the back of his mind .
tr	8	I have already taken care of that .
tr	7	He paused as he considered .
tr	5	" Ten seconds , " the voice counted down .
tr	6	Machina 's tower , the gremlins , the iron knights , the stark , blasted wasteland .
tr	8	The Prince 's first thought upon entering was that he had somehow shrunk .
tr	9	She was feminine , full of light and laughter but at the same time she could be a real tomboy .
tr	5	And , as for the horses , we get more . "
tr	10	She doesn 't need some massive gaggle of troops guarding her right now .
tr	8	As vehicles became more common it brought out their pent up aggression and it remains so today .
tr	8	We grew apart as we grew older .
tr	9	If you 'll show us to the west gate we 'll be on our way . "
tr	5	Our dad chased that coon up and down a hundred different dead end trees .
tr	9	" HS lab security camera one has him looking in a mirror , apparently combing his hair . "
tr	8	The bruised caused by his stupidity had been gone but the cut on his palm was still there .
tr	7	With a crack of thunder one thousand Sphinx and myself exited the hidden ways .
tr	11	' Do you have an explanation for this grossly negligent failure ? '
tr	11	Some thought she even picked up speed the closer she came .
tr	6	Just the usual stuff in there : pens , pencils , erasers , paperclips .
tr	7	It must lead to another lab . '
tr	8	I fear gold is not enough . "
tr	11	Manuel didn 't think this was much of a plan .
tr	7	We move to the kitchen with its glass cabinets and long counters .
tr	7	Reid and I started to run .
tr	7	Major Bunnell is recovering from shrapnel wounds .
tr	9	Why does everyone change their accents when they sing or get stressed ?
tr	8	He didn 't say anything and we went to his room , seating on the bed .
tr	8	He had won a great victory over the Evil One and death .
tr	6	Without warning , a section of the roof collapsed beneath us .
tr	8	Perhaps the Park Service had made him a liaison or something .
tr	8	And I 'm in the business for a while . "
tr	9	This was the wheel , connected to numerous other flywheels , that actually cranked open the outside lock doors .
tr	7	" Oh look at my GAP jeans , they 're ruined . "
tr	9	Ordinarily , the FBI had capture teams for situations like this .
tr	8	" At first , she wasn 't so keen on the idea either .
tr	8	Upon examination , she found that this new package also contained the tiny seeds .
tr	10	He launched into an explanation of the structure of the massive adaptive buoyancy aircraft as an assistant approached Charles .
tr	8	Fletcher nodded his acknowledgment of the captain 's apology .
tr	10	' Is it okay to hang ze new backdrop ? '
tr	7	At the end of the corridor a tall slim European stood staring at the bedroom door .
tr	10	" They are investigating reports of UFOs in the solar system .
tr	6	" Now this is the end , " a voice in the wind hissed .
tr	8	' Okay well you 've done it once ; try and keep it together for the interview yeah ? '
tr	5	" Thanks , Toby , " she said and walked out the door .
tr	6	" Turn left here , " said Alfred , pointing .
tr	8	I found myself in a huge domed room of immense size .
tr	6	You fucking coward , Joey thought , and maybe said , he couldn 't remember , it wasn 't clear .
tr	7	" How did he get through the outer fence ? "
tr	7	Jogging across the roof , Rift spots the bridge a distance below .
tr	6	From her frown , it was not a simple form at all .
tr	7	Kurt picked up the largest fragment and held it in his palm .
tr	6	" He may indeed , " Clancy said , " he may indeed . "
tr	11	His men were shooting them as they raced to their positions , but there were just too many .
tr	11	It 's amazing this ship made it across from Panama .
tr	10	" No security cameras , and out of sight of the main display , " he whispered to Tim .
tr	9	Above his office he took all the computers and connected them into a pair of old aviator goggles at his desk .
tr	10	" Because they would 've seen quite clearly what Peter 's real motive was . "
tr	5	This , however , was not such a fitting example .
tr	6	" They were very guarded , almost too much so , but ... yeah , they read sincere .
tr	9	Even across the distance Claire felt the hesitation and her chest ached in pain .
tr	7	Faint wisps of steam and the acrid smell of electrical fires wafted out of the chamber .
tr	6	" Hell no , " Jack said , " I 'm just a gay Jewish black dude .
tr	8	The dark passage stopped abruptly at the cliff and ended in the precarious ledge they stood on .
tr	7	When she pulled away she wiped at the tear marks on his robe and then straightened it one last time .
tr	10	He turned and walked out the OR doors , oblivious to all , in a state of shock and disbelief .
tr	9	" As a boy Nathaniel could swim better than any adult I 've ever met .
tr	8	" Your hand glows with the power of the void .
tr	6	I hollered , " Is that you Sam ? "
tr	10	" I always thought she had distorted features , " his mother stated .
tr	11	Even then he had wondered if perhaps there was more than friendship between them .
tr	8	" I just got off the phone with our friends , " Jack said .
tr	6	Instantly the bear lumbered toward them at a trot .
tr	7	I begged forgiveness for anything and everything .
tr	11	It was as a vulture , large and black that circled the murky skies .
tr	10	Get away from the wall and see what 's out there .
tr	8	I wonder if this is England . "
tr	9	You drove right past it on the way here . "
tr	9	Our subjects are traveling from the north of the city into the US embassy .
tr	9	We have to keep moving .
tr	9	" Have your people been made aware ? "
tr	5	" The M & H Circus , " the clerk said proudly .
tr	9	" He should be out of commission for a couple of days . "
tr	7	Putting the cup to his lips , he washed the cotton out of his mouth .
tr	9	The sandstorm passed and at the bow of the ship was a silhouette of a young man .
tr	8	The Extravaganza was this Saturday , the same exact time as Spy Games .
tr	9	He goes outside to read during the day .
tr	9	Sitting in the bar overlooking the first tee and the eighteenth green Harry said . "
tr	6	The assassination failure was disappointing , but not a great loss .
tr	8	" They are waiting below ; you have revealed yourself to them . "
tr	6	" There was obviously much confusion after the bombing .
tr	8	To think , we never practiced this much with Brian -- once a fortnight was his limit . '
tr	7	A voice called from inside , " Don 't hurt me !
tr	9	" The more you walk on the rocks , the less you 'll have to hide later . "
tr	7	Why draw attention to yourself ?
tr	9	The lights were on gleaming softly , the glow swallowed up as it raced into the gathering darkness .
tr	10	" Don 't worry about it , Virgil , old chap , " Valiant said .
tr	7	Traffic was light on this side street off the Brixton Road .
tr	9	He was sitting on a stool in his room , apparently having his hair styled .
tr	8	A few moments later it visibly lifted , only to fall once more .
tr	11	He understood and showed me what was most important to him .
tr	9	" I love you and don 't want to wait .
tr	6	It does us all good . "
tr	8	His teeth were yellow , signalling his unhealthy lifestyle and an ugly grin was on his face .
tr	7	There were a lot of kids , mostly older than me .
tr	9	I DON 'T KNOW WHAT YOU 'RE TALKING ABOUT ?
tr	9	I get the feeling they 're not usually this hospitable . "
tr	10	" I think we 're late to breakfast . "
tr	9	His face was pressed to the window , peering out into the darkness .
tr	9	I 'm thinking you are not deaf , beside stupid .
tr	11	Mariposa had been a presence which filled the air around her .
tr	7	What if he messed up ?
tr	9	I 'm so glad he 's awake .
tr	7	Then there was this look in his deep blue eyes -- somewhat curious , somewhat happy , and somewhat distant .
tr	9	Her heart thumped in her chest as she closeted the ball and left the room .
tr	11	Tom began to follow when John stopped him .
tr	8	" Okay , " Lonnie swatted at a mosquito , " I know what we can say .
tr	10	- You have to go to sleep .
tr	8	" I want you to understand , I knew nothing of the VDP .
tr	9	The expression on her face , relaxed and calm , was so altered she looked a different person altogether .
tr	6	Judd clasped the dog tags through his shirt , jingling the matching silver ball chains , his talismans .
tr	10	A sob rose up from my chest causing my throat to burn .
tr	6	Maybe he was still hearing things .
tr	9	Chased unsheathed his sword , aiming the blade down to the old woman 's throat .
tr	8	Get everyone out of here and gather by that golf cart up on the hill .
tr	9	" I really can 't expect you to say yes . "
tr	7	" Farquhar says ' hi ' to all the old Hawaii team . "
tr	9	" Basically , what happened was this , " Donovan said .
tr	10	We 'll need to train them and weed out the unfit . "
tr	8	But instead of lashing out , she smiled , and the Prince felt chills go down his back .
tr	11	Are we ready to complete our transaction ? "
tr	7	The conductor emitted a short bark of laughter .
tr	10	So then , even now , we could talk , we could find a way to bring you back .
tr	6	" It was not the nicest , before , " he said , in reasonable tones .
tr	9	' That 's us , ' Calvin said pointing to the brute 's clipboard .
tr	9	I don 't pursue where I 'm not welcome . "
tr	8	She 'd never been this close to a man before .
tr	6	The King 's daughter glances under her eyelashes at him , a little shy .
tr	10	I 've been trying to find him .
tr	8	I have nothing to -- " The door opened in the library , and Furnace bowed .
tr	9	You look like you 've seen a ghost . "
tr	11	" Are you trying to put us out of business ? "
tr	5	" His shirt , " she responded immediately .
tr	10	I was glad we 'd come in .
tr	6	" We have enough , " Mike said to her .
tr	9	And with that Gray Fox took off and ran through the cane line .
tr	8	From within his coat he produced a fan of candy canes and hurled these at Billy .
tr	8	The hands moved to her neck , touched her skin .
tr	10	Joe kept up his pursuit , but Ted always managed to stay just out of reach .
tr	8	As she made her way back from the roof , Delilah 's unease and confusion turned to anger .
tr	7	" You three are a tiresome lot , " Beck said and almost yawned , " Just sit , Jericho .
tr	11	The captain was impressed when Dolphin behaved perfectly for me and not others .
tr	8	" He raped a lot of women , " Gabe puts down the last bite of his burger .
tr	9	I grabbed the heavy revolver and shoved it down the back of my pants just in case .
tr	11	But Osiris kept them coming until I quieted down to a chuckle .
tr	7	" Now , Mana , where do we begin ? "
tr	8	" We believe your mother is very much alive . "
tr	9	It was filled with all sorts of benign and tame animals .
tr	9	He settled on a man about his size lounging beside a newspaper stand and smoking a hand-rolled cigarette .
tr	10	He put his hand out to her from where he lay on the cot .
tr	9	What can I say to Amy so that she will understand ?
tr	8	The goat was in the pasture with a kid .
tr	8	The large central atrium of the telescope facility had changed drastically over the last year and a half .
tr	5	" Did you expect a portable radio , Sparky ? "
tr	7	he said in a hoarse whisper and felt a chill cascade through his body .
tr	6	" First it killed my men , then it killed me . "
tr	5	" Check the doors and windows . "
tr	10	Ted didn 't see anything he 'd forgotten .
tr	8	Sorry to hear that , kid , " the man said kindly .
tr	8	The goons smiled down at both of them .
tr	5	At least not the one I like .
tr	6	Why did I act so impulsively last night ?
tr	10	Did I not tell you I had a surprise for you ?
tr	5	" No , no you haven 't , " he forced a laugh .
tr	10	" I can 't believe how much progress you 've made , " Chris said .
tr	7	I have met many over the years .
tr	10	He had done the same earlier hours before , the snap and the sharp pain clearly etched in his memory .
tr	10	He was starting to like this place a lot .
tr	10	It 's where souls go to rest . "
tr	6	But a full moon looked over the mountain and lit up the forest .
tr	6	She 's pretty shook up .
tr	11	She let out sigh , finally knowing that her expectations had failed her .
tr	6	Instead of a turning door it had giant ringed handles and a large keyhole .
tr	6	Seven hours later Bob Mathews began his descent into a small commercial airport in eastern Turkey .
tr	10	" I promise you I will see to that . "
tr	6	With great fondness , Your Faerie Godmother June 18 Dear Fairy Godmother , Thank you for your letter .
tr	9	John spun around and hit the racoon 's whole body with one strong swing of his arm .
tr	9	Surprise crossed the big man 's face - he was used to the Prince keeping his distance .
tr	8	Out you go , " he chased Tori out and started plying his drums .
tr	7	Staring straight at Sykes , Chris went ahead anyway .
tr	11	Guess that was his voice we just heard . "
tr	8	" Hey what 's up ? "
tr	11	" That 's a good reason not to let you go , " Rick decided easily .
tr	9	I looked glanced at Haruki .
tr	10	A waist-high cluster of boulders overlooking the valley below turned out to be the best option for privacy .
tr	5	Spike , you and Doc and Terri have a look round there .
tr	7	And my Henri was made into a boy soldier .
tr	10	His other men would have to fend for themselves .
tr	10	" So you still think it was one of them ? "
tr	8	Instead , painted red water vigorously splashed against the rocks in a symphony of terror .
tr	10	" I am not permitted to tell you that , Rick . "
tr	7	Be gone with you . "
tr	9	replied Gerry as he stood up holding his hands in the air and leaving his weapon on the ground .
tr	10	About the room 's floor , which was finely polished hardwood , dozens of students practiced .
tr	8	There were thousands of them , and they were moving very quickly .
tr	6	Adele lifted her eyes to him hesitantly .
tr	10	You said he could beat two Wolves but three was problematic .
tr	9	If his name were called he knew he could still walk away .
tr	11	He hesitated , eyes flickering again as if seeing some painful scene across the back of his eyelids .
tr	9	In one skilled move Noah grabbed it and began to eat it .
tr	7	The guards reappeared minutes later at attention , their backs ramrod straight .
tr	7	That nature with her infinite patients has and is behind the scenes pulling the strings .
tr	10	" Shall I have your bag sent upstairs with your other luggage , sir ? "
tr	11	People were walking in the middle of the road toward the burning farmhouse .
tr	7	The commander of the ' Perry ' put his ship in harms way and took the hit .
tr	11	That means she is close to consciousness , and not lost to us in the lands of dreams .
tr	8	Dark red one 's like that are really rare .
tr	7	And where are we off to this fine evening ? "
tr	9	" Are you here to stop me ? "
tr	6	Scarborough Black was a female pirate , and like any good pirate she had a treasure .
tr	9	he roared in a voice so loud it left the Prince 's ears ringing .
tr	5	The same show , day in and day out , the same lines .
tr	8	Do you know how much they 've stolen ?
tr	5	On the other side , in a hidden grotto , is my home .
tr	6	The Director of the FBI now had another rectal orifice , 2 .
tr	9	" Perhaps if you didn 't dress yourself in such disgraceful garb you could make yourself more desirable . "
tr	7	Rick smiled wickedly and reached for another .
tr	10	The suggestion was vague , yet its meaning was cemented by the fire in her eyes .
tr	11	Mai cheers now that the tables are beginning to turn .
tr	8	Reid headed swiftly across the duct with one end of the rope .
tr	8	He pulled over a small stump of a log and jumped on top .
tr	11	" Why are we out here , in the middle of nowhere , helping this guy ?
tr	6	Maybe only for a little while , but it was something .
tr	9	Crap in the bucket and cover it with something to keep the odor down . "
tr	9	asked Jennie playing with the dog 's ear .
tr	7	He was looking forward to that .
tr	10	Connor felt like the invitation was another ploy of Billy 's .
tr	11	The uncertain path eventually leads to a large mechanism standing alone atop a pedestal against the far wall .
tr	10	It may be something he could use .
tr	8	As I placed my hand on a nice blocky surface , it quickly slid off .
tr	11	He couldn 't wait for Chris to tell him all about it .
tr	7	They were in position , ten feet away from their home ship .
tr	5	The villagers ' sad tale , however , gave some clue .
tr	5	" Your army contacts still good Dave ? "
tr	6	When the birds left , the remains of my parents had disappeared as well .
tr	11	He appeared startled to see Durham standing there .
tr	8	Sunlight streamed through a pair of gauzy white curtains framing a tall window to the left .
tr	8	Only then have I seen him speak with another .
tr	8	' Have you got cash for this , you 'll get it back off Trudie tomorrow ? '
tr	7	" Hmmm ... Never thought of it that way . "
tr	7	We were treated and entertained in a manner befitting visiting royalty .
tr	11	Tony Wei , sitting calmly in an armchair , did not rise or even move as they came into the room .
tr	9	" Don 't try to escape , " he said .
tr	8	" I 'm coming in a sec , guys .
tr	9	The few men that were on duty were quiet , nodding when they passed .
tr	7	" We just had lunch before we came .
tr	5	" The book , you fool , " he fumed .
tr	7	But this year , her parents were going to China .
tr	6	" Well , not you exactly , but I 'm not really surprised .
tr	8	He studied the expressions of incredulity on the faces of the other Council members .
tr	6	On his commute home , Mandy messaged his phone and for a heartbeat his world paused , had she cancelled ?
tr	9	I dragged myself down from the driver 's seat , my calves throbbing .
tr	7	" Good , I could do with a drink after that . "
tr	8	His body began to spasm and he passed out .
tr	7	She whispered a silent prayer to the Goddess for the pear , the stream , and the animals .
tr	8	Once he began talking , Strauss was a gold mine of information .
tr	9	Its coat was matted and had dried into great clumps and its eyes were sad and lifeless .
tr	8	" The captain that led us was a cruel man .
tr	11	He wore tattered cotton pants , stained from the floor of his cell , and a simple white t-shirt .
tr	11	Water was rushing between boulders and rocks spiking white fountains high into the air .
tr	7	The ship was very modern and very handsome -- completely white and utterly majestic .
tr	9	Instead of frying us , they assured we 'd live , but they messed up the timetable .
tr	8	Mike shot up to the work station so fast he almost struck his head again .
tr	9	I am pulling my weight as much if not more than him .
tr	7	" Hey Kaya , " I began , " before you came here did you encounter some mist ? "
tr	10	Some say his father came from around River Sunday .
tr	9	He wanted to get Josie away from this Mark guy .
tr	8	Inches above him stood the group of men as they walked inside .
tr	10	They likely expect us to continue on the road and then they 'll ambush us .
tr	9	But as he rubbed at his forehead he found a huge grin highlighted on his face instead .
tr	6	I could almost forget my own name .
tr	7	" I don 't want any trouble this year , " she warned .
tr	9	I was already out of my seat , around the Cherokee 's bonnet and standing next to Alexa .
tr	10	Nobody lags behind -- if you need to stop , make it known . "
tr	9	It was indeed my turn to run the gauntlet .
tr	11	What made you decide to try ? "
tr	8	She only had six of them in her locker at the gym .
tr	10	" How has it been , looking after her ?
tr	8	The Prince immediately felt himself close back up again , tensing , shutting down .
tr	9	" I knew that he would ask , " she squealed in delight , " I told you Edie May .
tr	11	" I 've given up trying to rationalize it . "
tr	11	Rodney stared at me from within the ambulance he sat in with Joey .
tr	8	Which means , Neil , that yes , she 's going to recover . "
tr	7	" Back to the same place I went to the other day , " said Andy .
tr	11	I blocked the latter with my leg , spinning with it into a round house that he ducked .
tr	8	Ignoring this , I looked into Logan 's eyes , and the bleeding Jacob was forgotten .
tr	7	Being magical creatures , water wraiths can block the curse somewhat , but a human doesn 't stand a chance . "
tr	9	Who in their right mind went blabbering away to their prospective father-in-law ?
tr	8	" They told me you left and you couldn 't come back .
tr	9	" Your just having a nightmare , " pleaded Scarborough , " Go back to sleep . "
tr	10	He breathed , pulling her to him when she shook her head .
tr	10	She wasn 't even sure she could make it .
tr	6	Rupert scoffed and raised one eyebrow .
tr	8	You are guilty and will receive no trial , " the sergeant stated , as he activated his microphone again .
tr	9	I plotted our course as we made our way through the South Hills .
tr	6	" I don 't understand -- " the man started , flustered .
tr	6	" I have no name , " the Prince said finally .
tr	8	She emitted a soft gurgling cry and the bear lumbered down the hill toward her .
tr	11	The house was pleasant like aspect , far for being cared , especially the lawn , which was like a swamp .
tr	11	Was it his hawk that saved me ? "
tr	10	Did she have to make it look so good ?
tr	9	Mark reached up and felt at the corner of his mouth .
tr	10	Mac wondered if he could do something like that .
tr	10	He tried to pull it out of the frozen , lifeless fingers .
tr	11	The group spent a considerable time debating how they would approach this task .
tr	10	Within ten minutes the enemy threat had been cleared but it had seemed to take an hour .
tr	5	Female : petite , older , 50 's , blonde hair , pale skin .
tr	6	" No sir , I 'm not a celebrity , I 'm just a normal person . "
tr	9	He had to find something , and he had to find it fast .
tr	11	The River now rolls like a flood Its waters turn from blue to blood .
tr	7	" Is that not good enough for you ?
tr	9	Wonder what happened to Jessie .
tr	9	" Get up there and get me information as fast as you can .
tr	6	' By the way , I never congratulated you on your success in your tests .
tr	6	" Hope I didn 't wake you ! "
tr	6	From the cave it looked like a good walk to the valley floor .
tr	6	" Now there 's an idea , " Tappan said , his mood lifting .
tr	7	The lightning illuminated the hall , and one of the men upstairs shouted something .
tr	11	He knew there would never be peace between them .
tr	5	For a few moments there was a tremendous resounding noise .
tr	7	A seam immediately appeared in the wall and everyone took a cautious step back .
tr	10	" Du n no boss ... have to wait and see ... no rush . "
tr	10	" I 'm going to miss you , " Josh whispered into her hair .
tr	9	" You 're lucky I have extras .
tr	11	" Would you mind if I had my job back , Ms Jennie ? " .
tr	9	It hadn 't been destroyed by the blast but had been turned into a stationary bunker .
tr	9	Do you have boots ? "
tr	6	Vaguely , I noticed movement from the enemy firing line .
tr	8	Who does she think she was ?
tr	10	I 'm going to go look for him .
tr	10	" Do you want to talk ? "
tr	8	As the Toyota ate up the miles northward the driving got easier and eventually the highway became an expressway .
tr	6	To her left , a large , open window looked out onto sunrise over clear sea .
tr	11	They preferred ' wipe , ' and that 's what it is .
tr	9	Soon you could hear the clash of steel upon steel resounding at a high pitch through the night .
tr	7	And if I believe that , I can 't be Muslim anymore . "
tr	9	Dozens of ladders clank against the city walls as Less descends upon her with ill intent .
tr	11	" In the first place , I 'll tell you if you 'll stop interrupting .
tr	5	At my raised eyebrow , he says , " Long story . "
tr	10	It was furnished with beautiful antique furniture and equipped with modern appliances discretely hidden away .
tr	5	" Come on , Sarah , " David said reassuringly .
tr	6	The shadow of a sky rise loomed on our left .
tr	6	" Damn monsters , " another replied , " I hate this job . "
tr	9	Zombies are not the " living dead " in the most technical sense of the phrase .
tr	5	" Yes , $ 600 trillion , ladies and gentlemen .
tr	9	Encouraged by the discovery of the first house they grew even more curious of other homesteads .
tr	7	" Tastes like food , " Gabe swallows and takes a long swig of coffee .
tr	6	" Great , Ms. Weirdo , " Jess started and they left .
tr	6	" Can we step aside ?
tr	9	" Now I want you to do the same , " Joe called across the street .
tr	9	I 'll have to crawl through .
tr	6	The law of the sea requires this .
tr	8	Yes , even us black-haired beauties have our moments .
tr	8	He would have agreed to anything .
tr	9	Without answering his question , she descended to the belt of leaves and looked down through them .
tr	7	" You can have it all . "
tr	11	He tried to switch to another channel on the radio .
tr	10	" Ready to go back to work ? "
tr	9	" You girls be careful with that thing , you hear me ?
tr	10	The pan she had set on the stove was boiling so she poured the tea .
tr	10	' Is there a letter -- what 's it say ? '
tr	7	With Trevor 's GPS and Monti 's skill and extraordinary perception , it shouldn 't be that difficult .
tr	7	No contact with the colonists since the day before yesterday .
tr	9	' How did you guys get your hands on that kind of money ? '
tr	7	Something was bothering me , but I couldn 't place it .
tr	5	A straw mat , an old cushion and a battered tea tray are the only furnishings .
tr	10	She listened intently , enjoying the food set before her .
tr	7	" Oh , let 's make an appearance , dear , " Lonnie 's mother said .
tr	5	After a second , a green light flashes and the lock disengages .
tr	8	I 've just searched some photos and on 3 sides of the Island you can still see land .
tr	8	A young man with long bushy hair covering his eyes set up his easel near mine .
tr	8	I thought about summer nights in Pennsylvania after a tough afternoon of pulling weeds .
tr	9	How 'd there get to be so many ?
tr	5	And the food -- " " I hate the food ! "
tr	10	" Well , that was one way to do it . "
tr	8	If only he could recall it .
tr	10	Still does some cleaning and such for them before he does his duties here each day . "
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	7	" Doctor , the truth is I need a job .
tr	6	From the Purge grew present Church , crippled , harried , but indomitable .
tr	6	" That 's cool talk , " Hunter said and sat on the table .
tr	8	' You 're not getting through us , half-breed ! '
tr	6	Cold air whipped over the tall rampart from the sea on the left .
tr	7	Any idea who this is ? "
tr	7	The big guy was in his face and then Mac heard a message in his head .
tr	6	" I guess so , " he said .
tr	9	" You said you write of health .
tr	11	Could this tree have grown from the one piece he had chewed ?
tr	11	I said , " Not a bit , I 'd prefer to call it preemptive strategy . "
tr	9	She wanted to keep talking .
tr	6	In the more adult life , it is called a cold shower .
tr	10	They are destined to be fine assassins , but nothing more .
tr	5	" But now I have a knife . "
tr	10	" Let 's not forget that they 're working together . "
tr	8	" Damn it , " the third man swore , leaving his place by the door .
tr	5	" I really shouldn 't , " she said .
tr	10	" Do you mind if I take a look ? "
tr	11	Do you agree to this or not ? "
tr	7	" Neither of you turn around , " Braids snickered at her .
tr	10	Or maybe they just don 't care and greyish green is the cheapest option .
tr	9	He made some keystrokes and a black and white image came up on the flat screen on the desk .
tr	5	A tragic ambush in the woods of Switzerland .
tr	6	" No , it 's OK , " Dad reaches over and touches my hand briefly .
tr	9	The furniture was sparse and utilitarian ; whatever there was of it looked antique Bohemian , old but in good condition .
tr	6	Bill , Fritz and Liz lined up their bows , took careful aim and fired again and again .
tr	5	" Of course , with my sausage , I am the supplier ! "
tr	11	He just didn 't want to do what they said .
tr	8	" Was that us getting bombed ? "
tr	8	" But why don 't you let me help you , just this once ?
tr	9	About how to find you .
tr	5	" One , " I say .
tr	6	" No , sir , I can assure you ? "
tr	10	" You said I could do all that in forty minutes ? "
tr	9	" We 're not allowed to go up there . "
tr	10	No longer did eight altered views gather in her mind to form a clear picture .
tr	7	Immediately after that , the pace leaped to a driving , demanding beat .
tr	8	He continued gasping for air .
tr	8	I 'll be right down , " Aries said , rising from his seat .
tr	8	' Yes , I suspect it does , ' she finally murmured .
tr	8	He tried to talk but his words jumbled together and he spoke nonsense .
tr	6	A solitary gun went off , and more than a hundred men flinched .
tr	11	Now , let 's see how presentable you are - yes , you look quite nice and tidy .
tr	8	Please , true spirits , don 't let me be too late !
tr	9	He didn 't want a mass of technical Officers ; just one deputy .
tr	7	Chuck 's mouth opened , his vocal cords tensed , his mind darkened but the words never came .
tr	8	" No , I wish we could but the weather has closed in behind us as well .
tr	6	One ... Two ... Three ... Four ... Five ... Six ... Seven ... Eight ... Nine ... Ten .
tr	7	Ahead , the carriage had pulled to a stop .
tr	10	The scientists knew of only three remaining decoding books to have survived .
tr	5	" All right , let 's go , " Tavi murmured .
tr	10	I retort trying to sound convincing .
tr	10	But how did he know where to find me ?
tr	9	You are celebrity but ... you must to be very careful . "
tr	7	" Are you hungry , Simon ?
tr	9	As soon as Jennings gets out of the van we give the go ahead to Yorkshire and Ireland .
tr	7	I rolled him over on his back and gave his face a good hard stare .
tr	5	In the end the Spell Wizard destroyed himself . "
tr	10	' What am I going to do about Amy though ? '
tr	8	Fletcher again consulted the man seated beside him .
tr	9	" OK , but promise not to tell anybody , " Tori said .
tr	11	I wanted to remember her the way she was .
tr	10	That was a bit of a do .
tr	5	" So , the head cheerleader and , I assume , the basketball captain ? "
tr	10	" There are many wonders to be discovered here . "
tr	6	" I wish you , d stay , of all nights , I wish you , d stay . "
tr	6	" Really , James , " his wife , Queen Tiffany remarked from her chair to his left .
tr	9	I 'm sorry to hear that .
tr	6	Her mama , grandmother , and great grandmother sit on the hover chairs , inside the elevator .
tr	9	" I think I have broken a new promotion record . "
tr	9	You 'd best pray we never run into those . "
tr	5	In addition , we have another element , namely time .
tr	5	" Not the suit , my boy , " Wilton straightened his jacket .
tr	10	The one you told me to take the earring from !
tr	9	" Put him to bed for the night , will you , sport ?
tr	11	Dane thought of how she felt in his arms and how protective he felt towards her .
tr	8	While quite wide for a mountain road , the path would have been slow and treacherous for a carriage .
tr	7	I took it softly , brushing her soft smooth skin .
tr	8	The whole corridor shook violently as another explosion rocked the underground lab .
tr	8	She nodded toward the bed at the left side of the room .
tr	9	She gasped and tried to run , but her feet wouldn 't move .
tr	10	Daniel reflected how he had also spent the past winter and the early spring season in growing anticipation .
tr	8	When the roof of their quarters leaked , some of them , including Woodpecker , slept in pools of water .
tr	8	' I 've updated my father about recent events , ' said Victor , giving me a small nod .
tr	10	The door was in the corner of the store closest to the direction of Ted 's house .
tr	11	" Like who tried to kill you , " Jimmy pointed out .
tr	6	The low rectangular outlines of furniture slowly appeared around us .
tr	10	I 've just returned from a patrol and need to speak to your commander . "
tr	9	He nearly fell through when Amy opened it .
tr	10	I would greatly appreciate any feedback , questions or comments you might have .
tr	9	Mum got the Bible out and read : " Can sweet and bitter water spring from one source ?
tr	7	" We 'll keep on , Jake , " she informed him in a shrill voice .
tr	9	Serves me right bringing gloves to a gunfight .
tr	7	For what reason , I don 't know , but we 're here , so let 's get this done . "
tr	9	They all sat quietly for innumerable seconds as the sound moved closer to them .
tr	9	" When dad was posted to the South Pacific , I saw tribes where a headman ran the whole show .
tr	7	Rafe climbed out of bed and stretched , yawning loudly .
tr	8	His voice seemed ineffectual against the solid oak , and the heavy door solidly absorbed his kicks and blows .
tr	9	" Guess our senses of humor aren 't compatible .
tr	8	" No , sod it , let 's stick to the plan for today .
tr	7	Ignoring me , Logan drew out some bread and cheese from a small rucksack .
tr	9	Don 't worry about this for now .
tr	9	The next morning Simon awoke still feeling a sense of peace .
tr	10	As the new guy , Artie got to be the end of the chain .
tr	7	Claire sipped at her coffee and felt the warmth and caffeine spread through her body .
tr	6	But he also knew the cop 's rounds by heart .
tr	11	Her mother was up and scrambling across to the children before her father could reach the door .
tr	9	" You 're planning to deceive someone . "
tr	10	Landon visibly relaxed to be out of his attention .
tr	6	Then with a high pitch " Meow " the small claws let go and it was off .
tr	10	Even so , we 've been at it for a few days now and I 'm seeing significant progress . "
tr	9	' We don 't like to use that term . '
tr	10	I decided to help lead the two closer together and took off behind Alita brushing past her .
tr	11	Apparently they had been worried about messing with the mojo .
tr	7	Reid had served with the 3rd Battalion 6th Marines at Camp Lejeune , in North Carolina .
tr	11	He had been surprised and flattered when he had discussed it with Colonel McCutcheon .
tr	6	She introduced herself to him in whisper .
tr	7	For a brief moment , I was reminded of our childhood together .
tr	10	" Missy , this weekend we 're driving up north to visit someone , " her mom said .
tr	7	" I don 't have one Percy , " Tori said , pushed him away and ran .
tr	6	He switches from his palm to his fingertips and chills attack my body all over .
tr	10	Paris thought he had heard wrong .
tr	11	He seemed to be having the time of his life .
tr	7	The forest immediately enveloped him , not only with sights and sounds , but also with strange smells .
tr	11	The only way to help our own is to help fulfill the quest of the Searcher . "
tr	9	Hearing her story explained further did a lot for me .
tr	6	David collapsed into a sitting position onto the bed .
tr	9	They finished lunch and went through the rest of their classes .
tr	11	Scarlett was surprised to find it housed a tiny compass .
tr	11	How did you know I was -- " she broke off as her gaze sank to Elaina 's limp form .
tr	10	It will be time for you to go soon .
tr	7	Two were watching TV , one was asleep and the other two were playing cards .
tr	10	She looked at one of her bride 's maids and nodded her head .
tr	10	Standing in a stunned stupor from the torrent of information , Link fails to hear the voices calling his name .
tr	5	To the phone , he said , " Yeah .
tr	10	Who would want to kill him ?
tr	7	At this time , if she tried it consciously , it might not work .
tr	7	Nathan again decided not to lie .
tr	7	" I don 't like all this ... talk recently .
tr	8	" Maybe I 'll take you up on that , one day .
tr	11	Was this really how it was to end for him ?
tr	5	And , in a way , the gods owed him a favour .
tr	10	She thought she knew why .
tr	9	Turning to Calvin she said , ' Can I borrow you a moment ? '
tr	5	" I most certainly do not , " she replied .
tr	9	Who knew what lurked beneath ?
tr	6	As it did , the officer stepped aside , and watched the Prince expectantly .
tr	5	Just a word to the wise , friend , ' said Nobby . '
tr	7	Not quite so fast as a hull and sails though , I would bet . "
tr	9	Malcolm spoke in low tones , his voice barely reaching me .
tr	9	" They probably already know you are in France .
tr	6	She snapped out of it .
tr	6	" I 'm on your side now , remember ? "
tr	7	" What is the meaning of this ? "
tr	9	The day quickly turned into night as thunderous black clouds formed in the sky .
tr	8	I deserve a monumental ' I told you so . " '
tr	7	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ CHAPTER SEVEN What Happened Then ?
tr	10	Many feared she could , even the Most High , but the Children knew otherwise .
tr	7	" Are you coming , too , Mom ? "
tr	7	" Go to the notes section , you 'll see the drafts there . "
tr	11	One could easily stretch from side to side and not come close to touching both ends .
tr	9	Whether from the cold or crying I neither knew nor cared .
tr	8	" OK , let 's get started , " Stacy said coming from the bathroom .
tr	6	To his surprise , she laid her tiny hand in his .
tr	10	He 'd already drawn his blade , and light danced on the honed saber as Logan approached our host .
tr	10	" Does that mean Sarah 's one of us ? "
tr	11	Did you see it work ? "
tr	10	However , that didn 't explain everything that had occurred .
tr	11	he bellowed as he came to meet me .
tr	5	' See , for one thing love , thankfully I died straight away .
tr	7	I canna help but overhear them talkin ' . "
tr	9	The SUV hurtled into one of the haystacks , skidded wildly and smashed head first into an electric pole .
tr	8	The men who finally cut them down wept as they did .
tr	8	Ben couldn 't hold himself back and ran straight up to him .
tr	8	The two Irishmen sat at a brass topped table with a view of the main bar .
tr	6	Scott pulled the nametag paper out , turned it over and found a price tag .
tr	10	His booted men began shuffling across the deck toward the ladder .
tr	5	" Stop crying , Nora , " Stephanie begged her .
tr	10	She has two large solar dragonfly panels atop her , large ones which automatically supply her basic power needs .
tr	9	Checking it was more of a reflex born from years of training .
tr	8	I want the sheep to not get eaten . "
tr	6	" I did not choose it .
tr	6	Ghost , Kittie , Jaffe , and Mandalay , the only other female , were facing me .
tr	10	" When are you going to talk to me ? "
tr	5	Or , as a variant , ' God 's omnipresence ' .
tr	8	Rift asks with a hint of anxiety .
tr	8	I bent down and scooped up a handful of sand .
tr	6	Hell , I already make lamps and sofas and beds .
tr	10	" Just surprised Barney went along , is all .
tr	10	" Come along there will a lot of interesting things going on .
tr	10	She clenched her teeth to stop from screaming .
tr	10	Interesting to look at probably , but all useless to Ted .
tr	8	His cell contained a stool and a wooden framed bed with a very thin mattress on it .
tr	11	" It is if you want to spar today .
tr	7	What could they be up to ?
tr	10	John decided to go up top and speak to Terry on the radio .
tr	10	He found her almost immediately ; just distant enough that he couldn 't feel her presence .
tr	6	Notch it , yes just like that , draw , aim , and shoot . "
tr	11	I avoided her stare the best I could .
tr	8	For a time there was silence in the room and Lord Rafe leaned back in his chair , closing his eyes .
tr	10	I thought they just meant the opposite of the other ? "
tr	11	You think what you do is good ? "
tr	10	' He 's made a genetically modified cell that can never die . '
tr	8	" We cannot let them catch us .
tr	11	" Do you think it 's permanent ? "
tr	10	The feud that was an obsession to his clansmen seemed meaningless to him .
tr	11	They were beginning to make him look bad .
tr	8	The light meant she was home .
tr	5	" Hey , let 's sing . "
tr	11	Alexandra poked them to make them wake up .
tr	8	" As a matter of fact I do , " said Green .
tr	8	" Yes , I know it 's your job .
tr	10	They were lined up like a rank in a military formation , quietly waiting for inspection .
tr	11	I don 't think he appreciated working with amateurs .
tr	10	He and Jimmy were now sitting on the lowered tailgate of the truck , waiting for Josie .
tr	7	' The boss is asking for you . '
tr	8	How many men were killed because of him ?
tr	5	His dark eyes glinted , and he grinned .
tr	10	That warrior was able to twist sideways and snap the cactus needle at the root .
tr	7	Personal weapons plus frag grenades and claymore mines .
tr	11	Jimmy glanced down , and realized he was wearing a black suit , white shirt and tie .
tr	11	I thought it depended on how good her English was .
tr	7	Who knows who will need it next . "
tr	7	There were many surgeons and support staff in their green coats , surrounding Sara and Dan .
tr	9	In fact , now that he thought of it , this entire Path seemed like the Fox 's doing .
tr	7	Her drawings come to life on the page , so she creates herself a perfect family .
tr	11	Sarah dragged her eyes from the smoldering building to look at him .
tr	9	Curls of shame seemed to wind their way around her stomach , making her feel ill .
tr	5	" Anyway , " the man went on .
tr	10	" I didn 't know we needed enforcers , " I reply .
tr	11	I should 've guessed I 'd not last long .
tr	9	The man apologized as we neared his farm , and I hopped off with many cries of thanks .
tr	10	" You want to go in there and get some lunch ? "
tr	10	That fit with what Zinger had told Mac .
tr	8	He was hesitant to respond .
tr	11	Do you want something to drink ? "
tr	9	Looking around the crowded room she felt the warmth spreading through her hands and down into her body .
tr	11	Among that which they 'd taken was as much canvas as they could lay their hands on , and sewing equipment .
tr	5	" Cluck , or Tuck , or whatever his name is , and Linc . "
tr	7	He works Monday to Thursday in the music shop and he 's free most evenings and weekends . '
tr	9	She exclaims , releasing the boy from her faintly glowing grasp and dissipating for the moment .
tr	10	Sparks continued to fly from shod hooves , and my thighs quivered with the quaking breaths of the animal beneath me .
tr	5	Only it wasn 't the basement .
tr	8	" It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes .
tr	6	" First thing in the morning , " she said .
tr	8	Mana looked at her over her spectacles for a moment .
tr	5	The masked dancer at the prom , in a black tuxedo and shirt .
tr	10	I 'm so lucky to have you as a friend . '
tr	8	Team 2 , what 's your status ? "
tr	5	" I hate it ! "
tr	7	They only stopped for a swim in the river and to drink fluids .
tr	8	The Coroner looked at the earnest , worried faces of the elderly men before him .
tr	5	For a vampire , however , such a love came only once .
tr	5	" Ah , hello there , is Ms. Anderson home ? "
tr	10	How was this old man not exhausted like him , he couldn 't understand it .
tr	8	There was no time to waste .
tr	9	The pen is shaking on the paper , dropping loose letters up and down the lines .
tr	10	He had turned around when Chris entered the room .
tr	9	The light from our torch beams washed over rusting roof bolts and girders supporting a low , irregular ceiling .
tr	5	Despite the bitter cold , sweat trickled down his forehead .
tr	6	And God , what a racket she raised with those tattered wing cases !
tr	11	- Are you sure you have nothing else to say ?
tr	5	Military strategy , logistics support , alliances , neutral nations , and technology , amongst many others .
tr	8	asked George over the phone , " I might be of some help there . "
tr	7	She said and together came back to the club .
tr	11	" Speaking of recruiting , it 's time we got one of our citizens back . "
tr	6	American Journalism News and journalism have with a few exceptions served the America public well .
tr	9	The room echoed to the screams of the hurt and dying .
tr	6	I possess a private bedchamber , there are two dormitories , and then this area .
tr	9	" I 've no desire to harm you .
tr	11	He will drink water , but is starting to have trouble swallowing .
tr	9	" Funny , " I replied , " I wasn 't going to have any problem . "
tr	8	Officer Lucas was there , though that was no surprise .
tr	8	John cut a piece of ham and ate it .
tr	10	He leapt up the stairs to the fifth level and burst through the door of his sister 's house without knocking .
tr	8	replied Deepa unable to hide her disgust .
tr	9	It felt as if someone else were saying the words .
tr	11	He was thinking about how little he knew about her .
tr	7	" Who is looking for him ? "
tr	7	I shook my head and kept walking .
tr	9	Rather than celebrate they headed for the tube .
tr	8	The others looked across a rolling field through a narrow band of trees .
tr	8	" This is so cool , " Tori said when she successfully created an account .
tr	6	" Thanks for the professional analysis . "
tr	8	Josie asked from the bed of the truck .
tr	10	" You seem not so sore as you were just minutes ago .
tr	11	The sound is raw , spiraling up into a squeal that cracks and dies in my throat .
tr	6	In a husky whisper she says , " This is our wedding night , my sweet Turkish husband . "
tr	11	Did they think its only purpose was what they were told ?
tr	7	In fact , there weren 't many signs of anything at all , and hadn 't been in a few weeks .
tr	10	Without a word VIN produced what the man wanted out of the car 's glove box .
tr	9	On entering the room , I could instantly feel Zeal 's discontent radiating from every pore of her body .
tr	10	What was apparent , for the first time , was his brother 's ability to make things happen .
tr	11	I didn 't know what father planned to accomplish .
tr	8	He was half-naked , revealing his bare shoulders up to his slender waist .
tr	7	For the first time in several turns his mind was blank .
tr	11	Then he got a call saying that Minister Drake had arrived , and he left .
tr	6	With a cloudy night and freezing temperatures , the full moon only shone every now and then .
tr	5	" Oh , I 'm not a sugar momma .
tr	10	How do we know we can trust them ? '
tr	7	William hugged her tightly , then held her back , searching her face .
tr	6	It was vague , without direction .
tr	9	" It was a man dressed in buzzard feathers , " she said .
tr	6	" She did wait , but your carriage was somewhat delayed . "
tr	7	After a while , she asked , " What 's it like ? "
tr	8	There was nothing else could he do . "
tr	10	If you attempt to hurt her anymore , then I can and will tie you back to the horse .
tr	8	The final hundred yards had taken longer than a full turn to traverse .
tr	11	It dove down and gracefully placed itself on a rock in front of the mother seal .
tr	11	this was something that had interested him greatly .
tr	9	Roughly , this is how it translates into practice .
tr	11	We 've plenty of rooms to spare , and an old bachelor has little company this time of year .
tr	8	He hadn 't actually seen him in almost a year but he hadn 't changed much ... .
tr	8	His clothes and gear were blown off the body nearly to the waist .
tr	6	' Inner and outer steel plates , ' I said in a low mutter .
tr	8	Tears were threatening to fall .
tr	9	But the thought of what was coming removed any amusement .
tr	7	Fields stretched away behind ; a blanket of unrelenting brown , as yet unadorned by spring crops .
tr	7	" Should have known better .
tr	6	The feelings of rage and despair came , were expressed , and passed .
tr	7	" Well , that was a real nice show , nice welcome , Jake , " said one of the guests .
tr	7	His blood started to boil and he balled his hands into fists .
tr	10	He knew that her gaze was upon him , as gentle and unconcerned as it always was .
tr	5	' You tell me right now , Senior Postman Groat ! '
tr	5	' That he gave his only begotten Son ' .
tr	8	But apart from having locked the electronic gates there seemed to be no extra security precautions .
tr	8	The rest retreated swiftly under the cover of the trees .
tr	7	The Thin Man went over to Andy and gave him a nudge .
tr	9	Hidden among them , he made her dismount and sit before he took up a watching position .
tr	8	The windows were open to bright sunlight and there was a light breeze blowing the curtains gently .
tr	9	She clapped her hands and stood on tiptoe to get a better look .
tr	8	" Did the Russians live up there to build it ? "
tr	9	It seems to come out in the evening . "
tr	11	" Do you think these are humans ? "
tr	5	" Not in the kitchen , Jones already has two can openers .
tr	7	By the end of night the crowd had transformed themselves from ravenous dogs to tamed kittens .
tr	9	He stepped up onto the deck at the back of the house and sat down on the bench .
tr	7	Dear God , had Seamus found the gun ?
tr	8	Six times , every day , they would activate and scan for new orders .
tr	7	sometimes with a Bergen on my back .
tr	7	He had integrity and honour that the others lacked .
tr	7	Mia breathed in and out slowly and deeply three times and only then , she stepped forward .
tr	6	At ten thirty though , I pushed my thoughts aside and I grabbed my phone .
tr	7	Despite the ride of the generous farmer , the trip had still taken all day , and I was exhausted .
tr	8	When I first asked you out , I didn 't know any of this .
tr	7	You see , they 're not connected to the power supply . "
tr	5	Like an enormous serpent , shifting , moving , awakening . '
tr	11	Do you want to eat ? "
tr	11	The question is , why do you think other people consider me special ? "
tr	9	" You kiss Alex 's picture of him every time you enter her room ! "
tr	7	Pulling his directory up on his laptop he dialed a number in Belfast .
tr	6	Smiling , she says , " Just a training drill , folks . "
tr	6	" So , " Audrey said , " they replaced first the priest and then the cleaning lady . "
tr	11	He noted that the doors were supplied with bolts , and asked where they led .
tr	7	" And I quite agree with you , Mrs. Williams . "
tr	10	The wood crackled and hissed as golden flakes of fire danced up the chimney .
tr	9	How he must hate me for that !
tr	10	No one is completely neutral in their personal or professional opinions , fair-minded maybe but never neutral .
tr	10	Stephens said , trying to lighten the mood .
tr	10	Amongst the din of drums and guitars Amy perched on a stool .
tr	10	And then he saw the blackened fingers rising from the silky grass in the ditch .
tr	11	The five of them found themselves positioned toward the back of the force .
tr	9	" Yeah , I used to live there but now I live here . "
tr	11	Rift asks , though he suspects he already knows her response .
tr	11	I need to know we are safe .
tr	7	Lake Sammamish to my right , dark and placid .
tr	9	All three scientists nodded that they would get started .
tr	10	He also sent riders with reports to President Philips in Murray and General Anderson at Fulton .
tr	8	I 'm ready to go ! "
tr	8	How old do you think she is ? "
tr	9	That is , we become different on our journey . "
tr	6	' Hello , Uncle , ' I said in a pleasant enough voice .
tr	5	Two rings later , Bill answered , " Please tell me something good . "
tr	10	Teel had started crying as she spoke .
tr	7	They had cleaned the apartment , and the room felt foreign without the normal clutter .
tr	11	The dark haired man nodded and said , " I didn 't expect no more than a pig 's squeal .
tr	9	Byron nodded to the men and turned to face the king .
tr	9	Reid moved in front of me and shot him in the head .
tr	9	Do you want any ? "
tr	7	Chapter 35 The rhythms of a working farm continue no matter what .
tr	11	" Why do you think She would allow you in Her presence ? "
tr	5	" No , I 'm just mad .
tr	6	" Is that necessary ? "
tr	10	She looked around her to try and determine where the closest fire was .
tr	11	We sat in the spacious living room enjoying the cool of the air conditioning discussing our good fortune .
tr	11	' There 's enough there to buy you and your family security for life . '
tr	7	If this works , his social development will advance rapidly , and he ' ll need you more than ever . "
tr	7	" What did he say to you ? "
tr	6	she sang and reached for the empty food basket .
tr	5	Here , now , in the dark stairwell , Colin Lyons wanted her .
tr	6	" Well , that 's a good point , " answered Nathan .
tr	10	Because I wanted to kiss him .
tr	6	' Will do , ' Reid muttered with a lopsided grin .
tr	10	For a second I thought that other crowd had caught up to us . "
tr	11	It was one he planned on winning .
tr	8	" In a manner of speaking .
tr	10	I was foolish not to send the sage to her .
tr	8	It seemed like forever before someone answered and it was neither Nathan nor Harold .
tr	8	Logan shot him , a wail of pain filling the cool night air .
tr	8	" What if she wants to fight ? "
tr	6	That revelation hit Flaherty in the gut like a hammer .
tr	8	" We got ta find another way up .
tr	10	The hissing whisper was loud enough that Eminem probably heard it across the Atlantic .
tr	8	Gone were the miracles of modern medicine , we had few drugs and no sanitary hospitals much less modern diagnostic equipment .
tr	7	" It 's not him , " he said and put it back in the box .
tr	8	And you still wondering if your husband is alive or dead .
tr	8	By the time he recovered , Andre had swept his leg and was shoving him to the ground .
tr	6	Now everything depended on her .
tr	10	The south was the problem , simply a line on the map where the Kentucky and Tennessee borders met .
tr	10	Offering a report on everything he 'd seen , Rupert barely touched his food .
tr	7	" Then , four years in a row we had very bad drought and no harvests .
tr	10	Llama could tell by the size of the gaping wounds and the twitching of his body , that Biscuit was dead .
tr	10	Nathan couldn 't hear what was said , but it was brief .
tr	8	Toby fantasized about spending time with William every day , working on his HS projects .
tr	8	Costas moved to Victor 's side and slowly lowered the bleeding immortal to the floor .
tr	8	Fear not to traverse the forest .
tr	11	The truth is , it 's easier to remove Imps than most people realize .
tr	6	" An even bigger one for the brand new square .
tr	10	You have to keep pressing on .
tr	6	His head fall forward and he let out a long , slow sigh .
tr	9	" I need to get back to the castle .
tr	6	Here is your chance , so go ahead and detail me the status of your systems .
tr	7	Kevin went to the first door and pushed it open .
tr	6	And then someone nearby said : " That is Paul . "
tr	8	And I want to know yesterday . "
tr	11	You two are going to start worrying me . "
tr	8	Was the wolf pack his doing ?
tr	9	And this way , he 'll lead us right to the Seeker 's lair .
tr	8	The soles of her sneakers made a slight crackling sound each time she lifted a foot .
tr	8	He laid still , his cloak shielding him from sight .
tr	9	The Bastian Hunter looked at the device before staring at me steadily .
tr	10	Falconer said , " We 've got plastic explosive in the warehouse , and primers .
tr	6	More somberly , he added , " Forgive me , Eno , but I didn 't altogether trust your friend . "
tr	6	" Oh , darling Theo , I just couldn 't be more comfortable ! "
tr	10	Most of us didn 't own the land we lived on .
tr	8	A quick dark stain spread across the back of Darin 's tunic .
tr	7	We walked out onto the rooftop , Anna following in our footsteps .
tr	8	Regular casters made his eyes itch and his throat burn .
tr	8	She flushed with embarrassment and poked him repeatedly until he awakened .
tr	5	" This is not a good idea ! "
tr	5	She twisted , she turned , she kicked , she punched , she shouted and she screamed .
tr	5	" Remember , doctor , you have one week ! "
tr	8	~ Though it peaked in the late afternoon , the storm abated sometime around midnight and headed out to sea .
tr	6	We have our own justice system , our own Monarchy , our own schools and our own belief system .
tr	8	I know you blocked me .
tr	11	I once saw him scrape white bird droppings off a fence post with his fingernail and sniff it .
tr	5	" Mr. Richmond , Tom Ward here , Langley , Virginia .
tr	11	All Soul could hear was a throbbing in her head .
tr	8	We 've got one rule -- nothing 's as important as our lives .
tr	8	Even as he banged on the service door by the kitchen he still didn 't know .
tr	9	" Now let 's get back to sleep .
tr	7	I nodded , glancing out the window absentmindedly .
tr	8	" Then why did you give me four of them ? "
tr	6	" One of my great aunts took up with a retired Yankee general after the Confederate War .
tr	8	A sudden pulse blasts away from all four vessels as their shields activate .
tr	7	In the pine forest was a gathering of tents .
tr	7	Jimbo shined his flashlight on him , a tall man with thin face and a burr haircut .
tr	9	The zombie girl was closing in on Melody fast and from the rear .
tr	7	The rest of the afternoon was fun for everyone .
tr	9	" It definitely isn 't from any of us , " the first voice commented .
tr	11	Do you want to win ? "
tr	9	I never wanted to make you suffer .
tr	10	Michael and Ben looked at each other in surprise -- how did this Turk know Bulgarian ?
tr	6	Reid , Lacroix and Costas reached my side a second later .
tr	6	Twirling the twin blades around , she sliced her way through the souls with ease .
tr	9	She felt safe in his strong arms and she smiled , wrapping her arms around herself .
tr	11	The bear chased the hunter that was closest to him .
tr	6	" Fi and I were together , and , then , we weren 't . "
tr	8	Rafe had never been easy in their company , it had rendered him silent .
tr	10	With your permission I would like to take Reggie from you for awhile .
tr	8	The chaos within the walls was in sharp contrast with the serenity outside .
tr	6	The obese , perspiring judge , the restless jury , the stout bailiff gloomily shuffled feet and folded and unfolded arms .
tr	9	He dreaded that they were not telling him something .
tr	9	Thrown together in a cramped dorm room during their first year of college , they had become lifelong friends .
tr	7	" My Lady , why won 't you look at me ? "
tr	10	Are you ready to join ? "
tr	7	Took all the right pills , stuck himself in the ass with syringes every day .
tr	5	I kneel and pet the dog .
tr	8	" I was a Major in the U.S. Army , " said Nathan .
tr	10	As Simon opened his mouth to speak , he heard the door opened a few centimetres .
tr	5	2 ) Pierre & / or Jacques , the hairy European geologists .
tr	11	Seven doubted she really cared but had a little surprise of his own to launch .
tr	5	" Illinois , twenty-two votes ... New York , thirty-three , and California , forty-four .
tr	10	she said and picked up her chair to move away .
tr	7	The woman stepped quickly across the floor , bent , gripped the fallen woman 's shoulder and turned her over .
tr	8	I won 't be going to Vale . "
tr	5	In any case , he is very powerful now . "
tr	9	She would have to try harder .
tr	11	Andy had a look around the cockpit where he was sitting .
tr	7	Sofia closed her eyes and sleep but the young soul on the corner never took his eyes away from her .
tr	6	Strange he thought ; that grain looks so familiar .
tr	5	" Of course , captain , " Warrior replies evenly .
tr	9	He couldn 't wait to be rescued .
tr	11	That 's what those assholes will be coming for soon .
tr	10	Do what 's best for you .
tr	10	Alejo stared at this girl with the nose ring in his tent and saw a life he had just utterly devastated .
tr	10	he asked , half expecting to be corrected .
tr	7	Our daughter Sidney , does not know of our plans .
tr	10	Nathan seems to have stopped breathing .
tr	11	Do you think Ani heard us ? '
tr	11	No matter how many curses she yelled inside the cavern of her mind her feet refused to move .
tr	6	" I can feel it .
tr	10	Mac didn 't feel the need to hesitate anymore .
tr	11	" He will have ample opportunity to eat on the train . "
tr	7	He picked one up , cracked it in half , and then did the same to the next .
tr	8	Smiling at Amy , Danny bowed and asked Raphael , ' So , was that your cup of tea ? '
tr	9	" You should be ashamed of yourself , wench , picking on such a small child ! "
tr	6	But it was always that same padded woman , always that same dim smile , always the same I 'm sorry .
tr	10	I 'm not ready to learn about God . "
tr	11	' You sound like I did working at the printers . '
tr	11	It would feel good to lie down and rest .
tr	9	Using his hands and feet to arrest his descent , he stopped just short of the fireplace .
tr	9	This was the first time after their ordeal that she was back on the open sea .
tr	7	Something happened to her -- a while ago .
tr	9	Then he gave the computers time to download their upgrades from the other shuttle .
tr	6	Somehow , this latest news hardly came as a surprise .
tr	10	Edwin felt like he was being told off .
tr	11	Let them summon all who dwell nigh !
tr	11	" I thought you said you forgot Oklahoma . "
tr	11	It was against their belief for men and women to mix company in times of childbirth .
tr	6	Lilly Ann and Taylor didn 't mind the least .
tr	9	I have the camera in here filming you .
tr	8	" David , Joshua , and I will make a line with me in the middle .
tr	5	Monday - September 24 , 1984 Happy , happy , joy , joy .
tr	7	He took a long sip from his canteen and quickened his pace .
tr	6	In seconds , the wounds had filled in .
tr	7	The enemy had encircled him but now they made a path and a man in unusual armour walked through .
tr	6	head wound ... " " Found me ? "
tr	8	Amy twisted in the lad 's grip and saw a stocky dark haired man around thirty facing them .
tr	8	One afternoon a new pilot had a problem with his Hunters landing gear and its right undercarriage collapsed .
tr	5	" By the way , I 'm Mary . "
tr	5	Moments later , we reached a dead end .
tr	11	Do you know where she is ? "
tr	8	Now people had targeted their house because of it .
tr	8	" I am aware of that , I am aware .
tr	7	' I know , ' said the social worker , ' this is a bad time .
tr	7	" He said something similar to me , " Victoria said .
tr	7	" This training will focus on squad and platoon level tactics in our local terrain .
tr	7	He stuffed it back into his ear and then called out .
tr	9	In my heart sang the song of passage , I looked and saw through space our destination .
tr	9	The sound of glasses clinking and the low hum of conversation was all she could hear .
tr	9	Or what was left of him .
tr	6	I recognize your device , but ... " The Warden 's dark eyes penetrated deep .
tr	7	I checked my glove every now and then and after five minutes I stood and headed for the elevator .
tr	10	" Mary , if this is about weapons of mass destruction , you can save it for the next president . "
tr	9	" He 's not through regretting it , I warrant .
tr	8	In tandem Sylvia and Jude 's dad burst into the tunnel , catching up with the Snake .
tr	11	The intruder was making no effort to be stealthy and had just tripped over a small stool .
tr	10	The camera showed Mrs. Thompson checking in Gema 's briefcase and then summoning Robert the guard .
tr	9	Do you hate me ? "
tr	8	Discourage folks from taking souvenirs . "
tr	5	In a few powerful strokes , she reached the shore .
tr	10	I dedicate my service to protecting the people of Beltane . "
tr	9	" Eventually they 'll realize they failed , and they 'll come after him again .
tr	6	The magnificent wooden staircase spiralled to the upper levels .
tr	7	Is that creepy , or what ? "
tr	7	The scientist finished his story and again immersed himself in his own thoughts .
tr	6	After a few wrong turns and breaking the speed limit , Chloe found her way out of the bad neighborhood .
tr	6	Lilly Ann pulled the chair closer .
tr	7	Smite as she would , she could not break past nor beat down his guard .
tr	8	I gasped again choking and felt my gorge rise , my coffee and sandwiches coming back up .
tr	7	" Oh for heaven 's sake .
tr	6	Dane yanked out a grenade , armed it , and threw it .
tr	5	Stalin 's voice was heavy .
tr	11	I 'm the one who started asking questions .
tr	7	As Claire watched , a ray of light pierced the forest and shone out like a beacon .
tr	10	And that was when she started to weep .
tr	9	Sometimes trying to take shots she could use for the blog tried her patience .
tr	9	" That 's what I thought ; I just wanted an expert opinion , " Rick revealed .
tr	9	Endlessly entertained by her struggle , Ganondorf sips his wine once again , waiting for the inevitable battle to ensue .
tr	7	I 've had enough bad news .
tr	6	" Come on , " she muttered , and started down the hall .
tr	9	Ben noticed Alfred was trembling , his eyes glassy .
tr	6	" Oh , of course , " the technician says nervously with a notable lisp .
tr	5	Dear God , Sweet Dove kept her sequestered all this time . "
tr	10	Dan glanced at Raj who nodded his approval .
tr	8	All four of them were in good spirits from the refreshing rest .
tr	8	" You don 't notice the first one or the second , but before you know it there are hundreds . "
tr	11	The unfathomable power of God flirts far too coarsely for him to remain within the dream .
tr	11	" Errol , who are you talking to there ? "
tr	7	You remember he , " she starts , cut off by an angry war cry .
tr	7	She drew in a shuddering breath and ran her hands through her hair .
tr	7	She strode out and nearly ran over Neil .
tr	8	See what you can find .
tr	9	" Yes , that 's right , that 's right . "
tr	9	Daniel asked and crossed his arms in front of him .
tr	7	He was millimeters from my face .
tr	10	As he opened his mouth to reply , voices rose through the brilliant arch ahead .
tr	10	I didn 't give her a chance to turn me down .
tr	5	Instead , tears slipped down my face .
tr	8	Yes , he had been bathed at some point .
tr	10	Nick grimaced and grumbled , like he had stepped on a nail .
tr	6	Maybe this was all a dream , he thought .
tr	10	You 've got to be kidding me .
tr	7	Brass casings , thicker than bananas - grenades ?
tr	7	The sword was light in my other .
tr	8	" I beg you to speak freely .
tr	8	Only then did he return to the safety of the truck cab .
tr	7	The next candidate was strong-willed enough but demanded too much money .
tr	10	A tire hurtled out of the blazing wreck and rolled towards the trees , leaving a flaming trail in its wake .
tr	5	" Okay , fine , you 're all unique , special snowflakes .
tr	6	Her lips became chapped and cracked , but at least the prickly rash went away .
tr	8	As quietly as he could , he picked his way down the rocks , searching in the silver half-light .
tr	6	" Lay off of it , " he said at once .
tr	11	Of course we had the money to fix it , but we were hesitant to spend tax funds on the project .
tr	9	A group of businessmen with funny handshakes wanting to rake off big bucks from town planning contracts .
tr	10	It was time to stop dreaming .
tr	9	" Oh hi everyone , yes , I 'm the boss 's daughter who pissed off a client today .
tr	6	With the door shut , the fire 's warmth returned and Zoe sat .
tr	9	" No , but I know we 're outnumbered and we need every man . "
tr	9	" This is the starship that I flew on my adventures with your sons . "
tr	8	But speaking of Phillip , are we to kill him tonight ?
tr	9	Paris wanted to scream at Jackson .
tr	7	Like I said , there aren 't any secrets on the Rump .
tr	5	His brother , the king , is dead .
tr	5	Her party , even the man , shared her fair looks .
tr	6	A blue jay , with its unpleasant squawking song , fluttered to a stop on a nearby tree limb .
tr	7	Noah was right : it looked downright freaky out there .
tr	6	She had long blond hair , yes , but her eyes were dark blue , and her skin was perfectly sun-kissed .
tr	5	Noah , unlike his pristine room , always seemed a little grubby .
tr	8	He listened to the general agreement from the crowd before speaking again .
tr	7	He withdrew a crisp deck of cards as he spoke .
tr	11	I don 't think I could handle much more lecturing from my parents .
tr	8	You just hold up your end of the deal tomorrow and I 'll be on my way . "
tr	10	Gazing at the view Claire was surprised at how few lights she could see .
tr	9	When Noah came out of the den the sun already broiled as the heat of the day still increased .
tr	11	I caught on to the choice of words he used .
tr	9	If it 's that bad why don 't they just split up , period ? "
tr	10	I ordered Rick to stop training you .
tr	7	Ezra sprinted down the stairs , out the building and blasted down the street after the mutt .
tr	11	Rylan could almost see Cade dancing on the edge of the light , leaving death behind him .
tr	8	The latter were incongruous , in view of his present environs .
tr	8	Due to the relationship with Harry Downer and Peter Brenner she insisted she be made the investigating officer .
tr	9	I almost could see the confectioner 's sugar still lingering in his twisted beard .
tr	10	Kind of like when God created the earth , I imagined .
tr	9	Nobody cared if he was losing his circulation .
tr	7	Any of the moored boats would have done but John 's yacht appeared stunning in its newness .
tr	7	That had been nearly two weeks ago .
tr	7	She fumbled through the items in the trolley and handed the plastic bag over to the man .
tr	11	It has been a very long time since anyone has gone there .
tr	11	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
tr	8	Eloise 's cries dropped to a gentle roar with the motion of the buggy .
tr	8	I again walked down the path around the hamlet 's perimeter , retracing my steps from the night before .
tr	5	" My brother , and Count Lucien - " " Be quiet !
tr	9	yelled the man called Victor to my right .
tr	8	I 'm the best swimmer and I 'm trained in lifesaving . "
tr	10	You can spy on people , listen to them , see what they 're reading .
tr	9	" You think you 're a big man , " he taunted his captor .
tr	9	She knew something was bothering me .
tr	8	He talked endlessly about social control , propriety , and bizarre economic theories , but the king wouldn 't have it .
tr	6	Dwarves were formidable warriors , even a weak dwarf was three times as strong as a powerful man .
tr	6	Jonesy had all the flight time and Maggie watched his concentration and flight movements .
tr	8	If you wore something like that more often , you 'd get laid for sure . "
tr	11	I want to unknow everything he said .
tr	7	Nathan opened his mouth to retort and then quickly caught his words .
tr	6	For some reason , frankness and concern from Dorian was more disconcerting than his usual banter .
tr	8	Next item , I will not tolerate any sexual harassment or intimidation on this ship , military or non-military .
tr	6	Mr. Long , however , lifted the Spear up and shook it .
tr	6	There were explosions , cars flipped over , crumpled buildings , and fires .
tr	8	And my cousin , Jules , was in an all out war with the senior class queen bee .
tr	10	Ganondorf gruffly asks , not attempting to hide his disapproval .
tr	6	' Doesn 't look all that special to me , but then I ain 't a geography man .
tr	10	Angry marks indicated where she 'd taken out the sustaining needles .
tr	11	They began the exercises and VIN tried his best to look normal .
tr	5	My dad even had his own radio program .
tr	7	That makes about eight points this season , you score fifty every week ! "
tr	8	Perhaps they were the source of this strained , painful cry .
tr	10	Was it her imagination or did he actually wince hearing his own words ?
tr	11	I am glad to be free of them . "
tr	11	He did not ride in the carriage , where all his things were ; a knight rode horses , by definition .
tr	10	" Getting shot in the face has a way of knocking sense into a man . "
tr	7	The boy is upon her , and her vision of the all-consuming void returns .
tr	8	" It 's years since I chopped down a Christmas tree . "
tr	8	He was a flurry of motion , performing the tasks without thought .
tr	10	He cast his sight outward , and looked into the future once more .
tr	11	" Are those all arrows sticking in me ? "
tr	6	Then the rich scent of seared ahi and cream hit her nostrils and made her tummy growl .
tr	10	Looking around , she could see that most of her fellow passengers were already snoozing .
tr	7	A harsh cry erupted from my right , drowning the background noise .
tr	11	Now a new trend will be started where the whole hand will be removed ! "
tr	8	Wolf Eyes could hear the roar of the torrent waters now .
tr	6	" With his name , title , and position , and the dates of his birth and death .
tr	6	Gold , silver , and red frosting bled across the white paper tablecloth .
tr	8	Near the center of the dance floor the stranger starts to scan the crowd .
tr	7	As quick as he could , Manuel reached into the bookcase and grabbed a jar .
tr	8	Rest as you watch , you will be the better for it . "
tr	8	She smiled , as the three tall men arrived and stopped .
tr	6	" I mean , you caused all this , " she threw at Matthew .
tr	9	The story concerned the travails of a man on vacation with his family .
tr	8	" I 'm doing some research on a case .
tr	7	I spotted a plate of food on my bedside table , a gift from my mother as I slept .
tr	7	I ran back through the tunnels , my thoughts confused , my heart aching .
tr	7	But it 's not too late for you .
tr	6	" Definitely , " James said , " Killing her wouldn 't be much fun otherwise . "
tr	10	" I believe you but what do you want from me ? "
tr	7	The government listened to the human explorers , read their documents , watched their drawings , and made a decision .
tr	11	Missy guaranteed them that there were no dangerous animals at Big Pine Lodge , no mountain lions , bobcats or bears .
tr	7	The roll-up steel door in the opening was raised up just a few inches at the bottom .
tr	6	" All readouts show perfection my side , " he said in the internal intercom .
tr	8	He got real cold , and she was flown away to a dark place .
tr	10	I hope that we will eventually reach such a relationship , but the time is not now .
tr	8	Steam rose from the molten lava like dancing ghosts against the dark blue sky .
tr	9	" You are lucky water is low .
tr	6	" We might , " Bernard said , " but then again , we might not .
tr	8	Both men looked long into each other 's eyes and shook their heads .
tr	7	With that , he gave me a push down the stairs .
tr	8	" The friend you meet here ? "
tr	6	... Humorous , sometimes ominous , Sin City Hunter is entertaining and perfect for easy , breezy reading .
tr	9	All of Mark 's instincts were telling him to flee the house .
tr	8	" Uncle Aidan won 't leave without Aunt Mary and the girls . "
tr	11	He was always one to thrive in challenging environments .
tr	6	Those little poodle things can be quite mean . "
tr	8	Every time he looked in the mirror he seemed different .
tr	9	While lying on his bed , the sliver of an idea began to take shape in his mind .
tr	8	The earpiece crackled again just as we entered a corridor .
tr	10	She had passed through the guard shack unmolested despite her fears .
tr	5	" On Mom 's grave ? "
tr	8	In under a minute , it was just Josie , Mark , an unconscious Jimmy and twelve men in black .
tr	11	Gravel was being kicked up and sprayed as the elders ' scooters raced down the dangerous aisle .
tr	11	She didn 't want to be tied to anything .
tr	7	They were back in their favorite room with Robbie and the dogs .
tr	5	Besides Diane and Blake , they 're actually my real friends .
tr	8	If he could forgive , would he ever be able to forget ?
tr	10	I pressed my head against the cool window and watched the city as it blurred past me .
tr	6	" Hi , Mommy , " he said , his head cocked to the side with a sleepy grin .
tr	8	Huang Fu was a pitcher on a baseball team , and that also contributed to his leadership skills .
tr	7	The knife struck hard and the creature lay motionless on the ground .
tr	6	He shook Captain le Roux 's hand firmly .
tr	10	Flaherty tried to sleep , but every time he closed his eyes he saw Captain McLeod 's face .
tr	7	They didn 't have a mirror -- those were expensive .
tr	10	" Are you suggesting that I am heavy ? "
tr	7	I 'll not see my kingdom fall into darkness again . "
tr	7	Ed was their newest director , and according to Hank , he didn 't get it .
tr	6	" I agree , " she said , still smiling .
tr	9	thought Ben , " they seem so helpless lying there . "
tr	5	She hardly remembered her biological father .
tr	10	She told us everything she knew .
tr	6	A house number clearly visible over the door .
tr	10	She takes a step toward me and my shoulders clench at the sound of her hooves hitting the earth .
tr	7	Why didn 't they find our son until last night ?
tr	8	He moved to Flaherty 's side and motioned for quiet .
tr	5	" Well , this afternoon , in my lab , I undertook a simple experiment .
tr	9	This is when many members of the crew approached first mate Bridgeman and suggested mutiny .
tr	11	I 'll be around but , for the time being , this will be my base . " .
tr	9	Pine needles grab savagely at my hair as I pull myself up on a steady branch .
tr	6	He stretched his squat muscular frame tense with painful exhaustion .
tr	10	" I don 't know what to think , " he shook his head .
tr	6	I don 't get my own bed ? "
tr	10	The women were allowed to stay seated , apparently .
tr	10	Victor was staying topside to cover us .
tr	10	That which had held him prisoner was now probably the only thing that kept him alive .
tr	8	The call could be that of a stray .
tr	8	I grabbed a hold of Alita 's shoulder for support .
tr	7	Oddly though , Mr. Anderson made no strange moves , barely acknowledging the girls .
tr	7	But she brought out the best in him .
tr	8	He consented at last and passed over a pile of copper crowns .
tr	7	He was trembling in every limb .
tr	11	She looked down , as if afraid she had revealed too much .
tr	6	" Stone , no , that 's not right , " Anna thought for a moment .
tr	8	Rho teases , tossing it to another kid .
tr	6	" That 's the one , " Millie acknowledged , " I recognize his da . "
tr	7	' Mr Roman is who I mean . '
tr	11	You didn 't think I 'd drink it , did you ?
tr	5	" Musicians , storytellers , " Hilda said .
tr	9	For a long time , too long , the Prince stood there , unable to move .
tr	6	" At the very least , you 're still an accessory to murder . "
tr	8	After all it was up to the grown-ups to make the decisions !
tr	6	His eyes grew moist , but he shook it off .
tr	8	He , the man in Switzerland , had just had a phone call from a lady , also in Switzerland .
tr	5	Katherine I 'm , really , very proud . '
tr	7	Claire read the sign : Art Gallery , Opera House , Restaurant , Conservatory , Tourist information office .
tr	11	She had to admit his reflexes were good .
tr	11	" I don 't think I do have more questions , " Alejo narrowed his eyes at Stalin .
tr	6	The left one was multi-colored and evenly spattered with every color , like a smooth , multi colored static .
tr	5	Female : plump , average height , black hair , dark skin , royal blue gown , royal blue gloves .
tr	7	My mind is little jagged puzzle pieces all falling apart .
tr	5	" She 's not the only one .
tr	8	There was little sense in simply reversing the leash .
tr	5	A little punishment 's not a bad thing .
tr	9	The courtyard they entered was grassy , shaded with trees , and mostly dark .
tr	9	She had already rehearsed in her mind her escape route up the far drive on the other side of the carport .
tr	7	Once the sun goes down , it 's nothin ' but Cobras and monsters out here .
tr	11	For some reason he couldn 't put his finger on , he felt ashamed talking about this with them .
tr	6	Mark held up his hand , open , toward Josie .
tr	6	" We are not going anywhere . "
tr	9	" I don 't think it was a corpse . "
tr	9	" Using the main roads like we 'd planned , a month was reasonable with the horses .
tr	7	Bruises had formed from the manhandling .
tr	5	Chapter 4 - The Ruined Girl Fourteen Years Earlier " All right , class , line up . "
tr	9	He sighed then tossed the peeling in the open barrel .
tr	6	And he was alone on the bed , alone in her room , alone in the house .
tr	10	He stooped low and pulled back the cloak that covered the wound .
tr	8	" Natasha , " he said as she picked up .
tr	9	" My people tell me that the NRA website has crashed , " she continued as the President nodded .
tr	11	Chapter Six : Trust The Prince began to make a plan .
tr	6	But the emperor , in his divine wisdom , did not heed the old tales .
tr	8	The tone started to worry him .
tr	8	Josie finished a mouthful of food and took a drink .
tr	8	When she finally stopped they were at the bottom of Mount Rocky .
tr	11	Fuchs ordered us to make him as comfortable as possible .
tr	8	Tell Tony to activate it .
tr	10	Are you willing to help ? "
tr	6	' Okay , this is Little Spirit performing , Joanna . ' '
tr	7	It won 't be the same without you . "
tr	8	They had lived on it and had survived its worst .
tr	5	In the end , Bryant and the gang leader reached an agreement .
tr	11	Henry , I would expect that you are using your operatives in this task ? '
tr	10	Kaylie apparently didn 't realize she could see and hear both ways and it startled her .
tr	11	" ' Tis my master that will kill me , there is no place that he cannot reach ! "
tr	8	" Are you guys okay ? "
tr	8	The room was dark , lit with only a pair of oil lamps in wall sconces .
tr	7	His pajamas had been changed as well .
tr	11	" You might want to keep that in your room while you 're here . "
tr	10	It was a soft sound that could barely be heard .
tr	9	Slowly Gaia was sucked in and I witnessed the destruction of a planet and the death of many .
tr	11	Zap Zap told him everything they talked about .
tr	10	People who spend big money for houses want convenience . "
tr	11	It was hard to miss someone being stunned .
tr	8	" Am I being insufferably ill tempered ? "
tr	6	" Not for long , " Sarah said fiercely .
tr	7	Giving her hand a brief squeeze , the hero prepares to depart .
tr	10	You will each be issued with list of your sector targets .
tr	11	I heard the dead boy laughing through his opened throat and -- I won 't lie -- I wet myself .
tr	10	" To say it was impressive would be an understatement in the extreme .
tr	7	After the Tenacious left him , Bradley right away banged on the wall to John .
tr	11	Connor helped the younger lady clean up while Andre sat and talked with Babushka .
tr	5	At least she isn 't a twenty-something Swedish girl .
tr	8	Long enough for me to work the rawhide off my wrists .
tr	10	" You held off seven men for longer than I had thought possible . "
tr	10	" Exactly right , " said Nathan , " and a good policy it is too .
tr	8	Her head came up again , and now there was a fire in her eyes .
tr	8	Layla had made an oath to God and her mother .
tr	6	She responded to his kiss , very gently , and very slowly .
tr	8	I thought you were anti-social .
tr	6	All your deliveries , your farming , your drilling up the oil , your shipping it !
tr	7	I turned to her , folding my hands properly .
tr	7	If you enjoyed my work , please leave a review , and check out my other novels !
tr	9	I 've been meaning to call . "
tr	10	Dodging the first strike easily enough , Link is not prepared for the onslaught that follows .
tr	6	I will be right back . "
tr	6	Did her sire , the great Prince of the Dragons , sense her fading presence in the world ?
tr	8	And if we do , is it to be right away or not ? "
tr	8	If we don 't do something , I know that Teddy will certainly die or turn .
tr	10	I flew through the air and landed ten feet in front of him on my feet -- barely .
tr	8	he said and walked away from the table and out the front door .
tr	11	But what makes a man a man , is what he does once that moment has passed .
tr	7	Alex and Kaylie can put up the leftovers ; Chris and Jess -- dishes .
tr	10	A cold night 's wind rustled my hair and I sailed through the window , glass glittering about me like rain .
tr	9	He climbed on top of the bucket and crouched down .
tr	9	Most of the people in there will have been hiking Hadrian 's Wall all day .
tr	8	She emitted a throaty cry and the coyote came forward .
tr	8	Still , it was expensive for Seth to keep up appearances .
tr	10	' I 'm sorry John but that might be a step too far !
tr	8	Please try to get it right next time . "
tr	8	Harald drew his sword out of the sheath with a wild ring .
tr	10	" He shouldn 't have left me alone in that dodgy part of town ! "
tr	7	Yet , an aged cross loomed down on us from the wall , and the place 's architecture was distinctly clerical .
tr	8	There was now a large crane on the spot and the lot was strewn with containers and supplies .
tr	8	He was already speaking to the assembled group as Goggles and Flaherty approached .
tr	7	" Your friend is one of us now . "
tr	8	Gradually , the anger leaves her visage , and a look the boy does not recognize creeps onto her face .
tr	7	You ran away from the hotel with that schizophrenic guy ... " " Hold on , don 't even start Helen .
tr	11	It made her wonder what kind of a lover he would be .
tr	9	You 're supposed to be a professional .
tr	6	Lights from the first and fourth floors bathed a narrow brick patio in a golden glow .
tr	6	" You are very welcome , Zoe , " Paris said , his voice low .
tr	8	" Sir , why don 't we cut right down to the bone on the first pass ?
tr	7	She wore a beautiful pale green dress , her skin glowing and hair shiny , looking magnificent .
tr	6	" I 'm not pregnant , baby , " said Mary , inhaling the nicotine .
tr	10	Jones was slumped over , held up by the belt like a wet noodle .
tr	8	Finally , my friend related the particulars of our ambush after the ball and Di Luca 's murder .
tr	9	Gradually the noise of the animals decreased to just one or two barking in the distance .
tr	10	She hoped she 'd heard wrong .
tr	8	But what peril could have befallen her ?
tr	7	He touched the screen and opened his own folder , selecting a file .
tr	8	The army of black creatures should be well ahead of them now .
tr	8	With the air of one facing a firing squad , she blurted out , " Yes .
tr	6	" So do you , " she replied .
tr	9	He figured that this route would be safe enough .
tr	11	" Futile are thy trials for we pass between the ground and the heavens , between worlds of chaotic realities .
tr	7	Andy rubbed his eyes , then got up and followed Archie out of the coach .
tr	9	" Remember what they offered for his help ? "
tr	8	Before Mark could respond , a loop of steel cable dropped down on him , seemingly from above .
tr	7	" Bloody well and impenetrable crap , you could never see more than ten feet .
tr	7	" Don 't make any sudden moves , " he says .
tr	7	I pulled out the gun and aimed at Jolie .
tr	5	These may indeed ... " " Look , Mr. Clancy .
tr	9	He slipped down , cutting himself and opening a small wound on his hand .
tr	8	A couple on their second honeymoon was due later this afternoon , but the inn had had no guests last night .
tr	11	He looked around the place to let his words sink in .
tr	9	The people there were frightened at the invasion of this warrior .
tr	11	The butterflies in his stomach were ready to bust right through and fly away .
tr	7	The man bustled in then , so I sat back down .
tr	10	He was swept away by the unconditional support that the community poured over him .
tr	11	" Well , there 're plenty of seats to choose from .
tr	9	Ten minutes later , and with no more men coming out of the slightly ajar door , VIN went silently forward .
tr	7	Most male Captains and above were already married and she never really met any civilians .
tr	6	At Rand 's words his expression became alarmed .
tr	10	They dressed all in white , whatever they wore .
tr	7	It looks like a Native American totem pole , just funnier .
tr	7	I said , " Skipper drop that , right now . "
tr	10	It just like saying , " Keep away from him ! "
tr	6	" First I almost run you over and then I creep you out . "
tr	7	" Yes , but Damian wasn 't patient for me .
tr	10	And if either of them finds out Alejo is alive , they could come back here and just finish the job .
tr	11	I 'd felt guilty because our relationship seemed focused on me .
tr	7	Live with honor , fight with valor , and die without regret .
tr	9	I 'll need someone else to entertain me .
tr	11	He needed to know if she was there as well .
tr	7	Warrior once said ... " " Dagger shut up , " Tyler cries out .
tr	11	I know how she hates to go alone .
tr	8	instructed Jimmy with a smile as he closed the staff room door behind him .
tr	11	" You 've completed your schooling and now , my friend , it 's time to celebrate . "
tr	6	And at that moment , the chanting , the drums , the fire , everything , flared up with a roar .
tr	9	Our men were excellent fighters , but numbers were telling over time , and I feared for them .
tr	6	Mary was in her maternal element .
tr	10	" I think I should warn you , " Trinity started to explain to everyone .
tr	11	Too soon it becomes obvious that there is nothing romantic in the sorry sight .
tr	10	Then with a suddenness that took all by surprise , Rafe dragged Rand from his horse .
tr	5	" There 's an airplane here .
tr	7	Moments later , we reached the edge of the ventilation shaft .
tr	7	He was now cleaned up , and wearing a camouflage Army uniform .
tr	10	The keep was built over several .
tr	11	The German soldiers stood stiffly at attention while Abu tried to become invisible .
tr	11	He didn 't know she 'd never felt so comfortable with a lover .
tr	6	She wore jeans , a bright yellow parka , and a green scarf with big yellow cotton flowers .
tr	11	No compass just his native instinct , his bare feet seemingly impervious to what was underfoot ... .
tr	5	She tested , dissected , recombined , discarded , and retried .
tr	6	" Nana - " Dex said , but she just ducked her head and whispered something .
tr	7	They were trapped , and their fate was nearing closer than ever before .
tr	6	A huge , semi-automatic magnum hung under his left armpit , just above his belt .
tr	11	I guess we 'd have to see .
tr	10	He dropped into the chair , Sam sitting opposite him .
tr	7	A single red rose -- a testament -- lay atop these others .
tr	8	He raised the glass and stared blindly at the liquid inside .
tr	9	He was at least seven if not eight cycles old .
tr	7	Matthew dropped a step back behind Bax as a precaution , yet the cowboy seemed unconcerned .
tr	6	Chapter V Shadows his home , serpents -- his kin , With vice his glory is forever stain 'd .
tr	7	The gardener continued out of sight , ignoring Virgil .
tr	11	The second SUV swung around the smashed up vehicle with a sharp squeal of tires .
tr	9	What do they offer in return for the land ? "
tr	9	" Dear me , in our rush to catch the music , I forgot to introduce myself .
tr	9	God didn 't make us equal ; God made us noble , and God made us peasant .
tr	8	The sun was beginning to rise , in the east .
tr	8	They looked up and were startled at the horrifying sight .
tr	7	" What 're we dressed as ? "
tr	9	She took refuge behind it and rested her rifle on the bottom member of the porch railing .
tr	9	They want to see you guys off .
tr	9	Are we having fun yet ? "
tr	6	How pretty the wallpaper was , an old toile pattern with pastoral figures , in blue and white .
tr	9	What if he did not accept him as her husband ?
tr	9	It caused an underground civil war amongst the Guardians at the beginning of the Age -- the Lost Times .
tr	10	Once she was in the Falcon 's hands there would be no way of protecting her .
tr	10	" Sir , there is not much we can do but wait .
tr	11	Unless you want to come with me .
tr	10	And I said I would never be chained again .
tr	9	You needed surgery for your ribs as they were piercing your lungs .
tr	5	" Please gentleman , " quiet again filled the air .
tr	8	With his back to the still sleepy Raphael , Calvin admired the bold letters beneath the blue flag .
tr	8	Throughout the ages , this river has connected Zora 's Domain to the castle without fail .
tr	8	Alejo decided to start the conversation .
tr	10	Tommy had fallen on his butt as soon as his feet hit the ground .
tr	8	Mind , body and soul he said , must always remain aligned in harmonious unity .
tr	9	He could hear the occasional raindrop on the tin roof of the shed .
tr	7	We should carve another before the rains .
tr	7	At the upper end of the clearing was a 20-foot cliff separating them from higher ground above .
tr	8	She rang off and sat down at the table looking thoughtful .
tr	10	Then it dropped to the ground , as if the machine guns had been suspending it .
tr	9	" And I don 't appreciate being interrupted , thank you . "
tr	7	She had never seen him so furious .
tr	9	The Kindred soldiers retreated to the second level , passing through the gate as quickly as possible .
tr	9	Dave stumbled over Rob 's legs and fell , his right knee landing hard on his friend 's back .
tr	9	They began to fall like rain .
tr	9	You are in no danger here , and you 're clearly not here to receive the deliverables or exchange money . "
tr	9	Terry rode the Honda ATV slowly down the fence line carefully inspecting the fence itself for any sign of damage .
tr	10	" Have any of the groups made it there yet ? "
tr	8	She strode out and closed the door on Barbara 's soft laugh .
tr	10	" I 'll have to think about it . "
tr	7	When she was all unpacked I sat with them in their room and looked back and forth between them .
tr	5	" I ... " " I 'm just kidding , Laila . "
tr	11	It was like he knew I was here !
tr	5	In my heart , in my head , in my soul , I laugh .
tr	8	And that was the last thing he said .
tr	8	There was a roar of surprise as the Daemon caught the motion .
tr	6	They use recycled vegetable oil for fuel , sweet . "
tr	9	The Russian government has been refusing to comment .
tr	8	When they finally made it back to the lodge all of the lunch items were cleared away .
tr	6	" Uh , no , um , the food last night , I think it was bad or something . "
tr	9	" Look at that muck on your dress and the doings .
tr	9	Even with the longer daylight hours this time of year they were rapidly beginning to lose the light .
tr	9	With the order given they turned , following the ship with speed and in absolute dark silence .
tr	9	This could be the proof he needed .
tr	5	His clammy hands , his pristine room , his unchanging smudgy face .
tr	11	I hadn 't even to look at photos to recognize you .
tr	10	I felt there is more to this .
tr	9	Rupert throws himself in front of the devil , and Kurt stabbed him straight through .
tr	10	Further along under the wall was a dog that was also in a terrible condition .
tr	5	Behind his beryllium steel mask , Destro 's eyes narrowed .
tr	10	" Should you wish to live , you will never use that title again , " she hissed .
tr	6	Halfway down the gangway , Maya stops , turns and looks up .
tr	8	" Please close the door to the replicator and reopen it , Kaylie , " T answered .
tr	9	There was a flash at the corner of my vision .
tr	7	They stealthily crossed the bridge under a dark and cloudy sky .
tr	11	You gave me your loyalty until this crisis has passed , and passed it has .
tr	10	" Were you going to milk her ? "
tr	11	" Okay , Yin went off to find a mate while Yang remained behind .
tr	6	And then the four of them exited the church together with Beth and Ella holding hands in the middle .
tr	9	If he did not place the last gift before dawn , he would be in default of the Noel Accords .
tr	8	" How did you know where your mother was ? "
tr	6	Luckily for him , at that very moment , the man in the black shirt entered the room .
tr	7	Amazon Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	7	" I can get the nurse ... " " Don 't leave , " I typed .
tr	9	You don 't think , you just act and hope it was the best thing .
tr	8	" The Talisman has four dials , each one inside the other .
tr	7	Jen lay on the couch , head in Georges lap .
tr	10	He also saw Bump was embarrassed by the comment .
tr	9	You can take that flying helmet off , if you want to . "
tr	11	I 'm just wondering if it 's worth doing an interview . "
tr	11	They seem to have reached some kind of agreement .
tr	11	" I am only pleased that we could be of help . "
tr	9	He started to wobble on his feet .
tr	6	" This is our first evening engagement together , " Breedlove shyly said .
tr	10	After breakfast Rick insisted the three girls in Anderson 's class wear a necklace all day .
tr	8	An ' if I might give ya a word of advice ?
tr	6	Gabe makes quotes with his fingers .
tr	10	" I don 't think they like us being here , " Mai nervously laughs .
tr	8	" When you were in Astral House , did you ever see Maya ? "
tr	9	Her eyes opened and she could see Chase on her arms .
tr	6	A quick surf on his laptop , however , had confirmed the incredible news .
tr	7	Hidden hydraulics took over , slowly swinging the door outwards .
tr	6	That student isn 't the criminal ; the gendarmes are . "
tr	10	' All suggestions that could progress the band are welcome , ' Danny assured her .
tr	9	We 'll only be gone for a few weeks , it 'll be a wonderful experience for her .
tr	5	Their weapons , their weaknesses , their plans , their likes and dislikes .
tr	7	Then Joseph led the group towards the birch tree and waved each person to a chair .
tr	8	" Then again , you never did me any favours .
tr	9	I need you to hold his leg , " David heard just outside the door of the elevator .
tr	11	He broke off as he collapsed into another fit of mirth .
tr	10	he asked mischievously , voice low as he moved closer .
tr	6	Their dress , their accent , even their movement spoke of faraway places .
tr	10	He seemed to relish saying it .
tr	8	Over one hundred projects are being worked on here on the airfield .
tr	6	" By the way , next time , be more specific about the location . "
tr	11	First , I must tell you a story , " he continues , briefly glancing down to collect his memories .
tr	6	" Show me , " she repeated .
tr	8	" No , your cooking is reason enough not to haunt you . "
tr	10	You sure that 's what you want to do ? "
tr	8	Sarah cleaned Dan 's feet and ran her hands down all four of his legs .
tr	9	" They said you carried me here , " she starts , her tone abysmally tired .
tr	6	It was already getting dark .
tr	11	She was going to have to eat .
tr	10	I believe this situation could present us with an opportunity .
tr	9	-- is a major in the Marines , and she was stationed in the District ?
tr	8	" My tante made them for me before we left , " the man said proudly .
tr	9	He watched the swallows , thinking how thick the animal population was .
tr	8	" But they don 't pick on their own , " wrote Michael .
tr	11	She stood leaning against the wall for a time , catching her breath and just watching .
tr	9	Having missed her customary two days off Jennie was taking the day off .
tr	5	" When shall I leave ? "
tr	10	As I fumble to click off the website , I hear Karen 's voice .
tr	7	" Now , Joseph , what is the meaning of all this ?
tr	9	He saw the wounds were nearly healed .
tr	9	Remove from their hands the gift bestowed from above .
tr	9	" And the Lord Rafe who spoke to me just a moment ago was nothing like Finn . "
tr	6	" Don 't they teach children anything important in school these days ? "
tr	5	My favorite exhibit , hands down , was the Pacific Northwest Native American exhibit .
tr	6	Theirs is a somewhat strained relationship .
tr	11	" You mean ninety-nine percent of what we are doing here ?
tr	7	But with luck and planning , we 'll slip right past them . "
tr	10	The night had been one he would not soon forget .
tr	6	Every word out of his mouth became a slap to my face .
tr	8	To remake us as different people , with different names . "
tr	11	I think your promised has come to call . "
tr	11	I think you can make some new friends in Japan .
tr	11	Mariposa felt a tug only so slightly to be on the safeness of the ground below .
tr	5	' Yes , I am , ' he said , all but relived .
tr	11	She imagined herself on horseback , riding as fast as she could with vital information .
tr	11	Isn 't that what Josh told me to do .
tr	9	Nate was the first to look up .
tr	9	Gordon wasn 't anywhere to be seen .
tr	8	Then they went to the field to pick the corn .
tr	10	He left via the back door in case the European was watching the house .
tr	10	" I 'm all ears , " said William , draining his Scotch , then standing to pour another .
tr	9	America doesn 't like to lose , and certainly doesn 't like losers .
tr	8	She is so concerned about your safety ... " The Prince 's mouth went dry .
tr	7	From the top of the hill I could see the route to the main road .
tr	6	" Snipers , " someone yelled and all the troops dropped into their holes .
tr	7	It was a call , a command , a plea .
tr	6	All of the ' neighbors ' were in their usual places .
tr	10	It 's his fault I 'm here in the first place .
tr	9	Jason needs to wake and resume his duties immediately , " Aria states emphatically within the Doctor 's mind .
tr	7	But you know how these new people are .
tr	6	Jimmy lunged from his position in the corner .
tr	9	To a man , they referred to Fuchs as royalty , even though they all knew the truth about his disguise .
tr	9	" The Grenadiers didn 't appear to have much choice .
tr	9	It was a teargas canister , pumping out a thick cloud of gas .
tr	11	Then she 'd wear it until they wed and the silver and sapphire bracelet of a married woman replaced it .
tr	11	I think you 'll find everything 's in order . "
tr	7	Everybody knew who she was .
tr	7	Something fast with decent armor would be perfect . "
tr	10	As I flew again over the mouth of the valley the shimmering curtain reappeared .
tr	7	The train slowed further and stopped with a jerk .
tr	6	The inspector , like many locals , was a short and thin man .
tr	9	They were surprised to see Andy .
tr	10	After being stuck for more than nine hours , the track system collapsed under the weight .
tr	8	I only wish I could -- well , perhaps not . "
tr	11	To make matters worse the little girl refused to let go of me and cried when the mother took her away .
tr	9	Jimmy wasn 't the expert on the subject that Carlos was , but he decided to give it a try .
tr	11	She came to a stop as the crowd continued to move around her .
tr	8	" Then don 't , " she suggested , leaning toward him .
tr	5	" Not now , baby , " she told him .
tr	11	Next came pouring water , and the sounds of stirring and crushing .
tr	7	I said , " Honey you literally took my breath away . "
tr	6	I knocked a bit harder .
tr	9	Next , I would start sensitizing people to the danger of loose lips .
tr	7	We 're all on the list but Kate 's has a line through it . "
tr	7	After an exchange of addresses and telephone numbers , Dr Bianca departed and headed home .
tr	10	He mumbles to himself as the opening door reveals stairs leading downward .
tr	10	Seeing this Raphael rounded the bench to join him in harmony .
tr	8	If there are no more questions Linda , Cindy you 're dismissed .
tr	7	" Your boys deserved a good beat down , " she shot back , assuming a fighting stance .
tr	9	" I 'm kind of messing this up .
tr	10	" Couldn 't leave her on the prairie for the tigers , could you ?
tr	9	" They 'll be fine , stop worrying , " Anna told her .
tr	5	Like them , the Water people always followed the money .
tr	9	I didn 't think it was working .
tr	7	I did typically stay at the Marriott .
tr	8	He held it up for Ghost to see , as well .
tr	8	Although they were still watching him , they were not in attack position now .
tr	7	A tear snaked down Milne 's sunken cheek , her tiny nose turned red , and her mouth pursed .
tr	11	Next to it were a group of vending machines that sold cigarettes .
tr	6	" After so much time we should be , " Laurence said over his shoulder .
tr	6	Lord Brogan thought for a moment .
tr	11	" I thought you knew I was here . "
tr	9	" How did you get on with the arrangements back here old chap ? "
tr	9	The situation did not improve as they reached the tunnel .
tr	8	He directed his eyes at the Director of the CIA .
tr	8	It 's natural to conspire .
tr	6	" But one time she was an owl , and the other time she was a wolf . "
tr	5	" Oh my god , " I gasp .
tr	9	The city seemed half built of white stone , half carved back into the cliffs of it .
tr	8	Her sword was on the stair behind her .
tr	10	The four who needed to survive .
tr	7	Tony showered , changed back into his jeans and waited for Avi in the changing room .
tr	11	My ribs squashed in , further than they were meant to contract .
tr	11	I had no choice but to let it fill me .
tr	9	He wore black jeans , a black shirt , and a black ski hat pulled over his dark hair .
tr	6	The words tasted bitter , like copper .
tr	5	" What is wrong , Rosa ? "
tr	7	It is the natural order of things .
tr	7	Rising to my full height , I lengthened my stride and returned towards the train .
tr	7	Don 't look for us until tomorrow . "
tr	7	She and Noah weren 't laughing in the caf together .
tr	8	My home is not too far from the south coast , anyway ... it 's up to you . "
tr	6	" Yeah , right , " said Alex skeptically .
tr	8	This is me , still lingering behind the two boys .
tr	8	I followed the trail away from the cabin , sinking into waist deep snow .
tr	9	" Radisson Brunei please , " she said as she settled into the back seat .
tr	6	" I nearly forgot , there 's a European Affairs Society ball this weekend - you should come ! "
tr	10	Dropping through 24,000 feet , and turning base to final , six miles from target , " Jonesy continued .
tr	8	A large boy stood up then , " What did they eat ? "
tr	6	Robbie died easily and painlessly as did the other two .
tr	7	He put the pencil to the paper and wrote out the answer .
tr	11	And you know I am overdue a ninety thousand mile service . "
tr	9	Maybe that was exactly what was happening , she thought .
tr	11	Startled by the voice , Lizzie whirled around to see who had spoken .
tr	7	" Sorry about the ribs , kid , " Mark added .
tr	7	It would only get lighter from this point on .
tr	9	" There 's been an accident in the lab , " he said sternly .
tr	5	No contact required : just a straight fight , you and me .
tr	8	His arm , mended but not strong , hung at an unnatural angle to his body as he ran .
tr	7	The stranger approaches , walks around the cable and starts up the stairs .
tr	10	I won 't stay long but you can stay as long as is right . '
tr	10	Auron shouted , trying to stand up .
tr	5	Again He spoke , and this time land and water appeared .
tr	8	King Martin loves his brother greatly , and the two are perfectly content in their respective positions .
tr	11	" Something went wrong , like Daddy said it would , " Maya states with worry .
tr	11	Abbey asked , pulling back a little to look at him .
tr	10	" You realize what you are asking of us ? "
tr	9	He recognized the hotel , having stayed there once himself .
tr	10	Her arms and bound hands drew protectively over her abdomen , the place his child grew .
tr	8	It was time to begin .
tr	10	" I cannot thank you enough , " the baker insists , unable to articulate her appreciation .
tr	5	" I should never drink .
tr	11	We only wanted to know where he was going . '
tr	10	" And so , sir , we 've come here seeking answers at your daughter 's behest .
tr	7	No matter what happened , I have a reason for this . "
tr	11	And what did the two have in common ?
tr	10	She had to stop herself from giggling .
tr	8	When he looked over again toward the other ship , he realized that another mystery was solved .
tr	7	Coming up for air , Hawk replied expressively , " I love you , my dear .
tr	8	Just try and thank you ... it is taste like a fish or something and finish .
tr	8	' Don 't worry , I 've been up ages , ' Danny said causing John laughter .
tr	5	' I propose Lucas , Reid , Bruno and Anatole .
tr	8	This isn 't an everyday farm hack , or even the racer of a gentleman .
tr	7	" You know what guys ? "
tr	7	Then he secured it with a D-ring to VIN 's suit connector .
tr	7	He didn 't care though ... things like a straight back didn 't matter any more .
tr	10	He had begun to laugh uncontrollably and appeared to be choking .
tr	7	Someone rapped on the door and shouted .
tr	7	As he looked up , drops of his own perspiration dripped from the forehead to his lips .
tr	7	" After all this time . "
tr	10	That evening we anchored off the old Gibson Dry Dock ; Connie had the albums out going through them .
tr	11	And what are we going to do , suck them raw ? "
tr	7	After a moment , Byrnes spoke again , but this time his tone had softened somewhat .
tr	9	It raced under the Mediterranean sun as they chatted about everything except her .
tr	9	Ethan seemed to catch himself rambling .
tr	6	He sat down in a large , padded armchair .
tr	7	Elodie cautiously opened the toilet door and dropped the phone into the waste bin beneath the hand driers .
tr	8	" Not ... gon na ... make ... it , " he panted .
tr	10	' I think I was fairly thorough with my life story earlier .
tr	9	They took it easy going back to the bank .
tr	7	I 'll spit you like a roast pig ! "
tr	10	What really matters is that he 's incredibly loyal to Martin , Phillip , and myself .
tr	7	" The invaders have taken the port cities , " He announced unnecessarily .
tr	9	she demanded , scanning the woods with narrowed eyes , " Show yourself ! "
tr	8	Don 't let them see us . "
tr	10	We have got to get out of here .
tr	6	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental and not intended by the author .
tr	8	I hear the sound of footsteps approaching .
tr	11	She couldn 't remember a time when she had felt more foolish .
tr	8	Mark stepped slowly around the table and picked up Jimmy by the belt and one arm .
tr	11	Maybe that 's what you do when you 're six .
tr	8	We had great fun and laughed at each other 's attempts .
tr	9	Your default image must be of a forest , or , from your description , a jungle even .
tr	5	" What , this wall has a different magic word ? "
tr	8	" Do they come in red ? "
tr	10	Manuel had a gentle and caring heart that made him loveable and accessible to the villagers .
tr	11	One woman was old and would have to be carried also .
tr	7	" What did they say about Connie ? "
tr	7	He will not be long , far maybe , but not long . "
tr	10	Rich as hell and bored of buying all the crap they could ever want .
tr	10	It means he knows whom I serve .
tr	9	" You smell like a room full of sweaty socks , " he teased further .
tr	10	He hoped that if he ignored them they would just walk away .
tr	10	Logan had been in and out of consciousness for hours now .
tr	7	When she did speak , her voice was soft and weak , confused and halting .
tr	9	They had been in the air for a little over four hours .
tr	8	He kept following at a safe distance , and the hours past .
tr	5	" Nihon Online , folks -- -- Mark Barnes . "
tr	8	" If you don 't mind my asking , " Chris said , turning to Dawkins .
tr	11	Mac refused to use their way to communicate .
tr	9	She 'll be blind in a few more minutes .
tr	10	A balcony overlooked the space , and a chamber orchestra was tuning , preparing for the dances to come .
tr	6	The dull , flickering flashlight cast weird shadows and barely penetrated the darkness .
tr	10	There was no barking Dog or hidden Cat waiting to pounce .
tr	11	Rafe had to admit the truth of this statement , but it did little to quell his temper .
tr	9	Nathan looked to Anderson for support who simply nodded .
tr	9	I looked toward this nice lady and waited for the next flash of lightning .
tr	8	A large , hollowed tree trunk acts as a cylindrical hallway into the thick woods atop the hills .
tr	9	Claire pushed up from the sofa then stumbled and caught herself on the arm .
tr	6	" Maya , " he says , confused .
tr	8	" Is that why you came here ?
tr	8	" What 's going on in there , Wes ? "
tr	7	She respected him not only as her husband but also as a man .
tr	5	In the upcoming novels , more countries , races and magic will unfold .
tr	11	King Ine was looking disturbed , his eyes troubled , and a droop to his shoulders that worried Lord Brogan .
tr	7	A high-pitched giggle from outside Malcolm 's apartment cascaded over me like confectioner 's sugar .
tr	11	We have to try to accept that .
tr	9	What a mess he had made of things .
tr	9	The cop took a long slug of coffee while the intro music to his favorite show played .
tr	10	The jeweller was about to repeat the question but he sensed someone was behind him .
tr	9	A warrior not ten feet from her rose slowly , keeping her body between himself and her companions .
tr	9	Along side of the garage Grandma had planted a patch of tomatoes and beans and cucumbers .
tr	11	It has now become a pulse of intense energy flowing through his mind .
tr	10	She glanced at the corner of the screen where a green progress bar was sitting at ninety percent .
tr	6	This girl even look much alike her , setting aside their manners .
tr	8	Any of them might have crushed me like a beetle . "
tr	6	The sides of the trench waved and sloped with the soft earth .
tr	8	" The next morning he was tied to the ropes and flogged .
tr	10	Wind roared in his ears , dulled only slightly by Mirai 's hands .
tr	9	I wondered how you were getting on .
tr	9	He loved seeing it shine .
tr	7	" Fine , " she said , getting up again .
tr	11	" Bugger , looks like it 's going to rain . "
tr	5	" Suit yourself , " Neil said wearily .
tr	6	" No , it 's not that , " Rift retorts more seriously .
tr	7	This would only take her about a mile off her route .
tr	6	Looking a bit flustered , Byrnes said , " Your torch . "
tr	6	" Very well , Roland , take it off , " and he lowered his head reluctantly .
tr	7	Rolling onto his right side , Ted shoved his arm through the gap under the door and grasped the chain .
tr	8	Mark looked at Mike , Jon , then Jeff confirming a shared acknowledgment of comprehension .
tr	6	" He 's busy at the moment , tracking down an escaped prisoner .
tr	9	Claire felt herself bristling at the expression , then she laughed .
tr	11	Jakarta was still making noises about the ' massacre ' and threatening to take it to the UN .
tr	7	" Wake now , dear friend , the time is at hand .
tr	9	I turned on the captive but couldn 't find words to speak .
tr	9	joked Simon feeling a genuine sense of excitement about his new future .
tr	7	You know of my quest and my plight .
tr	9	" I wasn 't going to use Illusion . "
tr	6	A short man , he wore round eyeglasses and ill-fitting suits .
tr	9	" Apparently your alarm was lowered because they let me in .
tr	8	He reached out and put a hand on his shoulder as he spoke .
tr	10	To try to get over Finn .
tr	7	I want to fight . "
tr	7	As the falling sky fire died down I sank through the air , landing on the broken ground .
tr	8	While they waited for activity , he admired the skill of the strangers ' move .
tr	6	Against his better opinion , he remained silent and the guards led them away .
tr	8	' Because I have a feeling I 'm going to die . '
tr	9	Waiters dressed in black and white moved in and out of the café like they were in a choreographed dance .
tr	5	Ties and bow ties , belts , scarves , gloves , and cuff links .
tr	7	' And she had her green scarf on today . '
tr	8	" You know , waking up in the 21st century .
tr	5	' Everybody , Richard has a few words . '
tr	6	Aw , hell , Milton , please -- Claire , I said , please go back home .
tr	11	What 're you going to do with him ? "
tr	9	Probably don 't even need to bother planting .
tr	7	Are we even near any water ? "
tr	6	" Indeed , my Prince -- please follow me . "
tr	11	I asked as he continued to flip pages .
tr	8	Mai calls , spinning Rift around in an assumed battle situation .
tr	5	Xavier , Ashley , Yuri and Liana ... they 're all vessels now . "
tr	10	He took a sip , nodding his approval at the strength of the beverage .
tr	8	bloody well and should have he thought for this sort of money .
tr	7	I don 't even know why .
tr	10	" We don 't know how long he 'll be gone . "
tr	10	" No seriously , from what planet did you came ?
tr	9	In the gloom , her face tipped back , and she thrust one arm through the bars of the cage .
tr	11	The father had little to do in raising the children , although he was an interested party .
tr	6	An hour later , though , she grew suspicious of its supposed accuracy .
tr	7	As he gingerly slid the drawer out , Will noticed the red dot on its top left hand corner .
tr	9	When the wind blew , it picked up pieces of grit which stung her face .
tr	6	" And if , by some chance , she still doesn 't remember anything three months down the road ? "
tr	8	Almost losing his balance , he reached for the walls to steady himself .
tr	6	The blanket comes off , and Gabe sits up .
tr	8	" Well what should I call you ? "
tr	5	Chapter 3 Miami , April 1st 2012 The office building was plain and unattractive .
tr	6	" We 're good , family , " David said .
tr	10	I am going to splay you Father !
tr	6	There was a pool table , foosball , pinball machine and a big screen TV with three separate gaming systems .
tr	7	Didn 't see you there , " he said and shut his laptop down .
tr	6	She could feel a difference .
tr	10	They insisted on knowing what happened .
tr	11	He looked farther up the slope where the last of the enemy infantry were still fighting with his men .
tr	6	Avalon turns me on , she ´ s so sexy and nice and good looking and healthy . "
tr	8	There was clumpy grass under him and his heels were resting on a rock .
tr	10	There was a freshness that took his spirit into another place .
tr	11	It would be close enough to get to easily .
tr	7	I glance over at Henderson , and he is sweating , and he 's not smiling .
tr	6	Out of a new instinct , she placed her hands behind her back .
tr	8	They know where everyone is at all times ?
tr	6	" Long live the king , " said Aloysius with a chuckle .
tr	8	You aimed your gun at me and fired but your bullet didn 't kill me .
tr	8	There had been between three hundred and four hundred million people in the United States alone when this modern plague hit .
tr	6	She was all right , Milo was all right , Henry was all right - But Ava wasn 't .
tr	7	He placed his hand on the doorknob and gave it a twist .
tr	7	My mind has been on other matters .
tr	11	We knew that we had to have money to be free .
tr	11	She scrambled away but he grabbed her leg , bringing her closer to the edge .
tr	6	" My name is Paulo , " he said .
tr	9	The reality that my best friend was most likely kidnapped hit me in the gut .
tr	7	Jacob , Logan , and Minister Joseph were thrown next to me .
tr	11	She was surprised to find tears pricking her own eyes .
tr	7	Terrible foreboding images flashed through my brain , scarring me forever .
tr	6	" Yep , kind of weird , though , since we 're not in the Being Nice business either . "
tr	8	He winked outrageously at Simon and let a pink slice of tongue show through his teeth .
tr	7	You 're a kid , there 's no expectation , and you 're not letting me down at all .
tr	9	" May I have permission to do this one flight ?
tr	6	Soon a clean and hairless Kevin ate his first real meal in a year .
tr	11	The people were anxious to get settled again and get decent food in their bellies .
tr	10	There was a pause that made Valerie particularly nervous .
tr	9	" I wouldn 't if I were you , " Mai smirks , glaring at her mischievously .
tr	9	Jacob started at the sound , while Logan and I laughed at the spectacle .
tr	9	Words failed Theodosia for a moment , and she moved her mouth , looking rather like a fish .
tr	11	Andy said as he trotted to catch up .
tr	9	It was almost a year before she finally came to my bed .
tr	9	You 're a joy to sing to . '
tr	8	I 've known her for her entire life and she 's almost like a sister me .
tr	10	he asked , " I 'll tell you all about her .
tr	9	OK , those who can , get some sleep and we 'll see what tomorrow brings . "
tr	10	It was one thing to forgive him .
tr	7	The receptionist laid a hand on my arm but I shook it off .
tr	8	It was the bravest , and possibly stupidest , thing he had ever done in his life .
tr	9	Hiking and biking is all well and good but they want to see more adrenalin .
tr	10	With the paper acting as a barrier of sorts he turned to Andy .
tr	8	When they did resume their course it was like a scene from a nightmare .
tr	10	They 're probably worried I left him dead up there on the roof .
tr	10	He racked his brain , trying to recall , but the answer eluded him .
tr	10	I knew she would 've welcomed it .
tr	7	Whoever was up was still drinking .
tr	8	He kissed the side of my head and whispered , " Oh , yeah . "
tr	10	Your inner Geronimo knows what you want , even if you don 't really know it .
tr	11	' I like ze way you 're thinking Calvin , ' Raphael agreed .
tr	7	" What 's taking so long ? "
tr	6	After a few bites , he balled up the paper sack and ate that , too .
tr	11	The boys became somewhat alarmed when they heard how the city was guarded .
tr	11	" I don 't know how to work your camera and I need the pictures of that intersection . "
tr	6	She had some clothes , she liked , and they were simple and inconspicuous .
tr	10	It was no longer a phrase to be thrown around lightly .
tr	9	She had helped him put on his old plastic legs again .
tr	5	He and Kali shared a volatile , on-again , off-again relationship .
tr	10	He slapped her again so that she fell on her backside .
tr	8	If the price of this silence is so much then consider yourself a shadow of the streets ! "
tr	6	" No , the locals are usually pretty quiet , " Hamish answered .
tr	5	Of course , with this one such a lot is known . '
tr	5	For a second no one could speak .
tr	7	William held the display for her to see .
tr	7	The blond girl gave me an apologetic look , but the terror in her eyes hadn 't lessened one bit .
tr	9	She waited for him to go on .
tr	10	The wooden support beams that held up the house ran from the attic down to the basement .
tr	7	They woke in the morning before the sun rose .
tr	9	Guess I 'll find out .
tr	8	They had been repulsed -- the Kindred had bought time at least .
tr	6	Keeps you going , huh ?
tr	6	* Chapter 63 As a mass , the rats had been an easy target .
tr	8	He tried to correct us .
tr	11	I assume he still wants to kill me .
tr	9	Who was going to unlock her secret and when ?
tr	11	Do they have prisons for kids ? "
tr	10	" It is very easy to envision overthrowing a kingdom when there is no direct heir . "
tr	10	But I guess that 's another sign of the times .
tr	11	When they finally did manage to get there , he became tender in his love .
tr	8	She had to stand up .
tr	9	" Come in ... I 'm just finishing a story for the Moscow news tonight . "
tr	7	Brunei can wait for the time being . "
tr	9	" Your ability to jump to the furthest conclusion is astounding .
tr	8	' Is there an exit at the back ? '
tr	8	He 's been a worthless piece of shite from the beginning .
tr	7	One of them took his pistol and they moved to the shelter airlock .
tr	11	He found a small hill where he could get a good view of the situation .
tr	7	Maggie went up to her car behind the farmhouse and got her camera and tripod .
tr	9	He was the picture of a successful business man , a wealthy and urbane gentleman .
tr	11	He hesitated , " And I don 't know if I should show you .
tr	8	He spoke to those cops remaining and clapped them on the back .
tr	7	Her weight sagged against him , so weak she could barely protest .
tr	10	We found enough heavy duty extension cords to reach from the generator 's batteries to the boat .
tr	6	" Okay , you two , " Hal said in a timeworn voice .
tr	7	Rafe was silent for a moment .
tr	6	Joseph 's dads probably organized a big hoopla , not too different from my own .
tr	11	" Tell me , boy , what has happened to Sven . "
tr	10	People stood up from the floor and from chairs and started to shuffle out of the room .
tr	5	" Your records merely imply -- " " Whatever , " I said .
tr	9	" No pretending to work on my laptop like all the other idiots on the flight .
tr	10	Rafe stood , tucked the dagger into his belt , and walked to where the horses grazed peacefully .
tr	6	The place reminded me of a ski chalet , with its cathedral ceiling and stone fireplace .
tr	8	The possibility had occurred to me , yes . "
tr	8	You know , maybe I 'll move into the West Midlands at some point .
tr	9	I guess it could be worse , though . "
tr	5	Oh Allah , help me !
tr	7	He yanked her to her feet , rebound her hands behind her back , and marched her across the clearing .
tr	7	They talked casually among themselves on various topics , nothing more than idle chitchat .
tr	10	Advise when ready to copy . "
tr	11	Were those the same clothes she wore when I visited her with Malcolm ?
tr	8	I felt my blood grow cold .
tr	9	" What do you call a man in the water with no arms or legs ? "
tr	6	The instructions said nothing about these features .
tr	10	I wondered if I 'd see my friend from the gastropub yesterday .
tr	11	" I want you to make me a fly reservation from Heraklion city .
tr	9	I wanted to send a quick text to Stephen King .
tr	7	" Excuse me , " Dave interrupted , " but do you know where this guy actually is . "
tr	9	" After speaking to you yesterday I fell ill and my eye became swollen . "
tr	10	He had the strange feeling that he had been here before and he knew the way home .
tr	5	For some unknown reason , I felt tired and worn out .
tr	6	" You and me both , " Brandon agreed , then added , " But there is one thing . "
tr	7	The battery was probably dead , but it was worth a try .
tr	8	I grunted as debris hit the cable .
tr	10	" It 's just that I 'm hungry , and you -- " I say and then stop .
tr	9	Larger square cakes were in the shape of cottages , and it was all for me .
tr	11	Or maybe it was my mom who would be doing the killing .
tr	9	A glance at the floor revealed the source of the ungodly stink .
tr	6	" After the operation , " she said , " Peter was there for me in every way .
tr	11	I only intend to educate you on the function of my crystal memory interface . "
tr	7	" Do you know where my mom is ?
tr	8	The woman looked up at that , but there was a screech from one of the neighboring cells .
tr	7	Gentlemen , the table is now open to discussion .
tr	10	I looked around to see where I was .
tr	9	He needed time to think about that .
tr	11	Aren 't you gon na invite me in ? "
tr	11	The man sailed backwards , letting loose a foul curse before staring up at us .
tr	10	He sounded like he was talking to a stranger .
tr	8	At least a dozen technicians were at work at stations around the room .
tr	9	There is something black and sticky tangled in the shag carpet fibers near my knee .
tr	7	he said with a grunt and wrapped his arms around me .
tr	8	" None have dared oppose the High King , " the idol said .
tr	8	He sang songs and recited poems to Andy ; some good , same bad , some rude but mostly funny .
tr	7	Eva broke from my touch and wrapped the other woman in an embrace .
tr	9	She placed a calming hand on Nathan 's shoulder , " I know , and that 's not what I mean .
tr	8	Shaking his head both at her and at himself , Cade followed her out .
tr	6	A few years ago Ancora was a thriving seaport and mostly a peaceful and safe town .
tr	6	Benny played and sang , one song , then another and another , until the last soldier disappeared from view .
tr	11	I wondered briefly whether I had crossed their territory in some way and involuntarily brought myself to their attention once more .
tr	9	When she stopped and looked back at him Scott could see the " Well ? "
tr	5	Finley finally realized it , sighed deeply , and muttered , " Fine .
tr	10	A strange giddiness crept over her and she had to keep herself from smiling .
tr	11	The sweat that had formed on Seth 's forehead now began streaming in rivulets down his face and into his eyes .
tr	8	Another man screamed , running into Roberto .
tr	10	And he thought she was interested in Mark - as a boyfriend .
tr	8	The recipient of Ainsworth 's grin was younger , taller , and normally composed .
tr	8	" The last of them were flown out about twenty minutes ago , my Laird . "
tr	8	William will be famous , just like you .
tr	7	Still bobbing in the pool , I glanced at my surroundings .
tr	6	" Captain Drake , aren 't you a slippery fellow , " an effeminate voice remarks .
tr	6	Chapter 26 For three days the men , Marta , the elves , and the dwarves feasted .
tr	9	" Wouldn 't air be the counter of earth ? "
tr	9	Mai instructs , the skeleton in an obvious state of weakness .
tr	6	At home , I liked the verbal commands , but here at work , I used the keyboard .
tr	10	I can feel them beginning to stir .
tr	11	" Yes , " she sighs , seeming to want to change the subject .
tr	8	She stumbled and almost fell , checked in her headlong stride .
tr	9	She opened it like a small pouch and tapped the contents into one of the wine glasses .
tr	5	Gabe smiles again his sad smile .
tr	9	If I were a real spy with any good instincts , words would have slipped out and cooled him off .
tr	10	" You told me last time we met , that time down in Columbia .
tr	11	" Do you think he 's alright ? "
tr	9	So much for having a good time -- - until I found the booze .
tr	7	She cleared it two more times , and he moved it up again .
tr	7	Why would they want to murder Jolie ?
tr	11	He had even taught Scarborough before they had gotten themselves into this predicament .
tr	7	I fiddled with the menu and sipped my latte .
tr	8	" Let 's get down to business .
tr	7	Sitting back in his comfortable chair , Mark stretched his arms about his head and yawned .
tr	8	Why are you so gloomy , mopey , and depressing lately ? "
tr	11	A moment later she shook her head and said that wasn 't what bothered her most .
tr	9	At the moment he was willing to help her .
tr	10	Or at the very least that is what he believed them to be .
tr	11	Max said he wanted to give up .
tr	7	Barbara stopped smiling , and she looked at Mana for a long moment .
tr	10	And with that both mothers jumped up and down clapping their hands like two small children .
tr	11	It wasn 't the crushing kiss she had braced for and it unnerved her .
tr	5	To my beta readers , editors and proof readers , a huge thank you .
tr	9	Vivian , what are you doing ? "
tr	9	Simon was excited about the possibility of a new lead .
tr	10	" You sound like you 've done it before ? "
tr	5	No more words were necessary .
tr	10	The other was someone she loved named Scott .
tr	7	Uncle Jeff began to explain .
tr	6	Come on , come on , just pick up the phone .
tr	11	the man screamed out as he struggled to remain upright .
tr	6	" Is this a school ? "
tr	7	Finally , Bradley shouted from his bed , " Hi John , is that you ? "
tr	10	Damian , we will talk tomorrow when you will be sober . "
tr	6	For my sister and me , the openness of our family became something ingrained in our brains .
tr	7	The wave crashed into everything in its path and pushed it backwards away from me in a rush .
tr	8	A scattering of rough-hewn buildings dotted the path in front of us .
tr	10	" I know you hate me , but I will not let you to ignore me again .
tr	9	" Or when you first asked -- " He kissed me again , then pulled away , leaving me breathless .
tr	6	" There 's an electrical fire up there , " whispered Frank .
tr	7	" This is very big news , " said Tsubasa looking down and avoiding eye contact .
tr	7	It looked like a relic from the sixties ... ... an ex-military Champion .
tr	9	The prince 's eyes practically blazed when he looked at her .
tr	5	At this point , my vote is either tumor or space alien testing .
tr	8	She would pick several baskets of corn .
tr	8	Seal it back up for me please .
tr	11	Harrison swung open the doors to reveal several swords hanging from hooks .
tr	10	He reached up to his earpiece to signal the Colonel .
tr	11	' It appears to have a great deal of influence with Heads of States on both sides of the Atlantic . '
tr	6	Her only brother was dead , her only sister already married to Agamemnon in Mycenae .
tr	9	The young woman that came to the inn , though , had not come to drink .
tr	9	He got closer to me , he told me that he likes me and the of course , he kissed me .
tr	6	He 's leaving the park . "
tr	11	It was one of the most reassuring sounds I 'd ever heard .
tr	5	" And a hottie too .
tr	10	Suzi grabbed his hand , looked at him and smiled as she led him to the stairs .
tr	11	" He took a new name and citizenship when he became the head of this state . "
tr	8	His uncle 's reedy Arabic , whimpering words in the public square .
tr	11	He stood up slowly holding his arm and looked at his attacker who was closer now .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	6	" Luckily , Colin , you have a huge house , " Scarlett put in , always of assistance .
tr	7	" My apologies , Chancellor , Admiral Drake and your daughter have arrived , " a soft female voice explains .
tr	11	She had to wait on board for him .
tr	11	They were a little embarrassed but tried not to let it weaken their pride .
tr	8	The Prince looked at the big man , taking in his appearance .
tr	8	His plans were progressing exactly as planned and he was one step closer to his ultimate objective .
tr	8	The two treaded water as Jeff pulled the sack of wedges from his back and handed it to Jenny .
tr	9	" I am Byron , captain of the royal guard , " he introduced himself .
tr	6	" Well , one thing at a time .
tr	11	The inscription was still clear though , all loops and curls and thick lines that trailed into nothing .
tr	11	I asked still trying to stay on my feet .
tr	7	The Hunter licked his lips and paused for breath .
tr	11	As he ate he made a decision to follow the old woman and not stick to the trail .
tr	11	She received a message from John asking her to meet with Alan .
tr	7	" Thank you sir , " said Logan , extending a calling card .
tr	10	" Who cares if stuff is in order ? "
tr	10	A third man stooped slightly and she was draped over his right shoulder not unlike a sack of grain .
tr	7	" Okay , " she mumbled , still confused from the long sleep .
tr	10	He could not believe that Iris did something like that .
tr	7	On the high walls there were oval stained glass windows , each depicting similar scenes of ancient transportation motifs .
tr	8	" Rick ... in this part of the world money buys anything .
tr	6	The warehouse door screeched open , and everyone looked .
tr	9	Playing for about a hour a day was their daily routine .
tr	8	The site of Valerian 's naked body added flame to the fire of her rage .
tr	9	" I wonder what 's for dinner ? "
tr	6	" Aside from that , weird flower suddenly appeared on the midair . "
tr	10	Things are coming together the way I wanted them to .
tr	8	They had survived the previous year 's battles , and were well seasoned in their trade .
tr	9	Women had come into the corridor behind them .
tr	7	" This particular corset and skirt are woven with bullet proof cloth .
tr	5	" Oh , God , I can 't , " he moaned .
tr	11	How such a weakling could come from the bloodline of Tomas Godard -- ' He stopped abruptly .
tr	8	" Here we are , " Jimmy announced , putting the truck in park .
tr	7	Pine needles still stung their bodies as emaciated trees shed their last branches .
tr	5	" I do kiss random guys ... usually teenage boys .
tr	11	He lifted his hand to push a strand of Adele 's hair back from her face .
tr	7	She was completely alone -- away from Shimmer , away from her family and friends , away from home .
tr	10	And still , knowing this , he slowly turned his horse to begin the path down the mountain .
tr	6	" - Hey you , " an old man called out behind us .
tr	6	Rafe grappled mightily within himself .
tr	10	Do you smell like him ? "
tr	11	" You have to believe that he is real . "
tr	8	" The crystal has power untold when in connection with the cane .
tr	11	I managed to get away without him knowing " , replied Simon eagerly .
tr	10	We have swept through the lands of our enemies and crushed their homeland . "
tr	7	he asked " Lovely , " I replied in pleasant tone .
tr	9	Brand winced as she hacked off the hands , then the legs , and finally , the feet .
tr	9	On the sand I trembled of cold , Abby was sleeping on Lars 's laps and with her legs on mines .
tr	7	" I already saw one by Freddie from Isis House , " Tori told them .
tr	8	" Why hasn 't anyone ever asked about me and my family ? "
tr	6	Or maybe there 's nothing out there at all , and this is just the Veils causing trouble . "
tr	8	Black shapes of their own law and element whip about like tentacles as the darkness grows even larger .
tr	11	" I 'm assuming you don 't mean a shoulder covering . "
tr	7	Neil increased the distance between them .
tr	10	Think about what happened to them .
tr	6	Drawers opened in the kitchen .
tr	8	" Waiting for Colonel Sinclair , Colonel , " he said looking back straight into those big green eyes .
tr	9	The thought of Bigfoot running after him through the forest would haunt his dreams for years to come .
tr	10	Or dishes soaking to be cleaned ?
tr	7	And then released it anonymously to every television station , news agency , and web blog I could think of .
tr	8	To Connor 's surprise someone was waiting for him by his towel when he got out of the water .
tr	8	The horse moved toward the center of the ring .
tr	8	He still did not have any feeling or control from his pelvis down .
tr	8	He took the bottle of red wine and open it , pouring in glasses .
tr	7	Runs good but the gears are too low for use anywhere but out here on the farm . "
tr	7	Having men at your back , at least , grants us some peace of mind . "
tr	9	They are going to beat me again .
tr	11	Do you know what that means ? "
tr	11	He wanted to understand what had just happened .
tr	7	" Lincoln was a captain in the Black Hawk War . "
tr	10	I pressed myself against him and turned my face upward , stretching as high as I could .
tr	5	" Just pay attention , OK ? "
tr	6	Riki strained her neck and screwed up her eyes .
tr	9	The earliest house he could remember his family living in was inside an Air Force base .
tr	8	That 's travelling for you , I guess . "
tr	8	The scientist threw up his arms as a sign of surrender .
tr	10	The noise was constant , the smell of cooking all pervading .
tr	11	She had called him Finan , Finn , bestowing upon him trust and a tentative friendship .
tr	8	By the time he could legally drive a car , his gun running had grown to six boats and 12 employees .
tr	9	They began to grow bright red then burst into flame .
tr	8	He guessed this person was a servant .
tr	7	There was , however , the unpleasant smell of smoke and steam from the wet charred stud wood .
tr	10	" Aw , I am terrible sorry that I called you on your full name .
tr	10	You realise you will never get away with this .
tr	10	Adele continued to watch him , her expression the same .
tr	9	Do you have a minute ? "
tr	10	She vowed to find a Mountain Warehouse or whatever at the next decent-sized town she came to .
tr	5	Museums , art galleries , various shops , boating and fishing rentals all lined the quaint streets .
tr	8	Her brood watched from under darkened brows -- would She cast him down ?
tr	7	We went back to hunting angels , and he was relentless .
tr	11	" Must be disappointed that it 's past 9 p.m. already , " John figured .
tr	9	" It is clear you do not understand .
tr	7	I raised the blankets up to my nose and a slight smile grew on my face .
tr	9	Today was the best she could get .
tr	10	A guard yanked on the cuffs around his wrists , checking if his arms were secured .
tr	6	' Oh , there 's no rush , ' the immortal said calmly .
tr	10	Nero looked up at the hole in the ceiling to see Starbuck and Wert drop through .
tr	11	" There are going to be a lot of people here very soon . "
tr	9	" I 'm going to check inside .
tr	5	" Yes , " Lilly Ann was not too forthcoming yet .
tr	10	Why make something that is worthless ?
tr	11	Fate seemed to have a strange sense of humor he told himself .
tr	11	" Do you think Jori told them ? "
tr	6	" I will take the bitch ! "
tr	8	Something you could eat - right after you ripped it out of a man 's chest .
tr	8	Most of the Creek braves stayed behind to defend the village .
tr	8	As the four men reached the entrance to the small tavern , Destro turned and held up his hand .
tr	6	This is one strange dream , " David said out loud .
tr	8	" Are you ok kid ? "
tr	7	She returned her attention to him and quickly twisted off the diamond engagement ring and platinum wedding band .
tr	10	He 'd have to explain to her .
tr	8	He 'd never had this happen before .
tr	9	He gave a slight shake of the head , his mouth a tight mask , the bearer of bad news .
tr	7	" I really can 't tell , it 's getting so dark ... " " Well , check for sure .
tr	10	" I will brief you further as I know more . "
tr	8	" All right , " Stacy said and threw her necklace in the middle too .
tr	10	It 's not as pretty as the one Neil Armstrong left on the lunar surface . "
tr	7	Me being one of his favorite students .
tr	11	Alejo saw Benjamin shake his head , face unreadable as usual , hand pointing the gun steady .
tr	7	" Think of it as a work assignment , " Conor added , apparently as an afterthought .
tr	9	There are things I may not understand .
tr	8	All eyes were fixated on the woman and the captain .
tr	8	I thought this was weird .
tr	6	Dark shapes moved in between the trees .
tr	10	He was probably the last person she wanted in her debt .
tr	5	They represented all genders , sizes , ages and races .
tr	8	Trae began to feel uneasy .
tr	11	" They 'd rather take their chances with the desert than you , anyways , " Jimmy almost growled .
tr	9	She still believed he would show up alive .
tr	7	" You hide behind the flower too much , " Alaric 's snarl turns up into a cruel , twisted smile .
tr	8	-- brightening the moonlight so they needed no lantern .
tr	9	" What are you going to do now ? "
tr	9	Who could be bothered to ?
tr	6	His fingers pushed deep inside , thumb flicking my hard nub , and with a strangled cry I came hard .
tr	7	" She loved those elves .
tr	6	Many of my close friends worked for G.M. .
tr	8	The two leaned back in awe as the powerful vessel surged ahead .
tr	11	She added with a laugh slapping her backside , " Bring it on kiddo , fatten me up . "
tr	5	A girl after my own heart , Anna Valmont had a quick reply .
tr	6	She was gorgeous , early forties , soft brown skin , beautiful sad eyes , long legs , and tight jeans .
tr	6	Ted was pretty fast , but could he be fast enough ?
tr	9	Dane turned to him , " Lieutenant Jennings has turned the company over to me . "
tr	9	" Did they say what they were looking for ? "
tr	9	Questions burned within all of our hearts as we raced along through the shade .
tr	7	" Self-control is the lady 's primary weapon , " their mother said under her breath to Kali .
tr	8	At the checkpoint , a royal guard approached the carriage 's window , and Joseph leaned out , speaking first .
tr	9	You too lucky charms , " he concludes , lazily lifting a hand as he departs .
tr	10	' He was staying at their farm until I returned to Zurich . '
tr	10	They opened to Alejo crossing the space between them tentatively , then offering a hand in greeting .
tr	8	" Not for a couple of days .
tr	9	The smile doesn 't linger on his face , and I notice new , darker shades pulsing in his aura .
tr	10	" By allowing me to love you , " he said without thought .
tr	9	A shorter staircase to his left leads to a large room full of fallen pillars and overgrown plants .
tr	10	Landon walked behind her , glaring at the foliage and gripping the pommel of his sword .
tr	11	In the subsequent months , the man had been put on trial for murder , treason , and several other counts .
tr	7	Angelique is on her last legs , we have shelter here and it is practically dusk .
tr	7	Faint explosions from above punctuated the end of his statement .
tr	5	And the palace , or at least fortress is still there .
tr	9	" But ... , " replied Archie , not ready to give up .
tr	8	The walls were covered in tapestries , and there were woven rugs on the uneven flagged floor .
tr	8	Her spine stiffened , which slowed her horse .
tr	9	I had operatives waiting at Trans Central station , but after the city was evacuated Kron had to ... improvise .
tr	6	The city drew men and women from the four winds .
tr	11	But the slash along my arm from the rusted bar in the great hall 's pipe was throbbing too .
tr	7	As Simon stood up , a wave of bullets showered the surrounding area .
tr	7	" Why have you been following me ? "
tr	8	Rick thought he sensed a pattern here .
tr	6	He squares his shoulders and stretches out his hand .
tr	9	The only thing they haven 't done is blame any specific unit , " she looked down at her hands .
tr	5	" High standards , " I chime in .
tr	9	" NET had raised Toby in a lab someplace for the first six years of his life .
tr	7	By the twin gods of truth , I swear it ! "
tr	8	A dream for one can be a dream for all . "
tr	6	" Come , boy , don 't be such a spitfire .
tr	6	" Yeah , well , as I was saying , " Jason continued with a rough glance at Bella .
tr	7	There 's no trace of active disease . '
tr	7	Too fucking bad for him .
tr	8	" I am at home here , " she answered in Malay , " more at home than in England .
tr	6	" If they are , it 's probably for our own good . "
tr	9	An answering volley scorched a series of cracks in the rooftop five feet from where we hunkered down .
tr	9	To be loved like that was her one goal .
tr	7	I offered my own bow in return and wrung the man 's beefy hand .
tr	7	" Simon , " Barbara said , " do sit down . "
tr	5	I am tired and wet and numb .
tr	9	It was good that they had found these kind lads .
tr	9	What you had to learn .
tr	9	Since when is your status ' in a relationship ' ? "
tr	8	" Yes ... what happened ... why can 't I move ? "
tr	8	You have until then to get your results . "
tr	9	Our carriage clipped up dirt and gravel as its wheels cascaded down the worn path .
tr	9	That one of you up to your knees in the mud would be cool . "
tr	11	Please don 't make this , " she starts , desperate to appeal to him .
tr	10	She sees that she is on the deck plates and the room is dim .
tr	11	" Okey , " he added with a baby voice , quoting the reply of the girl in the tree .
tr	5	" Oh , no , not so fast , " her mother grabs her arm .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	10	Now it was Ben who was in danger .
tr	10	" I 've been trying to reach you all morning , honey .
tr	11	said Benjamin , " What do you have in mind , my dear ? "
tr	10	Red Talon was anxious to get back and to see Three Baskets .
tr	6	" Yes , I 'm Adria , " I say , " And your name is ? "
tr	9	" Actually , that 's not really what happened to us .
tr	8	Connor thought of his home in England and the forests he grew up in .
tr	6	Yet Toby 's vision was reddening , and his left eye was almost blind .
tr	9	Archie was still peering at the man on the bike .
tr	10	" It was better you got to me first . "
tr	10	" It sounds like your girlfriend is getting on okay . "
tr	7	The nice man , my father , took me to river , and we swam in it .
tr	10	The dragon reared back on its hind legs , shrinking down to the form of an elderly , white-haired black man .
tr	7	I let him in , but he pauses at the threshold .
tr	5	Karen Webber , and possibly -- probably the other two women were murdered .
tr	7	GG stuck the first solder in the neck with his large bush knife and the man crumpled to the ground .
tr	6	Hank grinned , replied succinctly , " In a pinch , right .
tr	8	Consider this as part of your spy driver training module ! "
tr	10	" Do you mind if we keep it ? "
tr	7	The horses resumed pulling , the carriage lurched forward and they eased down the hill and trundled along the road .
tr	8	cried Avery , for this was the first communications he 'd had in about a hundred years .
tr	5	" Good morning gentlemen , " said Nathan .
tr	8	Now the men sat by the fire in the roar of the river .
tr	9	Project your thoughts while thinking about me .
tr	8	No need to hide the camp , just hide our tracks from here . "
tr	5	Three dragon shifters , two centaurs , two male sirens and a vampire .
tr	10	" I 'm going back to the office to work on the new route . "
tr	6	Joe let out a long sigh , then coughed some more , spitting blood .
tr	6	But as he walked , he felt a tug on his heart for the young thief .
tr	6	' You 're alive , ' I said simply .
tr	11	Try to urge Shimmer to come home .
tr	6	" The haze is gone , Mr. Clancy . "
tr	11	Could there be other histories that had been tampered with ?
tr	7	Before he went too far , a voice stopped him .
tr	6	" So many , many , things ... " She opened five drawers before she found the apron . "
tr	8	The ships had been nothing more than a dark smudge on the horizon .
tr	8	Wan na go back right now ?
tr	7	He steered the wheel to the left and parked slowly the car on some rocks , stopping the engine .
tr	9	It passed over my shoulder and hit Mr. Show Off right where I shot him .
tr	9	I 'll be out of your hair , " he replied .
tr	8	I locked my arms against the sides of pipe , lodging my body firmly .
tr	7	" What time does that train go past the house ? "
tr	6	Rushing upstairs , I heard the piercing , heart-wrenching cry again .
tr	6	" Button up , " his mother said .
tr	10	Andy screamed as loud as he could above the noise .
tr	9	" By ' north ' what do you mean , Honduras , Guatemala ... where ? "
tr	8	" Well , we 'd better get a move on then , " Ted smiled .
tr	7	They were tattooed about the shoulders , chest and back with individual designs .
tr	9	" You 're going to keep that ? "
tr	11	' Natasha has your aircraft got a make-up mirror ? '
tr	11	I thought you 'd be proud of her . "
tr	7	His arms bulged and lengthened , into matching appendages .
tr	7	Neil waited by the horse 's head , checking his watch frequently .
tr	9	It was immediately apparent that she had made the right choice .
tr	7	Burdens enough for us all .
tr	9	I found a deserted spot at the edge of the airfield and practised with the swords under the rising moon .
tr	7	Opening his mind 's eye to this process , Cole immediately saw the room in an altogether different light .
tr	7	" Such as one person buying an entire litter of puppies .
tr	11	Do you really want me to die ? "
tr	7	Eventually -- and it probably isn 't so long , really -- I am lying on my side panting .
tr	8	Taylor 's eyes lit up at the sight of the unexpected treasure .
tr	11	Claire swore under her breath , conscious of Josh grinning behind her .
tr	6	" He knew too much , " he told the startled sergeant .
tr	8	The driver whispers to himself , " We had him .
tr	5	Gabe 's voice loses its strength .
tr	8	Maybe he could just give some poor gringo directions and put an end to this .
tr	8	Rafe groaned again , digging his fingers into his scalp .
tr	9	He turned right and pulled into a spot against the heavy concrete wall .
tr	10	Men who had trusted in him .
tr	6	' It 's just a dream , ' he thought to himself .
tr	11	For endless seconds he remained silent until he felt Adele 's soft hand cover his own .
tr	10	I helped my Dad put that up years ago , " Ted replied .
tr	7	He slapped her and dropped her on the deck .
tr	8	She decided she had no choice .
tr	10	The river side of the village was the only way to escape for the Creeks .
tr	9	They walked at a steady , slow plod for nearly an hour .
tr	8	They continued through it , though the wind was unbearable .
tr	6	The wraith 's voice was still a whisper , " I need your help . "
tr	9	On the bank were signs that a lone canoe had been beached .
tr	10	I don 't like everything you do ; I just like swimming ! "
tr	11	My eyes widened as I glanced from the complex information on the monitor to Anna 's pale face .
tr	7	" What shall we do now , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	6	" Did you kill the angel ? "
tr	8	The Faith set about righting these problems .
tr	6	A few tense moments later , Mitchell , body sweating and twitchy , edged into the room .
tr	6	His hands clench into fists .
tr	8	" Let 's simply wake the whole palace !
tr	6	Because of her I can fulfil my dreams .
tr	6	All the way down the list he announced , " Ignition on , check . "
tr	7	Smiling , she says , " Certainly , Sir , " as she walks out and closes the door behind her .
tr	8	Are you holding it all inside ? "
tr	5	Alejo fought a sour expression .
tr	10	Being so close to the ground , however , meant that they were breathing in the noxious fumes .
tr	6	His flesh hung like rags on his skeleton .
tr	10	The players seemed to sharing the most insignificant and irrelevant pleasantries with each other .
tr	9	There were easier ways to find firewood .
tr	8	We use it in the military for training simulations .
tr	10	The only movement that didn 't hurt was blinking , and that may have just been relative to everything else .
tr	7	As she did , Eduardo 's gaze followed her hand , and his mouth opened into a round " O " .
tr	11	She must have been halfway up the stairs when the phone rang .
tr	6	It 's definitely not in our book ! "
tr	7	Wait , we need to talk ! "
tr	6	" I never saw a wedding , " Gage glances over and gives a mischievous half-smile .
tr	7	Maybe tomorrow after we rest and eat , but not today .
tr	9	Thank gods he 's alive .
tr	7	Being fed and rested certainly helped .
tr	9	Well what you want to do ?
tr	8	She says she knows you .
tr	7	He quickly let her go .
tr	9	' Get me something from that lab , ' she said in a low voice .
tr	9	They protected the citizens under their care while gathering food , water , and needed medical care .
tr	8	It had been warm in the church and seemed even warmer outside .
tr	10	I 've seen Fiona in action so I wouldn 't buy it . "
tr	8	It made him resentful to the whole absurd idea all over again .
tr	8	The memory came back to him , unbidden , and he was once more nauseated .
tr	5	" This is indeed a fine drink . "
tr	9	Looking chastened , the man named Fletcher stood slowly and crossed his massive arms .
tr	8	Too much going on and he was stuck in this goddamn chair .
tr	9	He danced back , a look of surprise on his face .
tr	6	Later , she lit the cook stove and made the tea .
tr	9	" I 've already asked her , " he replied , " she said it would be okay . "
tr	11	All I remember was the continued effort to survive in an unkind and untamed wilderness .
tr	10	" Victoria , " said William , " We have your father to thank for that interface too . "
tr	8	They looked just like sticks of gum .
tr	11	Prepare to die you ass kissing midden slug .
tr	8	My family wanted to take him out ?
tr	6	Apparently the body 's out there somewhere , these must be all the members . "
tr	10	He could only hope the feeling would fade , once they were away from this place .
tr	11	There was little he could do for the next few days .
tr	8	Fischer was roughly ten meters closer to the bow than he was .
tr	8	The pain in her head and body is dominating most of her senses .
tr	10	I knew exactly how this would look to the police .
tr	11	Miriam padded off , starting to feel like a detective .
tr	5	Finally , after all this time , he was a mortal man again .
tr	9	The evolution had taken just over two seconds per degree .
tr	8	Dawn was just starting to break .
tr	8	Olmec brought his other hand from behind his and displayed a small gold vessel .
tr	5	" Yeah , I know , you have a good heart .
tr	10	' You know those guitars you made ?
tr	7	" Are you all right , " Taylor was getting a bit concerned .
tr	10	The very air around your body will compromise your position if you cannot control your aura . "
tr	6	" Might just be all this clean living , " Melody replied .
tr	9	I know you were in an impossible situation .
tr	6	The katana hissed through the air with a silken sound .
tr	10	The violet light began to grow dappled with orange .
tr	6	Then just as quickly , the rumbling stopped , and there were no more sounds .
tr	7	Going on previous experience , spooky secret passages never led anywhere as boring or as safe as wine cellars .
tr	9	Nathan sensed she was right , but inwardly cringed .
tr	11	" Have you thought about what I said , Viv ? "
tr	11	Going back to finish at MIT was now out of the question , so without thought , he drifted back home .
tr	6	' In the current circumstances , the world ends next year , " Antonia corrected him , proudly .
tr	11	Although I 'm not sure she 'd be willing to take something like that .
tr	8	Captain Erik moved to open it .
tr	7	He put the folded packet into his breast pocket and left the room .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	10	Have to be gentle with her .
tr	9	She was rewarded with a few chuckles from the class .
tr	6	" So , " he said , " we 're going home . "
tr	10	" Yeah , " he nods , tumbling back into the recesses of his mind .
tr	7	In the opposite direction were three other rooms , but the four men cared little for the people staying in those .
tr	11	My mouth opened , unable to say reply him .
tr	8	" A talking greyhound , " Mana repeated , listening with full attention .
tr	8	I think Tate is right .
tr	10	' I never imagined that you of all people would betray us so , ' he said softly .
tr	8	I said , voicing the unspoken question in the air .
tr	8	I fixed breakfast ; we sat in the cabin and ate .
tr	11	My suit was ruined now from the mud and cement dust on the floor of the van .
tr	7	The terror of it had stalked through their dreams since earliest childhood .
tr	9	He exclaims , jumping to his feet and quickly putting his sad thoughts out of mind .
tr	11	The bearded man burst from the room and ran out of the building , almost knocking her over as he left .
tr	11	Important to strike while the iron 's hot .
tr	7	He pushed the plate of cookies closer .
tr	6	Her body wasn 't salvageable but her father discovered her brain and a few other parts were .
tr	10	The intestinal cramps from a diet too heavy with citrus and too little bread had weakened his legs .
tr	11	" I 'm going to catch you in my teeth and crush you , Toothpick ! "
tr	6	' Yes , ' I replied with a curt nod .
tr	6	However , his face stayed just at the level " nice " .
tr	10	They were born in it , and they expected to die in it .
tr	9	She began to move towards the door .
tr	5	Halfway across the attackers , the big gun went silent .
tr	7	The door is kicked off its hinges , and the man enters her father 's chambers .
tr	6	I could not , however , fathom the why .
tr	9	The others are dead , shredded as if by a hundred arrows . "
tr	7	The room got quiet for a moment and then one of the mayors spoke from the back .
tr	10	And I thought they were safe with you .
tr	10	But given you 're only a three-piece any line-up changes will inevitably cause upset .
tr	9	If they needed the lock doors to open , they could deal with that issue later .
tr	8	The cairn had collapsed over the years and was now just a pile of rubble .
tr	5	With light steps , I headed down the narrow hallway .
tr	7	I shifted in my restricted confines and remained silent .
tr	7	Behind him , he heard a low , dangerous growl , and he froze immediately .
tr	6	" There 's no more , " the barkeep rasped , his voice trembling .
tr	5	Four hours late , as far as I 'm concerned . "
tr	6	Up ahead , several yards away , he spotted a boulder for protection .
tr	9	Our carriage raced up to a gate along the street , the only opening through the massive perimeter fence .
tr	8	I mentally ticked the box ' give a solo aerobatic display ' .
tr	7	" Sir , several riots have broken out in the evacuation sites .
tr	8	I heard a gasp of shock travel through the carriage from its panic-stricken passengers .
tr	6	His bad arm , broken and bleeding , hadn 't given up .
tr	9	I tapped a finger on the cover of the late professor 's journal .
tr	11	I 'm going to start with your toenails and work my way up . "
tr	5	" For the main dish , we prepared a zucchini boat .
tr	7	" Well , I 'll be damned , " he said .
tr	10	She well knew that he disliked the confines of a chair at any time .
tr	5	" This one still remains , " answered the bandit leader .
tr	11	" You mean they killed all of them , men , women and children ? "
tr	11	Another sign on the road told them they were only a mile from the town of Louisa , Kentucky .
tr	5	" Well , we probably are , " she shrugged her shoulders .
tr	11	They might just be able to do it with our own soldiers . "
tr	9	" Unlike yourself , we don 't have slaves in Ireland , " Brendan said .
tr	5	Against his arm , Riki sighed and shifted .
tr	6	" Oh , he 's very little , " Mary remarked with a motherly look in her eyes .
tr	9	At the turn Tony was up by a couple of shots on the rest of them .
tr	7	Suddenly and without warning , she caught a flash of movement behind Lilith .
tr	5	" Yes , we will , " I said and grinned .
tr	10	" Just a little wound up , I guess , because of what happened to Mr. Donovan . "
tr	10	He rubbed the tip of his hooked nose , trying to restore circulation .
tr	11	" Are you sure you didn 't come down with something serious ? "
tr	9	The woman was warmly dressed in a velour tracksuit , hoodie and wore white trainers .
tr	7	Don 't forget your the CO. .
tr	8	Andy opened up the front of his school blazer a little , exposing the Talisman slightly .
tr	8	I could be relaxed about this too .
tr	7	As quietly as he could , he unwound himself from the sheets and got out of bed .
tr	10	" There 's no bloody way this is a coincidence , " the Commander was truly pissed .
tr	6	At some point , while she slept , her aunt and everyone else on Flight 29 had disappeared .
tr	6	It became flat and monotone , void of any feeling or emotion .
tr	9	Now she could not look at the smirk on his face .
tr	10	It took until dawn to even make it back to Di Luca 's home .
tr	10	He releases his hold on the ship and tumbles backward into space , end over end .
tr	9	The contrast was maddening , but there would be no escape from the quandary .
tr	10	The silence was shattered as he started up the two Pratt and Whitney engines .
tr	5	At this point new Scripture and old tradition touched and ignited .
tr	8	other than the Chinaman 's driver ... ... couldn 't be helped .
tr	8	" Sorry , I 'm getting ahead of myself I guess .
tr	6	Alejo was still frowning darkly .
tr	6	" Don 't know -- didn 't see it . "
tr	7	" Better not stare at that too long , " Hilda said from behind him .
tr	10	He was happy they were finally going back .
tr	10	We need you to be our committed and sincere advocate to the JP .
tr	10	Your one task was holding him until we could proceed , and you let him slip through your hands like water .
tr	9	The same gleeful smile overtaking her face once she sees he is alright .
tr	9	Because of that , you 're credited with position , whether you want it or not .
tr	9	He 'd gotten used to that .
tr	10	V grabs the target while Cake and I discourage any of his friends .
tr	8	" What 's to ponder ?
tr	10	She took the photo and taking it over to one of the lamps she held it in the light .
tr	5	" Feel any machinery or magic or anything ? "
tr	9	I realize that I 'll never find him .
tr	10	The emphasis of this vessel was obviously on attack , though she could still sting in withdrawal .
tr	9	You ran out of the debriefing so fast I didn 't have a chance .
tr	6	the boss rubbed his hands with anticipation at this possible contact .
tr	9	" Do you understand how large a task that will be ?
tr	9	Was there really a woman called the Jewel , who rescued the prince ? "
tr	10	Ahead of him he saw a flock of small birds darting from tree to tree singing madly .
tr	8	I turned to Atticus , " We need a plan and quick . "
tr	10	The maneuvering thrusters fired and he lurched against his restraints as he looked over at Mickey .
tr	7	' Nobody comes into my kitchen , ' he hissed , ' apart from the sous chef . '
tr	8	You are the bringer of joy and mirth , and the bringer of fear and contemplation . "
tr	5	All three of the creatures squealed and clicked , dodging his grasping fingers .
tr	10	She looked at David who nodded his agreement .
tr	9	Neela interrupted her thoughts by nervously gesturing for quiet .
tr	9	It reinforced what his gut instincts told him throughout the night .
tr	10	I liked hearing her say that .
tr	8	Bread and grain for troops were seized ; wool , cotton , and all other textiles were commandeered for uniforms .
tr	8	She grew up in church and could rattle off this story by heart , in English , Spanish , or Quechua .
tr	6	Despite his protests , he shifted them into the carport next to his Heritage Softail .
tr	11	" Do you really want to know that ? "
tr	11	That would only tire the animals , and they had to retain as much strength as possible .
tr	5	" That oriental bastard cheats , " said George .
tr	7	Now he knew , she was the one and only and he could never ever leave her alone .
tr	9	There , waiting amid a wide grove of towering trees , was the chateau of the Faith .
tr	8	" Do you think so ? "
tr	10	Elaina felt exceedingly exposed , teetering on the ramp above the dark water .
tr	10	That wasn 't selfishness I saw in her face .
tr	10	Across the table was Cutlass , a striking Latina and one of the best sword fighters in the world .
tr	9	" We have to keep moving .
tr	9	" What do you want to know Lars ?
tr	10	I don 't think I can help you . "
tr	11	I wasn 't aware I was surrounded by two morons .
tr	10	I put my arms behind my back , try to close up my hands .
tr	7	To Ethan , that was just the cat 's meow and made all the effort and time worth it .
tr	5	Her eyes , a brilliant violet , were her only beautiful quality .
tr	11	Do you want to feel ? "
tr	8	Several figures staggered out in a billow of black smoke .
tr	6	In late October , I usually made my annual journey to the Big Sky Country for big game hunting .
tr	11	Mia was very tired and didn 't know what to expect now .
tr	11	The bush was so thick that we had trouble getting through it .
tr	6	" But we have proven , professional fighters here with us . "
tr	8	He said low , looking at the pinky horizon .
tr	6	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental and not intended by the authors .
tr	8	But why couldn 't only he be dead !
tr	9	He claimed to be a teacher , and to know nothing .
tr	11	He grinned , barely able to contain his excitement .
tr	7	At that same instance she pushed in her key , nudged the door with her foot and opened it .
tr	10	He thought me everything I know .
tr	10	Sydney was special , that was for sure .
tr	8	I won 't be home until late . "
tr	7	Dark eyes turned to him and he gave a tense grin .
tr	10	They made their way back to the front door of the store with all their loot .
tr	10	I ' d be happy if you found someone else .
tr	9	" We are going to Sanctuary for repairs and crew refit .
tr	7	What could the police possibly want with her ?
tr	7	While it was raining , most everyone stayed in his or her house .
tr	9	He sensed Takeo was plotting a major assault .
tr	8	Waving Willow and her group began to roast the pigeons .
tr	11	Peyton 's trackers showed nothing unusual , and I had no clue what to do next .
tr	11	She kept insisting that she was on fire .
tr	9	Tell the Warden to meet us at the airlock . "
tr	8	Patience and caution , he thought , as he slowly moved down the path .
tr	9	It 's got a four inch barrel and it 's chambered in .357 magnum , " Ted stated matter-of-factly .
tr	9	Maybe she likes to go to the opera ?
tr	10	He asked without taking any glance on the young woman beside him .
tr	8	" We know the source of this information but how does it affect our previous plans ? "
tr	6	As her vision blurred and her head swam , she sank to her knees on the floor .
tr	9	In their place was a bright red screen filled with scrolling white text .
tr	8	I know that everything 's fine .
tr	10	" Dr. Livingston , I haven 't agreed to go anywhere , or hadn 't you noticed ? "
tr	8	" Pick that up , and we 'll be on our way . "
tr	6	Things , he felt , could only improve .
tr	9	He could not bring himself to touch him .
tr	6	By the time she reached the top , her face and throat burned .
tr	9	Claus reached up and touched the throat mike strapped to his neck .
tr	7	" Corridors , sleep centers , compartments , and storage units , that 's all , " replied Ryan curtly .
tr	6	A native of Boston , Massachusetts , a town in America , Bugs Harrington was an expert jam jar sealer .
tr	5	Like , for instance , I 'm not a murderer . "
tr	11	" How ' ya going to light it ? "
tr	8	He decided to backtrack again .
tr	8	All right , who 's first ? "
tr	8	He almost had a heart attack by the sudden appearance of the young woman at his door .
tr	9	Rift chuckles , slowly finding his feet and returning his hood over his brow .
tr	7	" Either way , the government are lying to us . "
tr	9	Besides , it looked like Joshua had it under control . "
tr	8	Every time I tried to breathe , I kept getting water in my mouth . "
tr	6	I hate the busy streets , the placating gardens , the commerce , and the suffocating weather .
tr	5	That only revealed her real feelings .
tr	8	" You firstly need to change your appearance somewhat .
tr	5	With no plane traffic and limited vehicle traffic , train travel again became the only viable option .
tr	10	She thought she 'd be a kung fu master or something .
tr	11	It 'd been a while since I 'd seen a Lag , and I 'd forgotten their size .
tr	6	For now , he was an ally , but he was still a murderer .
tr	7	She did not reply nor look toward him .
tr	9	To you only at first .
tr	9	A tight bandage surrounded the wound , but he was starting to mend .
tr	10	" You 're supposed to stay with your group .
tr	10	Jimmy wasn 't exactly the best shopper - surely he wasn 't talking about her choice of clothes .
tr	10	This is what kept them baited .
tr	9	Do you want that ? "
tr	6	" Not to you . "
tr	9	The voice at the station had said something about " nippers " being on the train .
tr	10	All the guards so far had eyed them suspiciously , but made no attempt to question them or impede their progress .
tr	8	Occasionally a guard would put his face up to the door , look in and then disappear .
tr	10	" Care to join me for some tea ? "
tr	9	I gripped the metal runner with both hands and hauled myself up onto my elbows with a grunt of effort .
tr	8	The cousins followed their every move without giving away their whereabouts .
tr	11	I don 't know how to deal with it .
tr	11	" If he so much as touched a hair on your head -- " " Whoa !
tr	7	They rushed through the opening and rapidly merged into the teeming crowd .
tr	10	My concern is the enemy 's ability to reinforce via the two alternate entry points . "
tr	11	They 've always been the ones who fight over Hyrule , right ?
tr	7	I reached inside my backpack , removed the biohazard container and threw it at Reid .
tr	5	Not until it was too late . "
tr	8	She wanted to believe him .
tr	5	" Umm , I don 't ?
tr	7	" And his government experience is with kittens and puppies , " said Duke .
tr	11	He pulled himself into the room , not letting go of John and looking frantically around the room for his wife .
tr	6	One by one families came out and settled around the blaze .
tr	10	I 'll have to sell the Bentley and the Miles . "
tr	11	All of the clamor and special treatment only served to remind Link why he moved so far south .
tr	11	Angry at myself and this evil that I had failed to stop .
tr	9	The whole being married pretense was dropped and even though he sat next to me , he didn 't touch me .
tr	9	Looking up , Tarleton appreciated the beauty of the ivy covering the clock tower .
tr	10	After Spirit had escorted them back to the mill , he and Outback had gone back out to watch the perimeter .
tr	7	" Natalie , in your family there is an envoy of that dark project .
tr	5	" Oh I see , a big Shakespeare fan I take it . "
tr	8	I know , it 's so cliche , but what did he mean ?
tr	7	Gabriel let out a low whistle and looked at Alejo .
tr	10	" Aren 't you coming ? "
tr	6	Still , for your safety ... " " Very well , " the second said .
tr	9	He hated uncertainty , and Adele inspired uncertainty in almost all of their dealings .
tr	11	Everybody nodded , shocked at what they were learning .
tr	8	When a Guardian is about that age , their power awakens .
tr	9	When Rafe returned it was to find Adele frowning and Eda wincing .
tr	6	His back plainly said , ' Right , I 'm off . '
tr	9	" You hide your face like someone with everything to lose . "
tr	11	The group instantly started kicking open doors looking for something ... or someone ... probably us .
tr	8	" We won 't talk about it , " said Waving Willow .
tr	9	" Have you gone totally daft , man ?
tr	10	" Actually , I said your ' official title ' would be as my aid .
tr	10	Ted managed to roll over and force himself up onto his hands and knees .
tr	9	Message from Bertram asking for money .
tr	6	In his dreams that night , he wandered again through fitful , scrappy memories .
tr	8	Before he knew it , he was at the other end of the camp .
tr	6	What kind of animal leaves a turd that big and wet ? "
tr	5	Me , Austin , my father , his mother , and the two Markowitz girls .
tr	6	" But with your talent , you can play songs .
tr	8	" Leave them to the madman that my father had become ?
tr	6	Have you and Amelia had - " " No , Julia , we haven 't , " I interrupted .
tr	8	I could feel both my eyes twitching now .
tr	9	But joining the Veils was not the way to do it .
tr	8	" I know what you mean , " She replied .
tr	7	" Ryan died because of me , " I whisper to the empty bedroom .
tr	9	" Now , it 's time to complete this transaction . "
tr	10	Think you can do it ? "
tr	7	She was getting that cold chill up her back again .
tr	11	She tried to do her best to remain calm .
tr	6	" At your service , " the boy replied , startling Soma as he appeared by her side .
tr	11	Mason had driven her back to her flat offering to stay with her but she preferred to be on her own .
tr	10	Certain it must be some sort of trap , he sends Mai over to investigate .
tr	6	Gabe turns his head and blinks .
tr	8	I said ironically " You know what ?
tr	7	The men around the campfire looked up at Gunnar and glared at him .
tr	6	I studied the reflection but it was too blurry .
tr	10	" Am I glad to see you .
tr	8	Normally she 'd run a hundred miles from such an event .
tr	6	Lucky for me , without clothing , the camera and motion sensors wouldn 't pick me up .
tr	6	" We are so sorry , your Majesty , " Marcus spoke up .
tr	10	Must be about an hour before they drop us off in town .
tr	11	" Hey there Hector ... yea we 've been holed up in Nassau letting a storm blow through .
tr	9	Suddenly , the lone crystal illuminating the room is smashed by more falling debris leaving the arena in utter darkness .
tr	6	" Not very likely , at least not in our time .
tr	11	You 're an idiot to do this to us , you know that , che ? "
tr	9	Today she was driving on her own , turning heads in the bright red , classic MG .
tr	8	' Have you looked at it yet ? '
tr	6	Ben asked incredulously : " Really , the whole day ? "
tr	6	" Surface slice , " she said , " just need a stitch or two . "
tr	6	" Sure , your pantry is well stocked , " Onyx replied innocently .
tr	8	" It 's all a matter of balance , just simple science . "
tr	5	" Or maybe this particular species took a bad evolutionary road . "
tr	8	Chapter IX For all of Logan 's bluster , we didn 't leave that night .
tr	9	Looking around it seemed as though everything had seen better days .
tr	8	But this time , I was not alone , and literary fame was the least of my accomplishments . "
tr	5	What has that fat old dude done ?
tr	9	They were not sure what to do .
tr	7	" Why can 't I just go by myself ?
tr	6	" Good thing I did , too , " Bernard said mildly , through his stiffened jaw .
tr	6	The everyday drudgery , the nastiness , the social climbing , that sort of thing .
tr	6	" He lives , " the sergeant murmured , and then more sharply , " Innocent !
tr	5	His arms , his legs , and yes , even his decimated back .
tr	8	After being in the Bird Seekers Colony for many years , Starling Bird Genius still had an impetuous character .
tr	8	Information about him must exist in NET 's databases .
tr	6	At the same instant , his cell phone beeped with a text message .
tr	9	" I came to check out your place for any clues . "
tr	10	' No creature of sand or salt shall be untouched by the winds of change . " '
tr	9	Their black and yellow chopper swooped down and then clattered in the air above the unit .
tr	7	Instead of getting annoyed , Riki merely shrugged and tugged on his arm .
tr	9	" Yeah , of course , just that I 'm so impressed by the way everything looks here . "
tr	8	He shoved the memories away , as was routine .
tr	9	And then they would call each other out until Hailey would intervene .
tr	6	" Good afternoon , there , " LaRouche said coyly to her , with a mischievous grin .
tr	6	" Oh , that dumb brunt , " said Elizabeth , with a scorned look .
tr	11	" And whose fault is that ?
tr	7	He turned back to the phone , " Well , Mr ... ? "
tr	11	Far too weak , too incapable , to be of any help .
tr	11	" You do know you 're stuff .
tr	5	" Not that our little Thomas Jr. here isn 't a catch himself . "
tr	10	" Oh yeah , can 't wait to hear this , " said Mark .
tr	8	What , exactly , would make her happy , in your opinion ?
tr	10	" Actually , it does have to do with Alita .
tr	6	Within fifteen minutes her forty years of hard life was ended .
tr	5	" Rather inspiring , isn 't he ? "
tr	11	He directed me to fly this and that heading and all I could make out was that we were going north .
tr	10	The second chakra flies low along the ground , easily vaulted over by the nimble woman .
tr	8	With trembling limbs Claire swapped her hold on the hood for a clutch of a little sweaty hand .
tr	6	Bax nodded , said " Thanks , " and set off yet again .
tr	8	" Put these on in here , " he instructed .
tr	7	Sarah caught her breath and pulled him away from the front steps .
tr	7	He danced over to Waving Willow and gave her a big hug .
tr	8	Logan 's mouth was agape , and Jacob looked as grim as I felt .
tr	5	" The grid 's back on ? "
tr	8	The stars clear and bold broke through the blanket of the heavens casting their light across the lands .
tr	7	He playfully lifted his glass of milk high off the table and then back down and to his mouth .
tr	11	She was in a stone courtyard , dancing among men , killing men with her brother at her side .
tr	9	So , who wants to direct it ? "
tr	7	" We came here through that , " Matthew pointed out to him in Nora 's hand .
tr	8	I haven 't done one yet today , but I 'll learn it before dinner .
tr	9	" I may be wrong , " he said , " but I think they took the right passage .
tr	11	I knew what needed to be done .
tr	10	Nobody wanted to get caught staring .
tr	8	She concludes , now on the verge of tears .
tr	6	His name is Link , " he reports with a sarcastic smirk .
tr	7	Then he heard a soft rumbling , and felt the stone floor tremble beneath him .
tr	11	Kill the small one if they refuse to do so .
tr	6	An empty room lay through the doorway to the second tower .
tr	8	I was no better at your age " reflected Beppe with a smile .
tr	11	They feel the damage might be temporary , the inflammation causing the paralysis .
tr	9	It 's gon na ... " Chris struggled to find the words .
tr	9	This is some kind of mix between dreaming and reality .
tr	7	The skies clouded over and with it , brought winds , plummeting temperatures and light snow .
tr	7	Free of our heavy skirts Adda and I found foot and hand holes and started our way up .
tr	9	" Guys what 's going on ? "
tr	10	The strands that had been cut off turned into ashes .
tr	8	Hailey 's mother was saddened by her unborn childrens ' demise .
tr	7	" You be careful out there , you hear me ? "
tr	8	Although I knew the answer , I still had to ask the question .
tr	10	From the minute she was born it was her and Sky .
tr	10	He considered , and said , " I may regret it , but very well .
tr	10	We need to take out the men outside and get into those buildings fast .
tr	8	Today turned out to be different .
tr	10	Whenever the guy spoke Spanish , it came out with a lisp that , to Bolivians , sounded really silly .
tr	8	I remembered a day , the most memorable of all my days throughout my solitary experience .
tr	9	Relief washed through Claire like a spring breeze , followed by an arctic blast of anger .
tr	9	She paused to listen outside the opening .
tr	8	The shapeshifter stepped forward , again transforming into his dragon form .
tr	10	" Now I think about it I even met Dick Mason here but that was a little later . "
tr	8	No fairground ride could begin to compare !
tr	8	Her cot still leaned against the canvas wall while she paced , wine in one hand and the in the other .
tr	9	" I 'd crap myself if I could , " Maya admits .
tr	8	All we would need is there . "
tr	7	" I hope so , " Scott answered , lacking confidence .
tr	7	He still had no strength , but his vision and hearing were restored immediately .
tr	9	The Sentinel responded and was allegedly killed rescuing the crew .
tr	10	You and Noah had nothing to do with it .
tr	10	I guess I just got used to it .
tr	6	At this speed , the minutest mistake could end the flight then and there .
tr	8	Is one more , and has the same answer as the first one . "
tr	11	Every time she closed her eyes indefinable images swam in the dark and forced the lids open again .
tr	9	Tommy had no idea what he was talking about .
tr	6	David strode in , gave her a quick kiss and sat down .
tr	5	Some years later , Germany attacked Poland and World War II started .
tr	8	' It 's an exact mirror image of the other one , ' she said with rising excitement .
tr	11	They did not even know there was such a thing as an ending .
tr	9	Carrying on for another hundred yards or so they stopped in front of a two-story brick cottage .
tr	10	He reached out a hand , concerned that she looked none too steady .
tr	7	" As the challenged family the Ramos will set the stage " said Isabella Satan .
tr	6	I sighed and said : " But I made mistakes Mara .
tr	9	Roberto brought a light closer while the doctor searched in his bag .
tr	7	No telling what he 'll do . "
tr	9	Connor tried to shut it out of his mind .
tr	10	" We need to leave very quickly , " said the girl , who was now looking into the corridor .
tr	10	It was now a time for clean up and relaxation .
tr	10	" Yeah , I 'd hate to be locked out . "
tr	10	Who 's going to protect you ?
tr	8	Nor had she been naked , one thickness of cowhide away .
tr	5	" No , my lord , " replied the Roman .
tr	6	She milked the little goat daily and made bread dough every other day .
tr	11	She warned Morgan of what was going on .
tr	7	" Losing the magnet will decrease our pull by a fair amount . "
tr	8	- Episode 21 - Slowly the sun stalked its way up into the sky .
tr	10	In some cases , they were even able to compete with the Chinese .
tr	11	Yep , this is the best comeback I can muster on short notice .
tr	8	And Michael and Ben now saw themselves when they were tiny babies .
tr	9	In fact Noah actually felt sorry for him and a warming desire to be friends .
tr	6	Just then the train entered a tunnel and in the darkness the dejection felt even heavier .
tr	11	He frowned , unsure of how to respond .
tr	8	The man gripped his wheel wrestling with it to keep control .
tr	8	" You never even knew them , and already you have made their lives forfeit . "
tr	6	" My friend from grammar school runs a political news campaign here in Kyiv . "
tr	9	" But , I really want to go and see those mountains , the -- what did you call them ?
tr	11	We might be able to spot something from up there .
tr	9	The helmsman looked at the captain , who nodded .
tr	7	I notice a crack in the wall beside the back door .
tr	10	And let me tell you , we could have followed her blindfolded , just by smelling her .
tr	6	Chapter 20 " Mort , " Celaena said , and the skull knocker opened an eye .
tr	8	I had to tell Dad .
tr	11	He asks after a moment , his curiosity getting the better of him .
tr	9	" That 's because we could care less .
tr	10	He swiveled to look at Cal again , suspicion clouding his features .
tr	9	Harold grunted , " We better go find John . "
tr	8	In a few seconds he had grabbed the girl and was swimming with her towards the shore .
tr	7	Now if you have the fare , I 'll be on my way . "
tr	10	Who knew what else he would run into ?
tr	10	" Don 't tell me that you don 't trust me ? "
tr	11	He grabbed a collar and put it under her neck to help open her airway .
tr	8	" So what is your glorious plan for today , oh wise and magnificent Camden ? "
tr	9	perhaps it was the same chap ... ... who knows ... ... so what do you have to say John ? "
tr	10	AG : Or you could answer email while I do some outlining ?
tr	10	And tell your boss that I do have a replacement , my last flight engineer and copilot at Nellis .
tr	8	He felt fine ; maybe as good as he ever had , but definitely different .
tr	9	Regular bullets , when applied with precision , work just fine .
tr	9	My people will obey me when Olmec is dead . "
tr	8	" You son of a bitch , " the Falcon screamed , throwing himself at Roberto .
tr	8	Slowly , Ted stood up , suspending the GPS unit over the bucket .
tr	11	That 's all you need to know . "
tr	10	" Then I guess there 's nothing more to say .
tr	10	YOU certainly won 't be going back to Blighty just yet ' , then I turned defiantly to face Teddy .
tr	9	He has put acid inside of me or drain cleaner or bleach .
tr	5	" You really like it ? "
tr	6	Okay , some of that badass ghost mojo wouldn 't be a bad idea right now . "
tr	10	" He doesn 't want you to tell all the knowledge you have .
tr	8	Zooming in , he snapped three good shots of the chatting machine gunners before moving on .
tr	8	When I saw you C.V. I was impressed .
tr	7	Lots of times they disguise themselves as humans , but they 're something else .
tr	5	Slowly , like a mighty forest tree , the dresser pitched forward .
tr	7	Thank you also for your editing ; the help is absolutely appreciated .
tr	5	' Not very good work , though , ' he opined .
tr	9	I felt myself shudder at memory .
tr	8	Sighting a nearby rise in the sand , he started walking toward it .
tr	5	From his forehead he pushed out two little bumps .
tr	10	There were only two things that could be done .
tr	7	The lad gets himself in the most troubling situations sometimes .
tr	11	While it had been going on , his humorless first mate began to say something about it being outrageous .
tr	8	" Can we trust you to keep our secrets ? "
tr	9	' I told you not to follow us , ' he said harshly .
tr	6	" All these years and you can 't even give this old man a proper welcome ? "
tr	8	Claire thought about her sister in hospital and Sky going home to an empty house .
tr	10	I 'm finding it hard to concentrate .
tr	8	responded Simon as he struggled to regain his balance .
tr	6	The first night he " d occupied this spot , she " d never acknowledged him .
tr	7	Soon , every pair of eyes and hands were caressing the walls and inspecting the ceilings .
tr	11	She didn 't try to move toward him , afraid her knees would give way .
tr	7	The being approached again as calmly as before , chuckling this time .
tr	6	A few hours later , Miriam emerged from the bathroom .
tr	10	It had to have been by smell .
tr	7	As the day ended , the rain began in earnest and blew nearly sideways from the wind .
tr	5	And all the while he 's stashed away nice and cosy upstairs somewhere .
tr	5	I thought and raised my pistol , slightly .
tr	9	They were driving on a long highway , speeding toward Arizona .
tr	8	It lets a person in one city contact another person with relative ease .
tr	9	Over his shoulder he said , " That 's the courage we 'll need . "
tr	8	A quick glance backward reveals what he had feared .
tr	9	She sat idly gazing out of the French doors , the house suddenly seeming empty .
tr	11	St. Mary 's is in Market Drayton , after that he just went back to Clive Barracks . "
tr	9	In order to achieve this , his relations needed to collect the necessary spiritual gifts from God .
tr	8	" How do you know the name of it ? "
tr	10	He didn 't say anything though ; he just stood there waiting for Branden to begin .
tr	5	In the long term , it 's probably the same thing . "
tr	6	A short distance into the tunnel visibility grew difficult in the darkness .
tr	11	I think someone 's waiting for you , " Matt said .
tr	9	He didn 't even bother responding to it .
tr	11	" Hi , Mike ; good to see you guys came through in one piece . "
tr	5	" But our friends blew up a gas station . "
tr	11	It was just the right length for what he had in mind .
tr	6	The strange man and his even stranger behavior had , quite frankly , given her the creeps .
tr	6	Under one arm he held his helm and in his hand he swung a huge hammer to and fro .
tr	5	In her eyes , he was a pirate .
tr	5	" Yes , how cruel , " Maya agrees nervously .
tr	7	" If anything , I probably have the safer job , " she replied .
tr	10	She runs back to the helm station intent on executing the captain 's orders herself .
tr	9	" Sir , we 're just about done mopping up this last group , " Ghost answered .
tr	7	When we were in the catacombs ? '
tr	9	" How nice of you to drop by .
tr	7	We were trapped in some dark hole !
tr	5	Several apprehensive breaths later , Rift advances forward .
tr	9	Captain Flaherty and another Ferret Officer were talking with Aries near the bunker entrance .
tr	6	John put the cell phone back onto the table .
tr	9	... Oh , not going to interrupt this time ?
tr	8	At the same time , her own horse bolted , nearly knocking her down .
tr	10	Robbie was lying on the bed watching the tiny lizard crawl across the ceiling .
tr	6	He felt his mouth tip into a lopsided smile .
tr	11	Bet you never expected to see me again . "
tr	6	" Just how we like it . "
tr	11	Why someone so different from the masses would be assigned the position of Public Representative was beyond me .
tr	8	The people who took it changed .
tr	5	Not a real cry , not like this , like a heartbroken child .
tr	8	You could not strip your clothes and cool off in the water .
tr	8	" Just outside the walls , " she assured him , rising to her feet .
tr	8	I sent Dennis along with them to scope out the battery at Morro Castle .
tr	11	Gema whispered and turned away to be introduced to David and Pauline .
tr	7	' They 'll be in Europe tonight . '
tr	9	I led him away through the fields as Claudette and the others disappeared inside .
tr	10	The NASA administrator remained standing as the group filed in .
tr	6	I can use some feminine company .
tr	10	" But you didn 't answer my question , did he speak to you ? "
tr	8	Taylor was knocked off his socks , well , he was sitting in the grass already .
tr	8	I heard of these caves and met with some outlaws ... they are gone now , though . "
tr	7	" Elaina , come on , " he urged , touching her face .
tr	9	" It 's supposed to take thirty seconds . "
tr	11	Something started to glow up in front of me .
tr	9	Your observation is commendable ; you didn 't notice things like that before .
tr	6	Just hard work and some really awesome hacking .
tr	11	There were others who had made the crossing earlier .
tr	6	Then he spilled the beans , big time , and in glorious Technicolor .
tr	10	" I was thinking you 'd be back already .
tr	9	' Now the lads have to relearn the songs for a live show . '
tr	8	I lug my shoulder bag down the university 's cobbled pathway toward the student union building .
tr	8	" Do you believe me ? "
tr	9	Ed McAdam from Red Flag and Tim Harrison from Chimera were both sitting at the table , working at their laptops .
tr	6	Alejo 's voice was racing , and his sentences all ran together .
tr	7	Two other duels I fought over politics at the others ' challenges .
tr	9	Pierre was ecstatic about her answer , twirling her around in the air to the delight of everyone .
tr	9	He stood outside for a moment and thought about what just happened .
tr	8	It sounded like the whisper of frightened voices .
tr	8	" So we let an Illinois lawyer lead us to war ? "
tr	6	Slowly , he turned and faced me , his face worn and weary .
tr	10	He turned once again , his head in her lap and his bare back exposed for her to touch .
tr	6	" Mr. President , " a woman 's voice yelled above the others .
tr	7	' Let 's finish this . '
tr	7	Crawling , like vermin in the deep , dark , hidden places of Paris fit him perfectly .
tr	7	He is more than just a man ; he is also a hawk .
tr	9	Inside there were a bunch of papers stapled together .
tr	11	Allan had a car standing by and was waiting to meet us at the Pisces .
tr	5	Perhaps a hundred soldiers , two armored cars , and a tank . "
tr	6	Philosophy of Persia , Nobel Prize winners in mathematics and techno music .
tr	6	Back at the staging area , he called again for the unit commanders .
tr	6	You look too -- " He flushed , and his embarrassment surprised her .
tr	8	He turns to exit the room .
tr	5	" It 's not that bad . "
tr	9	All tension drained from the room as Claire jumped like a teenager watching a Stephen King movie .
tr	11	" Do you even know where you are going ? "
tr	11	I did want to know that .
tr	7	I can do this , she thought .
tr	10	" Let me see you smile .
tr	6	" For sure , " said Dick , " me , George , Harry and Faulkner .
tr	10	How could he suppress angry French protestors when he would rather join them ?
tr	8	" It 's Connor Moylan for Christ 's sake . "
tr	9	Her maturity was unfolding right in front of him .
tr	9	he said taking the armchair next to Danny and Amy on the settee .
tr	11	" It looks like we 'll have some decent weather for our little drive today . "
tr	11	It ´ s got surround sound .
tr	5	Her gold eyes sparkled , flecks of gray finally evident , like in Kaia 's .
tr	8	First things first , let 's get out of this place . "
tr	9	Today they had baked several fruit pies and had set them all on the kitchen windowsills to cool .
tr	10	Tears streamed down her face and down her shapely neck , mixing with the caked blood of her lower body .
tr	6	She looked around his now-familiar cabin .
tr	8	The insanity of our last moments in Paris was still a little overwhelming .
tr	8	Well , Neil thought , we 've encountered our second lot of guards .
tr	10	He wasn 't surprised to see the half-dozen or so motorcycles normally parked out front were off the road today .
tr	6	" Well , this cleans up the feud , " she grunted .
tr	8	He was in control of the Daemon !
tr	9	" I just can 't believe how fast she is , I 've never seen anything like it .
tr	5	" Not really a ' but , ' more like a ' next time . " '
tr	10	I selected prime specimen of three distinctive breeds to give you a better spread . "
tr	10	He sold his first story at age 19 to a fantasy magazine and attended the Odyssey Writing Workshop in 2010 .
tr	9	A morning in which Alejo would go to a funeral .
tr	6	She was barefoot and even without the stilettos her legs and ass were bellissimo !
tr	8	She handed him a cup of lemon drink and gave him a quick grin as she did so .
tr	11	Both knew they had the same cunning and skill to win .
tr	10	She looked around , and recalled to whom she was speaking .
tr	9	" Dude , how could you forget to search for that ? "
tr	8	Hailey was also ready to object .
tr	8	Nathan glared at the map and list of figures on the chalkboard .
tr	8	With Bethany and her folks the line was choked with outright sobbing .
tr	9	I shivered even as the sun beat down on me .
tr	10	Deadly shards filled the air when it separated from the hinges and struck the wall of the stairwell .
tr	7	I need to know . "
tr	9	Might be a bit dangerous for a child I guess .
tr	10	" I guess I 'll go first , " Alex sighed , trudging into the bathroom and closing Jessica 's door .
tr	9	" I see what you mean , " said David , " place must have cost a bloody fortune .
tr	7	Can 't you just see her in a ball dress , or a morning gown ? "
tr	7	In a well-timed burst of violence the front line of the ogres released their war hammers and swung .
tr	5	Amber takes another step forward .
tr	11	You shouldn 't take in strangers just because Riki has found them ; this boy could be dangerous . "
tr	7	" They 'll figure it out , Clark ! "
tr	8	He had ridden a horse before , of course , but never for so long .
tr	8	Deep in his belly , watching through the dragon 's eye , Tyler holds his breath .
tr	8	Edie May was curious about Taylor 's understanding so far .
tr	8	" Raid the café with one man from the rear and two from the front .
tr	8	On one side was a man and a woman ; a handsome couple , and they were smiling .
tr	11	I mean , a week ago , I hadn 't even heard of Jolie or the prize money .
tr	11	Do you know what he said ? "
tr	7	His mouse grazes across the screen , and each pin lights up with notes .
tr	9	Claire plastered her best approximation of a smile on her face as Josh pointed the iPhone in her direction .
tr	8	They would roll right over us , we 'd be crushed meat to them . "
tr	5	" Steel Inquisitors , my lord , " the old man said .
tr	10	They were bound to be more than miles away .
tr	11	Passing the flying test is the prerequisite for starting on more sophisticated subjects .
tr	8	Jimmy was on the back seat of his truck .
tr	7	Missy 's heart started its hummingbird flapping again .
tr	9	The first room entered was a museum full of artifacts and factoids on the islands coal mining history .
tr	8	If it was , Joe hadn 't let her in on the plan anyway .
tr	6	" Eden , Love , " the whisper of a familiar voice called me from the nothing .
tr	10	" A number of my people have begun setting up shrines to living emperors .
tr	11	I don 't suppose the younger brothers would go back and move the stove .
tr	8	All at once , several bolts of lightning flashed in the sky nearly simultaneously and the clouds started circling over him .
tr	10	Bryony leaned forwards so her nose was touching Stubby 's whiskers .
tr	7	" Come on , Bobby , " Mike spoke up , " your car 's a trooper .
tr	8	No one liked money as much as the people of the Bay .
tr	10	Each time was cathartic , and the stench of the alleyway was forgotten as I centered myself .
tr	8	She wasn 't afraid of boats , she told herself , or of water .
tr	6	And how much precious time we missed .
tr	5	The truth was not so comfortable .
tr	6	" You were right , " Quinn began .
tr	9	At least , most people don 't think it 's a prophecy . "
tr	9	" You weren 't very good at your job , were you ? "
tr	9	The morning found Ainsworth shaking him awake , a nervous expression clouding the larger man 's face .
tr	10	Lonnie pointed to the right and scooted back so Ricky could take his spot .
tr	11	Too tired to think Camden let his legs lower him down to the ground .
tr	9	' Maybe especially because of that .
tr	9	He tried to catch Alejo 's eye with a smile as they entered the restaurant .
tr	8	He motioned Sarah to take a peek as well .
tr	8	One second I was looking at the Matriarch to the front , then to the left , then to the right .
tr	9	" Savvy , he 's one of the most loved figures in France .
tr	6	" Amory , I need answers , " I demanded at the reference to my parents .
tr	11	Tim did as he was told and started reading his work book .
tr	9	You probably have a concussion , so you need to hold still . "
tr	5	" Ah , well , he 's sort of taken . "
tr	6	" Between your jacket and my coat , both I and the light should be covered . "
tr	11	The shapeshifter 's body again began to bulge and distort as he changed form .
tr	6	Yet Tull 's growing anger only caused the overweight man to ripple with laughter .
tr	10	Just when I wanted to make a girls night out . "
tr	10	I knew what I had to do .
tr	6	The farmers dared not complain ; they feared the legion .
tr	11	Only then did Mariposa smell the man sweat on the soiled straw walls of the hat .
tr	8	I suppose that means yes .
tr	7	Fiona looked down at her hands and took her time answering .
tr	9	as he fired at anybody moving .
tr	10	We are really going to know each other after this . "
tr	8	He needed to be more forceful .
tr	9	Do you love Ben ? "
tr	5	In the cubbies , Melanie kept bills , receipts , envelopes and stamps .
tr	6	" Maybe for you , but it was just my Dad and me in our car .
tr	8	Her eyes -- black and soulless as a fly 's -- gleamed with hunger in the dim torchlight .
tr	8	The crumpled form on the ground was limp , face down in the scorched earth .
tr	11	" Thanks for coming to rescue me . "
tr	9	I really hope the ship will hold up .
tr	9	How many points have I contributed to the team this year , hmmm ? "
tr	9	Frank 's own grandfather had shipped off to the Pacific expecting an easy victory but soon learned the difference .
tr	6	A colossal opening in the earth , almost a mile across , roughly cut and circular .
tr	11	He broke into a loud chorus of ' Where Lies My Enchantment , There Will My Heart Surely Be ' .
tr	9	Small explosive release modules were fired , releasing the explosive package from the spacecraft .
tr	8	I can feel his energy rushing up the stairs .
tr	5	This young woman almost took down the entire Facility ! "
tr	5	" What have I done ? "
tr	10	You really should be more careful in screening your recruits . "
tr	7	Who shot at me ? "
tr	10	" Number four has run into problems due to that windstorm . "
tr	10	Chris saw him raise his hand and begin waving it .
tr	11	There were two of the massive ships in orbit around Mars .
tr	6	What they found was Dr. Cook .
tr	5	" Emergency Beacon Activated , " a dispassionate electronic male voice states .
tr	7	Malcolm turned the knob and opened the door a crack .
tr	11	It indicated momentous news but it seemed to have a few thorns in it as well .
tr	7	Too bad neither Huang Fu , nor John , Bradley 's best friends , could make it !
tr	7	" I wouldn 't go too far , it gets pretty lethal down there . "
tr	7	" When the original U.S. Constitution was passed , it was done so by the merchant class .
tr	10	Her forearms should have been done by now but she had left for another life .
tr	7	I flipped through the files and found P quickly .
tr	10	' I 'm delighted they welcomed you , ' Amy said .
tr	6	Coffee sloshed over the sides .
tr	9	It was left the way it was .
tr	9	" Let 's see what you 've got , " Rift taunts , smirking at the ghost .
tr	11	We set up an observation post overlooking the river and a couple of well used tracks . "
tr	10	She crawled back to the dangerous goods compartment to get to work .
tr	11	It was the first time he had seen her like that .
tr	8	Gustav 's eyes glinted when he spotted the roadster .
tr	8	" That 's enough for now , save the ammo , " said Joshua , stopping them for the moment .
tr	6	To their left , by the shallow wading pool , a young boy flung a red fishing pole backwards and forwards .
tr	6	" Nothing , John , " he said and started for the main door .
tr	9	" I believe that is a certainty , my young friend . "
tr	6	" That coyote will tear you apart . "
tr	6	Her pulse reading increased ten points on the display .
tr	6	Ukraine , Australia , and Japan preceded North America , Argentina , France , Denmark , and Lithuania .
tr	7	He pulled a blanket over his shoulders and shivered .
tr	10	Shouldn 't we be making plans to evacuate instead ? '
tr	11	You 'll not be able to know yourself like this .
tr	8	She grabbed a piece of driftwood from the ground and hurled it with a cry .
tr	10	" You might want to work on that accent . "
tr	7	" She 's a tour guide ; she smiles for a living . "
tr	8	" I hate when people do that . "
tr	7	" Oooh , must be precious , " the woman said .
tr	8	She wanted to be comforted .
tr	7	It immediately tasted the scent of the two humans .
tr	10	The following morning over their cold meal Mudd suggested they stay in the OP at least another day .
tr	10	With a nod of satisfaction disguised as agreement .
tr	11	Chris turned his back and was almost out the door when the man shouted .
tr	9	" You have got to see this ! "
tr	10	I asked , knowing it was expected .
tr	7	From his place on the floor , Matthew extended his arms over his head several times .
tr	9	But even with shorts , Tat and I will know what you have underneath . "
tr	9	Charlie would love to know this !
tr	7	She looked over at her son , asleep in the big bed and smiled .
tr	10	There was a lot to do before her departure .
tr	8	" So you 've freed her , have you ?
tr	7	Somewhere in the distance were the ruins of the capital city .
tr	7	" What can I do for you ladies ? "
tr	10	Scott looked at the man in front of him to see his wide gaze on the yard .
tr	11	" You 're going to have those WTR boys on you first .
tr	6	I yelled out in disbelief .
tr	7	Maybe I should hide in the closet ?
tr	9	It left survivors to pursue the strangers and the stolen horses .
tr	9	I kept yelling and when the fire came down to the basement I screamed .
tr	7	What did he know about Aimee ?
tr	7	" Do you sleep all winter too ? "
tr	10	It reminded Josie of right before he 'd kicked the redneck through the window back at that gas station .
tr	11	He gave half to Mr. Stark and the two of them began to fold pages of newspaper into cones .
tr	10	Occasional laughter cut across the predominant sound , reminding her of the glimmering sparks of the torches .
tr	9	He was covered in his own blood from the shoulders down .
tr	11	Guess I have to go alone then . "
tr	11	I think he might have other things on his mind .
tr	11	We won 't be able to buy food or anything else .
tr	9	His forces spread out in all directions advancing in an arc moving north .
tr	11	Force him to eat if necessary . "
tr	7	He interrupted the increasingly bizarre banter between the two men .
tr	8	" Think it will work ? "
tr	5	From this distance , the whole town looked perfect .
tr	10	Lucas could sense that Roshan was being sincere .
tr	5	And with the twelve dead , I 'm free now . "
tr	8	So he embedded it in my mind without me even knowing it . "
tr	8	" How do you want me to pose ? "
tr	7	Terry Bayliss , a single man , took up residence in an old storeroom in Bank underground station .
tr	7	They hadn 't seen him in awhile . "
tr	11	The Vault of Echoes shall mirror forth that which is within and weight your worth . "
tr	9	" I just knew that at that range I couldn 't miss . "
tr	9	The boy started , then raised his head to look up .
tr	7	As carefully as he could , Ethan eased her head out of her hands and wiped a tear from her cheek .
tr	10	He took the knife and used it to pick beneath his fingernails .
tr	8	It must be almost twice the size of my head ! "
tr	8	The last stretch was long enough for the horses to all cool down .
tr	10	My wrists are sore from straining against the handcuffs .
tr	10	" We 'll find out when we get there , " Drew could be vague also .
tr	10	I 'm not sure I should claim him . "
tr	11	I keep telling her that Ryan is in trouble .
tr	8	First , he had to call Amanda .
tr	7	Amanda rolled up the window and put the car back into gear .
tr	6	But after that fight yesterday , and then the car accident ... I 'm not sure . "
tr	7	He answered , and put his hands to his sides , waiting .
tr	6	We wandered , back and forth , along the twisting path .
tr	10	A jolt of anger quakes his spine recalling the relentless Link chasing him down , and stabbing him once again .
tr	11	Hernando asked , seeking something interesting to discuss .
tr	11	And at that very moment her girlfriend rang : " How are things ?
tr	9	Swallow your pride a little and don 't make this thing go badly ! "
tr	7	Her top was just as vibrantly yellow , but that wasn 't its most startling feature .
tr	10	He examined the bottle as though it were some kind of alien thing .
tr	6	" What exactly is the plan , young Toby ? "
tr	8	Cold grey eyes met the dark ones at the end of the bed .
tr	8	" If Dublin is the England 's capital , then Dublin is the capital of which state ? "
tr	9	' We need to get you out of here . '
tr	11	This may not make sense , but I enjoy imagining the unknown but dislike the practicality of experiencing it .
tr	9	She dropped her book listlessly and began walking towards us .
tr	9	OK ... we have dials registering speed only , at the moment . "
tr	9	He poured himself a cup , saw his sergeant and went over to join him .
tr	8	" I like staying at your place . "
tr	10	One of the things that cheered Conway was the sight of vast meadows below .
tr	7	More than anything the role of king is of mediator , not of dictator .
tr	8	Just wait until she meets that dreadful child .
tr	7	" But you know what the reason is ? "
tr	11	Another man 's wife had a catering business and would be delighted to have some work .
tr	9	" How do you even know she 's the one ? "
tr	6	She was up now , the broken staff of her spear pressed into his throat .
tr	9	Damian came fast back in the room , being happy , carrying a piece of paper .
tr	10	He unbind the spell that Kali put on him and prepared himself for a serious duel .
tr	8	If it does kill the parasite , she and Trevor will try and make an antidote out of it .
tr	5	" Good Morning , " a low mechanical voice greets warmly .
tr	6	Mark held out his left hand , open .
tr	5	" Some fruit blends , some products containing coffee , some fertilizer . "
tr	9	They argued back and forth for a few minutes until Dreher pulled another prisoner from the group .
tr	10	She didn 't quite see it yet but the choice of his words alone promised that he would one day soon .
tr	9	I 'll fill her in about the other four but the less she knows about you the better .
tr	9	I looked behind her and spotted a young boy about her age walking towards us across the street .
tr	7	Your father is getting old now and slower . "
tr	9	His scouts will be arriving in two hours and his main force not long afterward .
tr	7	' Hubert found an " on " switch , ' she said flatly .
tr	6	When would thirty minutes be up ?
tr	9	We have to find out why . "
tr	11	That we allow slaughter to go unpunished ? "
tr	10	" As I said , you 'll have to wait and find out .
tr	10	They couldn 't believe what they saw with their own eyes .
tr	7	Sneaking through the dark streets , I wondered at my endurance .
tr	11	Gone were the days of holding long term the trusty old Blue Chips .
tr	9	A high , long note sounded , raising the hairs on Claire 's neck .
tr	8	I can 't remember anyone to call . "
tr	11	Even if ironically , he wants to become a psychologist and he has a big problem . "
tr	9	She moves over to the console with the dead corpse and starts punching numbers into a keyboard .
tr	5	You see , too many psychic treasure hunters spoil the image . "
tr	8	These days everyone fished , so it had raised no one 's suspicions .
tr	11	Wolf Eyes said , " It 's puzzling for someone to come so close and kill our game .
tr	9	" A couple weeks later , Victoria paid the rent on her apartment in advance for six months and came home .
tr	7	A loud hiss and the acrid smell of burning hair rose a second later punctuated by a scream from the creature .
tr	7	The other kingdoms have split their lines and now call themselves kings .
tr	7	Gema Mason is coming together with Wendy .
tr	9	The Prince ignored her and continued to examine the bars .
tr	9	Another couple and their bored looking teenage son were doing some window shopping outside one of the galleries .
tr	7	He looked both ways , and then took off with a screech .
tr	10	Will you allow me to inquire as to this strange gang with their singular hats ? "
tr	9	He had been in this area before and was sure , almost sure , he knew exactly where he was .
tr	5	Without a spoken word they readied their weapons .
tr	11	She confidently approached the entrance that was guarded by armed soldiers .
tr	7	Let me see your handiwork . "
tr	10	Like many indie authors , Susan depends on the reviews and word of mouth referrals of her readers .
tr	11	I would think that he must care for her too . "
tr	9	" We agreed , did we not , that I would be stiff tonight ? "
tr	8	The shapeshifter looked briefly at the control panel and the buttons lit up by Josie 's fingers .
tr	8	Aria screams to him , her voice slightly nasally due to her damaged nose .
tr	10	He said not a word to Lilly , even when I asked for his approval , his blessing .
tr	6	Let 's change into all black clothing . "
tr	11	Bookstores always had parchment , quills , and ink in addition to any volumes they 'd invested in .
tr	9	I don 't tell you what to eat .
tr	11	- And how does Warsaw look like to you ?
tr	11	I watched my son being led away , his child 's eyes tracking my face .
tr	8	She shivers , and I watch goose bumps pattern along her arms and legs .
tr	8	" ' Felix Thorne himself killed you " .
tr	10	We will do ourselves no good if we continue , and I am getting tired . "
tr	9	Neither Order forbade their Hunters from playing with their prey .
tr	8	" No clue , " said Taylor , " let 's just walk down here some more .
tr	5	I don 't remember . "
tr	10	He coughed and took a rasping breath , a stream of red bubbles staining his lips .
tr	9	Although the shooting had stopped , everyone was still very much in a state of alarm .
tr	9	I plan to detail my recommendations for this problem in a separate report .
tr	6	Worse , a queer , high note sang in her ears .
tr	6	" Obviously , you and the other survivors should relocate , " Brody said .
tr	7	Maybe I 'll go straight home to Karen and Henry .
tr	11	There 's something I need to do .
tr	6	" Ah ... I see , " Rand smiled a little .
tr	10	Monti says he lives just up the road on the right .
tr	7	A sudden fluttering of wings high up in the arched roof nearly made his heart stop .
tr	7	Jeff leaned over to Jenny , " Perhaps we should find another gambling parlor . "
tr	7	Chris couldn 't believe it himself .
tr	10	Never did figure out who did it ... ... . .
tr	5	And to my shock and horror , he bends and kisses my lips .
tr	8	" You know the second part won 't change .
tr	9	" He can be ... well , sometimes it 's just better not to tell him things . "
tr	10	I stopped fighting to feel better .
tr	6	The mention of the word " murder " gave the project a definition , a stature .
tr	9	The chief lit the ceremonial pipe with a long slender stem from the fire .
tr	8	Chapter 4 Dave and Rob were sweaty and hungry when they finally reached the lodge .
tr	7	A look that included Cade .
tr	7	Plenty of jungle experience in Malaya ... speaks fluent Malay ... .
tr	11	She quickly added , " but I 'm sure it will be interesting . "
tr	8	As they walked home , Sarah stayed quiet a while before opening up .
tr	7	' I don 't think so , ' I replied , shaking my head .
tr	9	They knew they were being hunted .
tr	11	I never needed to see you as anything other than a mate . '
tr	5	Of two long , curving boughs , he fashioned outrigger arms .
tr	11	Sorry to barge on in considering the circumstances .
tr	5	I 'm terrified and giggly .
tr	7	In addition to the key , we pulled three more revolvers off the men .
tr	8	They 're pinned down at the rear and can 't go forward because of the debris .
tr	7	" Hey , " Rift replies , briefly lifting a greeting hand .
tr	9	The tram screamed against the metal track as it resisted the decrease in speed .
tr	7	" Go around front and wait ! "
tr	6	" John , what the devil ... " " No time , Jamison .
tr	7	I 'm working my way through them .
tr	8	A video of the cart overturned and the horse hopelessly entangled in its harness and cart brackets flashed into her mind .
tr	10	" I won 't kill her unless I have to . "
tr	6	Yet another Luton truck approached and I scanned its licence plate .
tr	9	The Prince wasn 't certain what was happening .
tr	10	They ran quickly through the shadows , hearing the sounds of alarm from all around them .
tr	8	Looking about at the carnage , though , Alex knew in the depths of his heart that the world had changed .
tr	8	Without pleasantries or introduction , he shouted " Show me the bastard ! "
tr	11	Connor felt like asking Billy to pay the bill .
tr	6	Catch them at an embarrassing moment ? "
tr	9	He 'd crashed into a long , sleek boat on a trailer .
tr	9	As he tiptoed across the floor , she muttered without moving , " Please don 't disturb this burial site . "
tr	9	Beverly was certain , had there been real chips , they would easily fill a desk drawer .
tr	8	The arch 's slope increases dramatically near the bottom , the plunge into the pool becoming a vertical drop .
tr	8	' Just leave it with me and off you pop and have yourself a nice few drinks . '
tr	8	" I don 't - " Josie started to say .
tr	8	" Small things , " Mai shrugs , not thinking the feat particularly awe inspiring .
tr	10	" There is no excuse that I can give you , " he continued with difficulty .
tr	8	' What are you gon na do ? '
tr	9	I need you to listen to me very carefully . "
tr	10	" You 've got lots of things in there . "
tr	9	Yoshimura and her three friends approached Conway as he stood off by himself .
tr	7	Getting up she took a piece of paper from the dosing porter 's desk .
tr	7	" What an excellent question , one I have asked myself constantly over the years .
tr	9	The rapping came again , usually I would be hailed on the intercom or phone .
tr	10	" Why do you wan na go up in the attic again ? "
tr	11	" Me too , especially if that means reuniting with my husband . "
tr	5	" I mean , the guy 's a total cult leader .
tr	7	" I 'm so sorry , Amy , " he said , opening his arms .
tr	8	His blank stare indicated he had none .
tr	8	" Surround him so that he may not escape . "
tr	8	I wonder if they do lessons ?
tr	7	" Come forward , boy , and you , too , Hank , " Sylvester called .
tr	10	" Just pray and tell God what you just told me .
tr	6	" Try knocking , " he told her with a snicker .
tr	7	She breathed on the glass and wrote her name on the glass .
tr	5	Despite the crime spree they weren 't a penny richer .
tr	9	Tell your elves that they done good . "
tr	9	She could see the platform high above and the steps on the one side .
tr	6	" Okay , ladies , one more little errand and we 're off , " he told them .
tr	11	He signaled two of his men to retrieve Rick .
tr	10	She held them up , and they seemed the right size and agreed to purchase them .
tr	5	No pictures on the walls , a rickety bookcase , a small old-fashioned television .
tr	7	Then he turned back and stared the other lieutenant long in the face .
tr	9	" Now look what you 've done , " he said , his dark eyebrows twitching together .
tr	8	For another , I shall not have time : I also need to rest . "
tr	10	Telling him now might simply result in him rebelling and possibly becoming irrational ! '
tr	6	Once off the train , they drove across a large parking lot toward Customs .
tr	6	But as the dream flared , an awesome and horrifying vista opened for him on the coming years .
tr	5	" I just ... " " I know , " Kevin said .
tr	8	Mirai was staring into her ski bag now , silently nodding in satisfaction .
tr	10	They hit it off as old soldiers usually do .
tr	7	The East is lush and green ; the West flat and dusty , and the Northern border sports a wall .
tr	8	I can 't stop this idiotic Journey , but I can stop your miserable plan .
tr	6	" I 'm so sorry , Eva , " he whispers into my ear with his husky voice .
tr	8	At least we 've got the tools for this job . "
tr	10	Brand didn 't want Harald to be suspicious , despite her protests that His Honor would not care .
tr	11	All in all , they 're nowhere close to us , but given enough time they could be . "
tr	9	Mirai 's breath caught at the sight of the man 's face .
tr	11	" I guess we see who the real pervert is now ! "
tr	7	From a hook on the corner of the shelves , hung a military pistol belt .
tr	10	" You need to eat , " he said calmly , but the tone left no doubt it was an order .
tr	9	" I suppose it is , " she agreed as she wiped tears from her face .
tr	10	Well , perhaps a bit more cautiously , since I 'm glaring at him .
tr	9	Gold has silver , houses have condos and guns have knives ... but land ?
tr	10	" Will we be present during the discussions with the scientist ? "
tr	7	All three of the skate zombies were still carrying their boards with them .
tr	8	" We 'll you 're certainly not the princess . "
tr	6	" You better believe it , " Lilly Ann confirmed the obvious .
tr	10	She just stood there , holding his head letting him breathe .
tr	8	I was faster and stronger than he was .
tr	8	He was a tall , blonde young man with a strong jaw and sharp blue eyes .
tr	6	As she moved , her dress rustled in an expensive way .
tr	5	" Did it have a crooked tail ? "
tr	9	" Yes it is , " said Terry " we 've sedated her and we 've called the vet .
tr	8	It was a Manchester accent and quite loud but it was nevertheless music to Mike 's ears .
tr	10	" Engineering , my team is on the way to investigate , " Red explains .
tr	9	How long do I wait to be contacted ?
tr	9	It 's the other factors I 'm worried about . "
tr	11	It looked like she had been dragged at one point .
tr	8	" Seems he 'd have more connections than you would . "
tr	8	" Will that be all ? "
tr	6	Just don 't take too long .
tr	10	Melody heard Ted 's feet crunching on the gravel as he headed down the alley .
tr	6	" No , " the waiter spoke , his voice deep and his accent strong .
tr	6	As for the horrified part , that all depends on my next few questions . "
tr	6	Abby waved , blew a kiss and signed off .
tr	10	There were many names Taylor mentioned and many sweet stories he recounted , tragic losses and glorious victories .
tr	6	" Abby , can you put those glasses on the table ?
tr	8	" She 's got it , " Gabe says under his breath even as he lifts his gun .
tr	6	' It 's daylight all right , ' he said , ' there is an opening . '
tr	10	' Of course John , just show me where I have to go . '
tr	8	One of the drawers contained underwear and that was it .
tr	10	Alejo carefully closed the door then turned to his youngest siblings , trying a reassuring smile .
tr	8	He had his thumbnails ripped out ... then they sent him off to the gallows , and had him hanged . "
tr	9	Nice to see you awake Terra .
tr	10	' I 'm sure that 's right , ' John said .
tr	8	" You 're just ten , and your life is easier , " Tori said .
tr	11	I was stunned the slut was useful for a change .
tr	10	Eventually I must have drifted off to sleep , for Logan shook me awake some time later .
tr	8	' Who better to teach than the king 's brother ? '
tr	9	He picked out another one but it put it back as well , and he realized that he was bored .
tr	9	" That 's why I called you , " said Karen .
tr	11	Withholding comment for the time being , Rift struggles to pull himself up the gradual slope of the wall .
tr	6	" Ok , but your study it is not chosen randomly .
tr	5	" Good afternoon , Victoria , " said Ahmad .
tr	8	He will make attempt on your life , and without my help , he may succeed .
tr	10	Eric squinted at Muhammad , as if seeing him for the first time .
tr	8	" I didn 't add veggies into the batter this time , " he said .
tr	10	The pod was lifted from the rear of the truck and onto a trolley .
tr	8	" No one knows exactly where they 're kept .
tr	11	She wasn 't sure what to make of it .
tr	5	" Lies , truth , justice , injustice , the buck stops , here . "
tr	6	" The earth angel , the sign of Saint Peter shone in red and golden colors on the shield .
tr	8	Could we train animals to work our will ?
tr	10	It was a little like pointing a rifle at a target and getting your bearings later .
tr	9	We will send the success signal once the ' eagle has landed ' . "
tr	7	Zoe peeked out of the hole , looked down and blinked a few times .
tr	11	Jason had to admit she looked miserable .
tr	8	Gabriel glanced in the rearview mirror as Benjamin shut the gate .
tr	10	Gabe reaches out for the lamp on the table between our beds .
tr	9	Let everyone think cooperation was universal , and maybe it would be .
tr	6	In the doorway stood a young woman in a navy skirt and jacket and a big , outrageous hat .
tr	10	" Do you have the plan with you ? "
tr	11	" Your brother has told me a lot of stories about what you endured during your adventures into Africa .
tr	6	In a flash , the three elves grasped hands with Dorian in the center .
tr	8	I figured out that Abby made a terrible mistake .
tr	7	The spices made my nose run , and the beer made my dining companions laugh and reminisce .
tr	10	He paused abruptly and seemed to struggle with his emotions .
tr	6	Finn turned his green eyes to mine , concern and worry etching lines into his handsome face .
tr	9	That explained what had tripped him .
tr	9	" Apart from being a witness to the bus accident , she can identify you . "
tr	7	Honor your father and your mother and you have said a thousand prayers .
tr	10	I would think that would help them .
tr	6	The person brought out a rifle from a pack on his back .
tr	10	Now wasn 't the time to play games , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	5	" No , not forever , " Onyx said menacingly .
tr	11	" Do you want me to file him ? "
tr	6	She could not long keep up that flailing whirlwind .
tr	10	You 've ... you 've adopted a peasant family for heaven 's sake .
tr	8	I smile , but still my intuition did not left me alone .
tr	5	At that hour , on a deserted suburban street , nobody was around .
tr	5	Alejo felt his face heat .
tr	11	He paused , feeling that his omission of certain facts was only wise .
tr	8	" That guy iced a lot of people before we found him .
tr	6	" We 're at ... it 's a war ? "
tr	8	Like he wanted to kill someone .
tr	11	' Wan na come back for a cup of tea first ? '
tr	7	, but he could not hold up .
tr	6	" It 's hemp , " she said .
tr	9	" You might want to slow down then . "
tr	6	Voices rose from a dim corridor to my left .
tr	10	He had been so much older than them , to him they were little more than children .
tr	6	" Sharon , please go back downstairs - and keep Eric down there as well . "
tr	11	" Looks like the same system we use back at the airfield , " Bob said to Pitt .
tr	9	He holds all the strings and makes all of the decisions himself .
tr	10	The room erupted in sound as the Superiors heard what Stephanie said .
tr	8	" When they open the floor to dancing we can put out feelers . "
tr	7	Neil punched Simon in the stomach .
tr	7	Tuesday 29th November 1983 The next day Katherine and Calvin both secured days off work despite the short notice .
tr	11	" Let me know if he calls again . "
tr	7	He crossed himself and collapsed into his chair .
tr	8	They were now aware of the JP and coveted her resources .
tr	7	Eat up at once and get ready . "
tr	9	he asked in a playful voice as he rummaged through the bag .
tr	6	They paused a moment , heads bowed , and then stepped back and away .
tr	7	Ignoring her attitude , he extended his arms and squeezed his way into the passageway .
tr	10	I want to know what happened .
tr	8	I made up terrible things because I was so , so angry . "
tr	11	She knew what Chase said was true .
tr	8	" There 's nothing wrong with that , " cooed Logan .
tr	7	CHAPTER EIGHT In the middle of the night , Brand awoke short of breath .
tr	6	Burning , aching , her skin was too hot ... too tight ... " Darling , " she pleaded .
tr	7	And then forget all this ever happened .
tr	6	Malcolm lay in the grass .
tr	11	His eyes flickered as if trying to read Alejo 's expression , and then he sighed .
tr	8	She said getting into the elevator .
tr	8	" If by ' beautiful city ' you mean a cesspool of corruption , then yes , it is . "
tr	8	Neil and Riki came next , Riki looking uncharacteristically solemn .
tr	7	The king nodded towards us , a new appreciation in his eyes .
tr	9	" We lock them up , and get the hell out of here , " snapped Logan .
tr	9	He waved Simon down asking for his assistance .
tr	11	" The old man saw an opportunity to build his own army of super soldiers .
tr	7	They hadn 't found Noah 's body .
tr	8	" What , " he starts , backing away from the image .
tr	7	He just ate his dinner , drank his beer and watched the people in the bar .
tr	6	But she felt so dizzy , and simply couldn 't move .
tr	10	" Because , I don 't know if you have noticed , but I 'm pretty big .
tr	9	There were also healers , and here and there , a courtier was seen rushing somewhere .
tr	6	" Ease up , back there , " Bobby replied , " focus on your thinking . "
tr	9	Kurt fished around in the inside pocket of his jacket and extracted the title to the motorcycle .
tr	7	" So what was familiar in the paper ? "
tr	10	I 'm trying to work on problems . "
tr	10	It was evident by looking at the people .
tr	10	I had seen enough , so I opened the portal and returned to the edge of the camp .
tr	7	Neil asked , feeling ridiculous .
tr	9	I know that 's tight , but this opportunity might slip away . "
tr	7	Did he have moments of clarity ?
tr	6	She responds , " I 'm good , " and he begins the second injection .
tr	9	I returned his smile back and left the room with seats on a lobby then in a restaurant .
tr	6	I ate one hotdog and between the other two guys the three packs disappeared .
tr	7	He let off the throttle and slammed on his brakes .
tr	11	He would let the group take time to digest everything .
tr	7	The whole crew moved into the kitchen and shuffled chairs around for a staff meeting .
tr	10	' They seem to have been at war pretty much since . '
tr	6	Was it his imagination , or had Harry opened up a bigger lead ?
tr	6	Her husband , Archon , slew Apostolos , and in grief she destroyed her entire family . "
tr	5	' Yes Alan , I gathered as much . '
tr	8	She went to pull the arrow .
tr	8	" Talking to you is a waste of my time , " Dagger declares .
tr	6	Surely they are our allies , ' said an old man near the front .
tr	9	" Once you were close to the girl , the plan was to infiltrate her father 's company .
tr	10	He was the last of his line , and he was treated with respect because he showed such promise .
tr	9	He pulled off the older man 's helmet and checked for signs of life .
tr	11	" Let 's see just how much jelly 's in there . "
tr	10	But soon , they find themselves thrown together in a deadly race for survival .
tr	11	The sword made a swishing sound as it passes her till it reached the target .
tr	6	Dan Jansen swallowed again then sighed and hung his head .
tr	8	Right to the heart of their organization !
tr	6	He tilted his head and gave me his full attention .
tr	10	I begged you to go get him , but you just kept saying ' Gabriel , take my hand . '
tr	10	He was taken aback not by the scepter but by the mark on her hand .
tr	11	Figure I 'll be out of cigarettes in less than a month .
tr	10	This is the only thing that kept the game in control .
tr	7	While it was blinded , Jin and Saga ran up on opposing sides and hit it with an energy palm .
tr	9	" I 've told you all I can , " protested the jeweller .
tr	10	" Put him back in the lake " replied George .
tr	9	I try to scream and suck down the pills instead .
tr	10	Not only that , but he would take everything else he could .
tr	11	" Do I have to repeat the rules ? "
tr	7	Iris 's eyes quickly darted in his direction , casting a cutting look , then back at the men .
tr	9	This step is both logical and necessary as we go forward into interstellar space .
tr	11	I can understand what she 's saying for a start .
tr	6	Two world class hackers protecting their home with low rent antique alarm equipment .
tr	7	I asked , " Where is he ? "
tr	9	The only similarity Adele could make out was their dark eyes , smouldering with great vitality .
tr	5	That Shopko was now a pawn shop and payday lender .
tr	9	Three SUVs and a jeep are lined up behind each other at the end of the road .
tr	7	Her eyes felt heavy and her caffeine content was well below safe levels .
tr	6	" Yes , " Fang agreed , " He also uses that sword ... a lot . "
tr	9	Will you tell me how to get home ? "
tr	5	" Well , the movers were in and out all morning . "
tr	7	Out in the yard , a young waitress put down her tray on a table and pointed at the river .
tr	5	' Yes , ' said the Bastian tech .
tr	9	The first mate was all too willing to comply and scattered up the stairs out of site .
tr	10	And sure enough , the next thing I knew they were crying like babies .
tr	10	The Prince watched in horror as the Imperial army took the first tier of the city .
tr	7	" Mana , " Neil asked , " are they feeding you ?
tr	8	I periodically drive down to Bristol , to a gun club down there .
tr	9	Under Finn 's orders , she had lured the American to her mother 's farm nearly five weeks earlier .
tr	10	Everything else was small pockets of survivors surrounded by chaos and death .
tr	9	" What happens when it fails completely ?
tr	7	Anyone know the caliber of bullet ? "
tr	5	Omar and Jabir kept a strict regimented training schedule .
tr	9	Joshua hoped the power would come back up soon .
tr	8	He followed them out of the bathroom , stuffing their discarded clothing into his ripped plastic market bag on the way .
tr	7	" Don 't get too close too quickly , " she warned .
tr	9	" You don 't need the council 's approval for this , you all have the power right here .
tr	11	And yet do you hear how people ridicule him ? "
tr	10	It rattled her more than her mother 's unaccustomed gentleness , more than Ruth 's illness .
tr	9	" The man 's my friend , more important to me than my own blood . "
tr	7	Duke looked down at his parchment , skimming the words , and then flipped to the next page .
tr	9	I 've had it with the two of you .
tr	10	Raphael didn 't know where to look but felt he should say something .
tr	7	He paused and gazed at me with narrowed eyes .
tr	8	I said , " Allan about the armament ? "
tr	5	" Hello Gemma , " said a soft and melodious voice .
tr	6	" Alejo , I was a loser and a coward .
tr	8	" But ... " Her worries and fears stricken me to the core .
tr	7	I am happy for you both , honestly .
tr	10	He knew he had seen her die .
tr	7	Brand walked up behind his friend and grabbed his hand .
tr	9	I 'm on the Fleetwood ferry heading over to Larne .
tr	7	Atticus looked down at the cold watery grave , took a deep breath and let go .
tr	10	Some key strongholds were ready , but not enough to hold up a general advance .
tr	10	" Well , I got to be getting home , " he said .
tr	5	The room was cozy but cramped .
tr	10	I was lucky enough to land an appearance on the Morning Sun . "
tr	6	As the beating continued , Raja looked at the crying boy , helplessly .
tr	9	" And what fair country do you hail from , my lady ?
tr	7	' Instead of which , ' Meatball murmured , ' we 've all disappeared for good . '
tr	11	I wanted to see what was happening .
tr	10	" There were just too many things that didn 't make sense .
tr	7	Still others bucked , reached out and bit , or shied away at the commotion .
tr	5	The occupants remained a mystery .
tr	7	He packed the laptop and other items in his school bag and went downstairs .
tr	6	Hebrew , Cyrillic , Greek , or anything else you can imagine . "
tr	8	I stayed there , never sleeping , until dawn .
tr	10	He has packed various new and fancy tools to measure distance and survey the desert .
tr	7	Like kind , smiling and important scientists and ... , of course madly interested in the universe and space .
tr	8	Someone at the back of the group sneezed .
tr	11	You 'll be doing very well to stay out of their clutches for long . "
tr	9	I paid out the rope through frozen finger as he plowed his way through the deep snow .
tr	10	he asked Edie May who curiously looked up from her studies at the sudden question .
tr	11	Before David left , they had decided to mark out the garden for the spring planting upon his return .
tr	11	Not to mention her annoying habit of creeping up on him .
tr	10	I can 't believe he 's done this . "
tr	7	On the other hand , he wasn 't prepared for that .
tr	7	If the latter ... the magnitude of the task amazed him .
tr	11	Best not to ask Riley to guess things .
tr	11	This would explain their ability to appear and disappear at will .
tr	5	" Yea , maybe , for a short time , maybe it did . "
tr	7	Stepping forward quickly , with the unconscious Jimmy still on his shoulder , Mark closed the distance to the last agent .
tr	8	Arriving back at his container Taylor heard a Jeep engine approaching from the main gate .
tr	7	' Well , yeah , travelling by submarine is not exactly my favourite mode of transportation .
tr	10	There weren 't a lot of places to hide .
tr	6	" I have no idea , " he said .
tr	11	Malcolm grabbed my hand , trying to pull me in the other direction .
tr	11	" Tell him I 'm on my way with help .
tr	11	There was no way it would cover everything , but just maybe she could cover enough .
tr	10	Please let it go to voicemail .
tr	7	In the time when the sun shone its first magnificent rays upon this once beautiful and perfect world . "
tr	7	Sarah added two more eggs to the skillet and felt her own stomach growl .
tr	7	It hadn 't rained or snowed in 24 hours .
tr	9	Nathan moved along the right wall and felt the boys come in behind him .
tr	7	With a final backward look and a resolute sigh , she let her excitement push aside her fears .
tr	10	It didn 't hurt that he saw Pound signs in his eyes either .
tr	11	Kevin hurried to the drapery that hung over the exit .
tr	8	She had also cut several strands of tough , thin vine .
tr	8	Dear God , don 't let this be happening .
tr	9	Though the rain bears down on him relentlessly , his golden gauntlets still seem to glimmer in the sparse light .
tr	6	" And with its long , dark and cavernous corridor , it 's a real treat , " Barret persisted .
tr	5	Mr. Gonsalves ' mottled , olive complexion and watery aquamarine eyes gave away his age .
tr	7	Roberto walked over to her and ripped her shirt from her back , exposing her soft , silky skin .
tr	6	Firing it up he noted all the outgoing numbers plus the dates and times .
tr	9	" I agree , " said George , " anyway it 's Christmas Day and we should just enjoy it .
tr	8	" Well , it was a little extreme , but effective and it did serve its purpose . "
tr	11	He turned his gaze back to Layla and she felt as if a sword were pointed at her .
tr	6	Hardened feathers and scales of demonic owls and lizards became the tiles on her roof .
tr	8	" If he doesn 't fight this man , I will lose the village . "
tr	5	Despite the blood and ash and pain and anguish , her smile lit his soul .
tr	9	He chased it with a second , while Fish stuck to one .
tr	9	A thrill of panic throbbed through Valerian , driving the last vestige of mercy from his fierce soul .
tr	7	This was far higher than the lower space orbit area used by most craft like the International Space Station .
tr	8	Is this for me ? "
tr	9	' Nothing else on for today ; thought I 'd find you here . '
tr	8	Almost instantly , I felt strength leave my muscles .
tr	9	They were never going to get out .
tr	6	Keeping her blade forward , she stretched out her other hand into the fog .
tr	10	Rafe watched them calmly , his eyes alert to their every movement , before suddenly launching upon them a ferocious attack .
tr	7	Kaya was incredibly strong for his age , barely four feet and yet fighting like a master .
tr	8	" Now what does that tell you about their intentions ? "
tr	7	" It 's an axe , Byron , and it belongs here at the wood pile .
tr	9	" Dad said not to tell you , " John said , frowning at her .
tr	6	Still , with each circle the " O " grew further and further out of the tree .
tr	7	His hands were tied behind his back .
tr	11	Stephanie demanded , puffing as she ran beside the others .
tr	7	The surreal environment from his dreams is exactly as her remembers .
tr	7	" If nothing else , we owe him the chance . "
tr	8	" My name is Hailey , " she said specifically sounding out the words hay and lee .
tr	6	' That 's not too bad ' I said .
tr	6	This isn 't a social call , " said Mayor Leslie Mitchell .
tr	9	He was trying to tame her .
tr	11	" Manny , the kids have something they want us to consider .
tr	8	Had Alejo cleaned blood from her face while she was sleeping ?
tr	8	Brand shrugged off a spear of envy at these people 's enchanted lives , though now they were long dead .
tr	6	Behind him , in the truck , Josie winced at the terrific impact .
tr	9	Jeff had to laugh to himself .
tr	6	Finally , they walked down a long hallway with no offices or exits on either side .
tr	10	She gasps in disbelief at the sight of the huge debris field where Omicron Station should be .
tr	8	Maybe , if his parents forgave him , they would take him in and he could go fishing for his father .
tr	10	He was going to be in the newspaper .
tr	11	Only Landon managed to escape whatever awful magnetism she had .
tr	6	" True , " Lewis shook his head ruefully , and then his expression became thoughtful .
tr	8	In the end it was his father 's warning he heeded , despite the grand temptation .
tr	8	They hugged and congratulated each other , then hurried to the junction .
tr	7	His long yellow hair was tied back , but still several strands sprang about his cheeks , thick and curly .
tr	9	She appeared genuinely pleased to see me .
tr	10	His persistence , and his complete inability to hide his attraction to her , had finally won her over .
tr	7	" I don 't feel right about this . "
tr	6	There were three rooms upstairs ; two large bedrooms and a wash room with a dry sink and chamber pot .
tr	7	Then I could look for Mom .
tr	8	I love talking about airplanes .
tr	9	Once he had completed his mandatory military commitments , at 21 he left Africa to mature in Europe .
tr	9	Not only did you fail there but you did here too . "
tr	9	The head was vaguely human , but instead of smooth skin had scales , like a snake .
tr	7	" It 's part of our culture . "
tr	10	What if he turned out to be a homicidal killer ?
tr	6	" I have a medical kit , " he said hoarsely .
tr	9	Pieces of the destroyed dragon fleet welded together in order to make one large monstrosity .
tr	11	You 're a lot more vulnerable than you think you are . "
tr	10	A large party could override him and still strike before the tribe was prepared .
tr	7	" Oh , just below us , " remarked Jeff as he pushed the button for the fifteenth floor .
tr	7	The Minister looked again at Tork , visibly exasperated ; then back to me .
tr	9	And I added , " Be extra careful , there 's no insurance , and the tags expired . "
tr	9	As curious as he was , it wasn 't his business to ask .
tr	11	" Would you like to try to fly her ? "
tr	11	Did you see it fly ? "
tr	7	Riki put one hand over her mouth .
tr	7	As he stood Tony gave him a foot to the stomach .
tr	6	Callie is like the neatest person ever .
tr	7	To give up your life for it .
tr	8	Chapter Three A Meeting It was really a beautiful morning to be out and about .
tr	10	I knew what brought you here ; now I know what you want from the UN .
tr	7	Avalon opens below me , and I drop into the magical island .
tr	7	But he isn 't coming with the plane ? "
tr	8	He has nothing more to lose and his actions will be desperate . "
tr	7	For my part , I was enchanted by the mysterious woman .
tr	8	You and Jesse Owens will be the major upset of the games .
tr	5	his dark ochre eyes were wide and serious .
tr	9	I touched an ordinary looking section of the cool white stone .
tr	5	" I just , well , I never had such good friends before . "
tr	11	But err , don 't say owt if you catch me yawning again eh ? '
tr	7	Light , heat , water and nutrition are the necessary attributes for sustained plant growth . "
tr	8	Hopefully , when the extraterrestrials land on Earth , there will be dinosaurs available still .
tr	9	I see a thin girl with honey colored hair turned dark with water .
tr	10	Get one that goes with her .
tr	11	I still don 't see why you can 't just call me on the phone . "
tr	10	asked Steve bewildered by this bit of information .
tr	9	He turned from the window and saw Calvin Pickett sitting alone at their table .
tr	8	" We employed Steve as a land surveyor before he built his Pyramid scheme , right ? "
tr	8	" Time to go ? "
tr	11	Ted stood up and grabbed the lawn chair to move it closer to the fire .
tr	8	After the two had walked a bit , the captain spoke again .
tr	8	She kept her hands out in warning , backing towards her horse .
tr	8	Years later , when he retold the story to his mum , she looked shocked .
tr	8	Roads were being restored , but railways were the primary source of travel between provinces or for any distance .
tr	6	' Besides , our great iron plates can 't be pierced or gashed ! '
tr	9	Rain taps against the window trying to get in , and the thick banks of clouds are already diminishing the sunlight .
tr	5	After my days off , my first day back is always the hardest .
tr	9	" We were part of the first scouting party sent across .
tr	10	It was almost night when they reached the outskirts of town .
tr	5	" Lucien ... " " Trust me in this , my dear , " he pleaded softly .
tr	6	The three of them walked out into the warehouse .
tr	6	One such wet evening he went for a walk around the Infirmary Project .
tr	7	The young Raccoon straddled over him and crushed his small body in its sharp omnivore teeth .
tr	9	The truck continued getting closer to the flock but , they did not scatter as birds normally would .
tr	8	" What could bring them from their own realm ? "
tr	5	Given my current studies , ' undead ' suits very well . "
tr	6	Businesses , investors , politicians , charitable organizations , you name it , they all want it .
tr	11	To grow in , " she continues , trying desperately to sell him on the notion .
tr	9	" Don 't say that it was nothing , Captain .
tr	8	The glass had all been cleaned up , and the inside swept clean .
tr	8	Despite the anxiety humming through my veins , my lips twisted in a wry grin .
tr	9	" Let 's get to work then , " Taylor assumed control of the situation .
tr	7	Billy was what he said .
tr	8	We always need help keeping this place together . "
tr	6	Taylor looked at Edie May for answers .
tr	7	They entered as a group , sat down , and enjoyed coffee and freshly made pastries .
tr	7	Nope , me and my friends kind of half live here . "
tr	6	Half the monster 's size , yet he topples it !
tr	11	To be shore of that thought , I stopped at a parked car and looked in a rear-view mirror .
tr	9	She moved herself and settled down in the centre of the camp .
tr	5	As a result , the tanks let off an audible hum all the time .
tr	6	" Then you are welcome here as well , " the woman said in a kinder tone .
tr	6	Enter religion , politics , and science -- our ultimate arbiters of meaning -- the creators and purveyors of group meaning .
tr	10	" I will not go in without my ... dear wife , " Brand said , glancing furtively at Hilda .
tr	11	Like Seamus , was this how it would end for him ?
tr	6	The hairs along my arm rose .
tr	7	" Tell us about him , " Benjamin pushed away the plate of bread and cheese .
tr	6	He shoved aside the dead girl , let off two shots , and ran .
tr	11	That was something he would build in time .
tr	8	" Come on , " he said , helping her stand up by his side .
tr	7	And Ben 's guardian Angel , immediately reacted to Ben 's thoughts .
tr	9	" The word laser started as an acronym for ' light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation , ' LASER .
tr	8	Daniel walked to the Science Lab and took his seat next to Freddie , his lab partner .
tr	10	Abby said , being dressed in a short skirt and a thin blouse with long sheer sleeves .
tr	7	Fuchs and the Faith want the absolutist ideals of social hierarchy by bloodline .
tr	5	Instantly a horrible roar shook the woods .
tr	8	I want to avoid him .
tr	10	Many kids could be heard murmuring about the rumored pop quiz .
tr	5	And now you 're a witness . "
tr	8	" Don 't worry , they have an Angel with them , " said Sophia reassuringly .
tr	9	" Will you come with us ? "
tr	5	Four large supreme pizzas , breadsticks , soda , salad , and cinnamon bread was her first purchase .
tr	9	Most importantly we will once again become a beacon of peace ... not fear ... not war .
tr	9	That the cancer has spread and they need to change her treatment . "
tr	10	I was daydreaming , " stated Simon , whilst admiring the beautiful girl standing in front of him .
tr	6	' Less of the " my dear " , if you please , I don 't know you , sir .
tr	8	Since the launch of the fleet building program , the American government had become the administrative equivalent of a liposuction patient .
tr	8	She walked Dan to the line of horses .
tr	7	Connie opened her door but sat with the 22 on her lap .
tr	10	Cisco asked , and then he looked up to see Roberto right behind her .
tr	8	That thing wants to take over my implant ?
tr	10	Someone has to be left alive .
tr	10	There 's nowhere to freaking sit . "
tr	7	Nate nodded , but his mind was already far off into space at that point .
tr	5	" Good morning , Gabe , this is Joey Beretta . "
tr	7	He stood up , stretched , walked over to the window and looked across the courtyard to the barn .
tr	11	Abby laughed harder , taking a minute to compose herself .
tr	8	This time , several skylights filled the hall with warm patches of light .
tr	9	He pulled the door open a few more inches , and they slipped through .
tr	6	" Don 't thank me .
tr	10	The effect was rather spoiled by the heaving mass of tourists all around .
tr	8	The line began to pour through .
tr	6	Nothing like it , " he purrs as his lips curve into a malicious smirk .
tr	7	Their time in the hunting shack was warm and restful , but they must not get complacent .
tr	7	My armor is hidden here , so only someone of my choosing can find them . "
tr	8	Finally , he grunted and nodded at me with a strangely satisfied expression .
tr	8	This place was larger than I originally thought .
tr	8	I arrived at Government House fifteen minutes early and at two sharp there was a call from the radio operator .
tr	7	A pleasure to meet you . "
tr	8	" Did the Star shine when the war was on ? "
tr	10	" I think you 're nuts , " he grumbled before he stepped up to the driver 's door .
tr	10	They said it was dangerous , but I asked around , you know ?
tr	8	An unidentified ship is moving away and is activating an event horizon , " Warrior reports .
tr	7	It 's over two billion dollars now . "
tr	7	Jimmy reached into his pocket and pulled out his iPhone .
tr	8	Lying to an earl < five counts > .
tr	7	Another figure made its way towards the wounded woman behind the pillar , an ivory headed cane in hand .
tr	9	Henrik 's eyes narrowed as he looked at Gunnar .
tr	11	I guess that 's what I look like .
tr	5	" Come on , Reynolds , have a little imagination .
tr	7	I said , standing up .
tr	8	Above the bodies of these faithful heroes , Phillip glided onwards , no doubt more taken with his own brotherly grief .
tr	8	He lay on his back in a shallow puddle of inky water .
tr	9	Jason signals the officer at the weapon 's control console who returns a nod .
tr	8	I had to be careful .
tr	7	He walked to the front door and looked out at the road .
tr	7	Reid pulled up behind a hot dog vendor and went inside the building .
tr	7	Taylor ran his fingers over the highly polished wood surface .
tr	10	Conway made no effort to keep the stiffness out of his voice .
tr	9	She winks at him seductively as she brings her deadly blades into her ready attack stance .
tr	9	The dogs suddenly went quiet , as if on orders , and everybody stayed where they were .
tr	7	Claire let herself be comforted .
tr	6	Here he was in his element .
tr	6	" The point is " , continued Coral , " you found your heart again .
tr	8	She thrashed her head back and forth , squeezing her eyes shut .
tr	10	Many attackers were killed , but there were just too many for the queen to combat .
tr	8	Kurt popped his own door and started to follow .
tr	11	Would you fight if you thought you could lose ?
tr	6	" Dad 's there and so I 'm still going . "
tr	9	All ships , be advised that boarding operations are commencing .
tr	10	Windows with curtains had been set into the wall to the left of each door .
tr	8	" I 'm sure of it , " he said .
tr	9	The glow around its body dims and wavers and then vanishes like a candle snuffed .
tr	11	Taylor slept a lot and enjoyed hot baths in the bath shed next to Lilly Ann 's gingerbread house .
tr	7	He reached into the trunk and brought out a leather case .
tr	7	We have to go . "
tr	8	I grit my teeth to pull out another ten sit-ups .
tr	7	Claire watched the mask slide back in place across his face and felt a heavy lump drop into her stomach .
tr	9	Daniel had heard a sound even she could not hear .
tr	7	The thought lifted his spirits a bit , despite the day 's gloom .
tr	6	But if we march , we bring Death upon their heads by our own hand . '
tr	6	In the darkened living room , moonlight spilling in , Melissa sprawled on the couch .
tr	8	He was sitting , suddenly , gasping and leaning forward onto the pale blue blanket .
tr	9	I have to think of something .
tr	5	" Chrissie - " " No , listen , it 's all right , really .
tr	11	" You said it was to be a deal .
tr	6	We 're really the Three Musketeers , aren 't we ?
tr	10	She was gon na tell on us !
tr	8	The sun was starting to set .
tr	8	Stitches he really didn 't even want to imagine .
tr	11	It wasn 't out of poverty that beggar woman had latched on to them .
tr	8	A blanket was quickly passed down ; she was wrapped and helped on board .
tr	5	' Lucas Thorne , ' he said softly .
tr	6	I frowned , gripped my blades tightly and moved .
tr	9	The driveway went uphill for a hundred yards or so before leveling off .
tr	11	Someone else must be , can he see what a lie it is ?
tr	10	" You might as well come out now ; it 'd be easier for the lot of you . "
tr	8	He paused , memories flooding into his mind .
tr	9	Miriam considered whether to scream and throw things , as she sometimes did .
tr	9	Enormous vines emerges from the ground , binding each limb of the creature .
tr	10	" And this ... traitor , managed to reprogram them without your knowledge ? "
tr	10	Mac had set his Imp to block most noise out .
tr	8	' But Linda Lake 's been a fantastic agent , ' Grace said from her desk .
tr	5	" In a few days , the full moon will rise . "
tr	7	" Can we not learn from them , also ? "
tr	8	When I came back to Cochabamba he was gone .
tr	9	Several of them broke from the group and started running toward Andy .
tr	9	Anyone care to tell me what happened ? "
tr	8	They were devoted to George and Jen and were available in a heartbeat .
tr	6	Chapter 5 " Site two to base . "
tr	8	Tabor wore running gear and seemed chipper and alert .
tr	8	She could clearly see the end of the fence about one hundred yards away .
tr	11	I hope you 're ready to eat . '
tr	8	She turned to lock it .
tr	6	" Son , never witness someone 's death , it is a bad Omen . "
tr	7	For a moment , they held each other at arm 's length .
tr	6	They suggested at the same time .
tr	9	She hadn 't studied the website for this hostel and so was arriving blind .
tr	11	He 'll be back next week when you go for your extra lessons . "
tr	7	" Don 't hold back , " I shot out .
tr	7	A few more feet and I would have had him . "
tr	7	" There is , but I don 't know what .
tr	8	The cage hung from the rock on a huge chain from the stone ledge .
tr	9	She got out at the train station at the other end of the city and looked around .
tr	7	Especially with some snorts and some leaves rustling . "
tr	5	" Bonjour , ça vas bien , merci . "
tr	8	The Firstborn smiled , leaning for her with the hot metal .
tr	9	His fall had ended in a splash , and he was now being swept along by water .
tr	10	How can he not see that this is unlike any other morning ?
tr	6	" I can be unforgiving , too . "
tr	8	The Emu Parade was a punishment nearly as old as the school itself .
tr	11	They walked back to the house in silence each lost in his own thoughts .
tr	7	" How do you come up with this ? "
tr	8	Some eager passengers started up the hill at a run , but soon dropped to a jog and then a walk .
tr	11	" It has been a privilege to serve with you both .
tr	10	He kept walking closer to Brand , and Brand kept backing away , but he 'd hit the wall soon .
tr	9	" Is it that root place ?
tr	6	Without responding , he set the paper aside , then reached in and pulled out the gray sweatshirt inside .
tr	6	Anyway , we don 't know ... ' His voice trailed away .
tr	9	" In any event , it is time for us to move on .
tr	11	The eyes were shadowed as if to hide something deeper .
tr	7	Now it 's time to get started . "
tr	8	Neil felt someone push him to one side .
tr	10	" Were you able to hire them back ? "
tr	8	He strode over to the fallen body and pulled down the back of the robe .
tr	8	Pulling back , she forced Dan to back up a few steps .
tr	6	One of them paused , leaned over the handrail and raised a black object .
tr	9	He had to tend to the farm .
tr	9	This cave became known as the Cave of the Survivors .
tr	7	Who better than the leader of her personal guard ?
tr	7	Slowly his eyes became accustomed to the gloom .
tr	7	Donovan held out the cup to her and she drank from it without thinking .
tr	9	Anatole leaned against the wall to the side , a frown darkening his normally jovial countenance .
tr	9	She would have to kill him .
tr	8	" He looks exactly like me , " said Toby , looking back and forth between 006 and his own body .
tr	8	Unable to cast , Elaina couldn 't escape .
tr	9	Both boys managed to release one arm and used it to strike one another .
tr	7	Scarborough awoke the next morning beside Avery , but saw things in a different light .
tr	7	" You know , " Laurence started to talk .
tr	9	Her palm landed on his face , a reflex action that she cannot avert of .
tr	8	" Mr. Richmond , General John Mortimer here , from the Pentagon , Adjutant to the Chief of Staff .
tr	8	It was the beginning of a domino effect as ill will , food shortages , and disease began stalking the planet .
tr	9	" Ah , ' tis mighty Christian of you , boy , " he said .
tr	9	I had to meet everybody , " Tori lied .
tr	8	We can also find support uses for women and non able-bodied men in logistics and transportation roles .
tr	5	" Yes , I think so as well !
tr	8	" I don 't know , " he said , " I never really thought about it . "
tr	7	In the quiet moments he missed her desperately but he still never cried for her .
tr	6	It 's part of the reason one travels .
tr	6	" And when someone else comes , your girlfriend , or whatever , I 'll just go back home .
tr	8	Somewhere in the early seventies things changed , farmers for the first time in decades had a couple of banner years .
tr	10	As I plummeted head down towards the floor of the atrium , I dropped both arms and started to fire .
tr	6	He sighed , looked down , and shook his head .
tr	7	Chapter 9 We reached peak two from peak three after five hours and a half grueling hours .
tr	8	I had trouble addressing the man this way .
tr	10	Equally as worrying was the fact that no one in his family protested his orders , at least not with words .
tr	10	I wonder what she looks like in a bikini ?
tr	8	And it will be good for the business .
tr	10	Even though he didn 't like Mark , Jimmy was more than happy to talk about politics .
tr	11	" Now it 's up to Ron to package it and present it to industry , " said Ben .
tr	10	Sofia looked down the thick forest that extends from east to west .
tr	9	The gesture surprised Claire and she returned the hug with closed eyes .
tr	10	Thank you for volunteering to help .
tr	7	The path goes from our house to the Palace , but it branches off just here .
tr	11	Now was a good time to start loving her .
tr	9	She 's got to be online right now . "
tr	8	A second man , also in a white coat , arrived and looked carefully at VIN 's limbs and prosthetic legs .
tr	7	" Try that , sweetheart , " she said .
tr	9	As they drew near the main door , it opened and Lance stepped out with a clipboard .
tr	10	Are you going to refuse ? "
tr	7	Arms hooked under my shoulder and rolled me over .
tr	10	Sitting in the little boat , Neil knew that he had just irrevocably changed his life for the worse .
tr	9	She liked to graze on plants .
tr	7	I told you , I 'm not a Muslim anymore , and I have left the organization !
tr	7	I said , " Point taken , you 're right , we haven 't tried that one yet .
tr	10	He had the money and the girl , and there was no one to share with .
tr	11	" We can sometimes change jail time to deportation in the case of a foreigner .
tr	10	" I had a feeling they 'd come now . "
tr	5	Dr. Booth , the " minute man , " clears his throat .
tr	8	The recurring subject matter appeared to be cell cycle control and DNA transposition .
tr	8	The Prince and the Exiles rounded another corner , and came to a small staircase , leading upwards .
tr	8	I decided to follow him .
tr	6	" Daniel lost his mate about a year ago to blood poisoning . "
tr	10	As Noah lay silent Hailey began the work of unwrapping him from the sticky web .
tr	10	For a moment she only gaped at him , then snatched a spoon off the table to peer at her reflection .
tr	7	" Yes , " he said , surprise coloring his voice .
tr	7	What Alex did to you ?
tr	11	Power was something you could hold in your hands .
tr	8	It 's been over a year , and Alfred 's never discussed it with us again .
tr	10	I did as he said and crossed the threshold to a new world .
tr	8	It was really a pity since he is a fine man .
tr	7	She slipped them into the belt under the jacket and grabbed a sword to belt under the jacket .
tr	7	Those damn people created this mess , they sure could live in it in the end . "
tr	6	Playing the pipes is a multidisciplinary activity : equal parts music , physical education , puzzle-solving , and memory training .
tr	7	" My mother , grandmother and Louise are devastated , yet you stand here with a horse . "
tr	7	They were becoming his strength , his support .
tr	8	Then they brought people to the hole to witness the wind .
tr	8	The lake quietly sparkled in the morning light and only a few vehicles were in sight .
tr	8	Over the last year he had caught glimpses of his reflection in windows .
tr	11	There are things I need to know .
tr	10	" Babushka think is good idea for me stay . "
tr	7	Gabe leans back in his chair and looks me over .
tr	10	I can 't say it answered my questions , but I believe I 'm still on the right path .
tr	6	" Once again , why are you still alive ? " '
tr	10	To find a body to use . "
tr	9	Riki regarded him with a screwed-up mouth , an impatient glint in her eyes , and one hand on the doorknob .
tr	10	" Do you have anything else to add Junior Commander ? "
tr	6	" Fine , the couch gives me more love then you do anyway ! "
tr	10	' I told him we 'd be here , ' Katherine said .
tr	6	Now , we took the left and continued the journey .
tr	9	He lifted his boater and nodded , acknowledging a young woman walking by .
tr	5	Walking and talking they approached their new school , Starlight Middle School .
tr	6	she cried fondly , happy smile breaking through her melancholy .
tr	9	You wan na go to the cast party ? "
tr	8	" Elle , get as far away as you can , as fast as you can .
tr	11	They think that 's all it was .
tr	9	Do I need one ? "
tr	7	The warm light of a lamp bathed us as the fallen Courtier and I stared at each other .
tr	11	The find was worth getting excited about .
tr	11	Are you going to divulge our afternoon plans ? "
tr	8	I grabbed his arm , drawing him deeper into the darkened interior .
tr	8	I said , closing the folder very pleased .
tr	8	She heard an intake of breath down the phone and felt her happy mood drain away .
tr	6	" Or you might ; but not the others , and we have no armor .
tr	9	Then she heard the dry coughing sound again and realised her sister was laughing .
tr	8	There was movement on her right , she felt the chain shift .
tr	9	" And I want you to come with me . "
tr	8	Its bright lights flashed , revealing the track ahead , and Miriam caught her breath .
tr	11	I looked at you , and you had a big smile that came onto your face .
tr	6	I first noticed a lone figure swimming hard for the shoreline .
tr	9	I 'm glad to see you .
tr	8	Her eyes never left the man in front of her .
tr	10	Chris glanced at Cobb and saw his mouth was a stern line .
tr	11	The boys drew closer and saw that the building had bars instead of windows .
tr	5	" Yes , my ... Lady Adele . "
tr	8	It was full of pre-school toys , a tiny table , and two little chairs .
tr	6	Rafe felt a chuckle well up within him .
tr	7	She entered through her usual passageway and made her way to the intensive care unit .
tr	10	Don 't be such a baby , " he said making himself smile a little .
tr	10	" How the hell do you expect such a hodgepodge of different languages to work in combat ? "
tr	10	She closed his eyes and saw her hand was shaking badly .
tr	11	This hangar was far larger , one of the three largest hangars situated around the apron .
tr	7	He felt a flicker of hope .
tr	8	" You have been on the grenade range , yes ? "
tr	11	Do you recognize what it is ? "
tr	10	" Thanks , " he said gruffly , observing that he was desperately thirsty .
tr	8	You should have warned me Mercedes . "
tr	5	Not an angry smile , but a sincere one .
tr	8	The green grass and paths with scattered trees and benches stretched in front of me .
tr	7	" You guys shouldn 't talk that way around a lady .
tr	7	He was staring at me in disbelief .
tr	8	" I can 't wait until Fuchs orders his death .
tr	10	He said , " One of Church 's brightest young leaders ; my whispers say ambitious .
tr	9	Maybe we would 've dated and gone to the movies or for ice cream .
tr	11	She flicked through the images on her phone , trying to find the ones with most impact .
tr	7	" If they were that brave then they wouldn 't keep hiding .
tr	8	One of them even leaped right over the dinghy flashing its enormous jaws as it flew past .
tr	7	" I can 't right now , I 'm busy , " she said and went back to her work .
tr	9	" Do you think that thing could protect you ?
tr	11	" That 's why I came here , to teach English .
tr	6	By the time he reached the ringing chamber , he had indeed covered his ears .
tr	7	" No good will come of this . "
tr	10	he asked as he came closer , squinting his eyes .
tr	8	You must find a way , Link , " she sighs , her muscles suddenly relaxing .
tr	8	Let 's talk about Jolie .
tr	11	I 'm glad to hear Declan survives .
tr	6	" Great goodness , for so long !
tr	6	" Don 't you mean , those two are Danes and you are something else .
tr	10	I quivered as I felt the snow melt down my boots .
tr	7	You will go and do your job , and you will do it well . "
tr	9	My friend 's eyes furrowed , and I could feel my irritation growing as well .
tr	9	" Trudy said they 're on the way .
tr	11	It might be time to dip into my wages again .
tr	10	Stalin frowned and stopped stuffing grapes into his mouth from yet another sack of food the guys had carried in .
tr	7	Why did you care for me ?
tr	7	" So you 're not mad at me ? "
tr	10	He smiled when their rhapsody permeated him despite the song 's sad beginning .
tr	8	" Hey , Riki , how big is the island ? "
tr	7	Yes , little Mira , you were such a pretty girl , even then .
tr	11	I thought they 'd just wheel us round and lead us in .
tr	9	Adele was silent , eating her portion of rye bread and cheese with a thoughtful look upon her face .
tr	9	His vision faded followed by a prickly , burning sensation on his forehead .
tr	11	The problem is , you just can 't stay in a moving vehicle forever .
tr	9	Maggie raised an eyebrow and dimples appeared in her cheeks .
tr	7	I 'm sick of the jungle . "
tr	6	" As well he should be , " Donny said with a slight bow .
tr	6	Jacob and Victoria dug into their breakfast with abandon .
tr	7	The vehicle came to a halt a few paces away from us .
tr	11	He took one backward glance before going over the other side , wondering exactly who to tell first .
tr	8	Seconds before their big moment , Randy Earnshaw came to the front of the stage to present himself .
tr	10	I think I need to sleep .
tr	7	" He already has , " Navi chimes in , hovering overhead .
tr	10	I replied as I started gathering our things .
tr	9	" There 's already enough helium isotope in our recently registered claims to cover the cost . "
tr	10	She acquiesced , leading them down more steep stairs into the belly of the ship .
tr	8	He tried to destroy our base !
tr	7	" We 're going the wrong way now , aren 't we ?
tr	6	" The shorter your logistics supply train , the better .
tr	6	" He will hate me . "
tr	6	The water flowed under the road through two large round aluminum culverts .
tr	10	" I was starting to like this shirt , " he said aloud .
tr	10	Why had she let herself be talked into this ?
tr	9	Since he just stood there , eyebrows up , she did what they had done .
tr	11	I looked over my shoulder : there was a crossbow bolt embedded halfway into the boot of the car .
tr	7	" Why did you come with us ? "
tr	9	Claire watched them step off and slide gracefully away into the distance .
tr	6	He missed our wedding , and your family ignores the topic completely .
tr	6	Chapter 9 Miriam , Simon , and Neil his one 's a bit better . "
tr	11	I watch his fingers brush the barrel of his gun , ready to flip it from his holster and shoot .
tr	8	When the coyote whined again Scott lowered his hand and let the animal sniff the glove .
tr	8	He could move about the room but not leave it .
tr	7	Feast your eyes on all those tasty bugs and juicy worms . "
tr	11	Good , I have the element of surprise , that 's always handy .
tr	9	Are you two ... ? "
tr	9	" The coroner still has not made a determination concerning Dickie 's death Gema .
tr	9	Once she thought him incapable of caring .
tr	5	" Listen , what he said - " " About the crash ? "
tr	10	" How far am I allowed to go in this ? "
tr	8	The weather girls ' predictions of a change in conditions already showed promise to be accurate .
tr	8	What she lacked was his reach and the weight of his blade .
tr	8	" Put this on ... " " He 's not a complete dolt , " said 007 , laughing .
tr	11	" What are you trying to hide from me and mom ? "
tr	11	I get so aggravated when I hear stories like this .
tr	10	Mom worked a lot , spent late nights locked away in her office , and frequently left on trips .
tr	8	" Is that why you suggested it ?
tr	7	Finally he started to chew .
tr	7	A decorative band of mink ran down the outside of each trouser leg .
tr	6	" It 's just a grazing , I think . "
tr	10	He was rather glad that he was apparently stuck with her around his court .
tr	10	Josie watched in fascination as the wounds swelled up from inside the stranger .
tr	6	" I see , you 're a tracker , " Sky said to Elaina .
tr	11	And now she could read whatever books she found on the shelves .
tr	5	" Rum it is , then , " Jeff agreed .
tr	5	Five days later , Rylan was not so sure .
tr	7	Nothing waits for the country 's call . "
tr	7	Any resemblance to persons , living or dead , actual events , locales , or organizations is entirely coincidental .
tr	10	I 'm sort of getting used to it , " said Harry .
tr	11	" Don 't get near or touch it ; we don 't know what 's happening , " he warned .
tr	5	" And maybe meddle , just a wee bit , " she finished .
tr	10	His right arm reached around her back to ever so gently steady her against his body .
tr	6	I smile knowingly , and both he and my hair abruptly brighten once more .
tr	9	At the blow , Logan prepared to leap forward , but the charlatan wheeled his pistol towards her head .
tr	10	Stumbling and sloshing , he carried the two buckets toward the sound of Melody 's voice .
tr	7	" Are you fit to ride ?
tr	5	Clang , clang , clang , clang , clang , clang , clang , clang .
tr	10	I 'll be playing against the entire starting lineup with the subs .
tr	7	" On our farm , we had one of the older John Deere Gators .
tr	11	I know I usually let you have your way .
tr	11	" You do not think he is perhaps a little mad do you ?
tr	11	We won 't be gasping for air around here will we ? "
tr	9	She got up , put on whatever she found and went to breakfast .
tr	8	I could hear Anatole 's heavy breaths somewhere to my left .
tr	8	The aircraft was pretty heavy with a company of men and equipment .
tr	9	It had healed quickly and she had eagerly returned to ride .
tr	6	He spreads his hands on the desk .
tr	11	Ahead , Sanctuary sits in the shadows growing larger as Warrior draws closer .
tr	5	" That , gentlemen , was not a rhetorical question . "
tr	10	The warriors themselves are armed with whatever they can carry .
tr	6	' They are , ' said the FBI chief with a curt nod .
tr	11	" It said ' he wore a diamond of yellow ' so why are you looking through his room ?
tr	6	" Let 's go . "
tr	5	Regular as clockwork , seven days a week , small business , we never rest .
tr	7	Chief Silver Eagle spoke to each one , and they smoked the ceremonial pipe .
tr	8	" You think this is a joke ? "
tr	6	" Looks like an old fur coat , " one of the men joked .
tr	7	He stepped onto its platform and pressed a button on the small control box .
tr	5	Remote and fertile , a wooden , lifeless hearth goddess made suddenly real .
tr	11	Grasping it tightly but careful not to break it apart , he picked it up .
tr	11	Rupert downed more coffee , then stiffly sat down in the grass at a comfortable distance from Alejo .
tr	5	This isn 't a good life . "
tr	10	" I 'm telling you he 's in a better place . "
tr	7	I must have saved myself an absolute fortune .
tr	8	Most had seen him around Sampson , but did not know his role .
tr	6	" They 're gone , " Kevin said , " but their stupid brothers are down here .
tr	7	" You won 't be in any danger .
tr	10	Laughing she 'd told him to put her down but he hadn 't .
tr	7	And if they find out , the Khan and everyone else will know you and Alejo are not dead .
tr	8	I could catch but a few short glimpses of him as he moved .
tr	11	" Do I need to report him ? "
tr	11	Julian didn 't intend to look closer into Sebastian 's love life .
tr	6	Love a good rebounded laser in the mouth ... ... " Evil University had never been so popular .
tr	9	But you know that already , working for him and all .
tr	7	" Damn Le , you 're like a ninja or something , " Trae replied .
tr	6	Bad things came for them .
tr	10	Ted thought of the zombies as being in " their " yards .
tr	5	Without those two the family could not survive . "
tr	8	She had a full-length mirror in the opposite corner and a sectional sofa with pull-out bed under the net .
tr	7	Slowly , they removed leftist radicalism and restored the monarchy to its proper place .
tr	9	Until the temperature dropped , it was pleasant enough to leave his cloak untied .
tr	7	Slowly , he extended his hand in greeting .
tr	11	Now you could see some faces hidden under white hoods of tunics .
tr	10	Jolie didn 't want me to focus on him .
tr	8	What could have thrown that ?
tr	5	The evacuation process of Atlantic coastal regions in now in full swing . "
tr	7	" Do you know them ? "
tr	7	" Only by the village half wit , " replied Rafe .
tr	8	" Well , I came to visit Damian . "
tr	6	Yet the fierce , stubborn voice of my brother broke into my mind .
tr	11	This allows her pilot six seconds to direct her to her correct climb attitude and angle of atmospheric exit .
tr	10	God 's going to reward them for that .
tr	9	How does he keep it from burning his hand ?
tr	10	" Both deliverables are near completion , and I have an addition to sweeten the pot . "
tr	8	" There was a bomb on the bus , " he said finally .
tr	8	I got myself into this mess and you and your people have got me out of it .
tr	7	" Language , please , John , " Sarah said .
tr	9	He 's got to accept me . "
tr	11	Sometimes you had to use your anger to fight .
tr	7	At the base of the cliff , the ivy outlined a space distinctly shaped like a giant , arched doorway .
tr	6	That was all that mattered .
tr	6	I snagged it , popped the cap , took out the sword and shook off the swaddling .
tr	8	" I speak in Malay now because my English not good , " the two women nodded .
tr	9	Dad we have got to go right now ! "
tr	11	Their features were hidden under a long flowing robe with a hood on it .
tr	7	I know all about you . "
tr	6	A thin tuft of feathers poked out of my jerkin below my shield .
tr	6	With the lights now on , and my phone out , I dialed Laila 's number .
tr	8	" More likely you get a room full of dead monkeys and crap all over the walls . "
tr	9	It seemed to have been chewed .
tr	10	Emma wondered turning to face her .
tr	10	" We think we have it worked out . "
tr	6	The sheriff ... My brother and family would never ... " " Okay , Edie .
tr	7	Abby and I took a seat in front and Laurence alone in the back , on the other side .
tr	7	He came to a stop at my side and changed the magazine in his gun .
tr	11	He paused a moment , turning away from Chris to stare down at the ship once again .
tr	11	He watched Adam walk away to examine the scene further .
tr	8	Within a few minutes they were flying south above the A1 freeway .
tr	7	" The trip through the gateway is a little scary , but it doesn 't last too long . "
tr	8	I think I cut it asunder .
tr	6	As if they weren 't your family too .
tr	11	We have decided to leave the Army and join up with you fellows .
tr	5	" Good afternoon , Mr. Jones , my name is Victor Isaac Noble .
tr	10	Do you think I wanted to leave ?
tr	9	His strength and fitness attracted her so that she openly stared at him .
tr	8	" Do you want to do a quick scouting run ?
tr	11	And sometimes if things got real bad -- the first time was when we had to drown this guy .
tr	11	" Well , I 'm battling Caesar 's army for some of my land right now -- " " Cool !
tr	11	I 'll be spending a great deal of time in the city .
tr	6	With only a moment 's delay , she sprang toward me again in another blurry attack .
tr	11	We had nothing to do with that lad 's death .
tr	7	She laughed at his insolence and flexed her mighty biceps .
tr	9	In the windows of the hotel , at least a half-dozen reporters began snapping pictures of the fight .
tr	7	It was bloated and covered in flies .
tr	7	I ran back inside , passing a weeping Adele .
tr	9	I 'm not insane , despite what you may think .
tr	7	She took a long drink from her water bottle and remained quiet .
tr	9	The animal was probably not at all happy about taking such a steep descent .
tr	6	" Well , it certainly did the job , " Ted said .
tr	9	Hanging in silence , the captured ninja cannot decide what to say .
tr	5	' Yes , he does , ' I murmured .
tr	8	She indicated an arrangement of lounge chairs to one side of her office .
tr	9	Drew cleared his throat , " How did you wind up here ? "
tr	11	" You mean to say this city is inhabited ? "
tr	11	The moment he had took hold of it , the bird disappeared into speckle of dust .
tr	10	It was good they were going out .
tr	11	Daniel ran out of class and kept running down the hallway looking for Tori .
tr	11	I was mean , ornery , and I would do anything to get the job done .
tr	10	Besides , I 'm not here to meet people , I 'm here to work .
tr	10	But not before the old man in his chair in the shade of the patio saw them .
tr	7	" But you are not from here Miss ... " " Please , call me Mara .
tr	11	However don 't think that this is the end of this !
tr	8	He took his hand from the tree , slid a foot tentatively toward the safety of the cave .
tr	9	Spain seemed like a perfect pick to settle down and hide .
tr	6	Me , with five daughters , and only one married , well , I 'm past laughing . "
tr	10	When they were ready to move , Gan dropped back to learn the woman 's name .
tr	11	It did seem to help him .
tr	8	He forced his eyes open again and tried to focus .
tr	8	" I told you , I have to see Lars . "
tr	6	Overlord , on the other hand is clearly impatient and irritated .
tr	6	" I do , but ... " " But you 're too soft . "
tr	5	Against her better judgment Vain Glory liked this little rascal .
tr	9	It was not what he had expected .
tr	5	" No you 're not , young lady , " Mrs. Long said .
tr	10	" Jenny will turn the corner in 47 seconds at her current pace , " said 007 .
tr	11	Happy to be in each other 's company , their mood was lively and flippant .
tr	8	And there , on that large throne of yew , sat High King Sven ; but it wasn 't entirely Sven .
tr	8	" No , we don 't know why , " Campbell admitted .
tr	10	What was to become of her ?
tr	8	other than the army the first job he 'd ever had ... ... .
tr	7	" I will try , but she is simply too stunning , " he replied in a joking manner .
tr	6	The dragon gave me a long stare , and I lowered my eyes once again .
tr	11	There was no denying he was handsome .
tr	10	He has sacrificed everything else , and now Rift feels that Mai is going too far .
tr	7	Two paragraphs into the report , he sucked in a breath and sank into an empty seat beside her .
tr	6	" Church overhead , don 't the priests have like , underground libraries or something ?
tr	10	You can tell us calmly what 's happening .
tr	11	Instantly enraged , the man grabs hold of her vulnerable ankle as she attempts to disengage the leg lock .
tr	9	" He 's going too slow , he 'll spot me if I stay here .
tr	8	Rafe continued looking at her blankly .
tr	6	" They seem gentle , " David offered .
tr	10	Aimee nodded as if to say , yeah right .
tr	10	He pushed the stranger to the floor and quickly turned and started running to the front door .
tr	8	All he could remember were brief flashes of images , scents , and sounds .
tr	6	I will kill him someday .
tr	9	Rupert had schooled me endlessly on the twisting halls and staircases of the castle .
tr	7	" Well , " she gave a Gallic shrug , " oui , I can do that . "
tr	7	He saw it very slowly : she unfastened the belt , opened the door and jumped out .
tr	5	" Some , " he said , " but not much . "
tr	8	I 've been filling it up twenty gallons at a time .
tr	8	Just nod your head if I 'm right or wrong . "
tr	9	I was surprised the man was still conscious .
tr	5	" It 's too small , here and here . "
tr	9	" Well , we pretty much live on top of one , " smiled Uncle Jeff casting Lex a sideways glance .
tr	8	" That sounds familiar -- where have I heard that before ? "
tr	11	" Do we know what this asshole looks like ? "
tr	9	Tori screamed and held the walkie talkie straight in front on him , ready to attack .
tr	11	She waited a few moments , breathing shallowly like Mac had done before .
tr	10	The most notable thing about him though was the short knife he held in the other hand .
tr	8	He wants her either as a prisoner , or as a severed head . "
tr	5	Then very condescendingly added , " Or the Big Dipper . "
tr	9	No wonder he felt dog tired .
tr	8	It wasn 't one of enhanced appreciation or decreased enthusiasm , it was just different .
tr	10	I 'm tired of wandering through these bare rooms at random . "
tr	7	It 's the principle of the thing .
tr	8	Only recently opened by the king , Versailles had once been a restricted playhouse of royal splendor .
tr	6	He took a deep breath and opened it .
tr	8	The black cloud stood its ground for a bit longer but then dispersed into thin air like smoke .
tr	5	After the storms , me and a few others raided a hospital nearby .
tr	6	An instinct made her drop to her knees and crawl under the huge table .
tr	10	" I do not think you will do that .
tr	7	They took a few steps into the woods and sat on a fallen tree .
tr	6	Something fluttered about him , fluttered through him , beating the air with the clatter of a pigeon 's wings .
tr	6	" You scare me , Perry , " he growled and gave my arm a sharp squeeze .
tr	5	Even in the cool breeze , sweat trickles down my face .
tr	10	I trust you have said your goodbyes to Robinson . "
tr	10	" I am pretty sure you can roll this back .
tr	9	It was the sound of relaxed , carefully aimed , fire .
tr	9	Why doesn 't it work when you just pick it up ? "
tr	9	Beware men who carry swords .
tr	6	He crumpled the wrapper and tossed it away .
tr	10	I expect that would require at least another month .
tr	11	As always Katherine felt as she had done on John 's yacht the previous summer .
tr	10	Wandering through the courtyard , she quickly loses track of time , lost in her own thoughts .
tr	8	Now that he really looked around he saw that all the trees were blue .
tr	7	" No one can refuse a duke 's daughter . "
tr	6	Did it flow easily to you ? "
tr	5	" Oh , " I say softly .
tr	10	" Get me a stick to put in this thing , " he told his brother .
tr	10	Cade bit his tongue to keep from interjecting .
tr	6	In one big flood my feelings toward Jolie changed .
tr	11	' Are you aware what that would do to our credibility with the business community ?
tr	6	" We 're almost there , " he announced to the entire group first thing in the morning .
tr	7	A thing that you 'll never understand . "
tr	7	Rafe 's face twisted bitterly , and Adele suddenly found his eyes upon her .
tr	10	Commander 's going to be seriously pissed . "
tr	6	Besides , really , the scariest thing about this place was the old house itself .
tr	7	she asked the stunned young woman in a loud stage whisper .
tr	8	" If it 's not a normal rock , then maybe we should name it , " said Mac .
tr	7	The Messiah , a holy look and dying breath upon his lips , stared down at us from its wooden beams .
tr	11	One nurse was drawing the curtains while another was flicking through his medication chart .
tr	9	But there was no time to ponder this new revelation .
tr	7	When he looked down , his feet were crusted with soft sand .
tr	8	The man was dressed in a charcoal suit , crisp white shirt , and a red tie with faint charcoal accents .
tr	10	" Know that I am frustrated with failure .
tr	6	A second later , footsteps thundered past the bushes .
tr	9	Taylor laughed and turned around to shut off the fuel pump .
tr	9	Last I knew you made about a hundred gazillion dollars off your book and movie deal .
tr	10	" But I 've got to warn you , I 've forgotten how to open it .
tr	11	I think they 'll make an exception for tonight though .
tr	6	Malcolm gripped my arm and held me back .
tr	8	' You may be truly invincible after all . '
tr	8	Suddenly furious , Neil yelled back , " Shut up , can 't you ?
tr	7	Victor rose and surveyed the shattered ruins of the compound .
tr	9	After a moment of contemplating her face , he saw the guilt there and made the connection .
tr	6	Are you not even a little put out by this news ? "
tr	6	On Keno 's desk lay the other bottles and the two glass objects from the chest .
tr	9	" What about my asking price of $ 25 million a load ? "
tr	11	I suspected he 'd work until the day he died .
tr	11	She had tried her best to make him comfortable , but he seemed to be in much agony .
tr	8	The carter called to one of his friends on the far side of the street .
tr	10	Conway conceded the necessity for it and grudgingly admired Falconer 's ability to sway his reluctant crew .
tr	11	' Victor 'll have a heart attack if we let you -- ' ' Victor will understand ! '
tr	9	It was almost dark and I could barely see the large blocks of snow on the valley floor , far below .
tr	11	You just need to learn to harness it .
tr	9	" You know most of the details from the second or third day after the bombing through the funeral .
tr	7	His left-hand knife punctured deep into the giant 's side , cleaving a kidney .
tr	8	He brooded over that prospect , then rose abruptly , pitching the remaining beer onto the coals .
tr	8	An involuntary muscle twitch occurs in the blink of an eye .
tr	8	" Che , I 've heard all this Christian stuff before , ok ?
tr	8	My dear , you will watch the coast for us ? "
tr	6	" THEY EVEN SAID PLEASE , " chanted the protestors .
tr	5	And the Angel gave them both an enigmatic smile .
tr	11	He says , " Yes , we are really going to do it . "
tr	8	Suddenly her watch began to beep above the din of the bullet storm .
tr	9	I pulled out my phone and snapped a picture of the chair , the frayed ropes , and the cavernous room .
tr	9	In the pool , a small octopus emerged from the shadow of a rock and started to stalk a shrimp .
tr	7	Donovan just listened , his eyes never leaving her face .
tr	9	As the rush and deafening sound subside the world comes into view with his new and improved biosynthetic eyes .
tr	7	" I don 't think so , " Brand said .
tr	8	Searching the area he spots her holding someone next to the crater at the village 's center .
tr	8	The room filled with quiet tension as each eye scrutinized the scenes .
tr	10	I gather you 've been shown much .
tr	8	I can tell you that now .
tr	7	He saw a hole in the traffic and mashed down on the accelerator .
tr	6	" But she gave herself away , " Miriam objected .
tr	6	Then , they left out of the city gate and bade goodbye to their ancestral home .
tr	8	Had Ted been between Melody and the zombie , he could have done something about it .
tr	7	If she crosses over , I 'll kill her myself , but not today . "
tr	5	" I like the dark , sultry , mysterious , exotic type better anyway . "
tr	6	The strange temple of black , with its black floor , black walls , black pillars , vaulted black ceiling .
tr	10	Says he 's real busy with something . "
tr	5	But finally she couldn 't resist .
tr	10	Adele was sure that the conversation had more than its surface meaning .
tr	10	It was his idea for me to visit you , " said 007 .
tr	6	" We were lucky , " David said .
tr	10	Anderson was speechless as Philips stood to go .
tr	10	She wondered if Fiona disapproved of him smoking .
tr	8	Maybe if he got to her in time , he could talk her out of it .
tr	8	Would you want to see the latest issue ? "
tr	8	Elaina peered down at the wisps of smoke rise from the chimney .
tr	8	Both Nathan and Captain Carter stared silently for at least a minute before they regained their senses .
tr	8	One sound from her and those coyotes would have run you off the place . "
tr	5	" It is , " the Prince insisted .
tr	5	I hate everything right now .
tr	11	" Do what you were bred to do . "
tr	7	She instinctively reached with her right hand , remembered the cast and lay it against her side .
tr	10	But remember , he started his son on a path he believes in .
tr	7	" One , two , three , four , five , six ... " She counted as the snowflakes fell .
tr	5	' Will do , ' murmured the Bastian tech .
tr	11	She went to Brunei ... Bandar to be specific but I haven 't heard from her so she could be anywhere .
tr	10	Have you any reason to be here ? "
tr	8	" The receptacle , using those probes , makes the connection with the brain to the nodes of the ship .
tr	7	Now he was sixty and a ' power boater , ' some powerboat .
tr	9	The man 's forward momentum carried him behind cover , but Show knew the shot was almost certainly fatal .
tr	7	The bedraggled man with his hands clasped firmly on his head obeyed and looked petrified .
tr	7	" What do they put in it now ? "
tr	11	We have to hurry or get caught up in it . "
tr	7	But it was too late for regret , and confusion did nothing .
tr	7	" Communications , turn off all Confederation channels and ignore all hails , " Eleanor orders .
tr	9	I removed the Glock from the holster on my thigh and nudged the safety catch off .
tr	6	To her left it lay empty , not even the Johnsons ' fluorescent green tractor was around .
tr	7	I am too busy dying to care .
tr	7	It would certainly turn your faces most red . "
tr	8	Now that it was over , Josie sat in shock , thinking about the past few days .
tr	9	I didn 't mean to startle you .
tr	10	The girl picked up her pen , thought for a minute , and composed a new paragraph in her mind .
tr	9	They were ready to be eaten .
tr	6	Stepping forward , Hawk Banks announced , " Yes , sir , I do . "
tr	9	Here we go guys , good luck ... 43 ... 45 ... 49 ... ... 51 ! "
tr	9	And besides , I only came because Mr Brown here is my teacher and I trust him . "
tr	8	" I do not take commands from a woman , " Gunnar said .
tr	10	, but they of course had a couple of ideas for me - or rather my wallet .
tr	8	Instead of hurrying for my own weapons , I walked over and picked up the stone .
tr	8	Connie said , " Maybe I 'd better start watching you . "
tr	5	But couldn 't he become a professional hockey player instead ? "
tr	10	He said they helped him work .
tr	7	" The day has been eventful , Finn . "
tr	5	After the fourth examination he knew three things .
tr	8	The towns ' folk lined the main street with their guns and helped funnel the men out of town .
tr	9	' Looks like we 've both made the wanted lists . '
tr	6	" I will always protect you . "
tr	10	She groaned and flipped sides so she no longer faced him on the bed .
tr	11	Seth doubted she even knew what she looked like .
tr	5	After all , this was good-bye .
tr	8	Be good to them , they 've had it hard with us . "
tr	11	She always seemed to be second banana in Harold 's eyes .
tr	11	I need to know she 's safe .
tr	9	' I 'm gon na check it out . '
tr	9	Though God alone knows when I 'll get there .
tr	11	Why didn 't Ruth tell me Sky believes in the bloody Easter Bunny ?
tr	9	That 's when I got to thinking about that night .
tr	5	Overcome , by emotion , by everything , she gave him her hand .
tr	5	" Master 's ideal lady was not that witch . "
tr	11	' I 'll go back up and check how he 's getting on . '
tr	5	" Careful , lad , it 's still ma name . "
tr	8	We took the prints and ran them through our own data base but nothing came up .
tr	9	" At least you 've answered one question for me , " she said .
tr	8	Forget Days of Our Lives , I 'm turning into Miss Marple .
tr	11	A huge fountain was in the heart of it leading to a beautiful gazebo .
tr	7	The European then used his spare hand and reached inside of his jacket holster .
tr	5	' Oh yes , sorry old girl , ' he smiled sheepishly .
tr	8	He spun on a heel and rushed back out the way he 'd come .
tr	7	At sixty-three thousand square miles , it is only two thirds the size of the United Kingdom .
tr	6	What are you doing here ? "
tr	11	he had to remember to be more careful next time .
tr	11	All he had to do was fry some eggs because they didn 't keep well under the lamp .
tr	6	With her words a new brisk wind filled the sails and away they went .
tr	6	She shouldn 't be here . "
tr	5	" Yup , same old bonfire , " Dave answered .
tr	9	You have any more of those nightgowns of yours ? "
tr	9	She let him take her elbow and guide her to the horses .
tr	8	He seemed to believe it .
tr	8	What a fool I 've been , thought Alfred .
tr	7	There 's an edge to his voice .
tr	11	They were both smiling as they walked to Finan 's tent .
tr	7	" Let 's get outta here ! "
tr	9	He knew he could wait no longer .
tr	10	I moved back towards my friends and stood at attention beside the king , my hand resting on my saber .
tr	9	He , with Wounded Eagle and Burning Arrow , would go with Three Baskets to move the injured people .
tr	10	I could have sworn she saw me .
tr	9	Unfortunately , I 'm going to need some more .
tr	10	Sitting in the middle of a large black stain on the desert .
tr	7	One by one , each bullet miraculously missed it mark .
tr	10	* It was exactly a week since the attack on Clive Barracks .
tr	5	" Yes , I did , " she said , sullenly .
tr	6	Seems it stretched out a bit , but the stone makes all the difference .
tr	5	He gave him their Christian names , Zack , Rudy , and Bob .
tr	6	My old life is still out there .
tr	9	However Roberto was not intimidated by the man and met his fierce gaze only with a slight of humbleness .
tr	6	" Oh , no question , " Munro said , " but there isn 't much natural world left . "
tr	8	Even if they did look like they were dead .
tr	11	He was certain that the combined blast would probably destroy every machine in the building .
tr	5	And not one of them , but two !
tr	11	" You know , you 're awfully cute when you 're ticked off , " I said .
tr	6	A short , slight , and nervous policeman opened the door and walked in .
tr	7	" Your family has , like , adopted me in Cochabamba .
tr	10	' Those are some good moves you 've got there . '
tr	5	And then , in the distance , several large mountains appeared .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " said Kyle and Kate , somewhat worried .
tr	10	Do we leave and if so , where to next ? "
tr	9	This was the part where Christ was mocked and humiliated .
tr	5	For a long moment , her mother simply stared , mute and pale .
tr	7	But to cross that bridge ... Suddenly , the voice down the tunnel became a gritty whisper .
tr	6	Jim , Herb , Dan can you think of anything ?
tr	6	I hate nurses and lollipops and linoleum .
tr	10	The risk of the murders being traced back to me was too great .
tr	11	Do you really want to stay ? "
tr	8	South Carolina might hold out a little longer , but the small farmers haven 't much choice anymore . "
tr	7	A patient , this time an old friend , was slipping away , and nothing could be done .
tr	9	Taylor stood there a while longer contemplating this new turn of events .
tr	10	" He 'll be okay , " said Nathan with a conviction he didn 't feel .
tr	8	With a gun aimed at us ?
tr	7	As he did so , a pocket knife appeared in his hand .
tr	6	" ' Tis all a little complicated .
tr	9	It was like staring into an open kiln .
tr	11	It was a sheltered spot where the skaters were rarely bothered by anyone .
tr	8	Next , we thrust them into the nearest cell , locking it without ceremony .
tr	10	I wandered past the tables , searching for a table with the number 14 .
tr	11	You know I have to follow the rules !
tr	7	I 'd turned away for three seconds !
tr	11	Maria smiled shyly at Connor who returned the smile with a confident grin .
tr	7	You 've put some terrors to rest .
tr	6	" Yes , but harbor no false illusions , " the older man replied , " Many will choose . "
tr	11	There was something about her leg strength which made her bounce like a spring whenever she danced .
tr	11	I always thought that maybe he had an old girlfriend by that name but I never asked . "
tr	8	of course I do she 's my sister .
tr	8	He unclipped a small panel off the back of the device and looked inside .
tr	6	Later in the afternoon , the runner from the river came into the village .
tr	5	" Oh , " he exclaims , slightly startled .
tr	7	She turned , her face set in determined , numb repose .
tr	10	The spirits were at odds and were agitating one another to the point of a great struggle .
tr	10	Things could get messy when you listened to the Fugitive Spirits .
tr	8	Lights came on in one of the offices in the front of the building .
tr	7	' About the origins of our species . '
tr	5	" For half an hour , " Lex belatedly agreed .
tr	11	I was desperately trying to look held together by my strength .
tr	11	Her emotional state does not concern him any more than the quantity of sand in the prison cells .
tr	5	Thankfully , that 's a blessing today . "
tr	6	Melissa and Chris exchanged a guarded glance , Chris grabbed the knob but it wouldn 't turn .
tr	5	Perhaps , in a few billion years , the universe itself would die .
tr	11	Calvin looked at Raphael who said , ' Probably not . '
tr	8	" You heard them , Danny , didn 't you ?
tr	11	I guess I was in protective mode with Chuck .
tr	9	His chipper grin died away at the look on Alejo 's face .
tr	6	Any resemblances to actual events or persons , living or dead , are entirely coincidental .
tr	8	No bones or stones were in sight anywhere in the area .
tr	7	" He needs milk , David , " Sarah said , the panic still with her .
tr	9	" It 's lovely , isn 't it ? "
tr	8	You will have a mutiny on your hands .
tr	10	He felt fortunate that the drive took him by the Duomo and the Galleria .
tr	9	" You would destroy a book that even the Quran calls holy ? "
tr	7	If we do that , this here entire volunteer army will melt away into the Texas woods .
tr	10	It has been known to bring down an airliner before .
tr	11	Another dagger flashed , digging into the back of its neck , severing the spine , and killing instantly .
tr	6	He didn 't know them .
tr	8	This hatch was nearly closed , but a trickle of light escaped and lit the rungs below it .
tr	7	Helen closed her eyes and crossed herself , then she pressed the accelerator to the floor .
tr	8	Even someone used to the saddle would have felt the last few days ' ride .
tr	9	That I must be , for they failed to find me in the end .
tr	8	" Look at that sheep 's horns , Sky , they 're all twisty . "
tr	7	For their part , the clouds rose up like waves , engulfing the burning orb .
tr	10	Bump was proud his friend asked him for help .
tr	11	I 'll be able to talk to her .
tr	10	" You should have told me they 're friendly . "
tr	7	The fist opened and the remnants of the branch fell to the ground .
tr	6	' Bring me some chicken , ' Brick said , his voice faint and light .
tr	7	Olive trees grew in neat , cultivated groves , and quaint villas dotted the landscape .
tr	8	Dick was honking the horn in the yard .
tr	9	He knew someone might be listening .
tr	7	' It 's a thankless chore and we do not have a gig . '
tr	10	Taylor just gave her a confirming nod , curious where this exercise was leading .
tr	9	Reggie hoped that his fierce stare at Anderson conveyed his displeasure .
tr	9	I guess I would find out .
tr	8	His knuckles tightened violently around the edge of his chair .
tr	5	" Oh , my God , " he whispered .
tr	6	The smell of old carpets teased me from the hallway .
tr	11	Think she was on a bit of a quest .
tr	7	' And look what else I found . '
tr	5	And last but not least , I want my damn knife back . "
tr	8	She stood there , a hand extended to tap my shoulder .
tr	7	We moved past him and headed down a dimly-lit spiral staircase .
tr	6	His stormy gaze dropped to her again .
tr	7	He had drawn out his axe .
tr	9	Christy soaked up all the information she could about the sports they played .
tr	7	" We 'll buy her rabbits , " he says finally .
tr	8	This is bordering on sci-fi graphic novel without the huge tits and witty comebacks .
tr	6	" She was taken , " Emma said , " and then we took her back ! "
tr	9	I 'm sure that 's a good sign . "
tr	9	I want to believe you , and I can 't .
tr	7	A scar slashing down from his temple to his chin gave him a dangerous frown .
tr	6	Sarah looked at the body in the road .
tr	10	I would love to hear about it .
tr	11	Releasing his grip on my arm , my friend pointed towards a glimmering light that shown through the trees .
tr	7	I do recall peasants and field workers , at least .
tr	10	Red asks in an uncharacteristically soft tone , his voice crackling with deep mechanical intonation .
tr	11	If you try to get out of the car I will shoot you .
tr	11	They were standing among the rubble that was Northgate .
tr	7	On one wall , a selection of farm and garden tools hung each using nails or railroad pegs .
tr	9	Her parents , life in the Orang Ulu ... . .
tr	9	Another police car showed up a couple minutes ago , I thought they 'd find you . "
tr	7	The knife still lay at Malcolm 's side .
tr	8	The trip to the path was a short one , taking two to three minutes .
tr	10	' I 'm really sorry about Marie , John , what happened ? '
tr	8	" But where are my manners ?
tr	10	" I am just grateful there is a bathroom , I was worried about that . "
tr	11	' Sure , beats being inside on a day like this . '
tr	6	' In Europe , ' he replied in a low voice .
tr	9	" I will improve , if you help me . "
tr	6	" No thanks , Captain , I don 't smoke , " Jeff said .
tr	10	A bare semblance of skin was stretched across the skull , showing the half-life nature of the creature .
tr	11	I responded , unsure of where to start .
tr	8	While I helped Bruno load Anatole into the back seat , he propped the injured car owner against a concrete pillar .
tr	6	Laughing wickedly , the creature added , " Tempting reward was on her head . "
tr	7	In one swift motion , he swung the door wide open and thrust his blade into the beast .
tr	7	I leaned forward and peered at him anxiously .
tr	11	You don 't think I can control myself , " I accuse .
tr	8	" I fear there is other danger about .
tr	9	Her knees trembled and her skin tried to shiver off her bones .
tr	10	The half-off part included her head which banged on the floor .
tr	11	I hoped Al knew where he was going .
tr	10	" I 'm going home - catch up when you can ! "
tr	10	Besides that didn 't sound like his usual jovial self , something is wrong ... " Who ?
tr	9	Then , as suddenly as he had kissed her , she was released .
tr	5	A few more months and her heartbeat would falter and then stop .
tr	11	Make sure it 's what you really want . "
tr	11	I would never forget the cold , majestic wonder that waited amongst those stone giants .
tr	9	A man called up to him : " Do you have housing for us , then , Mick ? "
tr	7	He was probably stabbed , he staggered back , broke the window , then slumped over and died .
tr	6	The more news this drug gets , the more people realize its value .
tr	7	I closed my eyes , maybe this is all a very realistic dream , and I just need to wake up .
tr	10	" I don 't know WHOSE it is , " Tori said .
tr	9	He didn 't want to hurt her .
tr	7	Seconds later one of his senior agents stormed into the room .
tr	10	Durham had no chance of dodging both arrows , but he tried anyway .
tr	9	What little blood had trickled down from the wounds soaked back into the stranger 's skin .
tr	6	" Thirty seconds , " agreed Edwin , against his better judgement .
tr	5	" You , Marina , are my real secret weapon . "
tr	11	I knew who I had to go to .
tr	10	As she looked at Noah she saw he was still staring at her chest .
tr	9	There was no way to save her .
tr	8	He frowned at the floor , seeing the events again in his mind .
tr	11	Drew felt the bitter gall of defeat rising up in his throat , choking him .
tr	6	What a kick , his voice was so calm but still so harsh , cold .
tr	9	Only once did I need to duck down and hide .
tr	11	I tried to give you anything you wanted .
tr	11	" Although I defend him often , I am afraid that I am not particularly close to him . "
tr	10	I know I need to go .
tr	8	Luckily , the hood and trunk lid had been cannibalized from the car years before .
tr	11	They kept milk bottles parked out on the porch all night but meat couldn 't be left out without attracting animals .
tr	5	With that , he drew back the last layer .
tr	9	Jonesy on the other hand took a while to pass him .
tr	7	Not without chiseling around it .
tr	11	" So , I believe you were asking me about my story , " Ted began .
tr	9	Jason heard death in the helmsman 's voice and wonders how many others he has lost .
tr	10	He sat his find down onto the ground and began to clean the tools with an old oily rag .
tr	10	" George what the bloody hell are you doing here ? "
tr	7	He could just as easily have shot me down instead .
tr	8	We don 't have shit for time .
tr	8	I tense in response to the flare in his energy .
tr	8	" OK ... now I can see them all distinctly .
tr	5	" No history of the land of the Unknowns ?
tr	10	He had always intended his research to become public domain .
tr	7	He carried the tray over to the Professor and set them on the counter .
tr	11	This was what was meant to be .
tr	7	It looked like someone 's pet .
tr	11	" Graves and Blister are gon na be dressed as locals .
tr	8	Edna , this is Burt Silver , Chuck Cooper , Hank McKee and ... you must be Sofia . "
tr	7	The Scorpion Guild is highly trained and they don 't often leave their victims standing .
tr	5	Peyton 's file was the first one .
tr	6	" He 's absolutely right , " said Ben .
tr	8	" They say we 're ready .
tr	9	I 'll tell you as soon as I can . "
tr	9	I was angry , frustrated , not knowing if you would be all right .
tr	10	His face was calm , although inside he was probably as anxious as I was .
tr	11	Graham explained that each detainee was provided with blankets but little else .
tr	6	All my credit cards and cash were still there , but my license was gone .
tr	5	The pure research I left behind . "
tr	7	He slapped Taylor on the back , almost knocking him over .
tr	7	When he saw Neil , he bowed gravely .
tr	11	Paul said he hoped I felt better soon .
tr	7	She said , turning back .
tr	9	Anyway , she 's happy , and that makes me happy , and that 's enough for now . "
tr	8	Now it 's black pearl time sad shook against its sides as the polished silver mirrors reflected the moonlight .
tr	11	Each slash he survived increased his confidence .
tr	8	Sitting in his office , gazing at the blank wall , he thought to himself ... . "
tr	8	The gun is the essential piece of equipment here not your cover .
tr	10	Josh nodded seeming to agree with me .
tr	6	A resort the Vice President was staying at .
tr	8	But your desire to help the child was like an immediate summons for us . "
tr	8	The two brothers headed off for the north side of the square .
tr	9	Sofia made a face and draw out another arrow from the quiver on her back .
tr	10	Then there were his strange words that I accredited to old age the day he died .
tr	10	He held his breath , counted to twenty , then checked the warehouse windows for motion .
tr	8	Atticus 's laugh fainted down the hall as he ran away drunk .
tr	10	" Awesome , " Gabe says as the boy turns and stalks away into the house .
tr	7	Please , drive me back to the hotel . "
tr	9	Hailey was not experienced in the art of night fighting .
tr	8	" Because I can tell you the glory of your Empress ! "
tr	7	The metal bird sank lower and lower with its scream hoarse and coughing .
tr	9	He was most intrigued by the youngest attendants of the learning institution .
tr	7	The Bastian Council member hovered in the doorway , a frown on his face .
tr	10	" So do you know where those cabins are ? "
tr	8	You 've had no end of adventures these few days .
tr	9	I wasn 't going to back down .
tr	11	The trails are wider and smoother and there 's a nice meadow we can canter through . "
tr	9	Well , I hoped I had covered all the bases .
tr	10	It made Josh want to cry .
tr	10	Her face was bruised and swollen but the doctor assured him that would go away .
tr	8	Mac 's dad , feeling the onset of a story , invited the rest of the family into the living room .
tr	8	He be comin ' ta stare at it , ta touch it .
tr	8	He , of course , never lounged in bed once the sun hit the horizon .
tr	7	The others ones behind me did not lose ground , they matched my speed even from the ground .
tr	8	" So that explains the quick exit , even if today is a perfect day .
tr	8	The list was in the cargo pocket of his camouflaged pants .
tr	8	" The ball is about to start .
tr	5	" We go now home , right ? "
tr	8	" Oh my dear cousins , I fear you are closet snobs ? "
tr	6	David thought for a few moments .
tr	11	' We don 't make a habit of leaving our men behind , ' I said quietly .
tr	6	I ran back up the stairs and dug out my smallest gown .
tr	11	I know I look ridiculous sitting here .
tr	11	" What do you expect me to do , look my way out of captivity ? "
tr	9	Thirty-seven " What are you doing out here ? "
tr	9	" Don 't laugh Beppe , you are not far off yourself " , replied the owner with a smile .
tr	5	" Did you hear this ? "
tr	9	Jimmy said after he put the phone to his ear .
tr	10	He grabbed the phone , dialling , then hung up when someone answered .
tr	11	" For what we are about to receive ... " muttered the communications officer to Mickey 's right .
tr	10	The Talisman takes us where it wants us to go . "
tr	6	Even in a faded sweatshirt and jeans , she was alluring , arousing , every curve still very evident .
tr	9	I 'm pretty sure this paneling was here since the building was completed .
tr	7	Jessica rudely announced , indicating Kaylie .
tr	9	" You want to see the guests ' rooms ? "
tr	9	It had clay rock formed on it , so it may have been there a while .
tr	6	The Portal had deposited Jace and Clary a few feet from each other , in the snow .
tr	7	' You are no relative of mine , half-breed ! '
tr	8	He reached around behind me , pressing his chest against mine .
tr	5	On the left , he recognized the young Duggan kid .
tr	11	In the second he was exposed to the cold vacuum the damage he endured was excruciating .
tr	11	Amira felt it was time to contribute .
tr	5	In one instant , the sounds and sensations and warmth fall away .
tr	10	She decided she may as well head back to the flat .
tr	10	' I take it she doesn 't know about the half-breed thing ? '
tr	7	Wan na switch soon ? "
tr	5	Not just any ice cream , I needed a hot fudge sundae .
tr	6	The rumor probably started because of that .
tr	6	Probably not , but in distress , yeah , I guess , " she looked into his oceanic blue eyes .
tr	11	I have a flight this evening that will take me from Rome directly to Malaysia .
tr	9	Jessica went to sit beside her cousin .
tr	5	" Have you bee ... " " Yes I have . "
tr	9	She 's so busy keeping up with the Jones 's and doing her WI things .
tr	8	" I was , " she grins , kissing him enthusiastically on the cheek .
tr	7	" You 've been missed , " it said , and lunged .
tr	11	On the day I left my parents place , I asked my older brother to come with me .
tr	7	It was in sleep mode , so he hit some keys , and the monitor lit up .
tr	11	Lex yelled and ran out the door to jump in the Jeep .
tr	8	" Hola , you 're looking lovely as usual . "
tr	5	" Good idea , " Lilly Ann agreed .
tr	7	" Like I said before , we stayed at a country estate .
tr	7	They entered through the front door and cut through the lobby to the dining room .
tr	6	Instead , she stood up , held her breath , and listened .
tr	11	For a terrifying moment , he thought he was going to collapse .
tr	7	I lifted the Smith and Wesson and leaned out of the side window .
tr	10	" You don 't have to worry about her .
tr	11	" The only chance you had to do what ? "
tr	9	He was impressed how calmly she operated the small plane .
tr	8	And carry one of these flares and a couple extra batteries . "
tr	6	I kept my eyes on the room .
tr	8	He quickly learned this path was not a long one .
tr	7	" In the village ... " " Women past childbearing look like old rags , " the grandmother finished for her .
tr	6	This guy had completely lost his marbles .
tr	9	What on earth would I have to ask you ?
tr	5	" Ah , Jenny , you are such a tease .
tr	7	Shadows came through his guard , grabbed his wrist , and pulled him over , throwing him down .
tr	7	I snatch a fish out of the water and suck its life away .
tr	7	" One of ' em 's ... one of ' em got killed . "
tr	7	Then it happened ; a twig or limb snapped and the ensuing report reached Matt 's disbelieving mind squarely .
tr	8	We didn 't bother entering them .
tr	6	In a little more than an hour her fate -- and perhaps mine -- would be decided .
tr	10	" I 'll put in a good word for you , Janet . "
tr	8	" I thought you had other energy donors . "
tr	11	yelled one of the men in a voice that sounded like a traffic accident .
tr	8	John came and sat down on the bed next to her .
tr	8	He said I was dead .
tr	9	John 's scream was drowned out by the crash of the chair as it hit the floor .
tr	5	But for now , I 'm just your guide . "
tr	11	" Looks like we 'll be flying into rough weather . "
tr	10	She was afraid of making it worse .
tr	6	On either side were vertical racks with straps , pins and other paraphernalia for use with bombs .
tr	7	She hugged him and stepped back to gesture at Neil .
tr	8	You need to eat something . "
tr	6	As usual , dozens of empty alcohol bottles cluttered every available space around him , including the only unbroken side table .
tr	8	He gave him one quick blast to incapacitate him .
tr	9	Alex called out who witnessed the event through his sniper rifle scope .
tr	8	He grabbed his belongings down the alley and went to the street and hailed a taxi .
tr	7	He had stopped dead in his tracks .
tr	10	He reached for a stick of gum and smelled it before plunging it into his mouth .
tr	6	" Take up half the crates ; leave the rest behind . "
tr	10	he said with a firmness and command that surprised him .
tr	6	Next to him , Bruno closed his eyes and shook his head slightly .
tr	6	" Yes Captain , she did indeed , " Dagger admits .
tr	10	All the doors that he could see from his vantage point were closed .
tr	7	" I mean , is this where they live ? "
tr	10	" Just understand that someone you love and respect and can make a life with is a rare thing .
tr	5	" Cal , these trees are all dead . "
tr	6	" You always take your break down below , and you never enjoy the view . "
tr	7	He 'll die without you . "
tr	7	They stopped there , and then the dominant male stalked forward with long-legged grace .
tr	7	" Good , then we should proceed with the combined offensive .
tr	11	" Do we try to cross now ? "
tr	9	The Prince almost said more , but then simply closed his mouth and let it pass .
tr	7	Andy was lost for words .
tr	7	Had he ever heard Toby laugh ?
tr	7	" Not so fast , Roberto , " a stern voice said from behind them .
tr	6	" Yes , please , " she gave me an encouraging smile and disappeared down the hallway .
tr	9	Jennings is on the move now and should arrive in about ninety minutes .
tr	7	As a matter of fact , I insist upon it . "
tr	10	" You go first , Rob , " he said , unwilling to give up the lighter .
tr	7	The girl threw her loose braid over her shoulder and flopped down at his table .
tr	7	" And how long before they 're sent here ? "
tr	7	she yelled over and over , " I really did it ! "
tr	11	She continued to stare without saying anything .
tr	5	The man looked harmless enough .
tr	7	OK , I 'm in the network , let 's find the right file . "
tr	8	" Well then you 've got two missing gentlemen and one missing lady .
tr	8	you can retrieve them when you leave . "
tr	9	The beat quickened even more and with it her movements became more and more aggressive .
tr	10	Are you happy to pour ? "
tr	8	Ted went to one of these now to gather his things .
tr	7	" Right , all of you pass the word to the others . "
tr	7	She fell to her knees and knit her fingers together .
tr	10	The machine was his only chance of reaching the woman in time .
tr	5	No more juries , no more judges , lawyers , or courts .
tr	8	The light of flames from a burning thatch roof played across his bare back .
tr	10	He looked at her out of the corner of his eye .
tr	8	' Get her out , ' was all he muttered .
tr	8	" Cool , me , " Kendall whispered to Daniel and left with a British boy .
tr	10	Chapter 2 -- The Reckoning Walter Beale 's physical pain was immense , but nothing compared to the agony of disappointment .
tr	6	" The signature is way off target and the wormhole is completely unstable .
tr	9	Two missiles , with billowing black smoke from their rocket engines scream skyward from the city now far below .
tr	9	Everybody wept - the angels , the two boys of course and even nature itself .
tr	7	They were really the first to open trade with Japan .
tr	10	Now be on your way , because I am tiring of you .
tr	8	She turned pale , then left to find the security officer .
tr	7	There , he met Goggles in the serving line .
tr	10	She was humming when she lifted the wall flap and rejoined him .
tr	6	Natalie and Sophia went out of the house with the Angel .
tr	8	Would it kill you to make her day ? "
tr	10	The sky was blackened by her very presence , just like the sky is around Lucien today .
tr	5	This way it 's pretty much a clean break . "
tr	6	- " Boy , " said the good old moon , " have you still not enough ? "
tr	8	" But the plain fact is that I have no idea .
tr	11	" Remember , he can reach out and take you whenever he wants . "
tr	9	" Hurry , Toby , " called Victoria , " we need to leave soon . "
tr	8	She stuck out her tongue and ran up the tree trunk in three swift strides .
tr	10	He knew Jonesy did not believe his eyes , but he didn 't care .
tr	9	I had to face Tiamat , else this would not end well .
tr	11	" Two locals thrown around like rag dolls - injuries that seem out of the ordinary .
tr	10	The couple moved to the United States in the 1920s , where they too had a number of children .
tr	9	Maybe it 's something easy I can figure out . "
tr	10	He gazes out into the trees , eyes searching for something far away .
tr	6	Outside the walls , the colorful sides of a tent stretched towards the sky .
tr	7	The different cameras then picked up the rest of the action .
tr	6	His lashes were long and he regarded her sleepily .
tr	11	" I 've been following you guys since you got to the fence .
tr	9	Missy couldn 't help but scold the bullies , " Your brothers are jerks !
tr	11	He awkwardly struggled around the corner before another arrow could be flung in his direction .
tr	9	Maybe sometimes that was all that was needed .
tr	10	When Landon came trotting back with the lifeless body , Elaina couldn 't barely stand to look at it .
tr	7	He returned an hour later wounded . "
tr	11	Lord Quinn was quick to detect the worry in her tone .
tr	7	" Beautiful isn 't it , " asked Bethany with her eyes still closed .
tr	8	For their part , Logan and Jacob began retreating towards the perimeter .
tr	7	On the bumper of the third ambulance , she rounded the corner to Nigel 's block .
tr	11	" That 's the thing about working in intelligence , " he replied , gazing absently at the percolator .
tr	6	" Yeah right , ' cause that won 't be impossible . "
tr	10	I saw that an elderly man had just given up and died .
tr	11	Armament was high on the list , in truth , I would have liked to have mounted a fifty cal .
tr	8	The night seemed blacker outside than in , but Elaina was used to it .
tr	6	" Will next time " she promised , giggling through radiating intensity , " with that soon enough . "
tr	8	I ticked each item off on my fingertips , and my companion 's face grew longer with each passing word .
tr	5	' Oh , Diann , no , darling , we 're not a couple . '
tr	7	She burst suddenly into tears , pushed back her chair and ran from the room .
tr	9	Whoever said life was fair ?
tr	9	Scrambling noises and thuds rose behind us as uniformed officers appeared over the wall .
tr	7	At the end of the barn , he exited the south entrance .
tr	11	I guess soon I really will be the only person in Passage with an Imp .
tr	8	Two houses down a human head had been mounted above the doorway .
tr	7	" Foolish , " Ganondorf mumbles under his breath , dashing forward .
tr	8	He dropped his voice low so only I could hear .
tr	10	" Unfortunately not ; I have to keep moving . "
tr	10	Lem me know what she says .
tr	8	" Sounds like is possibility . "
tr	9	Elaina said at last , using the name she and Cade had agreed on in advance .
tr	11	Simon could feel the sadness and fear his mother had felt at the time .
tr	9	It took every bit of ten hours to process the complete herd one cow at a time .
tr	10	I say hoping they are wrong .
tr	7	Levitate them , put stupid thoughts into their heads , spout meaningless jargon , and do card tricks .
tr	8	Somehow , I suspected it was the former .
tr	7	Nathan arrived early , shook hands , and talked to old friends .
tr	10	Sitting down on the edge , he ponders how best to rid himself of his former second-in-command .
tr	10	Yeah , that sounded really good to Cobble as he drifted off to sleep .
tr	10	" Leave the pep talk with the men to me , okay ? "
tr	9	The swords touched with a scrape and clang of metal ; the jolt travelled up Rafe 's arm painfully .
tr	10	Floating in and out of sleep , he started to remember events following 2028 .
tr	7	Afterwards we 'll go back up and explore the house . "
tr	8	Lilly Ann lightly held on to his arm never putting any real force onto it .
tr	11	" I thought for a minute that it might have gotten ruined .
tr	10	Had to come down and see for myself .
tr	8	Her head suddenly disappeared in an explosion of bloody mist and shotgun blast .
tr	9	Skinny handed the other his rifle , pulled out a pistol , and with it in hand boarded the boat .
tr	10	Rafe watched in horror as Eda 's eyes filled with tears and he turned panicked to Adele .
tr	5	They whispered back and forth .
tr	9	I am also watching the stranger 's glowing hands , wondering if it hurts .
tr	7	After he ate , Wolf Eyes complimented Waving Willow on the meal .
tr	6	Finally , before the 2008 Financial Crisis , the Mexican , Indian , and Chinese corporations were kicking our ass .
tr	7	" Sounds like a most exciting tale , " Mana responded .
tr	10	Hawk strode up immediately , asking what was up .
tr	9	It was almost out of sight when the first lightning of the season struck .
tr	10	Why do they follow us if they mean us no harm ?
tr	10	Unsure what the boy 's motives are , or what Zelda is shouting about , Midna decides enough is enough .
tr	8	The daggers explode simultaneously with a loud popping noise producing a brief , blinding light .
tr	7	Well , one and a half of his sons , anyway .
tr	7	I stood , brushed my suit pants down and then I was in .
tr	8	' ' A ' team meeting in the cinema in ten minutes ' , I said quietly , and walked out .
tr	8	Piles of folders and scraps of paper covered the surfaces and chair tops .
tr	10	As I stepped ever deeper , I couldn 't help but wonder what mysteries lay beyond the staircase .
tr	10	GW I never asked before but what do you think happened ... really ?
tr	9	The last thing she knew she was standing in the middle of the crowd .
tr	7	" Why didn 't two of them get together and kill the third . "
tr	8	He scribbled some notes on the pad in front of him .
tr	9	So we go there and wait for them to return ? "
tr	8	Wolf Eyes said , " I need water , let 's go to the stream . "
tr	8	" Mana , " she said with concern , " what is it ?
tr	8	" Righty -- ho , your Grace , " Simon answered , increasing the speed and making Miriam gasp .
tr	11	And of course , I have just begun to explore the power of a Creator .
tr	6	" Weird , she 's not here , " Jess said and left .
tr	7	Josie asked , taking a slow step forward .
tr	10	The forest had encroached upon the boundaries of the fortress and trees and bushes proliferated wildly across the ruins .
tr	7	Both of the mysterious figures looked down at the area below , then turned to each other .
tr	7	Except for the body he needed to bury .
tr	9	" He is Lilly Ann 's friend , " the girl repeated , " she 'll know what to do . "
tr	9	Abby smiled , " I uncover mysteries , artifacts , treasures , and documents every day .
tr	9	" Looks like Moira was right to hate that bitch . "
tr	5	" Oh , I really couldn 't , " the Irishman mumbled .
tr	10	" You can kill me if you find me a fraud . "
tr	7	During one of the subsequent hearings , I met with the Professor and Merrill from Carvel Tech .
tr	7	He had been over these grounds once before .
tr	7	Miriam said , turning pink .
tr	7	Together , the three of them sat around the crackling flames and reveled in the warmth .
tr	9	Leviathan will be the largest in the world but it means nothing .
tr	9	It was time to take charge .
tr	8	Instead , I look out across the island , taking in its beauty .
tr	11	" I need to talk to Robbie anyway , why don 't you come over to the house tomorrow ? "
tr	10	He glanced again in the direction she had gone .
tr	5	" Your ingenuity knows no bounds . "
tr	8	' I was honest with them but nobody else we met learned of my origins .
tr	6	" Well , the curses are just legends , " said Calvin Thurman , or Cal , one of the uncles .
tr	6	I will not cry , I will not cry , I will not cry , she told herself .
tr	9	Theodosia , Miriam noted , was beaming at the sight of her son shepherding Barbara into the garden .
tr	8	The room had recently undergone renovations , including new equipment and furniture .
tr	7	" As you can see , this is the main room .
tr	9	' Sorry to hear about your housing problems .
tr	8	" Oh , " I say when Gabe raises his eyebrows .
tr	10	When I tell him of you he say you can do anything with a staff . "
tr	10	We needed to find somewhere to hide .
tr	11	' Tis too much ; you are tired and beginning to scare me . "
tr	8	They hadn 't spoken since their last meeting ; communicating instead via email and text message .
tr	9	Joyce said , " I had him almost weaned , but this island is awash with booze . "
tr	8	As she reached the door , she heard Ruth call her name .
tr	9	Did you get to talk to Wendy at all ? "
tr	5	His fingers pound the keyboard .
tr	11	" I 'm going to take that as a yes .
tr	11	The lack of rust suggested that it was a fairly new addition to the otherwise grand and faded facade .
tr	11	" I can 't believe I 'm doing this , " he muttered , then whirled the gun 's chamber shut .
tr	11	I threw down a smoke screen to keep the brothers from following us .
tr	8	The first man untied the small roll of parchment and read .
tr	9	" You wish to fight me , " he said simply .
tr	7	With every flash of brown hair , my heart leaped .
tr	9	I couldn 't tell you which are better off . "
tr	7	" You might as well take in the view .
tr	8	" It 's a mobile phone intercept between two CIA agents ; one is a woman named Helen Bartholomew .
tr	9	" So Kiara , what do Italians look for when they come here ?
tr	7	It sniffed at the heart , then licked it .
tr	6	So as he approached , clearly on the warpath , my irritation with the evening only worsened .
tr	6	He hunted , he told stories , and generally engaged in vain and reckless behaviour .
tr	5	" What about some murderer , some bloody criminal ? "
tr	6	" I 'm so outta here , " I said .
tr	8	She went somewhere for a job , and she came back -- like that .
tr	11	He almost forgot about his travel companions and rushed forward into the emerald tunnel in front of them .
tr	5	" And a fun time , as well , " Jake went on .
tr	9	She could cause all kind of damage to the cause of Allah .
tr	5	Instead , a small door opened and a laser type camera emerged .
tr	7	" Hey , if nothing else , I found it pretty entertaining . "
tr	7	she shouted , beckoning anxiously .
tr	8	I 'd never met a Trojan Keeper before ; no-one I knew had .
tr	10	We need to get Eva and Jacob out of the city , stop Fuchs , and rescue Mercedes . "
tr	11	Now what was I going to do ?
tr	10	Once the project it 's done , I can return home .
tr	11	" I guess you do have a lot on your mind . "
tr	11	" You 've got to be kidding me , " he mumbles with apprehension , bracing for the imminent impact .
tr	8	We are go for five percent power . "
tr	10	Around him are grey curving walls with a domed ceiling from which there is luminescent light .
tr	8	" You 're no painting of beauty either , " he shot back .
tr	8	Elaina could not help but examine her companion right along with the scenery .
tr	5	" What the hell was that ? "
tr	7	They would always stay in my mind .
tr	10	" You need to wait until the pulse stops .
tr	9	She stared down at our friend lying on the floor .
tr	10	" Thanks a lot , Byron , " she said as she stood to leave .
tr	7	He knew that voice ; it teased him with its inaccessibility .
tr	7	I hope it holds . "
tr	11	It 's basically your transportation system which keeps everything functioning properly . "
tr	10	" It 's about your plans to end your pregnancy . "
tr	10	You have come to the southern end of the Dream Valley and here your oath of service to my quest ends .
tr	7	As Hank watched , the sunlight , rising from the east , touched the top of her head .
tr	11	He 'll let me know if there 's anything serious .
tr	8	He had no way to tell .
tr	5	" Robbed her prize box , " he answered , nonchalantly .
tr	8	By the evening , all four of them let their tiredness take over and at varying times fell asleep .
tr	9	They seemed to like their mock Tudor in Sleaford .
tr	8	She went to fetch another mug .
tr	6	Funny though , Chris couldn 't see the outcast Sykes anywhere .
tr	10	He intended to take care of things himself .
tr	9	What explanation I can provide ?
tr	10	That done , he went back to his bedroom and closed the curtains before climbing back into bed .
tr	6	Two seconds later , Malcolm punched him in the face with a solid right hook .
tr	10	I was glad he was all right , but I wished he 'd shut up .
tr	11	Trying to make it look natural , he headed over to the end of the table again .
tr	10	" We couldn 't have known this would happen . "
tr	6	" Little enough that is certain , and much that is probably untrue . "
tr	9	" Mother didn 't like consulting and her father was sad about that , " said Toby matter-of-factly .
tr	10	The Service had a simple protocol for dealing with such threats .
tr	6	" Oh , my goodness , Abang , you should hurry and help her . "
tr	5	' But not much Christian cheer this year , ' added Jake .
tr	8	For several seconds they stood tense in the gloom , then Rafe looked down into her upturned face .
tr	7	The orange glow closed behind the first one and then faded to nothing .
tr	7	We 'd take off our shoes and socks and roll up our pant legs .
tr	9	Framed in the door to the left of the dais stood a nightmare figure .
tr	5	+ + + Yes + + + DO ... YOU ... BELIEVE ?
tr	8	" Doctor Dresden , please don 't call me that , " Valerie asks .
tr	10	Leah asked , arriving from a short scouting trip up ahead in a flurry of leaves .
tr	11	And of course without these friends it would have been quite impossible to get the ring back .
tr	8	She had to get back .
tr	7	Basically , two worlds were rubbing up against each other within one family .
tr	8	" Well , maybe they are troublesome , but we would be in sore straits without them . "
tr	10	" Do you want to try ? "
tr	8	It 's hard to explain .
tr	7	He felt confused by the vision .
tr	9	Lisa suddenly sobs , the pain causing tears to form .
tr	6	" Oh my G ... " Victoria was hyperventilating .
tr	11	It 's obviously either a warning or someone doing their best to throw a scare into you . "
tr	9	Most of the batteries Ted found in people 's houses , were approaching their expiration dates or already dead .
tr	7	The institute 's chefs prepared untold delights , and all ate and drank with complete abandon .
tr	10	Graham turned to the desk sergeant , ' where is he being held .
tr	5	" Oh , great , what are you , his Igor ? "
tr	11	I felt was I missin ' sumthin ' , yo .
tr	11	he said , his voice so quiet that I could barely hear it .
tr	6	From another room , the sounds of " Sweet Home Alabama " carried to my ears .
tr	8	He started to back off a little .
tr	8	She pressed her mirror to her bosom as a distant glint demanded response .
tr	7	The Brotherhood knew them as the Elements : Wind , Water , Fire , and Stone .
tr	6	The soldier was staring , but Cade didn 't care .
tr	11	" You have proven that you can beat the very best .
tr	7	Defend what you did ! "
tr	8	She felt a stab of guilt , thinking about Josh .
tr	7	I called with my mind but I heard no reply .
tr	11	She has to ask to break the awkward silence .
tr	9	That 's cheating isn 't it ? "
tr	9	" I know it sounds strange , " Neil said .
tr	9	Fear of getting caught spread like wildfire across my skin and I had to force a swallow .
tr	6	She picked us up and fled . "
tr	9	The terror started to conquer me and I started to run .
tr	10	I seem to have misplaced yours .
tr	8	He said , " Is that the crank hanging on the wall ? "
tr	8	A beautiful brick fountain gurgled in the atrium , splashing water across smooth pebbles .
tr	11	' They will have to answer to my blade if they do ! '
tr	6	At that moment Michael and Ben swapped her wet boots for some dry ones .
tr	10	A black carriage , draped in long , shaded fabric was rolling towards the perimeter fence .
tr	7	She was asleep , her head leaned back against the black marbled wall and her mouth ajar .
tr	10	It is very responsive to every little movement I make .
tr	9	" Maybe her kingdom is being frozen as well by the uncle , " Simon suggested .
tr	7	Then he plucked the heart out with his teeth and swallowed it whole .
tr	7	He lowered his window , lit up and blew smoke into the slipstream .
tr	11	Sk ' lar was left standing with her parents .
tr	7	Grand will come for you .
tr	6	Upon landing , the jet taxied across the busy airport into a private hangar .
tr	9	The drop flashed like a ray of sunlight and immediately penetrated inside Natalie .
tr	11	I glanced out the window and was again caught by the rolling beauty of my home , England .
tr	5	Once again , Ryan lights up , only now he 's green .
tr	7	Empty rooms with the occasional person lying unconscious or curled up in a ball groaning .
tr	10	- And what do you feel for her ?
tr	8	It was only the seatbelt keeping her upright but she had slumped forward against the strap .
tr	10	She wanted to collapse onto the ground and just cry .
tr	7	I had enough blood on my conscience as it was .
tr	8	But Natalie immediately interrupted her : " I don 't like fortune telling . "
tr	10	The people who live in Vale are their descendants , mixed with those like us who they took in . "
tr	7	If she and Rand loved one another , could he deny her freedom ?
tr	8	So after the sheep are given the antidote , they will be routed back to the same containment area .
tr	7	" He 's right , " Navi chips in , drifting east .
tr	10	She whispers beginning to tear up again .
tr	10	Logan and I ducked behind the four-poster , leaning our firearms across the sheets towards the gaping door .
tr	7	I stretched them out slowly and scratched my leg with my boot .
tr	6	" Well , there you go , " Nate said , his point proven .
tr	9	This area had been transformed into a gladiators ' arena .
tr	11	" Billy ... we should be getting back to the hotel for some rest . "
tr	9	A hundred feet in , we came to an open elevator shaft descending into pitch blackness .
tr	8	He walked up close to me , close enough so only I could hear .
tr	10	A shifting of rocks sounds somewhere in the distance when Rift activates the lever .
tr	9	Are ye ready to proceed ? "
tr	6	" I liked your inverted idea , " said an extremely happy Ryan .
tr	8	They train cadets in light infantry tactics and all their NCOs and officers are combat veterans .
tr	6	At the double doors , two towering statues of valkyrie warriors stood guard with stone spears .
tr	8	" Yes , I understand the economy is hard .
tr	10	We 'll sort it out when you get home .
tr	7	" More like farmer extermination agents I 'd say , " Ted replied .
tr	10	My mother tried to hide it from me , but I did see it .
tr	6	The style of the cat and fox simultaneously invaded Connor 's instincts .
tr	11	On the far side of the lawn was the biggest house he had ever seen .
tr	11	Our travel must be quick and the shortest route you may conjure .
tr	5	Chapter 28 Juno Beach , Normandy , March 12th , 1096 A.D. Wow .
tr	6	Politely , I took her proffered hand and pumped it once , cordial y , and then released it .
tr	11	It seemed blind panic had taken over Kron 's senses .
tr	8	" I have read the books of our mothers .
tr	8	His brother , four years older , had been there for him at every turn .
tr	5	Without their thirteenth caste mate , they look almost flawless .
tr	9	Elaina peered over her pillow to examine the translucent canvas walls .
tr	9	I 'm dead aren 't I ?
tr	11	Mike and Pete watched the three newcomers shuffle off to drop their gear .
tr	8	They moved off the face of the cliff as far back against the rock as they could manage .
tr	8	In the morning , both horses had hobbled out into the surrounding pasture and the rain had stopped .
tr	6	But unlike Greg , her tone was gentle , and this was her job .
tr	7	Josie had never seen eyes like the stranger 's .
tr	8	" You 'll take it one day at a time and you 'll learn . "
tr	8	Instead of a trailer home , Gordon 's trailer was an RV and was made more for camping .
tr	8	I emptied it into the sink and by chance took the bottle back into the living room .
tr	6	The air is cool , and the stranger 's arms are strong .
tr	9	As the camp came into view Scott looked at the garbage drums and he smiled .
tr	8	You 'll find our path among the stars , as you always do . "
tr	6	Reaching the top floor , three more hallways arched out in different directions .
tr	9	Next time , don 't play with them just do your job .
tr	11	No longer could an adult or even a parent scold a child 's wrongdoing for fear of reprisal .
tr	9	" A woman -- a common woman -- thinks she can defeat me ? "
tr	8	She waited for a sign of comprehension from Taylor , " Get it ? "
tr	8	Once found , the scepter would help the princess defeat her uncle .
tr	6	Beyond them , on the shore , the Mother Turtle was an unstoppable destructive force .
tr	8	" You 're young , Zoe , and when you 're young , everything seems fixable .
tr	5	" In the Navajo language , the name Anasazi means ' ancient enemy . ' "
tr	11	He cannot possibly know the grander schemes at play in the colossal game of control the Goddesses are engaged in .
tr	7	Maybe that was somehow connected to this .
tr	8	It would be different for him here on the mountain 's face .
tr	11	I looked over and saw Alita sitting next to me with a cup of tea warming her hands .
tr	7	This was my grandfather 's duty , and now it was mine , my legacy .
tr	9	Atticus put our bags in the bedrooms while I stepped out on the balcony .
tr	6	At the same time , it had a nice cut and was glamorous .
tr	8	" What was Cobb 's beef with Barney anyway ? "
tr	9	" Let 's look , " Rick jumped up and they gathered around the lockers like school kids playing musical chairs .
tr	8	Quickly catching his breath , he finally takes in his surroundings for the first time .
tr	10	Soul Meaning is her debut novel and the first in a supernatural thriller series entitled Seventeen .
tr	8	" What happened to Gavin 's mother ? "
tr	7	He took down a suit bag , laid it on the bed and unzipped it .
tr	10	They supported decisions and were expected to produce results .
tr	6	The young operator at shuttle control sounded far too dispassionate about the situation .
tr	5	" Um , Chase , my roommate , it 's his girlfriend . "
tr	8	By God you 've got a nerve showing up here boy .
tr	10	Katherine had waited up to celebrate with them .
tr	7	" He 's with the horses , " John said .
tr	11	It 's so we can 't be surprised without them . "
tr	5	' Here they are , ' a voice said .
tr	8	" That 's why we have these tests .
tr	10	She just smiled and I was wondering if she was somehow mentally handicapped .
tr	7	I get to stink . "
tr	9	I tried to talk through them .
tr	6	She was surely a nice girl , young and fascinating , nothing else .
tr	9	Word reached Brazen just this morning that one of the policemen died .
tr	8	And as he did , the ermine cloak surrounding his regal body shifted .
tr	9	Such things have happened before in the Judgment of Souls . "
tr	8	Hailey knew from experience a Lizard 's reflection would be visible at that point .
tr	6	" What is this word , ' Anyhow ' ? "
tr	9	Talking through it seemed to make it more real .
tr	8	" We pass food through a hatch once a day .
tr	5	" Amy 's future success and happiness is always my main concern . "
tr	11	Sofia could not help the intense emotion that flowed over her .
tr	9	He also said he 'd just seen Wendy .
tr	5	An insomniac almost past his prime and a shattered girl ?
tr	8	Young dragons sometimes train with elder dragons this way , " Lisa explains .
tr	10	Had the Prince somehow left him so badly scarred it would affect his life ?
tr	11	Are we to expect these things to happen again and again ?
tr	11	I would hate for that wrist to get toxic . "
tr	6	Barbara broke the awkward silence with a throaty little laugh .
tr	7	" First , what about Robespierre 's corruption ?
tr	9	It is about to start again .
tr	7	I blurted out , testing him .
tr	10	If I can speak for the group , we 'd be most excited to accept your offer . "
tr	10	I blinked blood out of my eye and focused on where my feet were landing .
tr	9	Taylor had some difficulty not to get impatient .
tr	9	It began just below them at the foothills on which they stood .
tr	9	His energy is a noose around my mind , pulling me closer , tightening .
tr	11	That was all I needed to know .
tr	8	he said , as he stared out the airplane window .
tr	7	She paused before she spoke .
tr	6	Her hair was dark and unkempt , her eyes sunken , and her skin had an unhealthy pallor .
tr	8	They would have no cover but the fading darkness .
tr	11	" I think you 're a little confused about my Noah here . "
tr	9	" Get his deputy then , but get word to Buzz that something 's up . "
tr	7	The room was quiet when he left .
tr	8	But the sharp eyed mothers noticed the disk seemingly appearing out of thin air .
tr	9	" But nothing 's going to happen , " Elaina pressed .
tr	9	The guards saw them and immediately spread out in formation , coming farther into the room .
tr	7	There were five of them .
tr	7	Neil leaped onto the rock and shouldered Simon aside .
tr	6	Don 't try and talk , " he murmured .
tr	10	He was cold and hungry from days of sleeping outdoors and hiding , but it was almost over .
tr	11	They 're looting , killing , and doing God knows what else .
tr	10	What do eagles have to do with it ?
tr	10	She tumbled to the ground and immediately felt rough hands on her , pulling her away from the horse 's feet .
tr	10	" Still trying to get one over on me aren 't yer ?
tr	6	With a nod , the commander marched his way over to me .
tr	5	A huge closet in the west wing of her fairy palace .
tr	5	Chapter 13 : Kiev A few hours later , my front door opened and shut .
tr	11	He even had a vague suspicion that the discussion should not have been taking place .
tr	10	Of course that was then and now is now Jen thought .
tr	11	Is that what you were going to say ?
tr	7	Finally , the Prince got the idea , took the needle and thread , and sewed himself a hood .
tr	10	You who exist solely for your own gain , you disgust me , " Adam replied .
tr	11	" I thought we were making one cube for our space platform ? "
tr	5	The books , the maps , everything .
tr	8	Dennis came to see me .
tr	9	How could she know who inspected them ?
tr	11	Missy turned to see her mother pointing off to the left .
tr	10	Realizing that would not be an appropriate answer , he racked his brain .
tr	10	The assailant was then shot by one of the Commissioner 's aides .
tr	7	" Please come in , " he said , " make yourself at home , don 't mind the dogs . "
tr	8	" You sure you want everyone ? "
tr	10	She thought he needed to know .
tr	10	Barely breathing , Claire walked steadily forward , reaching into her pocket for her phone .
tr	10	Maybe if you talked about what happened , it might help . "
tr	11	" I think I may have found her , " said Dad .
tr	11	Chris nodded , surprised at first , then realizing that perhaps the timing made sense .
tr	11	" To be honest I think his fear was as much for her as himself .
tr	11	He paused and realized all three of us were staring at him .
tr	11	It was a risk I had to take .
tr	8	" You shouldn 't sleep with your guard down , " she said in a cheerful voice .
tr	5	" No , dear , " she agreed , " probably not . "
tr	10	" Who says she didn 't talk already ? "
tr	8	" Men of great honor , I salute you , " Brand said , choosing his words carefully .
tr	10	Our orders are very clear : no evac until we have you secured . "
tr	6	" Something is wrong , " Shade whispered to me .
tr	10	" You 're going to let me and the girl leave this boat alive . "
tr	9	" You my friend are left with the sword of the Eastern Kingdom . "
tr	8	" Well then perhaps you can help me out a little , may I come in ? "
tr	6	After Lucius 's statement , nobody thought about anything for a while .
tr	7	" Then will you have your son die , Kenna ? "
tr	11	He pointed to the door and whispered in her ear to get up quickly and quietly .
tr	10	His eyes shifted to where Rafe knelt beside Finan .
tr	8	Her heart ached because of her unexpected love for him .
tr	6	Of all the bonds she knew , it was the most indestructible and the most unappreciated .
tr	11	I gripped him tightly and dodged a further spray of bullets .
tr	11	Logan looked up from gazing at the onrushing plains out the smudged glass of the train .
tr	7	Jen , Kate and Viv sat up in the observation room watching the antics below .
tr	10	' Management 's actually the biggest part of what we do here . '
tr	8	Why your mother doesn 't let you meet someone new ? "
tr	7	With a better view , Dr. Warner could now see the damaged organs more clearly .
tr	11	No words could describe how relieved he was .
tr	10	" They 'll get an opportunity to be reasonable .
tr	9	We don 't know what went on ?
tr	10	" Alright , guys , let 's take a look inside the buildings next . "
tr	6	All things considered , her fall had been a gentle one .
tr	9	As Ted passed under Joe 's arm , his fist flashed out , connecting squarely with Joe 's kidney .
tr	8	If her new friend found her question obvious or dull he was either too polite or too shocked to let on .
tr	9	he heard Iris ask behind him .
tr	7	And also how many of the best scientists did you take hostage and force into hard labour ?
tr	10	If they wanted to kill him they could have easily done it by now .
tr	5	" So , by definition , picking one 's nose is unhygienic . "
tr	9	Have you ever heard of Operation Track and Hold ? "
tr	9	Finally , his joints begin to loosen and Lance prepares to deliver his deadly blow .
tr	11	I pulled out my handy dandy flashlight and flicked it on , ready to go rescue a prisoner .
tr	7	The old man gestured frantically and shouted a few sharp words in Mandarin .
tr	11	His eyes were unexpectedly drawn to the large throne the king sat upon .
tr	10	He took note of the fact and then dismissed it as best he could .
tr	10	That was when the gangs went to work .
tr	10	" Come on , professor , let 's go and find someplace to eat our grub .
tr	11	Said he damn well hoped we had eleven more hang fires .
tr	9	" Tell Amy that I 'm sorry and that I love her .
tr	6	" You guys are in deep shit .
tr	7	As he crossed the quadrangle , Bamford stood by the window and watched his progress .
tr	10	Yell if anyone needs to stop .
tr	10	There hadn 't been enough money to do everything .
tr	8	the leader of the SAS Troop which had the property surrounded .
tr	10	At that very moment Michael ran up and quietly explained what was going on .
tr	8	Behind me , Atticus was on the couch eating an apple .
tr	11	They never cease to try to abuse us ?
tr	5	He laughed , another real laugh , and my heart skipped a beat .
tr	9	He could not afford to stray far behind .
tr	6	He opened the corral gate , let Amanda through , and then closed it again .
tr	10	Shall we continue where we left off ? "
tr	7	He grinned and slid down into the seat .
tr	6	A man 's holy place , her father had once said .
tr	5	Under the loft , a huge , modern kitchen and a small dining table .
tr	6	Simon 's thoughts then fell on the word ' kidnapping ' .
tr	7	I kicked it off to the side and it landed behind a bush with a satisfying thud .
tr	9	Now , minister , you 'll be continuing as you are . "
tr	7	It was followed by a wild cackle .
tr	5	" No , I don 't , " she argued again .
tr	10	she pointed at Landon , who remained silent .
tr	10	It 's not going to end Soldado 's hatred .
tr	8	Maybe , she thought , just maybe there 's some little good to all this mess .
tr	5	It is pitch-black night outside .
tr	11	Thoughts of him hovered in the room , not letting go , not leaving me alone .
tr	11	If you 're having something doesn 't it imply what you 're having is a noun ?
tr	8	" I read about it in a book , " she stated before repeating the little rhyme .
tr	7	With dainty steps on pipe cleaner legs the Tarantula stepped down to the ground .
tr	8	" Let me guess ; this scientist met with an unfortunate accident ? "
tr	10	You know the Skull and some of his faculty mates have it in for you .
tr	7	Clancy turned and looked sharply at him .
tr	10	David 's thoughts were shattered by yelling and scrambling from the dam area .
tr	11	Sometime later , the Exiles returned , the girl looking around anxiously until she saw him by the elk .
tr	10	The alarm was sounded that someone was on the river .
tr	7	He took a step towards the glass wall , a dark scowl clouding his face .
tr	10	In composition , it was mostly of stone , a feature which seemed amiss in the woods .
tr	6	All swirled together into muddy brown .
tr	8	Just the fragrance alone made him feel warmer .
tr	6	Even this close , the dragon appeared an exact match to the artifact at the British Museum .
tr	11	" Now watch carefully , this is going to be a classic display of righteous justice . "
tr	11	Eight paths are revealed , entangled in the spider webs of bloody wire stretched throughout the room .
tr	6	All the same , I couldn 't drive my saber forward .
tr	9	Stack bad on top of terrible .
tr	6	I could show the world .
tr	5	I never saw such a big man .
tr	7	The time was roughly noon , Central Standard Time , and the day was roughly hot .
tr	8	Sitting in the chair previously occupied by the Minister , she consumed the meal with vigour .
tr	9	" First of all , " said Anderson , " they didn 't force me into anything .
tr	11	We must not lose this momentum by losing any one of you .
tr	9	I managed to flip around and twist her arm behind her back .
tr	6	Had she even had much choice ?
tr	8	While she sewed , Cade lounged by the fire watching her work .
tr	7	" Hold on , " Bradley caught himself , " They did not provide the books !
tr	11	" Do you know why you 're here ? "
tr	9	Here , give me a hand with some of these boxes . "
tr	7	" It 's the least of our worries . "
tr	9	They 'll each be assigned either a bridge to guard or a camp to monitor . "
tr	6	And then , I mean , John , you pretty much brought me back to life . "
tr	6	After all , I have slept quite a lot recently .
tr	7	The rest of the men wished Jeff and Robinson luck and dispersed to their posts .
tr	11	That didn 't stop him from ambling out of the room , and I heard him collapse on his bed .
tr	8	A window flew up in the center of the screen , showing a video recording from the mining site .
tr	11	Do you know who I am ? "
tr	10	" I must admit that was all a bit strange .
tr	10	It is said the forest has a power all its own .
tr	7	She was about fifty yards away now , sailing true .
tr	7	The prickly branches tore at her head and hair , scratching her arms and legs .
tr	9	I am very pleased with our progress over the last year .
tr	11	She took that to mean either one of two things .
tr	6	" XO , my scans are complete , " Warrior announces .
tr	7	And she 'd loved him back somehow .
tr	6	Dark colours covered the bed and windows .
tr	8	He looks young and handsome , a goofy grin forms on his lips upon seeing his captain .
tr	6	She looked up again at the greying sky .
tr	11	" Well , yes , but I 'm not allowed to assist them that way . "
tr	11	" There is no way to tell , but he 's strong ; he should be able to fight it . "
tr	11	" Let 's hope this is good news . "
tr	10	He died a few months ago of a wound and now I have no one to fulfill my passions . "
tr	10	" The part about there not having been any of me around . "
tr	9	" Wan na catch with us ? "
tr	8	I don 't want anyone to hear . "
tr	5	" Apparently , you also give them Hell . "
tr	9	Something wasn 't right with him , something at the very core of his being .
tr	9	He had to stay in Warsaw .
tr	10	Was Jonas trying to hurt Julian ?
tr	9	* * * That night I work on a short story for my creative writing class .
tr	6	I cursed my sister , but she was dead already .
tr	10	Her first memories were of a nice comfortable house in a happy , pretty suburban area of San Francisco .
tr	9	" John , see if the door will lock , " Sarah said , holding her gun steady on the gypsy .
tr	10	He couldn 't risk exposing himself to the gas anymore .
tr	6	In fact , the door was slightly open and creaking in the wind .
tr	8	Riki kept asking about Mana .
tr	6	' Well something made those dogs howl , ' Duke reminded them .
tr	9	Tell her that I will send tonight the first part . "
tr	5	Behind the checkout counter , the register 's cash drawer was open and empty .
tr	7	Blaming someone with a brain tumour would do nothing but cast her as the evil sister .
tr	7	" They rely more on their shields , " Wes said quietly .
tr	6	The man opposite squinted his shifty eyes in disbelief .
tr	9	Some slipped to their knees as if their legs would not support them .
tr	7	I 'll tell the others , we 'll leave tomorrow at dawn . "
tr	7	" Don 't even say that , John .
tr	9	That isn 't any free speech I know about . "
tr	10	Any light could signal their presence so they camped without a fire .
tr	7	He 's expecting a retort back , but my throat has gone tight .
tr	11	You will sit quietly in that seat until I tell you to move .
tr	11	Claire released her seat belt and leaned over to look at Sky 's face .
tr	7	He reached into his bag and removed another .
tr	10	They are enroute now and should be landing in about an hour . "
tr	6	Jolie eyed the pastry cakes on my tray .
tr	9	Gabriel pressed his lips together as the cell continued ringing , now for the fifth time .
tr	10	Not today , the first day in history to see the Creators lose in battle .
tr	5	Broken glass , a few battered file cabinets , some garbage here and there .
tr	9	What made you attempt it ? '
tr	6	One of these Slavs , a portly man , bald and bearded , spoke with a rasping voice .
tr	5	Under all that asshat exterior , you 're not a bad guy . "
tr	10	Gabe perks up in his seat , and so do I , responding instantly as his aura pulses bright violet streaks .
tr	9	' We should know within the next twenty-four hours if you develop any symptoms .
tr	5	" Or perhaps such useless methods never existed at all . "
tr	5	" My , you 're a beautiful young lady . "
tr	9	" No need to thank me , " she replied quietly .
tr	6	8 April 01 , 1625 We are expecting our second child .
tr	10	He shook his head in apparent disbelief of what just happened .
tr	9	Do we have a tail ? "
tr	8	As she settled on the grass , her phone trilled the arrival of a message .
tr	10	I smiled attempting to calm her .
tr	7	You see something crude , hateful and dangerous like that bulldozer and you remember . "
tr	11	Blinking away the dizziness , he did not see her until her face was inches from his .
tr	7	' He means the Austrian State Police , ' I translated at Reid 's puzzled expression .
tr	8	His eyes closed before the man reached him .
tr	7	He was dressed in his dress blues .
tr	11	He watched the details of William 's lab cross in front of him as 007 looked around the room .
tr	11	Ryan wanted to see if his current team knew Mr. Jones .
tr	10	News reports showed the first super hero on a rampage , fighting law enforcement and destroying portions of the city .
tr	5	Even like this , with reddened eyes , she was damn beautiful .
tr	6	Miss Tick also asked for a fresh egg , not cooked , in its shell .
tr	7	Other than this , we can 't fight back in any conventional manner .
tr	10	" Who do you know that ever got shot by an arrow at a playground ? "
tr	8	I 'm blown away with my team 's achievements so far . "
tr	8	Besides , cans and bottles wouldn 't have tested my nerves like that . "
tr	7	Fifteen minutes later , we rose from the table and headed for the front door .
tr	7	" Whew , " Rick sighed , " don 't scare me like that .
tr	9	In Ted 's pack were four of these devices and a Zippo lighter .
tr	8	This is not talking about physical death , but spiritual death , or eternal separation from God .
tr	5	" Who are you guys ? "
tr	6	" One of your girls . "
tr	11	I wanted to know what I could do .
tr	5	Mark blood regenerates ; it held all the parts together . "
tr	6	He treated Dad and I so differently . "
tr	8	" The storm is a reaction to the Tome 's power , as the natural elemental order is disrupted .
tr	8	After Alita put a cloth bag over his face , the truck slammed on its brakes .
tr	7	Lea , without pulling back her left arm , threw a right straight , and hit Valeria square in the face .
tr	7	" How dare you , boy !
tr	6	At last , the dog stopped his wrenching with a final jerk .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , son , " he said to the unconscious boy .
tr	5	Much like Chuck Norris . "
tr	8	He wasn 't looking at Ethan anymore , but was staring out the window .
tr	6	He recognized the huge , thickly cushioned furniture with its frilly tassels .
tr	6	" Today 's ' Decorate Your Locker Day ' , " Tori said .
tr	8	" Justice , " he breathes , slashing his sword diagonally in an imperceptible swing .
tr	9	So much for arriving under the radar .
tr	9	The shuttle 's speed needed to increase with each revolution .
tr	11	She was startled to hear his voice when he spoke .
tr	9	They 're acting like they 're still soldiers .
tr	7	Strand by strand , I pulled microfibers from the rug .
tr	7	" He 's a busy man , " said the Pastor walking up behind Maggie and Frank .
tr	6	announced the florid , vaguely gelatinous man with the broken microphone .
tr	8	Then he kissed me with passion , taking my fears from my shoulders .
tr	8	" You 've found yourself in quite the predicament , haven 't you ? "
tr	6	Sunlight crawls up my knees and flows across my hands .
tr	8	Jonesy asked General Saunders , and both pilots headed over to the hangar 's coffee machine .
tr	8	A subtle shift in the forest path they followed and they would pass right by this very spot .
tr	6	" Come on , " he said , " we can still get the canoe .
tr	6	She wore pink slacks , a pink blouse , and pink tennis shoes with a bulky pink purse .
tr	11	I was supposed to watch over her and keep her safe .
tr	6	And among these things holy , none was holier , nor as secret , as the path .
tr	7	" You can leave the jars and nets , " Simon said .
tr	7	He grabbed her handbag , dumped its contents into a backpack , and dropped the purse on the floor .
tr	7	To the left , taking cover behind a makeshift barricade , were Victor , Anatole and a dozen Bastian Hunters .
tr	6	The external results , like improved health , job promotions , or better relationships , came from the change within .
tr	8	" I see , and what is the name of your horse ? "
tr	6	Go and help Grace , and then meet us outside . "
tr	10	Both were invited to live in the house .
tr	11	In the room , was a woman dressed in white , with her head shaking , speaking to the wall .
tr	7	She shook him off and pointed , and Neil climbed out of the ooze .
tr	10	He was close enough that Claire could feel his breath on her face .
tr	7	" The warrior you fool ! "
tr	8	In that few minutes we allowed ourselves the time to dream , to hope , to love .
tr	7	In the confusion we were separated from the group .
tr	6	Looking a bit dazed , she collapsed onto a chair .
tr	10	With the light singing to our souls , attacking the enemy like the straightest arrow , we will prevail !
tr	6	A small boy in livery , known as a tiger , clung to the perch in the back .
tr	10	" Go to the Sunset Inn on the bay and tell the innkeeper I sent you .
tr	8	" What I intend to do ? "
tr	11	You want to look at pictures of it ? "
tr	5	" Very well , " she said unwillingly .
tr	11	Could it be true that she was the only one left of her line ?
tr	6	what we need is more intel . "
tr	11	She 'd heard that Kiwi men had a tendency towards chauvinism .
tr	10	" What 's wrong with what your mother and I learned , Maggie ? "
tr	7	Missy walked over to the windows and looked out .
tr	7	" Oh no , " Trae murmured to himself , almost in sobbing tone .
tr	11	She circled around to his backside while Mariposa remained in front of him .
tr	6	" One moving , sir , " McCutcheon called down to Towers .
tr	10	My arms and legs shook from the strain of carrying the injured immortal .
tr	10	By the time I was fifty I was on my third wife . "
tr	8	No one but Taylor , that is .
tr	11	" Ahhh , don 't be giving me a reason to kill the poor beast . "
tr	7	People were obviously familiar with Lilly Ann 's van .
tr	8	It bore the logo of Jackson Industries and the printed slogan , " Weapons That Just Might Work . "
tr	6	The chest was small , perhaps two feet across and eighteen inches deep and tall .
tr	8	" Stop ... calling me ' missus . '
tr	7	As his companion 's form fades away , he regains his composure and begins the trek up Death Mountain .
tr	9	† † † Several hours later , awakened by the most delicious smells filling her cabin , she opened her eyes .
tr	7	She turned away and a brief glimpse of the man popped into her head again .
tr	8	The gun held steady , aimed at my head .
tr	8	Josie walked up to Mark , her eyes pleading and sincere .
tr	11	She really wanted all of this preparation to be over !
tr	8	He began hurling large brass bells from his sack .
tr	9	Frank turned back to the designer , his carry-on in his hand .
tr	10	In seconds , his worst fears were realized as the occupants extended their guns out from the windows .
tr	8	Anderson said with a tilt of his head .
tr	9	Jan had seen the knowing smile that she was politely concealing .
tr	6	Isaac yelled across the cliff face to me .
tr	6	Finan smiled at these memories .
tr	9	The magus whimpered to himself like a child yanked from a good dream .
tr	7	No no , that 's not it , I stammered and we made some small talk about the holidays .
tr	7	' Get us out of here ! '
tr	5	He was her best friend .
tr	10	My wife had to keep an eye on her all day .
tr	10	Stella looked to be deep in thought .
tr	10	" I don 't know what you 're talking about , " he muttered .
tr	9	Ahmad let his eyes wander over Victoria .
tr	9	The look the four of them gave each other spoke volumes .
tr	10	We finished about fifteen minutes after we started the plate of twenty .
tr	11	" Okay , is there a particular reason you haven 't killed them yet ? "
tr	9	She can be mad at me later , so long as she is alive later .
tr	7	From the second story window , there was a clear view out over the water .
tr	11	" I have to come up with an entry for the Extravaganza . "
tr	10	I 'd forgotten ' bout them .
tr	8	I ripped open a second drawer , fighting back tears , looking for more current pictures .
tr	8	Finding it felt like the first real stroke of luck since the crisis .
tr	5	Clang , clang , clang , clang , clang , clang , clang , clang .
tr	9	And to think that I ... well , we ... anyway , it 's very exciting .
tr	6	I am here and safe .
tr	5	Editing : Sarah Rutter , Justin Morgan and Timmy Steward .
tr	8	" Well forget about it , he 's not to be touched . "
tr	8	We 're leaving , " Neela said , inching away from the edge .
tr	9	Training had been going exceptionally well for his new Ferrets .
tr	7	" Both of you get a few things straight , " continued Anderson with a fierce gaze .
tr	7	" I do not think so ; ' tis far too cold . "
tr	7	Logan wiped the blood from his mouth , his chest heaving .
tr	8	' He 's bringing the last of his men out . '
tr	8	We are disappointed in your decision , and there will be consequences . "
tr	8	In the one corner was a glass cabinet filled with weapons and swords .
tr	6	" Come on , don 't get all overheated and huffy . "
tr	10	Your little girl , the last child named in the Hall of Giants , is ready to begin .
tr	9	When he pulled his hand away , there was no noticeable change in the color of the scar .
tr	6	The victim 's pale , waxy skin provided a macabre canvas for the ink on her arms and legs .
tr	9	An overwhelming , disgusting stench came to her when he breathed directly into her face .
tr	10	Cody , do you mind going for some fire wood with Farmer ? "
tr	10	Now it 's time for all of us to sleep , but first we 're going to pray .
tr	5	No , not a person , it was most certainly a Halfling .
tr	11	They were now flying with the Angel in his starship and had no idea what to expect next .
tr	10	She had enough potatoes and garlic and wild rosemary to make a proper feast of the dish .
tr	6	I yell out for no reason .
tr	5	Philosophy , nation , ethos , values , principles , beliefs , and discernment are but examples .
tr	6	I lowered the Glock and the Smith & Wesson and squeezed the triggers rapidly .
tr	7	He stepped forward out of the tree , and at the same instant , the wolf lunged at his throat .
tr	8	And you know what , you are right .
tr	11	Cousin Geoff had told him that powerful exercise rids a body of spent adrenalin .
tr	11	' I thought I saw you going on stage .
tr	9	" No , " he moaned quietly , not wanting to wake his queen .
tr	6	But he remained determined , and his second chance came soon after .
tr	9	I also have some unused tear gas canisters in the drawer near the window .
tr	10	' The Council members would like to consult with the nobles under their command . '
tr	10	" Listen , I have no idea who you 're talking about and I have to go . "
tr	6	" In our tales they turned our peoples upon one another in much the same way . "
tr	8	" Coming in for a coffee , Jen ? "
tr	7	I know only one Jones ... " " Yes .
tr	10	It 's not just for a small cute family trip , I know it 's something more then that .
tr	10	she asked dreamily , and then went on without waiting for an answer .
tr	10	" Hah , I was waiting for you to ask that , " she snickers .
tr	10	At those spots ; he would linger longer , taking his time , until she pleaded with him .
tr	6	" I ... I don 't know ... " " The moonlight fires , " he said impatiently .
tr	8	Intricate tribal tattoos litter his single exposed arm , the coat only having one full sleeve .
tr	6	That hand had betrayed him .
tr	10	Who knows what to think anymore ?
tr	8	" Thank you " stated Simon looking down at his hands .
tr	9	Before , Elaina had always been uncomfortable with the thought of a far shore .
tr	10	She tenses , ready to step forward .
tr	5	With a terrible metallic scream , teeth and claws puncture the metal hull above .
tr	9	It 's time to believe , I need my gift to save my life .
tr	9	He wondered at how quickly everything came apart .
tr	8	In fact after 6 months he began assisting me on several freelance missions .
tr	10	We were understaffed as it was and breaking in a new waitress , so all the tickets got messed up .
tr	11	Out of the corner of my eyes , I saw figures appear at the end of the alley .
tr	8	' Fair enough I suppose , ' Calvin said getting a bit more in the mood .
tr	6	" With every step your time grows shorter , " she intoned , her voice dry and bookish .
tr	6	Finally , he said , " Only time will tell . "
tr	5	She asked , " Who ? "
tr	9	Do you want anything ? "
tr	6	All of them either shook their heads or mumbled negative responses .
tr	7	He then gave the men a quick order and they continued on their way .
tr	8	Considering the events of the last week , two days was a long time to lose .
tr	5	Furthermore , in his opinion it wasn 't even important .
tr	8	What were they to do ?
tr	8	roared a voice from the corner of the room .
tr	11	Gabriel had recovered well since that day , but the playfulness seemed to be gone from his eyes .
tr	7	There was movement behind me .
tr	6	' I have an idea , ' I said thoughtfully .
tr	8	" To save us from ourselves , " Gabe shrugs .
tr	6	" You 're late , " Nathaniel says .
tr	6	Reviews for Jago Piran 's work : " He writes slick , eminently readable prose . "
tr	8	" ' Tis all I can think of too . "
tr	6	The wet dog smell , the breathing sounds and the whistling , they were fascinated .
tr	10	Anderson knew the odds were strongly against them , but there was always a chance .
tr	6	" The Vice President is in danger ! "
tr	9	The family began to experience more difficult times .
tr	7	And the captain was the best dressed of all .
tr	9	Her British reserve forced her to hold her tongue , and silence fell .
tr	10	Lubna was going to die and he wouldn 't even be there to hold her .
tr	6	" In the beginning was the word , and the word was God . "
tr	11	I knew they were preparing to react .
tr	9	All those whose business on the island was concluded had already left for their own homes to ride out the storm .
tr	10	" It is time I must leave you .
tr	6	" Anyway ... " His thumb moved in slow , idle circles along my lower stomach .
tr	8	" But Mummy says I mustn 't , " the chick replied sensibly .
tr	9	He scraped out the existing SIM with his fingernail and stuffed it into the back of his wallet for safekeeping .
tr	9	" You know , France ... We should get back now .
tr	5	In their land , the day and night cycle was very odd .
tr	10	He went to Waving Willow and said , " Looks like we have company . "
tr	11	He now understood why his mother had all those books that she kept reading .
tr	8	What 's in my book , I mean .
tr	10	Is she ... are you ? "
tr	9	Claire wondered if the lad behind the desk ever spoke in full sentences .
tr	9	" Well , I guess so , but it 's really important that you see it , too . "
tr	8	All he could see was the pitch black of the bag .
tr	6	" Quickly , " he pleaded , his voice filled with pain .
tr	9	Melody stooped down to look under the machine .
tr	7	" Right , you moron , so we can find our way out . "
tr	11	Hearing the footsteps of someone coming behind him , he listened harder .
tr	6	Landon 's uneasy grin was halfway between excited and nervous .
tr	11	" I 'm glad I 've got Shadow .
tr	6	" I 'm calling it a night . "
tr	8	Don 't tell me you 've given up already and checked into a hotel .
tr	7	Stupidly , another man moved to the window and received the same treatment .
tr	8	Despite appearances , he wasn 't doing this for himself .
tr	8	Ted discarded the burnt grenade on the ground and walked around the back of the van .
tr	8	No immortal has ever done that before . '
tr	5	Have you asked Lilly yet ? "
tr	11	" I was just fortunate enough to be born with a Shadow center .
tr	7	" Please send Eda back into me when you leave . "
tr	9	Pete stepped forward , swinging his axe up and over in a big arc he aimed right for Mark 's head .
tr	6	" People are sheep , " he says .
tr	6	About yea high , blond , all the girls looove him - " He broke off .
tr	6	" In time to behold her in her full , springy , nubile , youthful glory !
tr	8	Chapter 19 The house of the Fox brothers stamps a generous footprint across a scraggly plot of land .
tr	10	" What do you think you were doing back there ? "
tr	6	He slowly reached down , touched it , and quickly pulled back his hand .
tr	8	Each one had a stone chimney but only the first two had smoke , and , she now noticed , footprints .
tr	7	" So , what did you guys think ? "
tr	7	" Finn , what will you do ? "
tr	9	" I am happy to answer you Simon ! "
tr	6	Brand gave a passing glance to Hilda inside her cell .
tr	9	Where 's the quaint thatched roof when you need it ?
tr	8	He felt his feet slide down the incline of the pool .
tr	6	' They just lifted the rocket launcher out through the sunroof . '
tr	10	It buzzed around , its electronic engine following a blinking light emitting a red laser .
tr	11	Chapter Twenty : Yesterday Till Forever " Elyssa , " Eden said , " so good to see you .
tr	10	I say we give him what dignity he can find . "
tr	8	It 's him I want , not a religion . "
tr	5	And above this , something else ; a deeper sound , echoing and ominous .
tr	11	He could see that her eyes wanted to close .
tr	9	It 's been so long since we last saw you . '
tr	6	Glowing spirals of blue cloak his body like colored steam .
tr	10	We were supposed to have forever .
tr	10	The fingers were a child 's , even darker than his own , blackened by dirt .
tr	10	It 's not every day you get front row seating at the gun show . "
tr	11	They all seemed to occur naturally as if nothing was amiss .
tr	6	Dorian touched it reverently , then slipped it into a scabbard he fastened around his waist .
tr	6	" Okay , I 'm sorry , I 'll shut up now . "
tr	7	The guy pumping the septic tank is just as important as the people manufacturing or selling the toilet .
tr	9	And I have a rather long day ahead of me today too .
tr	9	She was staring at the city , a few miles away .
tr	8	Sampson had invested Ethan with power , not only in intelligence collection , but also in internal security .
tr	8	Chase turned to her and looked at the opened window but saw no one .
tr	6	Nodding and mumbling uncomfortably , the boys unlocked the door again and went back outside .
tr	11	" Do you want me to carry you ? "
tr	10	Underneath their disguises they wore suits of rubber .
tr	7	she asked , and an unmistakable gleam of relief appeared in her eye .
tr	9	" So what are you going to do ? "
tr	11	Top of that ... it 's those damn army wives , have to be nice I suppose . "
tr	11	" Then find someone who has the courage to ! "
tr	6	" Like I said ... sit down and shut up . "
tr	9	" I haven 't seen enough of her to make up my mind .
tr	8	What special bird is this and how do you know of its song ? "
tr	6	On first impression , he was a preppy rich kid , barely out of college .
tr	11	He knew he was in a chair and he felt his ankles and wrists were bound by metal shackles .
tr	9	" It is commendable , but elementary compared to the intelligence modules and the organism growing technology , " said Toby .
tr	9	The drought , the crime , the hunger , the weakness , and the humiliation begin to well up in him .
tr	7	In the words of his departed mother he was long and lean , effeminate and fair with a pleasantly gangly aspect .
tr	9	Wounded Eagle 's mother was named Tranquil Lady , and she began to tell her story .
tr	8	" We could go through the sewers , " she answered quickly .
tr	10	Somewhere , deep down , you knew that was the smell of an uninfected human .
tr	7	Rationally , Ainsworth had quietly talked with a friend accompanying Fletcher .
tr	11	" It looked like something you would treasure , Soul . "
tr	5	" Oh no , " he unintentionally mouths .
tr	7	Josie turned around , grinning broadly .
tr	6	He tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
tr	5	" Oh , dear , " the young engineer muttered .
tr	6	" He 's on their side .
tr	7	His hand grew closer to my face and he fought it with all his strength but it was no use .
tr	9	He heard the gentle clatter of ice floating in water , bumping against the plastic sides .
tr	11	It took far too many precious seconds to carve a path through the wall of immortals .
tr	7	And rather than explain all this , he simply replied , " I ain 't much of a card player . "
tr	9	Unable to get his footing , he topples off the group , tumbling downward toward the growing hell below .
tr	7	She should have known better .
tr	7	Without missing a beat , I take my tray up the stairs .
tr	7	Day after day , the courtroom would fill with a hateful audience .
tr	8	Your own family could have been on there .
tr	8	There was no moon , but the stars were as bright as lanterns , showing the lake below in sharp relief .
tr	11	I thought the day , I had found her , had truly been the best day of my life .
tr	9	Her hands start to glow green with the power of the will she gathers .
tr	9	You see it don 't you ? "
tr	6	" We are not a safe harbor for widows either . "
tr	9	" I knew you didn 't ... but he had to check , Maya .
tr	11	" I keep forgetting why I 'm in hospital . "
tr	10	There wouldn 't be much point having them if I didn 't use them .
tr	9	Sure that the people above weren 't their brothers they started yelling for help .
tr	9	Viv sat , looking uncomfortable and stiff , in the comfortable chair .
tr	7	" No , " Rick answered , " that 's perfect .
tr	10	That would be very bad for both of us , wouldn 't it ? "
tr	5	" No , Mother , it doesn 't , " Jordan broke in .
tr	5	She had walked the plank herself , of her own accord .
tr	11	Do you know what it was ? "
tr	7	She was lying on her side .
tr	8	" So he 's dead , " she said , getting her first good look at him .
tr	10	' He says we should arrange appointments with studio managers . '
tr	7	But across the desert there is a life for us .
tr	9	I know I have lost some blood .
tr	7	" Um ... " He shifted about on his feet , then crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	6	Ask her , Dion , about the love letters she gets every month from her fiancé .
tr	9	" Then wake the others and we will leave now . "
tr	7	The space around the citadel had been cleared , and the emptiness accentuated the building 's magnitude .
tr	5	His friends and neighbours were afraid , cold and hungry .
tr	7	She made for the bedroom door , but Neil grabbed her arm .
tr	7	I took out my knife and cut the apple into small piece .
tr	9	The two Arabs in front stopped and searched the ground for tracks in the next draw .
tr	7	" My most sincere apologies , my good lady .
tr	9	You subs are under arrest for conspiracy to overthrow the People 's Government .
tr	8	The full version is Andrew , but I never gave it much thought . "
tr	9	" I will be your chamber boy for the duration of the trip .
tr	7	If at that time it was satisfactory , it was bottled and stored for use , mainly at festive gatherings .
tr	5	" You drive , Ronan , there 's a good boy .
tr	11	He hears the characters voice and listens to them , while he is one of them . "
tr	10	Friends don 't throw each other to the wolves , whatever the benefits .
tr	10	" Will you not listen to sense , Rafe ? "
tr	7	It wasn 't a nice Prokofiev 's piece , it was a brutal , harsh discordance of sound .
tr	5	" You ... You remember me ? "
tr	6	How did she climb up so fast ?
tr	8	Lukas paused to look back .
tr	11	" You hurt me more than she could ever have dreamed .
tr	9	But was like he didn 't hear me .
tr	10	" I thought you couldn 't remember anything since 1962 . "
tr	6	Whatever else they are , the Faith must be serious .
tr	11	" What 's going to happen to me ?
tr	10	What I could do to help .
tr	7	Robbie then spoke more with Mrs. McDonald and gave her some instructions .
tr	10	Speeding onwards , we passed farm carts , trotting ponies , and walking peasants , all bearing farming tools .
tr	9	As an Officer , he now had Sergeants to handle these things for him .
tr	6	Despite the gloom , images wandered about in the night .
tr	6	" Somehow , after a really long time , I got my hands loose and untied my feet .
tr	7	At that moment Ian dashed breathlessly into the courtyard , grinning sheepishly he asked , " am I late ? "
tr	5	" Uh , noth ... " " Don 't say nothing , Harper .
tr	11	I wonder if I might have your attention for a moment . "
tr	8	" That remains to be seen .
tr	11	It tasted like bong water with a hint of peppermint .
tr	9	" There is fruit we can reach . "
tr	11	" I didn 't do what he said I did . "
tr	8	Riki always ate hers with about a pound of butter and guava jelly .
tr	10	A full days rest and several good meals would be the only thing to change that .
tr	9	He examined it closely for a bit , then put it in his pocket and walked away .
tr	10	Auron was able to breathe with relief .
tr	8	That changed after she married the gentle giant .
tr	10	" If you see Claire before I find her , tell her Hennessy 's looking for her .
tr	10	He popped his head out of the taxi window , trying to get a better view .
tr	7	She turned her back again and stirred some more .
tr	5	I 'm not even sleepy , anyway . "
tr	6	" Your brother works at the embassy .
tr	5	Detective novels , classics - Raymond Chandler , Dashiell Hammett , James M. Cain .
tr	11	From there they laid their plans to travel to the southern reaches of the Dream Valley .
tr	10	Overall , Daniels was a model prisoner , exhibited good behavior , and done what he was told .
tr	7	he said to Sarah , grabbing her hand .
tr	10	Now that the dragon had flown away , he was going out to check on the Colonel .
tr	11	It was hard to hear the subtle sound of footsteps .
tr	10	They might start thinkin ' we fooled ' em .
tr	11	It felt good to have his head free of alcohol .
tr	8	Besides , he 's being led by those idiots .
tr	5	" By the way , you never answered my question .
tr	7	Even that drunken , lazy crowd had probably noticed his absence by now .
tr	7	One seated man had a squirming puppy in his lap .
tr	9	I don 't have time for games , " the girl shot back .
tr	10	Rather she sat looking up , her eyes placid , waiting for him to respond .
tr	9	Clinging onto the last vestiges of his sanity , Tarleton dropped to his knees .
tr	8	After the reboot of his senses is complete , he decides he can continue .
tr	11	Having to see that on screen was terrible .
tr	10	The girls and Abby took turns supporting him .
tr	5	" You need some ? "
tr	9	The hermit squinted at the door and tilted his head to listen .
tr	8	Epona 's steady gallop suddenly becomes sporadic , and Link immediately knows why .
tr	8	After food , Richard filled everyone 's champagne flute with the bubbly Raphael had so far avoided .
tr	7	We 're still a quarter-mile from the truck .
tr	8	Numbness in the extremities is accompanied by a diminished sensitivity to pain and extreme heat and cold .
tr	6	Sarah covered her mouth and watched him intently .
tr	10	It had been reported stolen over a year ago .
tr	7	Tomorrow , he would write a letter to his mother .
tr	9	It looked more striking than it had ever looked before .
tr	9	He stood close to Josie while they waited outside the dressing rooms .
tr	11	" Well , what do you do then ? "
tr	9	" Hurry up you fools , before that creature can bring help . "
tr	6	The squad leader , Ann-Marie , a marathon runner , is effortlessly leading the troop .
tr	11	Noah 's mouth formed more words Mariposa could not understand in her excitement .
tr	5	Banking left , she spotted a single sailboat far below .
tr	9	He crept silently through the forest , leaving no sign of his passing .
tr	10	You cannot prepare a girl to do this .
tr	11	" Wow , that is the most impressive bed of coals I 've ever seen .
tr	8	It took a long while of silence before he regained his speech .
tr	6	" Baby , you 're dead , " I tell him .
tr	11	Trinity demanded as she tried to keep up .
tr	7	I searched for the right words but they wouldn 't come .
tr	9	The Styx and the Arjuna are both maneuvering to comply , " he called down to the admiral .
tr	9	Do you want one ? "
tr	5	" Well , anyway , I learned something important that day . "
tr	7	Three deer darted across the lane and disappeared instantly in the thick woods .
tr	8	Simon 's dad died 10 years earlier in a boating accident near the Antarctic coastline .
tr	7	He took it out of the bag and handed it to her .
tr	6	Down there on the next outcrop is some scattered brush .
tr	5	Creators , though , we can create or destroy .
tr	10	" The good news is that Santa 's come out of his coma .
tr	10	" I 'm actually inclined to agree with the little turd ! "
tr	8	He saw the drug bundles slipping quickly by , and threw the hook .
tr	9	Ricky looked concerned as he got out of the truck .
tr	6	She sat up , her skin suddenly cold and her stomach churning .
tr	8	With their guns still drawn , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
tr	8	I tugged at the binds , but they weren 't called my specialty knots for nothing .
tr	9	" What do we usually do , you daft bugger ? "
tr	8	He asks , dangling the ocarina in the air .
tr	9	" I never should have said that to you , you use that expression too much now . "
tr	11	He looked first to Calvin who nodded to his dad .
tr	7	The smoke burned his nostrils and made him cough .
tr	10	Sofia asked , sitting on a huge stone on the corner .
tr	8	Connie was beaming , I said , " Christ honey you look like the Cheshire cat . "
tr	9	Hovering above each and every child 's head , a fairy dances through the air .
tr	10	" Dying later is far different than dying now , " Sofia spoke .
tr	8	A few of the braves started beating on the drums .
tr	7	And his face was impossibly weathered -- tanned skin hung on his thin head like a damp leather sack .
tr	11	What few people who were not at service came out to gawk .
tr	11	I was going to say , " who 's there ? "
tr	7	" Well ... they come and go more than any others , but we 've got too many right now .
tr	11	I don 't get why because we 're a broken family from Pennsylvania .
tr	8	" But you are not weak because you needed help .
tr	7	The sun was up and made mesmerizing sparkles on the snow .
tr	10	" Point to somebody who is different . "
tr	6	" Oh , for Heavens sake - P.C. Jones , go and consult the nurse . "
tr	7	" Ready to go . "
tr	8	" He must be the leader of these murdering little bastards . "
tr	8	Help me to understand it .
tr	11	Walking briskly , but not so fast as to draw unwanted attention , we strode through the dark streets .
tr	8	We need to work together .
tr	7	Writes stories -- pretty decent ones , actually . "
tr	6	Desperately he kicked around him .
tr	7	" Over there , " the flight assistant said and pointed to a door just across the cabin .
tr	10	Things that I have to do .
tr	7	" What do you remember after the war ? "
tr	9	Logan and I flew about to prepare ourselves .
tr	9	They shook hands each noting the grip of the other .
tr	11	We have to assume they know the timeline by now .
tr	11	Waiting for somebody who would never come ? "
tr	8	What is going on with Simon ? "
tr	10	I don 't need you to come with me .
tr	9	Nathan smiled in spite of himself , " Wingo ?
tr	7	He broke off a bigger piece and stuffed it into his watering mouth .
tr	11	It was as if she had been punched in the gut .
tr	10	His eyes shifted to her with amusement and with a mockingly courteous nod to her , he turned and left .
tr	7	Beside him , Elaina 's shoulders slumped as she sighed .
tr	7	His helmet had been removed and the visor was heavily cracked .
tr	6	Her hair was back in a long pony tail .
tr	7	Claire put the phone down and pulled her iPad onto her lap .
tr	6	Luckily there were a few sandwiches left .
tr	9	Soon after being exposed to the contagion , victims exhibit symptoms typical of many viral infections .
tr	6	" Thank you , Mrs. Johansen , " Brooke and Evy said at the same time in airy voices .
tr	11	She had to see her wounds to know that they were real .
tr	8	I was on deck at the time .
tr	11	Lena laughed as she hurried off in front of Connor .
tr	6	Brad : Your number 4 track , " Pet Rattlesnake , " is , well , a country song .
tr	10	She had met her grandparents lots of times but she didn 't even realize that she had a great-grandfather .
tr	6	Finan barely noticed Eda 's outburst .
tr	11	She had known the answer before she 'd asked , but hearing him say it was a thousand times worse .
tr	5	" No , no , no , I can 't just leave .
tr	9	" I guess you could say that . "
tr	10	Following a trail this way could go on for hours and sometimes days .
tr	7	The apparent rebel leader , a bearded man of indeterminate age , screamed and dashed toward the bomb .
tr	6	Mike placed his whiskey glass on the table .
tr	9	The clouds hover close , ready to eclipse , but in this moment the sun is free of their reach .
tr	7	Next to the canal they found a sign saying " Forbidden Zone " .
tr	9	That made me like her even more .
tr	10	They say everyone has a book in them .
tr	10	Andy struggled to his feet , his tied hands made it difficult to do so .
tr	5	Not near , but not far enough away , either .
tr	9	" I think that can be arranged . "
tr	10	" You didn 't stick around long enough to hear the results ? "
tr	11	There 's Roger 's body in the hall that says differently . "
tr	10	Anderson couldn 't risk sending patrols across the border and spark an actual conflict if Sampson 's intention was only intimidation .
tr	10	Chase began to spoke in a fretful tone , " Speak . "
tr	10	He looked at Hunt who just shrugged his shoulders .
tr	8	' Don 't really want one right now , ' he said not shifting his attention from the TV .
tr	9	" Well , let me ask you , how did you learn to be an actress ? "
tr	9	Do you have any ideas ? "
tr	8	' The immortal who can kill other immortals . '
tr	11	She had things she needed to say .
tr	6	Children , The : The seven living children of the Immortal Empress .
tr	7	At the rear of the falling body , more Hunters raised their guns at me .
tr	10	I 'm not authorized to access that stuff , " said Mac .
tr	7	The evidence of it isn 't in a grotesque appearance , it 's in his immaculately manicure nails .
tr	8	When did -- ... Ugh .
tr	11	" Three hostages sitting in front of you ! "
tr	11	I was going to play Minesweeper on my lunch hour ! "
tr	10	I would not like to lose you now , especially to that drop off to your left . "
tr	10	Nicola intentionally started collecting clippings that were further away from Silvio .
tr	7	I heard the unzipping of a backpack .
tr	8	Connor was always intrigued by faith , but he never really gave it much thought .
tr	10	That was what it seemed to be .
tr	6	" This Lilly , " she said , " our Lilly . "
tr	7	" My children , we welcome you here and with great joy we will help and support you . "
tr	5	" You see , this wasn 't a real pass or fail test .
tr	9	Quickly , quickly , she said to herself as she pulled on a dress .
tr	9	I observed that she almost burst into tears .
tr	8	He couldn 't think of a thing , but wondered how his hair looked .
tr	8	I sipped the sparkling cider , letting the tart liquid coat my throat .
tr	10	But what was to be expected ?
tr	10	He returned his gaze , hate smouldering in the depths .
tr	6	His unruly brown hair refused fit into the right place .
tr	9	" It does not seem to be large enough . "
tr	9	There was movement at the corner of my eyes .
tr	5	She just shrugged her shoulders .
tr	9	" True , but in resort beach clubs , you 'll never hear what music you want . "
tr	6	Slow starvation on the islands set in and the occupying forces slowly succumbed .
tr	11	" Do -- not -- mention -- that -- name -- ever -- again ! "
tr	6	" How did you end up here ? "
tr	11	But how to do so without giving Bax a start ?
tr	8	he asked , reaching his finger into the muffin batter .
tr	10	If the immortal war was to start again , thousands of humans would be caught in the crossfire . '
tr	11	I knew what was about to happen .
tr	9	He just never thought that one day he would be such a kid .
tr	7	I reached up , wrapped my fingers around her ponytail , and yanked her off .
tr	10	Like the conservatory , the swimming pool was equipped with recliners and tables laden with drinks .
tr	10	We don 't want to set off this powder keg before we have to . "
tr	9	Each day was filled with vaguely familiar but brand new experiences .
tr	7	" Who are you and what business do you have here ? "
tr	9	You 've got to understand that . "
tr	8	She had tried being nice .
tr	11	Darkness came , and the wolves continued to dig at the roots and circle him .
tr	9	Even his superior tactics and techniques are suddenly being overwhelmed by the hero 's unrelenting determination .
tr	6	" This wise old spirit , your great , great , grandmother , Madelyn , volunteered for the job . "
tr	7	I clenched my fingers distractedly , feeling strangely numb .
tr	10	" I had a weird dream the other night and I can 't seem to shake it . "
tr	6	As he did , Dr. Warner examined the cleaned areas .
tr	8	Two inches to the left and it would have taken off Amanda 's head .
tr	6	The hand went limp , as if exasperated , and then gave me an exaggerated thumbs-up signal .
tr	11	You are ordered to cooperate when the time comes .
tr	9	Bethany was right , he had at least helped make David this way .
tr	6	" That 's not good news , " he said , and then shrugged .
tr	10	His smile widened and Claire felt a tug behind her ribs at the warmth it contained .
tr	10	He was immediately met by a nurse with a wheelchair : to which he cordially declined .
tr	5	So how 's the business George ?
tr	7	Victoria was shaking her head , " He 's certainly multi-faceted .
tr	8	He indicated an empty seat at the end of the table .
tr	7	I didn 't look back , but flew across the grass toward the main road .
tr	6	A weird scent , dusty , pungent , and bitter , not something I 've ever come across before . "
tr	10	He told it to leave him alone ; he could have a pet eagle if he wanted to .
tr	8	Not much appeared to have changed .
tr	7	He mustered his most sarcastic singsong voice and called out " Morning Mr. Hoover ! "
tr	8	The large man put the tray on a box and knelt by a heap of blankets .
tr	11	He wasn 't going to get out and become even more lost .
tr	7	" We 're going after the bastards . "
tr	11	" And I 'm pretty sure some things exploded when we landed .
tr	9	He felt like a drug addict preparing his fix , but who cared ?
tr	7	' Linda , it 's Saturday , you should be elsewhere enjoying yourself . '
tr	9	" Welcome to planet Earth , Lilly , " Lilly Ann spoke the first words her daughter would hear .
tr	8	Mohammed was back in the hall again when Alfred 's elevator arrived .
tr	9	He watched as they poured through the gate .
tr	10	Ted wasn 't sure that it was even a nightmare at all .
tr	10	We reckon you should stick to three specific colours . '
tr	5	From their very centre , a deep , low voice boomed out .
tr	8	Minutes later he released her and said softly , " You make me a happy man . "
tr	11	He jerked away in reflex and cried out in fear , only to feel the mind-numbing pain of his own injury .
tr	10	You could change a lot more than you intended and not necessarily for the better .
tr	6	I mean , you 're not completely invincible ... You and me , I mean ... there is a way .
tr	9	Eda could do naught but obey him and gaze with longing at the camp .
tr	6	" Welcome to my home . "
tr	7	Stalin set her backpack down on a flat rock by the stream , and then motioned to Gabriel .
tr	6	His donkey was there , and after a little while , the donkey and our horses became friends .
tr	5	" By the way , you did really good !
tr	9	I never thought it could be real .
tr	8	" Well , you can read a book at the same time , " she said with a grin .
tr	6	Her flesh was creamy , her hair was golden , her lips , her shoulders ... perfection .
tr	6	Jason turns , the HUD in his eyes zero in on a target .
tr	8	Looking upon it , Maya can clearly make out different styles and colors of scale about its large body and chest .
tr	11	He had been the one to search Mike Vetter 's body and vehicle after the shooting .
tr	6	Any similarities to actual persons or time travel events are purely coincidental .
tr	10	The sky took light colors , and at the horizon , a pink line could be seen , announcing the dawn .
tr	7	She was now wearing a suit just like Jimmy 's .
tr	8	When she looked up at him with that questioning blue gaze he smiled .
tr	10	They cared for each other but the seeds of settling had not yet germinated in either of them .
tr	7	In reality , I agreed with Zeal , but I couldn 't tell her that .
tr	10	A cry of pain escaped his lips when a bullet whizzed past me and struck his hand .
tr	10	I didn 't take my eyes off Jolie , while keeping the pastries balanced .
tr	10	And if you strike me down , you will only have yourselves to blame for your doom . "
tr	11	Did you think we were ? "
tr	8	I 'm going to die .
tr	6	And in your case - " Selene said , " Surely , I don 't rouse your envy and hatred ? "
tr	10	" Do you know where we are ? "
tr	11	" Y ' look a bit like that Callum bastard , if I squint just right . "
tr	6	" And what dignity did they give King Martin ? "
tr	6	" Signor Beppe , you were the spy 's master ! "
tr	11	Butch began walking back towards the rear of the convoy and Green fell in beside him .
tr	6	" I was visiting next door .
tr	8	With a wink towards Alexandra and a shove towards me , he separated us .
tr	9	Startled , the dark figure looked at him , pushed her hard against the railing and ran away .
tr	7	I heard an interesting question this morning on the way to class , " he nodded at Christy .
tr	8	I looked to where he indicated .
tr	9	Panels and commissions sprang up everywhere searching for solutions and assigning blame .
tr	8	Where we intend to cruise , I see no way to obtain parts .
tr	10	The interloper moved a step closer , stopped , and stood watching the Prince 's back , unmoving .
tr	5	With a sigh , she opened her warm mouth .
tr	7	With a peck on his cheek , she slipped his phone back into his pocket and slid into her car .
tr	8	He eased his finger down onto the trigger slowly .
tr	10	Claire didn 't mean to sound so accusatory , but cold and fatigue sharpened her voice .
tr	10	Amy should have guessed not to expect turquoise tranquillity .
tr	6	Like he did in the garden , in the bad dreams ?
tr	7	This is not the random chatter of birds .
tr	9	" I understand , " although I didn 't at all .
tr	8	The young man quickly rapped on one of them .
tr	10	the place reminded him of a cheap Italian western set , at least the beer was cold .
tr	6	His dark blue eyes were wider now , warmer , and a smile adorned his face .
tr	9	Connor 's heart leapt as he felt Maria 's warm lips on his skin .
tr	6	Her mouth was open , her eyes glazed and bright , her breasts swollen , cupped in his big hands .
tr	7	Just like that brain dead bag of bolts .
tr	11	With what appeared to be minimal effort , he twisted and the handle broke free with a metallic clang .
tr	5	With a wooden handle , though , not that ivory junk .
tr	8	The kick sent the dogs flying back and the door slammed shut and latched .
tr	7	" Yeah , what you looked like .
tr	10	Maya and the monster are grappling for control inside my head , but there is no monster .
tr	8	He sat between his two dogs , absentmindedly petting them both at the same time .
tr	6	" Terrorists , a bomb , two dead men and one returned from the dead . "
tr	8	" You are not weak because you needed help .
tr	10	Sometimes though , she allows her affections to get the best of her common sense .
tr	6	Celine smiled , the expression a lazy promise , and let Max take and kiss her hand .
tr	8	" Not yet Jennie , she seems to have disappeared . "
tr	11	I 'm not sure I 'm ready for this .
tr	9	Pain flecked his expression from the set of his jaw to the way his eyelids fluttered shut every few seconds .
tr	9	She tried to open the door but I had locked it .
tr	9	You 'll probably have to switch out the battery . "
tr	7	" Time to roll the dice , " she decided firmly and sent a pulse back from the passive node .
tr	5	" Six page boys , a vampire and the Guardian of the Medallion .
tr	10	I think I 'm booked for the next year already .
tr	9	He and many of his initial team had already worked for just over a decade on drawing up the plans .
tr	11	Andy didn 't reply ; he was engrossed in what he was reading .
tr	11	I snuck down to the water , and I could see the pipe sticking out through the castle 's foundations .
tr	7	" That 's because you stink , too ! "
tr	9	" Shall we get back to this ? "
tr	6	" Oh no , no , you 're not in trouble .
tr	11	Someone did know I was here .
tr	7	" I could command you , but it would not be right .
tr	11	He reached to touch the body floating in the air .
tr	10	We 'll still do things together except I won 't live here ... .
tr	8	The clamps closed around the small hull , locking it firmly in place .
tr	6	The Dean , with great reluctance , shrugged off his leather robe and handed it over .
tr	8	This bug was mean and probably not worth the fight .
tr	5	He married a Quechua lady .
tr	5	" Yes my lady , I am so sorry .
tr	7	Sidney had taken them in and raised them .
tr	6	I said , " OK , Linda can Ned collect blood ? "
tr	7	Nathan pulled out his entire wallet and handed it to the man .
tr	11	She had to keep it safe for him .
tr	11	He felt annoyed , more at himself for being frightened than at her .
tr	9	" Jodie said it 's from some alien space ship ! "
tr	7	Finally the world stopped spinning , and I lay on the floor .
tr	7	Christy stepped forward , " I 'm Christy .
tr	5	" That , my friend , is the mil ion dol ar question . "
tr	8	Simpson , hearing the man , turned in surprise but he was too late .
tr	10	Hopefully we 'll bring something to light in the next week or so . "
tr	5	In the dimness ahead , an aircraft 's blinking landing lights approached .
tr	7	Dave walked over to the window and looked down at the beach .
tr	10	Is it going to hold ? "
tr	9	" You know , I have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . "
tr	9	Who knew there even were such things ?
tr	6	" Hi , " he smiled , " I need a charter . "
tr	11	" Does that mean she 's okay ? "
tr	6	So , she tried the same trick over , and married , and was widowed a third time . '
tr	8	The butler eventually had to stop and take a breath .
tr	9	This attempt at reassurance did little to alleviate my anxiety .
tr	7	But , as a matter of fact , I do need one more thing .
tr	10	" I translate the language both here and in the other time-space , Rick , " she answered .
tr	11	he screamed , which only caused her to laugh harder .
tr	11	A man fell down once after Uncle Conway finished speaking with him .
tr	6	In his long black coat , he looked very tall , very strong , and even more intimidating than Morley .
tr	8	Sarah knew she sounded weak and whiny .
tr	10	In fact , he 'd never met one he hadn 't liked .
tr	10	" Very well ... " he said at last when she still wouldn 't look at him .
tr	11	And he did know how to play .
tr	7	Not that there was anything special about it .
tr	9	The laughter was directed at Mr. Fleece Hat instead of me now .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	8	" You know you 're right Harry .
tr	10	Consider this part of your training in role playing and how to question a subject . "
tr	10	There 's no way they could find us .
tr	6	" You know ... is not a bad idea . "
tr	6	But where would someone hide now ?
tr	8	If it hadn 't been so terribly important , Elaina would have thrown up her hands and given up .
tr	8	Aria glances over at her weapons officer , " what do you think ? "
tr	9	I honestly think he could understand me .
tr	7	And Otto I 'd met once or twice at court functions .
tr	9	The chief 's house was built onto the side of the council house .
tr	8	I tried to sound hopeful .
tr	8	" What should I do with it , Mrs. Siddons ? "
tr	9	The look of horror on the big man 's face was all the confirmation the Prince needed .
tr	10	Our leader will want to talk to you .
tr	5	" Really , I mean it . "
tr	8	' With the skills you 're learning on guitar ... ' He heard words but couldn 't process them .
tr	8	" Oh , I see where this is going . "
tr	8	" By the time they realize their mistake , we should be well clear of them . "
tr	9	A few of their bullets grazed the ropes holding him over the water and the rope slowly started to unravel .
tr	8	Her eyes moved down to the names listed below .
tr	8	The pass would have led to certain death .
tr	9	The one thing he knows for certain is that Mai is there for him .
tr	7	A pity , I always liked the buzz from your cigars and no one makes medicine like you lot .
tr	9	Even through his military training and years of discipline , he couldn 't hide the fear in his eyes .
tr	7	He felt a sudden and unaccountable pride in her .
tr	10	Part of the problem , Billy had come to understand , was that his parents were very , very educated .
tr	6	" I do value my honor , " he said .
tr	7	" No , " he stoically interjects , raising a palm .
tr	6	At last , Logan let out a shout and pointed .
tr	8	" Hurry , " I said , tightening my finger on the trigger .
tr	9	It 's what I enjoy doing .
tr	10	Instantly his mind was drawn to his class on fractals , the natural method of continuity and growth .
tr	6	" Cuts from broken glass ? "
tr	6	" We brought you here , " Barnes said , " because of your association with the ULF project . "
tr	8	I hear you sons of whores hide jewels in those pretty dresses . "
tr	8	" Maybe you can dance for us after you lose ! "
tr	11	You were going to be sacrificed by the Priest tomorrow .
tr	6	George , in slightly disgusted , cold expression met my neutral face , " Yes sir . "
tr	11	We have our backup shuttle , Silver Bullet II which can still win the race .
tr	5	" Yes , exactly , the strongest and healthiest survive .
tr	11	I stood with my front head on the door , unwilling to go back in the past .
tr	9	She opened her mouth to apologise but the girl was still talking .
tr	6	I am beautiful again , " he whispers to himself happily .
tr	8	she whispered in his coat and he pushed her slightly away , searching her eyes .
tr	7	My power not thine holds true in this place .
tr	7	The forest was a misty twilight place of black shadows and dim vistas .
tr	6	And according to the brochure , the first day of the exhibit is on that Tuesday . "
tr	8	CHAPTER ONE The bad thing happened on the second day of their vacation .
tr	6	He cut the water and climbed out , dried off , shaved , brushed his teeth , and then got dressed .
tr	6	A very tall man , with thin limbs .
tr	8	Honestly , I thought this was a simple work assignment .
tr	5	You never call , is your Skype broken ? "
tr	8	The girl who never picked a fight , and who almost always followed directions .
tr	5	His laughter , his smile , and his happiness was just so contagious .
tr	10	" Let me see if he 's available .
tr	7	The priest drew a pistol and began shooting .
tr	9	Just bitching about it isn 't gon na do jack . "
tr	11	They were grinding now , struggling to even move .
tr	5	" Because I am so unhappy . "
tr	6	As you see , the power always lies in the question .
tr	6	" Marcello , " a third voice , also accented , said the name as a warning .
tr	9	Diego made himself keep climbing .
tr	7	" Done and done , " Randall said , " Your mooks will meet you out front . "
tr	9	He possessed a flowing grace We stood , and I grabbed the newcomer 's hand .
tr	5	All around , the sun still shone ... blue sky , summer heat .
tr	8	So did the three men the lieutenant had shot .
tr	9	His neck and head lengthened , while wings grew from his back .
tr	9	Mercedes was too scared to even whisper about them in public .
tr	11	He couldn 't wait to see the eyes of his travel companions when he would dish up this royal feast .
tr	8	" I 'll let you know the outcome . "
tr	6	" I don 't talk , " I typed into my computer .
tr	5	But , large or small , she was still the same , cuddly , loving animal .
tr	8	Only two regulars weathered the storm inside the Captain 's Cove , the bar closest to the point .
tr	6	" Why would she return it ? "
tr	8	I talk to grandma all the time .
tr	11	The Somerset later sank in a storm , its crew taken captive and exchanged for American prisoners .
tr	7	The security expert soon had the power , light and alarm switched off .
tr	7	The dewy grass soaked my sneakers , and I shivered at the bite in the air .
tr	11	" You 're lucky you 're not carrying anything , or it 'd be off with your head . "
tr	6	" Calm down , Lieutenant , " Jason says with a smile .
tr	11	One shot connected on the center mast , which exploded in splinters before collapsing .
tr	11	Eda 's voice called from where she stood next to the smouldering fire .
tr	11	Julie looked up to see Pete smirking down at her .
tr	8	Rough brambles encircled the space , and vines had snaked their way across everything .
tr	9	They had too few troops to place them everywhere an enemy might attack .
tr	7	But which of his siblings would make such a drastic move ?
tr	10	" And you 're sure nobody will detect it ? "
tr	9	She 's involved in some sort of martial arts thing .
tr	6	" She 's not that bad , " Anna offered .
tr	7	I didn 't need a sugar crash later in the day .
tr	7	He turned out the lights and I pulled the covers over our heads .
tr	7	With these gentle thoughts I drifted into unconsciousness , not daring to dream .
tr	11	It 's then when I think they noticed me .
tr	10	" Because what we 're looking for won 't be written down in any books . "
tr	8	Finally , he turned to face Masque .
tr	11	None of them expected to get out of the building any time soon .
tr	8	A heartbeat later , his blade glided down the edge of mine and arched towards my chest .
tr	6	The light was nearly dusk but still Sarah lingered .
tr	7	Cooking it up is passed down from generation to generation .
tr	8	As soon as the door slid open , I moved past him and entered the sterile room .
tr	6	Maybe we used one too many blasters . "
tr	10	I have never seen a part of the Dream Valley such as this . "
tr	10	Although I am currently unable to pinpoint their precise location . "
tr	6	" Why your arrival and the information you passed on to him . "
tr	8	" Then , once France is under their thumb , they 'll use the French against someone else . "
tr	10	" That is not the reason I have called you here today . "
tr	11	Roshan knew what he was getting himself into from the start .
tr	8	Nathan sighed , " I thought about that too .
tr	9	The detective said Coleen talked to you .
tr	8	" Can you not see his place is empty ? "
tr	6	" Good , lad , " said he , " now can you stand ? "
tr	10	I don 't look forward to another encounter with him , " Lisa notes shaking slightly .
tr	11	Her words affected him more than he would have liked .
tr	7	The professional soldiers , with their tall , broad shields , helmets , and chainmail shirts whould advance first .
tr	7	Catching her with his free arm , Lord Quinn gently laid her on the stone floor .
tr	7	Once in the bar Katherine and Barbara sipped whiskey whilst Calvin slumped at a table slurping Coke .
tr	5	" It 's hideous . "
tr	7	I leaned into Drake and whispered , " You know him ? "
tr	11	" No , the truck driver 's company was charged with criminal negligence for the death of your parents .
tr	6	" There you go , boy .
tr	7	He was right about the pain .
tr	8	Religion had been a strong part of our upbringing .
tr	7	He slowed at the entrance to the facility and retrieved his badge from his breast pocket .
tr	6	" You smell a whole lot better now , " Ted said .
tr	7	And in an instant the lads and the Angel were standing in his study .
tr	6	As I said , it 's more fluid , somewhere halfway in between . '
tr	9	" Cut it out , " he chuckles , shoving her to the side playfully and stepping up to the challenge .
tr	7	Now a few words to introduce Monster Maya : She prefers raw alley cats to peanut butter and jelly sandwiches .
tr	8	" Seems like it only affects the water though .
tr	8	The devices attached to Simon 's hand worked immediately .
tr	8	" Oh my God , oh my God , oh my God ... " " Johnny ? "
tr	9	Roberto was like a proud peacock showing its colourful feathers in a swelled chest .
tr	6	Almost on cue , the great iron doors of the city opened a crack .
tr	11	I caught it effortlessly without moving from where I stood .
tr	10	" May I ask what is going on here ?
tr	6	The loud hum reached a new crescendo , then suddenly the world went silent .
tr	7	I said stiffly , staring at her ashen face .
tr	6	From the battle ahead , a scream of utter horror split the blackness like an axe through a window .
tr	7	The man sat back , nodding , but he didn 't look convinced .
tr	10	Andy asked looking at the lumpy grey sludge in the bowl .
tr	9	All he could do now was to wait .
tr	7	With the moon in shadow , the comet would be spectacular .
tr	8	Harold put his hands behind his head and closed his eyes with a smile , " A nice hot tub . "
tr	11	' How come it 's OK for you to eat ? '
tr	7	" Why the sudden interest in cooking ? "
tr	7	" What happened to you ?
tr	9	I could see wheels turning behind her eyes .
tr	7	It flew near the old war truck and landed on the olive drab windshield frame .
tr	11	Rand was following with Eda , but had shown enough understanding to take a different route to their shared destination .
tr	9	Kurt slid the memory card into a slot on the right side and waited for it to be recognized .
tr	11	Humans ' Corporation Monsanto is now trying to patent the seeds of all vegetables .
tr	10	He doubted all he thought was truth .
tr	11	" Nice collection of weapons you have there . "
tr	6	In a split second , I found myself with my arms wound around her tiny frame .
tr	6	The amenities were limited , but at least it was cheap and passable .
tr	9	I sat in the cockpit almost in a daze and went over everything they had said for clues .
tr	8	" And thank God for the trees , or the moonlight would have given me away . "
tr	9	Scott turned his head and looked the other way to hide a smile .
tr	5	" But our car won 't start . "
tr	7	I shouted , racing up the final steps .
tr	11	She had to do what was right .
tr	5	She , on the other hand , was not quite as amused .
tr	11	There were things he needed to know .
tr	6	Across the great hall , Fletcher was mirroring his own movements .
tr	11	You do what you think is right .
tr	10	she asked as he punched the End button a little too hard and slammed a fist into the bedpost .
tr	7	" Don 't give me that , " Abby said indignantly .
tr	9	" I need her alive for the time being , " Jason states .
tr	10	Like that 's going to happen !
tr	9	His favourite bookshop in Florence had just received a new batch of recently published books .
tr	7	" Hey , how you doing ? "
tr	9	What 's to be done ? "
tr	10	Noah deserved to be listened to .
tr	11	' You asked me if I was sure about you taking the wheel .
tr	11	I 'm no lawyer ; my job entailed serving drinks , making appointments and running errands .
tr	10	" I 'll keep an open mind , " would have been a clever thing to say .
tr	5	Step lightly , now . "
tr	11	I breathed a sigh of relief now that the immediate threat of death by pecking had disappeared .
tr	6	As he spoke , he pulled the rope back up through the window .
tr	8	" Right , let 's get some coffee into you and your friends to sober you up .
tr	8	It swung open just as I reached it .
tr	7	His hazel eyes were watching her , expression unreadable .
tr	10	Jin thought as he began to blush .
tr	7	Then take the other half and leave it for my dad , for Spy Games . "
tr	5	" It is , " says the king , his voice gruff .
tr	10	This underclass was clear to see in housing estates all around the country .
tr	7	He was smiling at them .
tr	10	' Actually , did you use the bathroom in the early hours ? '
tr	11	" Thank you doctor , that will be all . "
tr	10	" We are bound by word given to you till we reach the southern end of the valley .
tr	10	Finally able to focus , she spots Link in his battle stance , an intense grimace stamped upon his face .
tr	7	The boys got the kayak down to the riverbank and slipped it into the water .
tr	11	He waited for his first mate to lower the binoculars before going on .
tr	8	Before he could say anything she strode past him , taking the stairs two at a time .
tr	11	Like Cuba , they desperately needed energy and were back to doing everything by manpower alone .
tr	11	And like every other day he climbed into his chair before the young Squirrels arrived to avoid embarrassment .
tr	10	Chapter 5 -- Good Laugh " I wouldn 't use him as a cart horse ! "
tr	9	I could have told him that and saved all the trouble .
tr	5	" For example , your little Valentine 's Day stunt was terrific . "
tr	5	And as a warrior monk , I have a considerable appetite .
tr	9	You 've got to be kidding .
tr	8	She was not at all sure about that but she didn 't have any choice .
tr	7	The swimmer might run out of breath .
tr	9	He strolled to a bare granite desk located beside the elevator .
tr	10	I guess I 'm going to jail . "
tr	10	It is obvious that this guy is frantically looking for something .
tr	8	Link angrily retorts , calming slightly before continuing .
tr	8	I ask to break the silence .
tr	8	Though the wind was currently silent , it had been blowing from the west .
tr	9	" We saw you go into the bank .
tr	10	Kaylie took her food to the table as Jessica ordered , then Christy .
tr	9	" We can shove it back out now , sink it , maybe . "
tr	8	She looked through a couple more drawers but still couldn 't see it .
tr	8	As it sunk in , the white metal seemed to pulse , and the Daemon appeared to swell .
tr	10	David replied , trying to contain his confidence .
tr	7	Clancy opened the cupboard and took out a leather-wrapped package and climbed back down .
tr	9	" Damn , " Steve muttered as he swung the truck further up the hill .
tr	11	It will begin to vibrate at a resonant frequency , making a signal . "
tr	6	So when she said , " The sun , " I was instantly in agreement with her .
tr	7	He held out a copy of a printed email .
tr	8	He grabbed a large blanket off the couch in the living room .
tr	7	" And from there , our man could open the gate and let all the others inside .
tr	6	A serving tray could possibly save my life .
tr	9	It takes getting used to . "
tr	11	She stared at the sea and allowed herself to get lost in her own thoughts .
tr	7	Lacroix turned and studied him from head to toe .
tr	7	Lilly Ann turned the key and stepped slightly on the gas pedal .
tr	8	She doesn 't have any friends , but she does have two brand new brothers .
tr	9	" Why hasn 't she tried to find me ?
tr	7	Toby entered William 's study , slamming the door loudly .
tr	11	He had something he needed Linc to do .
tr	10	" Link , " Navi attempts to interject before the fighting resumes .
tr	9	Was scrounging in the countryside very productive ? "
tr	11	She told him what she 'd seen , asking , " Could it be vestiges of Catholicism ?
tr	7	I left my school , and I jeopardized my scholarship , " Neil said in quiet desperation .
tr	10	Jess and Ambassador Zhu welcomed the man and he sat , taking a sip of the proffered tea .
tr	8	Anderson turned and saw Myers looking at him expectantly .
tr	8	The monarch played with his hands for a moment before speaking .
tr	10	" That 's the problem with having a trophy girlfriend , " said William .
tr	6	The actual entrance to the JP almost caught them by surprise .
tr	8	" I know it hurts ... " A pause .
tr	9	They don 't think I am dead .
tr	7	' Checking for a hidden door , ' I murmured .
tr	11	I knew what train Sandra had taken .
tr	8	She had become Guru Muda the equivalent of a black belt .
tr	9	If they didn 't hurry , he wasn 't going to make it .
tr	9	Observing through squinting eyes , the two halves , that were revealing this monumental opening , slowed before clunking into place .
tr	9	Beverly looks to Jason and gives him a hand signal to follow .
tr	6	He nodded toward the fleeing prom couples .
tr	7	No answer except the empty silence of a lost connection .
tr	7	The old bastard is already made of money .
tr	8	Avarice and greed crept through the financial system until they became the norm .
tr	11	The first two designations had gone to the two ships that they had passed on their way into orbit .
tr	5	" You know , Mrs. Turner , I just received these cool paintbrushes .
tr	8	But Sami knew why he was really here .
tr	10	I 'm gon na swim through to our time machine ! "
tr	9	Stella might be a heap of junk but she gives untold freedom .
tr	7	Is that an actual basket made by Roman hands ?
tr	8	It upended the can and slurped down the rest of its contents .
tr	10	The zipper stuck every couple of inches , but I managed to force it open .
tr	10	I 'd have told you the same thing six weeks ago .
tr	7	" You 're the best at both . "
tr	8	" He threw me in a dungeon , " he said by way of explanation .
tr	9	" I 'm telling you to , it 's not invading if you 're invited . "
tr	10	" It would be just like you to kill an unarmed man . "
tr	9	Her eyes ceased seeing , her moist eyelids fluttered a last time and her jaws froze in a smile .
tr	7	" Every atom in the creation works for him , " the children and the boy outside continued in chorus .
tr	11	I cried , not caring about the people and what they might say .
tr	5	But this was not a human form .
tr	9	" It 's certainly made my life a lot easier , " Ted replied .
tr	11	The girls rested while Rick crept forward to look around .
tr	8	It wasn 't creating , after all , just a lot of casting .
tr	11	Do you know where it is ? "
tr	8	They stood before me laughing , relishing their anticipated win .
tr	6	" Yeah , YOU 'RE the little girls here , you morons .
tr	8	The thud was loud enough for Missy and Kevin to hear outside .
tr	7	" No sir not at all , this is getting interesting . "
tr	7	" Luckily for me , you 're just as stupid as his grandfather . "
tr	10	I could see nothing of significance ; only lifeless brown dirt .
tr	10	Connor vocalized not thinking anyone else was awake .
tr	11	It is getting harder and harder to walk . "
tr	5	Then more softly , in a dejected whisper , " It 's okay .
tr	10	Finan was slightly taken aback by the seeming change of subject , and paused while searching for a suitable answer .
tr	8	With a hiss and a huge gout of steam , the heated metal began to cool .
tr	8	Once they rounded the corner the Comet display lay in front of them .
tr	11	That 's all we had to do .
tr	6	" Sorry there young fella , no damage done , eh ? "
tr	7	She was extreme about her exercise regime . "
tr	9	" Their letter said to expect them any time after eight this evening . "
tr	9	I could tell he really liked her .
tr	6	" Now , see here , " he continued .
tr	6	The throng of adoring fans all laughed too .
tr	9	They unrolled large bundles and passed around drab cloaks to all the other members of the group .
tr	8	I 've lost count of the repair bills for this vehicle . "
tr	7	Looking over at Cobb , he smiled .
tr	7	Through it Dismal Dacre forced his way , knife back in its sheath , and revolvers in both hands .
tr	9	' I called her when we were at your place . '
tr	8	Princes of the Realm had conflicting spheres of power in the land of Lucia .
tr	5	" What other boys ? "
tr	8	The tall brick buildings were built for tourists and quick money .
tr	11	You will be wired so that there will be emergency communication .
tr	7	Mana put her hands on the girl 's shoulders .
tr	10	Do you have someone available ? "
tr	8	At this point , Jolie with his Santa belly wouldn 't be the one chasing me .
tr	8	What was the bear doing sleeping here ?
tr	7	It would not happen to him .
tr	8	" I know a path and will lead you along it .
tr	11	It is rumored that he personally oversaw the looting and murders , " she shivered again .
tr	8	" Good morning , your Majesty , " Byron called , walking into the courtyard .
tr	7	Lucas picked up the coins and put them in his pocket .
tr	10	That was something he knew of , only his chains were not of stone , but blood .
tr	7	At the end of the woods , there was another gate .
tr	9	I 'm going to redline her ! "
tr	10	This time , the attackers are making no effort to hide their identity .
tr	8	" Jes say what ye hafta say , laddie .
tr	8	Kendall laughed at the absurdity of it .
tr	9	" See , that 's what I 'm talking about , " she said .
tr	11	" You 'll find out just how real if you stick around much longer , kid . "
tr	6	The familiar weight of responsibility again fell heavily upon him .
tr	7	A lumpy bundle wrapped in a tarp lies in the trunk .
tr	7	I saw it in the office closet a few weeks ago . "
tr	6	Three years in a comfy cell with three meals a day ?
tr	8	" Is that all for a Bachelor 's degree , Maggie ?
tr	9	On the contrary ... " " What you mean about this ?
tr	10	And he should ask you to -- " " What did he say about that ? "
tr	7	Taylor took a closer look of the fabric .
tr	8	He had done his duty , and more than a few good deeds .
tr	8	Nearing the end of the defile , Dane grunted , " I 've got a plan .
tr	8	Chapter 16 Nearly the Whole Plan During January and February the cold Nevada winter reduced flying to a minimum .
tr	7	Before the boy knew it , Ezra planted her lips like a bomb on his cheek .
tr	8	Her bosom was showing too much soft roundness for his taste , and her small waist was even more accentuated .
tr	6	" You know , he never told me , " Mac lied .
tr	6	There , off in the distance , stood San Antonio de Bexar .
tr	7	For this she will pay , " he said , seething and pacing the floor .
tr	8	" We take the night in watches , " explained my friend .
tr	7	Gabe picks the melted cheese off the wrapper and brings it to his mouth .
tr	9	A sigh left my lips when I stepped onto a tiled floor .
tr	9	When everyone had calmed down the Angel began to say goodbye to the scientist .
tr	6	" You don 't know ... You really don 't know ? "
tr	9	The screen at the end of the room flickered on , the image showed Mars .
tr	7	There is no doubt in my mind . "
tr	9	Calvin shrugged before smiling at Katherine .
tr	9	" I do not understand , how did you ... ? "
tr	5	' And who the hell names a dog Peanut ? '
tr	10	Claire waved the box where Sky could see it and the girl perked up .
tr	9	To hell with raising suspicions .
tr	8	That is enough for me , and always will be .
tr	11	I bit my lip to keep from laughing .
tr	10	The desperation of needing to be believed .
tr	8	In fact they 'd never shared a kiss because of her confusion over him . "
tr	7	" Perhaps they are only there for the day , " Mana answered calmly .
tr	9	" Are you sure we aren 't bait ? "
tr	9	" It 's home , " she turned to look at David .
tr	7	As much as I think he can handle .
tr	10	I recognized the guy he was speaking to .
tr	11	Danny grinned breaking from Amy only occasionally to give the cameras something .
tr	11	He paused and waved his hand as if to erase the past .
tr	8	Hilda turned around to face Brand .
tr	9	She stopped the cart , set the brake , and looked around for any sign of life .
tr	10	The same questions had been going round in my head for the last half hour .
tr	7	It mattered little , he decided ; she had also offered the pathway home .
tr	7	He pulled away and spoke in English again .
tr	8	" Knew him well when I was younger .
tr	9	" You could try drowning them , " the Prince said .
tr	9	Do you want it ? "
tr	10	The sunburn seemed to be increasing in intensity .
tr	7	When at last he held them , he gingerly pulled them out from under the pillow .
tr	10	She sat down and perched her things on her knees carefully protecting them with her arms .
tr	9	He went to the chief and asked for help getting the injured back to camp .
tr	10	" You are not going to believe this , " Ted said .
tr	11	Those questions would be answered when he was ready and not before .
tr	8	The only thing I want is Ryan alive and Grand dead but only after lots of suffering .
tr	10	" You need to get him out of there , " he warned .
tr	9	He was allocated a lovely little flat in Ironside Gardens but the Roller was the problem .
tr	11	Riordan cracked his knuckles again , waiting for his boss to leave .
tr	7	Months of stress , fear , and pain burst out of him .
tr	10	After leaving the garden , he had returned to work for the afternoon .
tr	9	Can you repair it while I attend to the spleen ? "
tr	5	" No , not if the Bride or mate or whatever was objectionable .
tr	9	The sisters took a place - each equipped with a keyboard and buttons .
tr	7	In spite of himself , bits of English slipped all at once from his lips .
tr	7	" You have just been told , Adele . "
tr	8	The bodyguard rushed off to the bar and brought back the most wonderful wine and sweets .
tr	11	I have no idea what road but I 'll leave that to you . '
tr	10	Or so he tried to tell himself .
tr	6	The snow stopped and the sun came back out .
tr	6	Pierre caught it just in time .
tr	7	Which leads to ... how did life begin ?
tr	9	Even in spring no garden Cade had ever seen was so perfectly timed to burst into flower all at once .
tr	10	They strode right down the middle of the streets , masters of their domain .
tr	7	Over lunch David and George swapped stories concerning their military histories .
tr	6	Behind me , a delicate sniffle rent the air and tore my heart .
tr	10	" Alright , " I say and try to keep my voice steady .
tr	7	Leaving him to his rage , I retreated to the carriage .
tr	5	Right , Katie girl , on three ; one ... two ... three !
tr	10	But , " the man said , pausing before going on .
tr	8	A newly installed answering machine told her nobody was home .
tr	7	" We travel light , " said my friend and turned , wandering back down the passage .
tr	6	Jason 's eyes snap open revealing crystal irises with a subtle blue glow .
tr	5	Not exactly a Roman holiday , but not the Arctic either .
tr	8	This darkness was somehow different from the gloom outside .
tr	8	Black took over the center of everything .
tr	7	Thorny vines sprouted and curled through the garden , and darkness flashed in her eyes .
tr	7	He thrust off the wall toward her .
tr	9	She then recognized the opening lines of the first surah or chapter of the Quran .
tr	10	Only few knew what he really wanted , and that was another two years away .
tr	6	" Pardon me , Miss Glory , but the particulars are not for your knowing . "
tr	7	A page with brown hair and a liberal dusting of freckles appeared from inside the tent .
tr	8	Connor remained standing at the bar .
tr	8	There were three soldiers lying with their feet toward him .
tr	11	They were still trying to reach Command for authorization .
tr	8	The sisters and the Elder made their way down from the mountain along a narrow winding path .
tr	8	She and her friends captured me ... My brain felt a little murky , they must have drugged me .
tr	11	" That is all I have to say .
tr	11	I didn 't think you 'd recognise me after all these years . '
tr	9	" Come commander , grandfather and grandson both dead within a phase of each other ?
tr	10	We learn how to cope with it .
tr	11	He emerged with what looked like a blackened and warped tin can .
tr	10	There was always more going on than people would tell you .
tr	10	With people trying to kill me ?
tr	9	This was something between the two of them .
tr	9	Ricky looked down at the smooth stone in his hand and felt curious but unafraid .
tr	6	" Leave Eda alone . "
tr	11	He walked into the barn where two men were stacking boxes against a wall .
tr	5	' Tsao Chun , a Chinese kitchen god , ' she would say .
tr	6	Parking was crazy , black sedans and SUV 's lined the streets on either side for blocks .
tr	8	He opened it and found the Bull and Gate Pub in the index .
tr	9	There was a forced comradeship in every look , every phrase , that worried him .
tr	6	" I 'll move the truck later . "
tr	9	We 'll have to hide her somehow . "
tr	10	I learn on the drive over that this is exactly the point .
tr	7	Jimmy started to howl but , being so young , Timothy was actually serious .
tr	7	Finally , the carriage pulled to a stop before the monastery 's walls .
tr	6	And as a result , every year , fewer and fewer of you actually make the Legion .
tr	9	Scanning the road ahead , he saw a well-lit , but empty BP station at the bottom of the exit .
tr	7	The wheels of the vehicle bounced forward , and without further pomp , we were again on the move .
tr	11	We want to know what lies beyond .
tr	7	Julie tiptoed to her spot in the woods and relieved herself .
tr	11	He quickly crossed the threshold of the door in the wall , which swung closed behind him .
tr	11	Do you know where they are ? "
tr	5	" I am no infant , my lady ! "
tr	9	" You got it , " Taylor said gleefully and rolled into a steep turn towards the mountain ridge .
tr	6	The guy with no face and the blonde in the wheel chair .
tr	6	Anna and I stared at each other for timeless seconds .
tr	10	The setting sun had turned the waters crimson and bathed the austere walls of the chamber with an orange glow .
tr	10	I felt I had to leave .
tr	6	Women and boys ran to and fro , across and between the houses and pathways .
tr	10	He thought it made him sound knowledgeable .
tr	9	Too hot , should have been paying more attention , he thought and sighed again .
tr	9	It was filled with nothing but row after row of Just for Him hair dye .
tr	7	After slowly swinging the large boulder back and forth a few times , they released it against the cliff .
tr	9	Today you had better win , or we are out of here before we get evicted .
tr	10	He hoped that one of these ladies stood out as tolerable , at least .
tr	6	To Cathleen he said , " Dad was in the Navy , too . "
tr	8	" What does your father say to this , Rafe ? "
tr	10	I don 't suppose he 'll ever be alright .
tr	10	" I 'm not thinking of going in a boat .
tr	6	The person wore a light brown uniform with a broad , round hat .
tr	6	Taking a narrow maintenance corridor she emerges inside a great airlock .
tr	11	With his mouth full , Simon said , " Neil hasn 't had anything to eat yet .
tr	7	Then a good mow and putting in seeds .
tr	7	" Locked in the bathroom , " Tori said quickly and went to the desk .
tr	9	As he approached , he carefully noted the way she carried herself .
tr	11	He used to be an anaesthetist at Nottingham 's main City Hospital .
tr	11	He responded in a voice that sounded like an echo .
tr	11	She waited for the sound of the car door , the rev of the engine .
tr	6	The rest of the tunnels housed the City 's electrical and water lines .
tr	10	" Thank you for letting Toby and I stay with you , " said Victoria .
tr	6	This intruder sounded like me .
tr	11	Echo found herself wishing they could try another kiss .
tr	9	I knew I would hear her .
tr	10	" When you tried to run away , when I stopped you .
tr	8	Jack bolted to his feet and began pacing the room .
tr	8	" Okay , Granddad , here 's where you get out .
tr	6	At that moment , Hank saw a movement off to her left .
tr	8	You do not even know where it is .
tr	6	" That 's true , " Jack agreed , " And I 'm the token gay Jewish black dude .
tr	6	His mother chuckled a little and oh my God , I think , yep , the big bad Rhys just blushed !
tr	11	The Prime Minister looked relieved to know who she was .
tr	11	" Did she get to take her cruise ?
tr	8	He started chastising the young braves with much criticism .
tr	7	" I know you are , sweetie .
tr	10	He fought to prevent himself from retching .
tr	6	To the right , Point Mauri 's high bulk glowed red-brown and olive in the last setting sun .
tr	11	" You have a visitor who comes from no place known .
tr	6	The man next to Roman leaned forward on his elbows .
tr	8	Why he had to die ? "
tr	11	He almost looks like a kid when he smiles , thought Reggie .
tr	11	Missy poured her heart out about the school year that had just ended and her mother gave her the appropriate sympathies .
tr	6	I searched his face for any recognition .
tr	7	No doubt she was one of the favorites .
tr	9	The Prince of Ravens felt his teeth clench automatically , but he took a deep breath and another step forward .
tr	11	She longed to sit still and let it all sink in .
tr	9	At first Natalie couldn 't imagine who this traitor might be .
tr	11	" A debt I owe to the man who saved my life , " he said finally .
tr	7	' Whatever happened to the suit ? '
tr	7	" Mr. President , if my theory holds , then no sunspot activity will bring about another Little Ice Age .
tr	8	Ignoring her input , the boy lightly knocks on the door before opening it just slightly .
tr	9	Try to bypass any resistance , you don 't want to get bogged down . "
tr	6	With his great-grandfather dead , the liaison job wouldn 't be a two-person job anymore .
tr	8	" I call that too bad of you , old man .
tr	11	He would have to be delicate approaching that subject as well .
tr	8	Ben looked up at John for assistance but , John did not come to his aid right away .
tr	7	As I slip off , I wrap my arms around it and twist back on .
tr	10	He had been stabbed during a brawl in a local pub " .
tr	10	It is a path we have freely chosen and one we must follow .
tr	9	Been wanting to visit it .
tr	9	It was starting to go dark .
tr	7	Nina put the machine suits , armories and logistics on all three battleships while the submarine followed .
tr	9	His face had a leather-like look from years of exposure to the elements .
tr	9	The only unsavory aspect of their calling was a common belief that they sensed every threat in the air .
tr	8	About that time John came back up the stairs from below with a wide grin and nearly skipped up to them .
tr	10	' Hmm , seems too good to be true , ' Calvin said suspiciously .
tr	6	" For now ... We don 't , " Tori said .
tr	11	That plan was about to be put to the test .
tr	6	Sarah felt the panic rise in her throat .
tr	6	Without album two there 's no tour investment and no point anyway . '
tr	8	First that it was a small ship , everyone present was more than qualified for the position they were assigned .
tr	9	Because the cerebellum is largely unaffected by the disease , much of these skills are retained .
tr	9	It was time to take up their journey again .
tr	5	Through a weak smile , Aaron responded , " That 's the best case scenario . "
tr	11	" He ruled Etheria and the people that were left behind .
tr	11	Handing his bucket to Clem , he stepped out of the wreck and went to have a word with the ranger .
tr	10	Was the key hard to get ? "
tr	9	" You haven 't seen the half of it , " said Tim .
tr	9	His father was an avid enthusiast and he had been weaned on miniature steam engines .
tr	9	Jason 's scowl deepened , angered by his yeoman 's hesitation .
tr	8	Quickly Viv calmed down and looked at Jen her face streaked with tears .
tr	6	" Well bye , " Tori said quickly and ran up the stairs .
tr	9	He squatted down in front of the safe and peered inside .
tr	7	Should I make a run for it ?
tr	11	" You 're gon na let Rick question him ? "
tr	5	Collecting secret information , surveillance , unarmed combat , shooting , blackmail , sabotage , skiing , jungle survival -- bah !
tr	7	written in the president 's hand .
tr	8	While dowsing them in syrup , I said casually , " So , someone stopping by ?
tr	6	Neil probed the circles again and shook his head .
tr	7	He brought various women back to the suite , not always beautiful and young .
tr	11	He shook his head and swallowed a mouthful of coconut rice mixed with seeds and raisins .
tr	8	Warriors rose to shoot arrows .
tr	8	" That big flash that just happened , " Sarah said .
tr	7	For a moment she wavered , then she collapsed onto the rocks .
tr	11	Now to get to the Hall of Records .
tr	9	" I like dealing with venture capitalists and making deals .
tr	11	" Do I got ta take her ? "
tr	7	Instead of climbing down he jumped off and landed with a thud on the ground .
tr	11	' It was my father who issued the order on the Bastian side , ' said Victor curtly .
tr	8	She quickly read it again , to be certain .
tr	10	What the hell am I supposed to do about this ?
tr	10	They did not see him enter the gate of the palisade .
tr	9	" There 's , like , a real shepherd with them and everything , " he said .
tr	6	" You were right Bruce , you were right this whole god dam time . "
tr	7	His lips twitched like a rodent 's nose while he thought .
tr	8	Raising a hand for silence , Ganondorf leans forward in his seat with an understanding grimace .
tr	9	He hit it several times with the pry bar while one of the other men held the light .
tr	11	American cities lay abandoned filled with the remains of their inhabitants .
tr	11	Loot and Fire Cub gave Wolf Eyes all of the particulars about what had happened at the river .
tr	8	The man clamped a hand upon my wrist , buckling it , and I collapsed back into my seat .
tr	6	" It couldn 't be a trap , right ? "
tr	8	The wind brings moist breaths and the smell of damp things .
tr	8	Your scent is there , on the edge of the bed .
tr	8	The hotel , at least in the appearances , was leaving you with mouth opened .
tr	9	She was supposed to be dead .
tr	10	There 's nothing I can do now . "
tr	9	She had studied the map closely and rested up to do this .
tr	5	CHAPTER SIX SPRING 2008 " My God , Maryellen , what is she thinking ?
tr	10	I am just returned from the old hermit 's hovel , a half-day 's walk from here , on the hilltop .
tr	6	Here , over the years , he practiced his witchcraft in the cave .
tr	7	Call me Gabe , and by the way , I 'm a dropout , not a ' Doctor ' " .
tr	9	He doubted very much that being dead was so uncomfortable .
tr	11	We have to get Julie ready for her big day .
tr	11	They loaded him in a canoe and were on their way to the village of the Yellow Leaf .
tr	10	More than once , the other masons and I took a break to sip from it .
tr	7	I wondered if she knew .
tr	6	" ... like , glowy , like ahhhh . "
tr	7	Behind the door on the left was a bathroom .
tr	6	Their numbers had decreased ; however , their fighting spirit was very much still alive .
tr	7	" Does this mean we win ? "
tr	10	I think I need some space to think .
tr	10	I may have a fire to put out here first . "
tr	9	You take care of your Mummy , okay , and do what Nana tells you .
tr	10	Magic Mountain had been used as the site for major celebrations and festivals for as long as people could remember .
tr	11	It has been what , two years since last we met ? "
tr	8	" You wish to see Lord Rafe ? "
tr	6	Every now and again someone was killed .
tr	7	" That 's good , sweetie , " she said .
tr	9	That niece of mine might be a little late getting her name , if this keeps on .
tr	9	She wondered how Darren was getting on .
tr	7	Following their spree they sat down at their favorite fast-food restaurant and had a frosty .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , we promised future privileges to his men .
tr	11	They both laughed feigning a sparring match in the middle of the road .
tr	11	We do have that assignment to do , remember ? "
tr	9	" He 's going to do an Internet television show instead . "
tr	9	Even at this height , we 're in danger if we stay on this side .
tr	5	' No , just introducing some female presence . '
tr	8	And so long as he 's here , I never will .
tr	9	He asked again , frowning between his little sister and her husband .
tr	11	But it wasn 't like he had learned it in a pleasantly illustrated book .
tr	9	The sun has set beyond his home in the west , bringing a welcome shadow to the mountain .
tr	9	No wonder the others have buggered off .
tr	9	Flipping the lid back reveals what he 'd expected , a small silver key .
tr	7	The second forced stop was just before St. Louis , Missouri .
tr	5	In the end , the only reasonable answer was the simplest .
tr	7	After a few more tries she closed the lid of the chest on the thing .
tr	8	He hoped it was the right thing this time .
tr	8	My world hadn 't always been a structured , pretty place , at least not until ' The Change ' .
tr	11	- It is hard to explain what I am .
tr	7	" As to Mercedes , Joseph knew no more than we did .
tr	9	I prayed that I would not have seasick .
tr	7	Our rather ingenious programmer has , in essence , switched stages one and three . "
tr	8	I passed out , and then was picked up , by the killers . "
tr	6	" I am not a charity case , and I am not a Shadowhunter any longer .
tr	11	These times are great opportunities for everybody to get there , including us .
tr	6	" What is it , Adele ? "
tr	10	I wondered what did live here .
tr	9	I think each toe was as big as her hand .
tr	9	" We also went over the procedure for tomorrow 's coronation ceremony .
tr	11	That was all there was of his world , and all that would ever be .
tr	10	Hailey thought it was her first dance in public .
tr	7	' We 're going to Zurich . '
tr	8	Haskins asked Lucas to move the crowds back .
tr	9	" It 's a little ability I have - to nullify magic and other supernatural things . "
tr	10	For a moment , she hesitated , as if she would attack with her bare hands .
tr	7	" Yes , it 's been quite a while , Sergeant .
tr	7	Until ... " Ooh , look , " a fan pointed up the entryway , " there 's another one . "
tr	6	" Hey , Bryce , " Suzannah 's sultry tone purred at me through the phone line and I groaned .
tr	5	Surely a diamond mine is more your style ? "
tr	11	She was so dehydrated that she already started to see things double .
tr	9	in fact far from it but I do need background information .
tr	7	As a result of the restless nights , thick black rings were visible beneath his green eyes .
tr	9	Jolie was paying Malcolm to torture a prisoner ?
tr	8	Both my XO and chief engineer have expressed doubts about the helicopter pad .
tr	10	" I 'll be waiting , " she said , turning to wink slyly .
tr	10	Except you have to be careful .
tr	11	They would not be able to catch him , in any event .
tr	7	Leah asked , looking concerned .
tr	9	Simon tottered to one of the windows and brushed away the curtain .
tr	11	He is a warlock , who possesses the secret of perpetual youth . "
tr	8	joked the inspector " And what 's this ? "
tr	10	It was time to put an end to this farce .
tr	7	At the sound of the bell , they both came out of their corners and approached each other without hesitation .
tr	9	I just love painting and being an art student so much . "
tr	9	I was assuming of course that the code was correct .
tr	5	' Quite a roomy vessel , too , so we needn 't stint . '
tr	10	Mac recognized one of the paintings she described .
tr	7	" The kingship war , " grinned Karl , his eyes bulging out , tapping his black rifle .
tr	9	Kurt moved to kick him , but Fuchs again held up a hand , clicking his tongue as well .
tr	8	It ranges from 8 BC to anywhere in the next twelve years .
tr	11	I managed to collect the bottle before the Bordeaux stained the rug too much .
tr	5	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Sarah was relieved .
tr	11	Do you want to dance ? "
tr	8	They 're already running pictures of her .
tr	5	" Oh , but it is , " Cordelia said .
tr	11	Ted thought for a few moments about how much he should reveal to this girl .
tr	7	What have they done to me ?
tr	10	Guess there 's no going back now .
tr	8	Chapter 8 : Noah 's Worst Day Hailey was ready for the change .
tr	8	" I have apologised for the whole and begged Lady Adele 's pardon .
tr	9	" Do you remember the names of the clerks too ? "
tr	7	Still with a smile on her face , she pointed me in the right direction .
tr	11	" You 're too young to be talking about a future .
tr	6	Nothing difficult , just blood and pulse , simple reflexes , that sort of thing .
tr	7	Gabe clutches the headrest with both hands .
tr	8	" Yes , " she murmured in his ear , " I can .
tr	9	" Even if , like with young John , I tell you to stay back at camp ? "
tr	10	" No one 's going to adopt this guy , " Gabe says as if that could possibly make anything better .
tr	10	" I didn 't even know you could do that .
tr	7	" They can , " Brand said , " but they turn into savage boars . "
tr	11	I let her see everything Paul had done .
tr	9	Even so , it was Mom , and she pretended not to know me .
tr	11	The guide shouted back , her facing losing some of its gloom .
tr	6	Not just bombs , but some grenades , flash bombs and smoke bombs as well .
tr	8	Look at the new Apple company , and Microsoft with that Gates fellow , both situated pretty close to us . "
tr	10	His answer came almost immediately as the rounds started impacting the ships directly .
tr	9	Their reply had been obvious , a large pair of blood stained pliers and a hammer lay on the floor .
tr	9	Once in the car , Whisper gave Agent 5D a map of Treviso and asked him to memorise it .
tr	11	If Sky is going to throw up I might not get another opportunity .
tr	8	Rain pecks at my leg and shoulder as I step out .
tr	5	" I loved him , too . "
tr	10	Jenny looked up and smiled as he walked into the galley .
tr	8	" I tell you and you not believe me , but I tell you anyway .
tr	6	The mural behind the band area showed more palm trees and distant waves .
tr	9	Amanda seemed to look through him .
tr	6	Pillowcase in tow , Zoe made her way into the busy city streets .
tr	8	I pressed the bell and a receptionist released the electronic door lock .
tr	8	He pulled the cigar out of his mouth and stabbed it in Archie 's direction .
tr	6	" Sergeant Wilder , of the Third Scout Platoon , reporting , Sir .
tr	7	Don 't let that happen .
tr	8	However , it was a great deal of worry and bother .
tr	7	The letters were large and not well rounded , but legible : " I am a lost boy .
tr	8	First of all , let me congratulate you on your simulator training .
tr	11	" Maybe I could be persuaded to let him go . "
tr	5	" You have a handler ?
tr	9	The two approached the wreck , walking between the beams and stepping onto the hard sand inside .
tr	6	" Are you sure ? "
tr	6	" Ok , " Jim said , " I can use that . "
tr	9	I was whole and remembered but where am I ?
tr	8	I hope they all found good homes . "
tr	8	Charlie pulled out Archie 's watch and showed it to the jeweller .
tr	7	I 've heard of you .
tr	11	" That is strange sir , for I have only known Mr. Clancy for a few days . "
tr	7	A low growl sounded in his throat and rose to a loud pitch .
tr	9	In the group of drilling Confederate soldiers , the first volley hit its mark with deadly accuracy .
tr	8	Electricity immediately began pulsing down the darts ' trailing wires .
tr	7	It was more of a rectangle .
tr	9	When they finished Calvin went for a shower leaving Danny and Raphael to chat .
tr	10	' Too good to have someone like me bringing you down .
tr	7	" When I left the horse chiefs , I came here and stayed a few months .
tr	8	Page after page of information rolled across the screen .
tr	7	Eight shots rang out and Rifleman Woodbridge 's body jerked and his head slumped forward .
tr	9	Her one bag arrived and , without bothering with a cart , she hefted it and headed over to customs .
tr	5	At the top landing , behind a reference desk , sat a tall , skinny assistant librarian .
tr	6	" Everyone left behind their cell phones ? "
tr	10	There was much work to do on the place .
tr	10	" Okay , where do we stand ? "
tr	6	The story was exaggerated , both hunters knew , but Smythe didn 't care .
tr	10	" I 'm sure Mike would appreciate your recognition . "
tr	8	Skull draw a breath and said , " Create a barrier surrounding the castle . "
tr	10	" What I need you to do is not touch me . "
tr	9	I tried my best to peek through the leaves of the branches but couldn 't see much .
tr	6	Eighth rib is broken too . "
tr	11	She 'll be splashed with mud from head to foot with this rain !
tr	11	" Weird how she could change sex overnight right before she died . "
tr	10	She waited for him to bring it up at his own pace .
tr	11	Governments are only as good as the people that comprise them .
tr	8	As days slips into weeks .
tr	11	I 'm trying to illustrate how easily it happened . '
tr	10	His plan rested on their ability to arm themselves quickly .
tr	5	Heavy cream , heavy sugar , just the way you like it . "
tr	6	Soul blushed and Hiro looked away , his eyes hidden by his hair .
tr	6	Testing my limitations once , I ran off for an entire weekend with Teal .
tr	7	I couldn 't lie my way out of this one .
tr	11	A balding middle-aged man walking down the street looked over to see her waving at him .
tr	10	Claire wondered if she would see them at the finish .
tr	9	" I 'll just change back into my clothes before we get there .
tr	10	They passed the ample corridor that leads to a spacious balcony .
tr	8	In the City of the fallen Angels , or Los Angeles there was a ship by the sea .
tr	10	Claire tried to sound interested rather than nosy .
tr	11	" I think I might have sung him a little song . "
tr	8	Stacy asked Tori , " You like him , don 't you ? "
tr	7	But suddenly , the blue , clear sky lost its brightness and he quickly noticed this and lost his calm .
tr	11	He was convinced that it wasn 't about running .
tr	7	Inside it was a bloodied gold ring with a large black rectangular stone .
tr	9	We were planning on the bombardment of alien sites once we achieve orbital superiority . "
tr	7	The demon 's head lifted , he opened his eyes , and they glowed like an ember .
tr	5	And after that , it was all just so incredibly easy .
tr	7	If his voice was quiet , it was anything but gentle .
tr	8	It 's what actually kills the person .
tr	5	The barely audible elevator bell , heavy but distant footsteps , a click .
tr	9	" I am sorry for your loss , but , " she starts , cut off by a torrent of projectiles .
tr	7	" We should be running , " he told her in a harsh whisper through clenched teeth .
tr	10	Both women sat in silence for a moment , listening to the sounds of the forest .
tr	9	As I negotiated the dingy corridors of the empty building , my phone beeped again .
tr	9	Driving has always brought out the worst in people .
tr	10	Tork stared at me with strange mixture of disbelief and relief , sweat dripping from his face .
tr	8	" Come on , show us your friends , " Mrs. Collins said and they sat down on the couch .
tr	10	What do you think they are waiting for ? "
tr	9	" Yeah she came up ' ere when pop died , couldn 't wait to leave Essex .
tr	6	Besides the engines , the police cruisers , and the news trucks , four ambulances were on the scene .
tr	7	Normally I was extremely conscientious , but perhaps my mind had been distracted .
tr	9	Getting up there was entirely another matter , and this project was under development in Hangar Six .
tr	8	" Just as well , " he thought , " who needs it ?
tr	7	Someone ... is using that account . "
tr	10	Wonder if that girl has any up at the house ?
tr	8	" I 'll go alone from here , Captain .
tr	10	" Here you are , " he said , sitting up , " if you want it so badly . "
tr	10	Neither he nor Jace believed there was radiation in the city .
tr	9	Something their Mother was never able to teach them . "
tr	10	Our children have not been raised with the luxuries of electricity or modern frills .
tr	10	She felt just a little dizzy but swallowed hard and took a deep breath .
tr	5	Just walking in the night , no hurry , no plan , just drifting along .
tr	10	And I didn 't even know if cheesecake could get air bubbles .
tr	6	The Wanderers can pick and choose , so of course they pick the good ones . "
tr	8	Most Americans aren 't interested in riding .
tr	5	' Slaves , ' ' threats , ' ' honorable . '
tr	9	" Why don 't we turn the Lodge into the offices for Mudd Securities ? "
tr	11	" The one who supposedly quit the games to travel the world . "
tr	9	" Until we understand where the information went , our entire plan is in jeopardy . "
tr	7	A very small passageway leads back outside via a small stone archway at the end .
tr	8	I cut off another piece of tape and pressed it over the man 's mouth .
tr	6	" I couldn 't see him .
tr	11	" Is that meant to concern me ? "
tr	10	She knew he was staring at her .
tr	10	I expected Logan to make a joke or laugh , but he 'd grown silent .
tr	8	said Cade gently , swimming back to the seawall .
tr	10	" We 'll need to start out early in the morning . "
tr	8	Sign it , ' With our hopes . ' "
tr	11	Four of the icons were already flashing red , indicating that they 'd been ' killed ' .
tr	9	I tried to lower my head , but he wouldn 't let me .
tr	8	The chill autumn wind rushed over her bare skin , raising goosebumps and drying the sweat .
tr	9	* Dickie was restless , he paced from room to room aimlessly , unable to settle .
tr	9	I was just about to introduce you .
tr	7	Destro turned away from the window and walked slowly toward the conference table .
tr	10	" So tell me , Doctor , what has you upset ? "
tr	10	You 'll have to learn it yourself .
tr	10	It was as friendly and helpful as an email from Carl would have been .
tr	10	Natalie and Sophia lowered themselves into the boat and three strong sailors accompanied them to the island .
tr	9	I 'm just a sales rep who was ... " I began .
tr	7	If he didn 't , soon the big man would be beyond saving .
tr	8	After a warm smile and an assuring nod from Link , the trio is headed back into the deep woods .
tr	11	Don 't want to feel all sleepy during the exams next week . "
tr	8	" Kev , tell him to keep the change . "
tr	6	" Darling , " Jaxon said , " for you , I 'll do anything . "
tr	8	I emerged in a narrow passage between two buildings .
tr	6	She nurses her arm , holds out her wrist tenderly as Tad the step monkey fast approaches .
tr	7	He turned and nodded to the agent and paramedics .
tr	10	It ceased at a steep flight of steps leading downward .
tr	8	Yet , that morning Tom was nowhere to be found .
tr	9	Every day he looked more and more like me with the exception that he had his mother 's dark brooding eyes .
tr	5	" Oh , thanks , sweetie , " she said .
tr	8	As long as they acted quickly , there was no cause for alarm .
tr	10	" I think we have some in the car somewhere . "
tr	11	Do a Filomena , the elderly lady who worked at Caf Amara !
tr	6	He accepted his primal role in service to the Infinite One .
tr	11	Anyway , Arthur Cobb had far more experience than he did in excavation and history and all that other stuff .
tr	8	The Commander took a sip of his drink and looked over at George .
tr	8	With only an instant to react , his eyes cannot make out the blurry object closing in on him .
tr	11	What do we have to do after that , Hawk ? "
tr	7	He took a measured breath and stepped through the doorway .
tr	6	" Well , doctor , do you have a name ? "
tr	8	" Excuse me , sir , but dispatches have arrived from both Colonel Taylor and Lieutenant Governor Philips .
tr	5	A few seconds later , " Ewww !
tr	8	Andy stayed near the airplane looking it over .
tr	8	" It will be fine , Eda , can you not see that Finn is making a fire for us ? "
tr	8	" And that lady in front of you is my sister Sidney . "
tr	8	She swallowed again at the memories of that man .
tr	11	I don 't want to become a victim of Darwinism myself .
tr	10	Using her mind she picks it up and flings it away as if it were a toy .
tr	9	Edna turned around to look at Chuck .
tr	11	" Isn 't Alvin going to get us though ? "
tr	6	She was surprised and at the same time , she couldn 't move .
tr	7	Jimmy asked before Josie could .
tr	8	What 's more is that he runs a school .
tr	9	I 'm so glad to see you again .
tr	10	" Yeoman , I know you have high expectations of yourself .
tr	10	If Joe pressured Ted into giving him one thing , wouldn 't he want it all ?
tr	9	" We 've already taken my lab mesh off the corporate backbone , " said William .
tr	7	The flood plain on their side was scoured flat , a lush meadow .
tr	5	" It 's all right . "
tr	11	That is not the way to speak to an emperor , Julia thought .
tr	8	A second later , I slammed into the wall of the shaft .
tr	6	" I have no idea , " returned Rafe shortly .
tr	6	" I had best make some more . "
tr	6	She carefully removed his colostomy bag , thoroughly cleaned the area , dried it , and attached the new bag .
tr	11	Lars and Helen were dancing , for my surprise Lars did not praise himself for no propose .
tr	9	Whatever outlandish place they came from , they certainly had Healers to deal with that problem .
tr	6	" Do I what ? '
tr	6	" How many men have you killed , boy ? "
tr	11	' Father says one must be tolerant of difference . '
tr	8	When the Pastor bowed his head and closed his eyes , she withdrew from the contact .
tr	11	" It 's imperative that we remember which direction we came from .
tr	9	Do you want some ? "
tr	8	Shall we open the hatches all the way through ?
tr	9	She caught her father 's eye , remembered her promise to be good , and nodded .
tr	7	" Yes , daddy , " mocked Helen Spade , batting her eyes .
tr	9	' After all , we 've interfered with and shaped the course of human history for almost two millennia . '
tr	7	Every step caused his head to swim and he felt nauseated .
tr	8	The Prince opened his mouth to respond , but shut it again with a snap .
tr	8	A slender figure of a young woman appeared beside him , blowing softly on his sensitive ears .
tr	10	My heart slammed erratically against my ribs as my gaze shifted once more to the other two people in the room .
tr	8	As he passed us , I smiled sadly , and he offered a bowed head .
tr	7	" We are now thirty-three days from our next flight , our problem ' decoy ' flight into space .
tr	8	The door between the cargo room and the control room slid down trapping Mac and Raymond in the cargo room .
tr	6	The rich smell of young tree bark grows overwhelming , and pure .
tr	9	I deserved everything you said last night .
tr	10	Sign up for my newsletter to be notified of new releases .
tr	9	She pulled away to let him breath .
tr	8	Reaching for the boy 's hand , the woman straighten her arm and the boy do the same .
tr	6	I would never forgive myself . "
tr	6	" Trust no one else . "
tr	11	She loved animals and she couldn 't wait to talk with them .
tr	9	There was blood everywhere as both men reloaded with fresh magazines .
tr	10	I guess I 'll be seeing you .
tr	10	She took some time to think about it .
tr	9	" So did I. " He grinned mischievously , an enthusiastic and robust gleam entering his eyes .
tr	9	" You 're right , but there 's not help for it , " Leah said simply .
tr	8	' And I think he faked his own death , somehow . '
tr	8	With anguish on his face , Rick knelt down in front of her .
tr	6	Elaina narrowed her eyes at his straight , unsuspecting back .
tr	5	" Besides , " Alejo 's tone was quiet yet challenging .
tr	5	Someone powerful and persuasive , likely a controller or manipulator , but also perhaps a teacher .
tr	8	I 'm trying to return .
tr	7	How could they treat him like that ?
tr	9	she blurted , stepping back into Cade 's solid chest .
tr	8	Catalina gasped again , but Claudio held his reactions tightly in check .
tr	7	Most of the time , you can accomplish the same task with multiple pillars .
tr	7	Every cut branch and vine will point the way to our hunters like a flaming arrow .
tr	11	He glanced at the door Bay had passed through , taking another hearty drink .
tr	11	However , to John 's surprise the deer were undisturbed by the wolves presence .
tr	10	Afraid for what the world held in store .
tr	10	Finan was silent for some time , a serious frown on his face .
tr	8	I 'll get down on my knees and beg .
tr	8	His siblings would never have come to his rescue even once .
tr	8	' He told me not to leave the city . '
tr	10	I examined it cover to cover .
tr	8	got ta get one . "
tr	8	A boy might possibly be bleeding to death ! "
tr	9	' Come now , is that any way to greet an old friend ? '
tr	9	After watching the first phase of the operation , David had indeed proven himself to be a quite gifted surgeon .
tr	6	' By the way , some dead fisherman attacked me and blew up your lighthouse ? ' "
tr	6	But the distance was too great , and the bullets missed their target .
tr	5	On the front page were three separate drawings .
tr	5	" I most certainly did not , " " Yes , you did , " " Did not . "
tr	6	He usually stayed with either George or Dickie .
tr	9	" I am so glad to see your face . "
tr	11	" I said the earl 's first job is to be liked .
tr	11	You have seen us do this for you on more than one occasion .
tr	8	A fight she had a feeling would not be easy in any shape or form .
tr	11	" I would prefer to find out for myself , Mr. Ryan .
tr	7	Within five minutes they could glimpse the hillside through the trees past an open field .
tr	5	On our right , an empty square lot took up the entire block .
tr	9	" Seriously , Phillip , I don 't think you realize how hard the dirt is .
tr	11	" Okay , our friends out there are going to be fighting for their lives . "
tr	9	What I need to do .
tr	10	I guess it was hectic but I swear he looked just like you .
tr	10	I 've got a part to play , so I hush my voice , turn it hollow and cold .
tr	8	" We go into forest to fresh water pool nearby .
tr	10	It looked like the new sailor ; the one man that he did not trust on his ship .
tr	11	Somehow he kept from finishing his sentence : while I still have time .
tr	9	Have I been charged with something ? "
tr	7	She turned to the table beside her and rang the bell on it .
tr	8	Looking back to Rho , he sees the jig is up .
tr	7	" You didn 't awake me , " he accused .
tr	9	I regretted the words as soon as I said them .
tr	6	Those women should just kill themselves already . "
tr	6	As long as we both know it 's very hit-and-miss , and easy to misunderstand . "
tr	10	When he really thought about it , he couldn 't remember when he 'd ever been happier .
tr	8	" Yes , well , she was a bit upset with the challenges and all . "
tr	6	" Maybe I scare her , " joked James , and Alice 's smile grew .
tr	8	The whole damn building was shaking with my motorcycle running , so I killed the engine . "
tr	11	" I 'll not waste these moments hoping for a miracle in silence .
tr	8	All that 's left is vengeance . "
tr	7	If he survived the fall he 'll live . "
tr	11	I asked and he smiled as the vision began to fade .
tr	11	Do you like to travel ? "
tr	7	Please , " she begs as their window for escape shrinks to nothing .
tr	10	He had been quite comfortable talking with her , but her words called to mind his deception .
tr	8	The team faced a decision , should they continue on with the reconnaissance mission , or go back to the JP ?
tr	5	" You are the new man , eh ? "
tr	5	On my way home , I felt my back pocket buzz .
tr	9	He knew that she was his mother , and she knew that the caller was her son .
tr	9	All that remained of Jacob Hatcher was a pathetic , but utterly terrifying , husk .
tr	8	" That 's the way most people feel .
tr	6	" Martha 's entire life was a tragedy , " Larry said , a hardness edged in his jaw .
tr	9	They almost caught up to Lonnie and Ricky when the trail opened up to the yard around the stone cottage .
tr	8	Even now he can hear the screams in his mind .
tr	8	Go to see a movie , pizza ... ? "
tr	6	* * * My phone signaled a new message just as I walked back into the House .
tr	5	Saturday 05th May 1984 On Saturday afternoon Danny opened the front door .
tr	6	" Can I call you Finn ?
tr	7	" Later , now I just need to sleep . "
tr	7	" Don 't scream , " he whispered lowly in her ear .
tr	6	Without their powers the lack of military discipline and battle skills are far more apparent .
tr	10	She caught sight of a sign and her heart lifted .
tr	7	" The way is clear for us .
tr	11	At the tender age of four , Wilbur launched his first attempt to take to the air for himself .
tr	9	As the aircraft approached the drop zone , the pilots alerted Agent 2C via the use of an orange light .
tr	9	We didn 't have beer for weeks but , it was definitely a great experience . "
tr	9	" Have some tea , calm down and then we 'll calmly discuss what happened . "
tr	10	I suppose there are a few thousand ghosts on board thanks to the plague .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " she responded in a quiet voice .
tr	9	Stamping his foot he chugged basic chords as his mind searched for words .
tr	10	Or maybe , his own brief experience with a speech impediment after his braces came off had made him more understanding .
tr	5	" Sounds very promising , " John said sarcastically .
tr	9	It almost lost control , righted itself at the last moment and resumed the pursuit .
tr	6	" We won 't , " the moderator said and cut her off .
tr	5	" The angel killed a preacher last night .
tr	10	I 'll have to make the call from a phone box . '
tr	9	" That is Celsius , not Fahrenheit , Jonesy , its cold in here !
tr	8	The girl was as clean and neat as a new pin , and she carried a tray of dirty plates .
tr	11	The mask had a beak that turned up and went out between the two eyes .
tr	6	What was it really all about ?
tr	10	She froze like a deer caught in the headlights , her mouth dropped open with a gasp .
tr	10	She would disappear for days , weeks , hunting on her own .
tr	6	" Hit the road , Zachary , " he said , then clicked his tongue , and trotted away .
tr	11	I myself would like to do some exploring but am laboring under the same constraints as everyone else . "
tr	9	He smiled softly , ironically and he stood up , placing himself near me .
tr	9	You want to talk about something else .
tr	5	" No , Grace , " he replied , " it isn 't that .
tr	10	The older woman , with long , graying hair up in a bun , tapped him on the shoulder .
tr	9	The voice belonged to Raven , one of her Iron Maidens .
tr	10	" I think we 're a bit unsettled by all this .
tr	6	Nate boosted Pigeon and Summer through , then grasped the windowsill , kicked off the wall , and pulled himself up .
tr	11	" Say you had something I wanted ?
tr	9	Danny asked steering Raphael 's train of thought .
tr	7	It wore the form of red-haired , skinny woman .
tr	9	What was the team going to find out ?
tr	7	" That 's 4 ' 6 " , Jenkins .
tr	7	I 'm mentally clinging to him like a frightened cat .
tr	8	Once again he had proved himself the better man , and his chest puffed out with pride .
tr	11	Scott went outside , checked the area , then walked slowly toward the barrels , keeping his eyes and ears open .
tr	8	In his voice , I could easily discern a trace of regret .
tr	11	The police smiled while Connor walked through the motions of quarter staff fighting .
tr	10	SoCal was about to lose millions and they would have no legal recourse .
tr	11	Exhaustion had begun to seep into Brand , and when the bumpy ride ended he nearly dozed off .
tr	7	" The worst is over , " Gabriel said , sounding quite sick as well .
tr	10	She could not fight the strength of the hands holding her tightly .
tr	8	Their supper seemed meager and it lasted only minutes , but when it ended everyone was satisfied .
tr	5	His club , his pride and joy , no longer held any appeal .
tr	8	Nora was already at the edge when they were stopped .
tr	11	Most towns on the Cape had long ago given up taking extraordinary measures to save or salvage the shifting sandbar .
tr	7	Closer to the creature , the orange eyes loomed large ; the steady gaze almost piercing .
tr	10	" It 's just ... " I didn 't know what to say .
tr	7	Eventually , long after dark , Brand bade them goodbye and went to his bedroom .
tr	11	He turned to face Jennie with a smile on his face .
tr	5	Not only that , it was their own blood .
tr	8	I hear his voice echoing in the distance .
tr	11	He saw Gennady 's tall head go towards the east bound track .
tr	9	There was no sign of anything save a lone hawk . "
tr	9	Even though there was not much going on during the night the office was usually staffed around the clock .
tr	10	Michael loved to discuss all sorts of things with grown-ups .
tr	11	It knelt down on one knee and began making gestures with its head toward its back .
tr	11	Claire stirred and muttered thickly until I gave her another dose of chloroform .
tr	10	" I hear what you 're saying sir and I agree with you one hundred percent .
tr	5	What do you fellas think ? "
tr	9	" Is that what you call this ?
tr	10	It was obvious that a major drug deal was going down in the factory .
tr	8	If our spirits pull in ze same direction then we 'll achieve our dreams . '
tr	6	" 007 , drive away calmly and quickly .
tr	6	He regained consciousness for a brief moment during the jeep ride home , on route to the hospital .
tr	10	How I wish to forget you already !
tr	6	You didn 't even know him . "
tr	10	Why don 't you civilians just fly in , instead of driving your fancy cars ?
tr	8	And I had to warn him .
tr	5	Except for the one quarter Cherokee part , the rest was all lies .
tr	7	' That 's not good , ' I said bleakly , meeting his eyes .
tr	9	I couldn 't be in two places at once .
tr	11	Now it was time to get oriented and to plan their hike up the mountains .
tr	8	His eyes slid away from his lord 's stare and became engrossed in the horizon .
tr	8	Fuck it all to hell !
tr	7	" Oh how sweet , you remember my name , " Lance groans painfully .
tr	6	The beautiful couples dancing , the perfect atmosphere and music , the marvelous crystalline windows . .
tr	6	" Are you okay ? "
tr	7	As an adjunct to Boise State University , the ISE was affiliated with the main campus .
tr	5	" Cool ; um , so what happened next ? "
tr	9	He was almost there before one of the men peered over a car hood with his rifle .
tr	8	Eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
tr	7	Until a group of motorcycle riders stumbled across it .
tr	9	Mike jumped as Colonel McCutcheon 's voice suddenly appeared at his left shoulder .
tr	10	It was not the easiest spot for her to climb down to with her crooked back .
tr	11	Protocols and procedures were universal throughout the Iron Grenadiers , just as they were in most militaries around the world .
tr	8	" What - he 's bleeding ! "
tr	8	It was actually time for me to retire .
tr	11	The winter ... The cold ... The station ... What were they to do ?
tr	9	For now , I have to get to the interstate .
tr	7	Jacob Crawford was wearing blue jeans and a light blue sweater .
tr	10	" I 'll be good to go in -- " " Rick ? "
tr	11	Takeo was relentless and went right to work on Connor 's right hand .
tr	7	Furnace studied one corner of the desk .
tr	9	He draw near her and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	11	" Do you mean to give up ? "
tr	9	It seemed to the boys as if the world around them had stopped .
tr	8	" You know , I do not think I shall . "
tr	6	Going back up , the eagle made a sharp turn to circle in again on the kitten .
tr	10	She climbed in , sat down , and arranged her skirts around her feet .
tr	11	He has this ability for showing up at exactly the wrong time -- anytime .
tr	10	" And when are we going to get to our island ? "
tr	7	' We 're not far from the compound . '
tr	6	Immediately after she spoke , the people inside of the room ceased their talking .
tr	7	" I 've learned my lesson , and learned it well .
tr	7	Ever the dutiful servant , he quietly removed the old man 's slippers and lifted his legs further onto the mattress .
tr	7	It 's almost sundown , " she said and put the laundry on the table .
tr	7	She had forced her way and now crouched with us in the dark forest .
tr	7	" Are you Noah 's parents ? "
tr	5	His leg is too badly damaged .
tr	7	Sat on the next table , four cloaked men spoke in whispers and shot occasional glances towards the game .
tr	8	" It 's all about winning , " he thought to himself , " I never lose ! "
tr	8	She watched him staring out into the dark night .
tr	10	I don 't want anything to happen to you .
tr	9	Let me come with you , I beg ! "
tr	5	Don 't they have any brains ? "
tr	6	" Just as I thought , " she said .
tr	6	The pleasure of the day was long gone .
tr	6	He made a quick decision and slowly dropped his arms .
tr	7	Near the hotel there were a few buildings - a gas station , a small store , and a clothing shop .
tr	8	You must tell him of Ganondorf 's return .
tr	7	" But what if , say , no Security family was voted in ? "
tr	7	Let him go or you die . "
tr	6	" Our house and our land , " said Felix graciously , with that warm beaming smile .
tr	8	I worked at the top levels for ten years , with the CIA for a total of twenty-five years .
tr	9	Chapter Twenty Two Andy saw the danger and ran from his hiding place like a sprinter out of the blocks .
tr	7	I say more farewells to the villagers , firmly discourage their company , and set off alone on the road .
tr	10	The scene made Sadie want to wretch .
tr	11	It seemed so unreal Manuel wondered if this were a nightmarish dream .
tr	9	We had to keep going .
tr	8	She knocked on the door of the main house .
tr	8	Mark pointed to the stone heart Josie had dropped .
tr	8	She turned back to him and asked , " What did you do ?
tr	5	For the next two hours she watched soap operas and daytime talk shows .
tr	7	Are we ready for Spy Games this weekend ? "
tr	10	Jacques sits next to Sophie on her bed .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	7	Between the extra casting and the cold she had a faint tinge of blue to her lips all the time .
tr	6	" She 's right , Miss , er , Mrs. , uh , madam .
tr	7	The Bastian Hunter blinked and gazed at me in mild confusion .
tr	11	Julian was worried because he saw more than everybody else here did .
tr	7	There 's been no sun today or the day before that .
tr	7	The last of the Indians down there disappeared into the trees , some upriver , and some down .
tr	10	" They 'll give you the peace you seek one day . "
tr	10	Maya stiffens , throws her head back and releases a deep eerie howl before disappearing from view .
tr	9	I never really liked fighters after that and posted back to transport aircraft . "
tr	5	At that time , harmony and peace ruled the word .
tr	9	In an attempt to hide her reaction she reached over and pulled Sky into a hug .
tr	9	So , finding this , we 've already narrowed down the possible date that our ship went down . "
tr	6	What can I help you with ? "
tr	9	How do you make it unique to a person ? "
tr	8	The old man draw forth , patting the young man on his shoulders .
tr	7	Victor glanced at me , his own expression vaguely troubled .
tr	7	You 're welcome to them . "
tr	9	Sculpted goddesses paraded their nudity , coming to life through the artists ' skill .
tr	11	Katarina is not going to be happy about this . "
tr	10	Who had put a log on his mother 's good sofa ?
tr	11	He didn 't seem happy that Kaylin wouldn 't share him with us .
tr	9	Static rose from the speakers in the long silence that followed .
tr	9	She feels her knees buckling and fights to stay upright .
tr	9	And afraid of what she might do if she got angry enough .
tr	10	All his life he had been told that he was fortunate .
tr	10	In his innocence he believed and expected the lights to come on and so they did .
tr	7	As the man dropped , Drake dropped on his knees beside him , his breathing ragged .
tr	10	Try to cover a couple of kilometers .
tr	8	Something slashed across the back of my left hand .
tr	8	Is there anywhere we can hide ? "
tr	10	You ought to have better control of them .
tr	7	A couple of more years and they would have spent a long wonderful summer together .
tr	11	His long legs meant long strides that often caught the heels of those ahead .
tr	10	You don 't know what he 's capable of .
tr	6	Death is emptiness , death is taking , death is the end !
tr	10	It felt strange to talk about this .
tr	11	Amanda felt as if she had been punched in the gut .
tr	6	It was a large three-story affair , its entrance gateway flanked by twin round towers with conical roofs .
tr	9	" You 've been on your own for way too long son . "
tr	9	With the jar in hand , he began to dance once more around the fire .
tr	11	Is what projected in front of me .
tr	8	After clearing his throat , he regains his composure as the hero eyes him suspiciously .
tr	7	Saw him stalking the flock . "
tr	5	CM : But , Crafty -- BG : Fuck him , you know ?
tr	9	He 's old enough to be my dad ! "
tr	6	Shoving up her thin sweater , he kissed a path down her throat to her chest .
tr	10	If he was going to shoot , he would have done it by now .
tr	8	Something that would help keep me awake .
tr	7	After all these years of blackness , you remember ! "
tr	10	They are expecting attacks , or at least some sort of intimidation , here along our northern area .
tr	8	It seemed their mysterious antagonist possessed wealthy companions .
tr	7	Arriving at the hotel , from my despair , Helen stopped us .
tr	6	A wide fist , like a hammer , that drove my head straight down into the floor .
tr	7	The third figure sitting at the table finally stirred .
tr	8	Let me talk to Jack . "
tr	8	" No , it 's not , " he was quick to interrupt .
tr	7	' A couple of Trudie 's colleagues went around your Borderline gig last night with flyers .
tr	11	In a brief blast he plows through the thin veil concealing the room , landing harshly amongst the bouncing grains .
tr	6	She hated him for it .
tr	11	His horrified expression said it all , as he struggled to move , but could not .
tr	9	Callie was calling from the back of the pack .
tr	6	Poor defense against an army , but a great defense against the chaos of the times . "
tr	8	" My sweet , you have to understand a thing .
tr	8	' Beta ' ordered as he entered the room .
tr	6	" Brook and Spelling , just up from Claridge 's , " he told the driver .
tr	7	They were safe for now .
tr	10	They were bursting to tell ' dad ' everything .
tr	5	His careful y polite inquiries yielded up neither destination nor explanation .
tr	9	She smiled to herself and entered the dining hall to find Byron already there .
tr	9	It was what was demanded and he willingly gave it .
tr	8	" You can hide behind trees and you can walk softly but you can 't change your pheromones . "
tr	8	" Look who 's here .
tr	9	Now though , my eyes tracked the words before I tossed the thing towards my friend .
tr	5	And there 's a small café ! "
tr	10	There was the long veranda and the second story balcony on top of the porch .
tr	7	At thirty-eight Candice still looked very attractive with her soft brown eyes and dark blonde hair .
tr	6	" And this was two days ago ? "
tr	6	A blue Ford station wagon sat out front , its faux wood side paneling sun bleached and peeling .
tr	10	What the hell are all them mules carrying ? "
tr	11	What girls could refuse to look so nice underneath their dresses ?
tr	7	Mrs. Gilbert hurried toward the lake and hollered to the older boys out on the water .
tr	6	My brothers return together three hours later .
tr	5	Below it , in black letters , was the word " Peace " .
tr	6	Missy reached out her hands and took the box .
tr	11	' Is it something to do with Little Spirit ? '
tr	9	They both continue up the steps to the platform where the tall woman stands .
tr	5	During this time every week , I usually run errands and pay bills .
tr	8	I spoke again , this time to Simon .
tr	8	" Look Doctor , I don 't have time to explain .
tr	8	We 'll make it up in all the wonderful holidays to come .
tr	10	And finally they arrived at Sophia 's Sofia apartment where they were both sitting in the hall .
tr	10	Holding it to the wooden brand serving as their torch , he saw that his hands were shaking .
tr	9	The silence between them make her feel odd and edgy at the same time .
tr	8	All told , we had been the butt of the whole ordeal .
tr	9	She suddenly turned somewhat pale but she managed to conceal it .
tr	7	and , brushing the dirt out of his hair , Nate sauntered over to the fire .
tr	11	I 'm glad she couldn 't read my mind at that moment .
tr	10	Kurt didn 't stop to visit Amelia and Heidi 's graves .
tr	6	In the meantime , us watchers didn 't exactly cheer , but there were some shared looks and smiles .
tr	8	" Yes , Sweetie , and stop staring , it 's impolite . "
tr	6	My name is Maya , and his name was Ryan .
tr	7	My face was wet with tears .
tr	10	Adele had voiced a wish to retire and he had immediately risen to escort her .
tr	10	They jogged in pursuit as fast as they could without the flame blowing out .
tr	6	" Hmmmm , " said the Commander thoughtfully , " that 's actually a pretty good idea .
tr	5	" Our math tutor , " Neil explained .
tr	11	I realize I don 't know where we are .
tr	9	All four of them spent dozens of hours in the shuttle simulator training on liftoff and reentry procedures .
tr	8	John decided to play along .
tr	7	It was a while before she answered .
tr	8	" Pleased to meet you , but I 'm busy right -- " he started to say .
tr	11	He wanted to keep all his blood in his body today -- - how greedy .
tr	6	shoot and scoot ... we need the intel .
tr	6	And far away in the shimmering red desert , the man in the pointy hat climbed carefully out of his hole .
tr	8	" That 's a lot of obits ... wait , radiation poisoning ? "
tr	6	The fourth wore a white tunic with a black wheel emblem over the chest .
tr	9	The younger woman was friendly and showed Connor where the outdoor sink was .
tr	8	A plan was beginning to emerge .
tr	9	And it felt really good to assert myself .
tr	9	Or you could use the one of me on top of the wall . "
tr	11	Simon knew that the boy had only moments to live .
tr	9	" I think we 're clear , " he whispered over his shoulder .
tr	5	With a sudden movement , the man brought up his right arm .
tr	8	Suddenly there was a light buzz in the air and in her vision another man stepped up , large and menacing .
tr	8	Finding what they will find .
tr	8	The turret tore at the walls , annihilating everything in its path .
tr	11	She was teaching Mark how to fold a chopstick holder with the paper chopstick wrapper .
tr	7	Having thrown the pot , the remaining Courtier snagged my sword .
tr	8	He will be fine by himself . "
tr	9	And in the language of the donkeys , I have called two wild asses to carry your goods .
tr	9	After school , everybody except James gathered up in front of James and Mike 's room .
tr	8	He checked his rear-view mirror and breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	6	She 'd made a card . "
tr	9	The radiation detectors went through the main cargo area of the Galaxy and found nothing amiss .
tr	9	" Hey , " Rift mumbles , stopping in his tracks on the dark , stone steps .
tr	10	Cordelia looked to Bax as she answered .
tr	11	There was one part of the missive that troubled him .
tr	6	After their eventful breakfast the sisters headed off to the pool .
tr	10	I know you could take me out like a fly . "
tr	9	Sneed didn 't want to leave Mac .
tr	8	I should 've told you everything . "
tr	7	Light flared as a scanner read his palm print .
tr	9	She had come to grips with it .
tr	7	Stopping the blow would not have stopped the insult .
tr	5	Even in the poor light he noticed the brown spot .
tr	9	The ground beneath the Goddess ' feet crumbles apart as the bottom jaw of the monster is revealed .
tr	9	We 're going to get chips .
tr	10	the Defender managed to get out past the Prince 's hand .
tr	7	demanded the larger of the two guards on the scene .
tr	9	They go about their business with a sense of defeat , unsympathetic to any and all around them .
tr	11	" But it didn 't destroy what it was meant to .
tr	8	Warrior walks to Lance 's upper torso and looks down at his pathetic , screaming and twitching form .
tr	7	Hearing my cry and spotting my form , they lost no time .
tr	10	I 'll have to get it to you tomorrow . "
tr	6	Dorian , decent once more , turned around and gave her a laconic , charming smile .
tr	9	The path glowed in front of us and I saw our exit ahead .
tr	11	In the resulting silence , I realize that I am meant to answer .
tr	9	Flaherty 's face reddened at hearing his new nickname , but he recovered quickly .
tr	11	Some look to the graveyard of their old world , tears streaming down their faces .
tr	8	He refilled his glass and poured one for Helen , pushing it across his desk to her .
tr	10	I tug on the glass panel , and it slides open with a squeal of protest .
tr	10	Rafe had retreated to his own place , holding out the bread and cheese to Adele again .
tr	7	He was the one now exhausted from his long run through the mountains the previous night .
tr	5	The old , rickety docks had long disappeared .
tr	6	About ten years ago a country singer with a cult following shot himself in the head near Heron Lake .
tr	11	" I 'm not going to run out into those woods , unarmed , like I almost did .
tr	8	The girl ate only a small amount , while the Prince ate ravenously .
tr	9	The man was of only average height -- five eight or thereabouts , but powerfully built .
tr	10	" But you -- you 're stuck in the fanatical past , huh ?
tr	7	She had short , dark hair and wore a scarlet beret .
tr	6	So , why hadn 't Abdul Selah turned back the rain and wind , earthquakes and hail in the mountains ?
tr	7	" You 'd better hand me your cup and saucer and return upstairs . "
tr	10	I nodded at the speckled horse he was riding .
tr	6	This part of the cave should be really open . "
tr	6	The shapeshifter made up his mind - he needed more hearts .
tr	9	" No , the priest has very few guards who are not poisoned , wounded or dead .
tr	7	A sharp pain shot down my spine and travelled into my legs .
tr	7	The masterful imposter raised his voice , encompassing the space .
tr	8	" Have you ever heard of Socrates ? "
tr	8	May contain trace amounts of mercury .
tr	10	It surprised Claire that they had been her most popular posts for a while .
tr	6	" Yes , of course , how can you ask me such a stupid question ? "
tr	9	" Wait , " he said to other two , " did you say there was a stream nearby ? "
tr	8	Praise for Saladin Ahmed " Ahmed 's characters ... are a terrific blend of the realistic and the awesomely magical . "
tr	8	The woman turned to us with tears in her eyes .
tr	10	Ted thought it best not to express his fears to Melody .
tr	8	... Tonight ... Midnight ... Don ' worry , you 'll get paid ... " Anger burned inside Chris .
tr	8	There was always a strange hiss or clicking sound when the two talked .
tr	10	We didn 't want to disturb it , " said an agent who stood by the desk as they entered .
tr	6	" Exactly why , Mister Fletcher , I told nobody .
tr	5	That night we sat together again at long last .
tr	6	With one broad swipe , Zoe sliced the first imp across his entire torso .
tr	7	A cobweb brushed against my cheek , and I let out a tiny scream .
tr	10	There was no way she could see him .
tr	8	After throwing the remote on the coffee table he sat down again .
tr	6	With a deep breath , Jas turned again and headed back down the corridor .
tr	7	She has spoken to no one .
tr	9	" Bitch , " she whispers loud enough for everyone to hear .
tr	6	It went on for three days .
tr	8	" Thank you for everything you 've done , " said Toby , locking eyes with Alfred .
tr	8	he said , looking at the food .
tr	10	He fetched up on his back , his numb fingers tearing at the blanket .
tr	7	I was simply asking for details .
tr	11	The hood scraped against the tree it had run into .
tr	6	It was by an Eighteenth Century British politician Edmund Burke .
tr	7	We have no grief with him . '
tr	8	Chris feared it would bark .
tr	10	I 'm just going to do some ... redistributing . "
tr	6	" What is it , Finn ? "
tr	5	The bone marrow limits him .
tr	10	I stopped talking to watch Teddy .
tr	10	Katherine turned to see Richard with Trudie and another man .
tr	11	There were just a few points that he was still hoping to clarify .
tr	6	At last the ringing of the bell faded with a final echo .
tr	8	I love her to bits , but she 's a bit overpowering at the moment . "
tr	6	Brilliant streaks of reds and orange set the sky ablaze .
tr	9	A peculiar smell is climbing out of the eastern door , and the boy decides it 's probably the correct choice .
tr	9	Everyone knows I don 't do drugs .
tr	7	" The captain put me in charge , and the corporal gave me full authority . "
tr	11	Are you a part of this group of volunteers ? "
tr	7	" Yea ... give me half an hour then come up to the suite .
tr	11	asked Lex as they trudged through the gravel and roots of the stream bank .
tr	6	Away from the materialism , the fake friends and fake smiles , away from my mother and father . "
tr	7	She shooed the three men out of the room and paused on the threshold .
tr	5	Centuries ago our ancestor , the first dark witch , destroyed him .
tr	5	A wonderful , exciting , difficult , terrible , confusing , exhilarating year .
tr	5	It 's almost dried . "
tr	8	I will not be shown up by a child .
tr	11	He told me part of what was written . "
tr	5	In the mirror , Gabe smiles .
tr	9	Joshua forced himself to slow his breathing and his heart rate .
tr	7	On my way to the bathroom I took off the cloak and packed back into my sack .
tr	8	The startling blue eyes glared at him out of the balaclava .
tr	9	Here this chit who had stolen his son stood side by side with his most despised enemy .
tr	8	" Very helpful ... How much time do I have ? "
tr	8	" It 's just something that Simon and I noticed , " Neil mumbled .
tr	6	First off , her skirt was constricting -- she missed leggings .
tr	9	" If you wish to go , then we cannot keep you . "
tr	6	An hour after dark , Nick entered the house first with Amanda and Talon only one step behind .
tr	10	Andy noticed some of them smiling for the first time .
tr	9	Climbing out of the sand herself , Less shakes her head as her dizzying perception slowly returns to normal .
tr	11	He was no marine archeologist , but even he knew now that what he 'd found was pretty old .
tr	8	He put a hand up to hush me .
tr	11	They never could openly express their love because of the " no contact " rule that the captain enforced harshly .
tr	9	Connor knew he was now at a distinct disadvantage without full sight .
tr	10	I think I need to delegate .
tr	8	You look ... different , " He managed to get out finally .
tr	8	" I think you are right ! "
tr	11	" I mean , I assume you will be coming with us ?
tr	7	The transaction was dated four weeks ago .
tr	9	How would you like that you little piss ant ?
tr	11	This choice you must make for yourselves with no influence on my part . "
tr	8	And corrupt Brand 's morals they did .
tr	7	The smaller boats peeled off and away , and the Lady Grace was on her own .
tr	5	" Hello , young man , " said Ahmad .
tr	9	There , Brand hopped off his wolf and sat against the ice wall , shivering .
tr	6	" 99.9 % probability , and yes , check , " Gabriel said merrily .
tr	7	Flaherty shook his head , " I wasn 't , my Laird .
tr	10	We just do what we have to do , Stalin . "
tr	10	When the captain got up to leave , he reached his hand down to Chris , who stood and took it .
tr	10	The number was barely above the statistical average , but it was enough to draw her eye .
tr	5	" Okay , that 's two ... three ... four ... five ... six ... and ... seven .
tr	6	The assistant carried the steel box over to him .
tr	7	" First day , but don 't tell anyone , " said Dan , finally relaxing and flashing an awkward smile .
tr	7	" I can see your blue aura and over the skin there is a face .
tr	9	" Too big to walk around in one day ! "
tr	9	I haven 't taken any allergy medicine in probably a year I think .
tr	6	A figure stood there , his form lit by the golden candlelight .
tr	8	" They 're coming with me , " the president said , gesturing at them .
tr	7	" Yes , sir , " Francisco responded , now even more fearful of the alternative .
tr	6	Finan 's eyes widened in horror .
tr	8	I knew I had to ... .
tr	7	" You look like a butcher yourself , " he laughed .
tr	8	So , I tried to kill him then and there . "
tr	7	" We could make a try for Mr. Clancy 's . "
tr	7	" Hey , Le : check out those moths over by the street .
tr	10	He was busy reading something or other and not paying much attention .
tr	8	It looked very much like the entry point of a bullet .
tr	10	I thought we were going to Jimmy 's ? "
tr	5	For a moment Rand felt almost euphoric .
tr	6	" I love you too , " he says and hangs up the phone .
tr	9	A beautiful woman was sitting beside him with two lovely children on both sides .
tr	6	The third agent was now firing as well .
tr	7	He opened the door and took out a well-oiled satchel , the black leather gleamed in the light .
tr	10	I would say we can cut that shit out . "
tr	10	Davidoff came over to the cubicle entrance , unable to resist a neat gadget .
tr	10	Richard stood at the back looking awkward until Trudie arrived .
tr	5	After a few minutes he felt somewhat more energetic .
tr	9	We need to let these two catch up , " said Victoria .
tr	5	" Maggie - " " No , Wren , " she said sternly .
tr	10	The girl who had saved her from death , Iris .
tr	5	Also inside were a few small tables and a long , narrow bar top table .
tr	6	The moment their eyes met , his so dark and velvet soft , her stomach reacted with that strange fluttering .
tr	11	Perhaps a great artist could attempt to recreate the feeling of this world .
tr	10	A line appeared , the whitest of white , truly brilliant to the mortal eye .
tr	5	" Oh , but you did , all the same . "
tr	11	He took a moment to consider all of this .
tr	7	His free hand grabbed my wrist with the knife and he threw me over his back .
tr	10	Elaina gave a little shrug and called out , " Who comes , and what is your purpose ? "
tr	10	" They need to get into the City and also remain unnoticed there . "
tr	7	Ten As usual , the short-term parking at Dulles was filled to capacity .
tr	7	All I got was a damn guinea pig .
tr	8	At least that sack wasn 't over her eyes anymore , but her hands and feet were still securely tied .
tr	10	It looks like we might have hit the wharf .
tr	7	He wiped it with his apron and tried again , with the same result .
tr	5	With his bulging muscles and tan skin .
tr	7	The moment the bomb hit the griffin , four roots jumped out of the ground and wrapped around the purple fae .
tr	9	" I guess that kind of makes me a crazy recluse ? "
tr	8	I 've seen those before , somewhere , he thought .
tr	7	" This guy is a lot younger though -- I don 't know .
tr	9	Mana shouldered the umbrella like a soldier at a march and strode off towards the cliffs .
tr	5	But for some reason he stopped and let his lungs slowly deflate .
tr	10	Ya see , the ship was abandoned when I come across her .
tr	8	You pirates aren 't used to horseback . "
tr	5	And more important than anything , right here , right now , we have a common enemy and purpose .
tr	10	Anyone could do those , but it took something special to gain fame in the literary world .
tr	7	Or so it was said .
tr	6	' Not anymore than usual , ' I said drily .
tr	7	They staggered on through the rocks and trees until well after night fell .
tr	9	Like my heart is breaking ?
tr	11	He looked fondly at a list of news bulletins that he had secretly been assembling for years .
tr	6	" No , you don 't , " Lillian retorted her reply with a high-pitched voice .
tr	8	Draining the last of her coffee , Claire looked at the blue sky and then at her watch .
tr	7	He paid them well , looked after their families and gave them every benefit .
tr	9	He then climbed up waving to everyone and Reggie had a sudden flashback to their wedding day thirty-eight years ago .
tr	9	Josie leaned forward , her voice dropping to almost a whisper .
tr	6	Campbell looked up from the tablet , surprised .
tr	8	In fact , you and your men did much in the aftermath to save the wounded . "
tr	5	The Headmistress ' light eyes regarded Miriam and Simon .
tr	6	I shivered in its shadow .
tr	7	" Tola ... Adam , what just happened ? "
tr	5	The labels read , Armstrong , wind ; Lakefield , solar ; Lincoln , clean coal .
tr	8	Minister Drake moved beside me , his grand height obscuring me in his shadow .
tr	11	She hurriedly returned to the bent attitude that avoided strangling .
tr	10	Her question was politely rhetorical and the attendees moved to their seats as a complicated Gantt chart appeared on the screen .
tr	5	But the rope , the bed anchor , and her biceps had held .
tr	6	Quite a dandy , he had dark black curly hair , a handsome mustache , and smiling blue eyes .
tr	9	" Maybe a fresh set of eyes will see something you missed . "
tr	7	The storm was drastically louder up here , and as a result parts of the roof were tearing away .
tr	10	He avoided that , swinging his own blade to deflect mine .
tr	6	She got up from the floor ceremoniously .
tr	10	I have only known this feeling once , long ago , in our journeys far in the north together . "
tr	11	It 's got to be worth millions if it works .
tr	7	Immediately we get back off the video set and before anything else you 're doing Jorge Michaels . '
tr	6	It is so stupid now , but we were pretty edgy back then ! "
tr	9	He had lived a lavish lifestyle most of his life , it was a habit .
tr	10	Some sagged under the weight of hundreds of cans .
tr	7	One of the men was carrying a gun and the other two men were very tall and broad .
tr	7	Rafe groaned and ran a weary hand across his forehead .
tr	8	She nodded , still frowning at the sky .
tr	7	His lands had been violated and he picked up the pace .
tr	9	Everyone was surprised by what he did .
tr	6	She had not been hit .
tr	9	She was sandwiched between him and Eda snugly , but the shelter was small and it could not be helped .
tr	6	In an instant , Cordelia 's Colt roared , spitting lead , punching holes through the beastly onslaught .
tr	10	" Do you know where we going ? "
tr	11	" And we already have all the qualifications we 'll need for that . "
tr	7	the man said with alarm , but then stopped , thinking .
tr	10	" It 's good to hear from you .
tr	8	A hand reached up and began rubbing his back .
tr	10	" Do you know what happened ? "
tr	11	He knew however that , if anyone slipped through , the macaques in the canopy would let him know ... . .
tr	11	Knowing Jacob , William had little doubt that he would be feeling better within the hour .
tr	5	On the nursery clock , a little woolly lamb rocked the seconds away .
tr	8	I looked behind us and there illuminated was a giant cloud of bats .
tr	6	" So maybe in Someone Else they were trusting , " Mother replied , her English thick but cheerful .
tr	8	Possibly a good place to keep prisoners .
tr	9	Jan had drifted into the workstation , doubtless at the urging of McCutcheon .
tr	6	" But so could you , Daddy ! "
tr	6	A short time later , Dr. Driver and Dr. Wilson enter the lab and approach Timothy .
tr	5	" And you look very pretty too .
tr	9	A flock of silent crows , come to take my unearthly body to its final resting place .
tr	6	The three men stood and toasted the project and space travel .
tr	7	His expression sobered at Costas 's threatening stare .
tr	11	It is too hard to tell if they are dead or alive .
tr	9	" Wait here , " he told her and picked up the tray before he got to his feet .
tr	6	The cops were already gone .
tr	9	His energy was fading quickly and he wasn 't sure how much longer he would last .
tr	8	' That won 't happen , ' said Victor with an adamant shake of his head .
tr	5	Your friends , this girl , and her parents are merely my desert .
tr	10	" My big friend here is the guy that did that to him ! "
tr	10	He turned and began to lead Lizzie 's dad out .
tr	7	I sent for the cook and called him onto the carpet .
tr	7	Mike Mazza smiled a little , very proud of his former student and current friend .
tr	9	He loves being outside and amongst the animals .
tr	7	This guy , Paulo , had a Bible here in his tent ?
tr	10	" Who said you have to ?
tr	7	What sort of question was that ?
tr	5	Of course , with such a cargo , the aeroplane 's performance was restricted .
tr	8	Bay smiled in imitation of his father as he acknowledged her .
tr	10	He had some difficulty in keeping up with Raven , because he could not follow too closely .
tr	8	He clutched tightly to the giant 's waist .
tr	9	They , immediately , turned their canoes over and tried to swim away .
tr	8	My initial plan was a good one , he thought , but I probably should have foreseen the problems .
tr	8	I run down the street , just your average everyday girl out for an evening jog in her teddy bear PJs .
tr	9	In her haste , she neglected to completely hide her discovery in her clenched hand .
tr	7	Unless of course , someone has any better ideas ? "
tr	6	She smiled , her pretty eyes lighting up and Maggie was hooked .
tr	9	Three more men joined them , reining their horses and leaping to the ground .
tr	7	He was acting like a girl .
tr	6	Entering the main hall , she steered her aunt past the front doors toward the wide staircase .
tr	10	You can 't tell now but all of that space there without trees is a really nice sand beach .
tr	5	" Heck yeah , it 's a good word .
tr	9	" What makes you think that ? "
tr	5	Oh God , please help !
tr	7	" You were out of line , sailor . "
tr	6	' But it never worked before , ' I said flatly .
tr	7	I finished my apple and tossed it into the trash .
tr	7	The man dropped the bottle and reached down for another .
tr	8	You have a mind in your skull , breath in you , and a beating heart .
tr	7	Might as well go piss off by myself , " Noel 's great-grandfather stormed off toward the latrine .
tr	10	The crowd wasn 't happy but Tony had other things to do tonight .
tr	9	' I 'm sorry I never told you . '
tr	5	In the background , a dulcet female voice laughed maniacally .
tr	6	Minutes , hours , days , I do not recall , but eventually they found me . "
tr	8	Scott knew the ' everything else ' was the pups .
tr	8	" Tried to tell me what ? "
tr	9	he said once we were inside his apartment .
tr	10	All she could think was : we have to do something !
tr	7	I couldn 't tell you , " he said in a subdued voice , and ran a hand through his hair .
tr	11	I told me mum I love you .
tr	10	" How are we going to get out of here ? "
tr	8	Mrs. Jones puts the cups on the front sofa table , and I took a seat smiling .
tr	9	Villagers went to and fro , going to their farms , fetching animals and plowing the earth .
tr	7	He gripped her hands and pulled her toward him .
tr	7	A waterfall , taller than the highest tower ; a lake , deeper than the deepest cavern .
tr	11	" It was either let my fair lady die , or let the church of Umbra burn . "
tr	11	" Was there something you wanted to tell me ? "
tr	11	Monique was laughing while Dave stood there looking smug .
tr	6	" Don 't ask , " he groaned , " she shot me down cold .
tr	10	Was she a captive living in the tribe of the Creeks as a slave ?
tr	8	The woman in no way resembled the figures depicted on the friezes .
tr	11	Andy spun round to see a huge green car sliding straight at him .
tr	10	" It looks like he contacted someone named Amanda Carter .
tr	9	On the days that David was gone , John could hook it up to his pony and move it by himself .
tr	6	And so , obligingly , the big man readied himself once more .
tr	5	Also , almost gone was the New Zealand Royal Navy .
tr	10	" Miriam has expressed her apologies , and I think we should accept them . "
tr	9	" How do you know anyone else is here ? "
tr	9	This is me rebelling , all badass with black eyeliner scrawled along each lid .
tr	5	" Hey , Hiroshima , " said Crystal Crier thoughtfully .
tr	9	I don 't suppose you know anything about the E ? "
tr	7	When did he tell you about that ? "
tr	8	Locked in his arms , she could feel the rumble in his chest when he spoke .
tr	8	Every piece of lingerie , small panties and bikini bottoms was in Ferrari red , as the company called it .
tr	7	The photographer shouted up at them in Portuguese and Tony shoved Frank gently to the left a few feet .
tr	9	Andy was halfway through the cup of tea when Archie came into the kitchen .
tr	11	I had taken Herb aside and asked , " Think they got a chance ? "
tr	8	As hard as she tried , her body refused to react properly .
tr	7	Inch by inch I moved upwards .
tr	9	At first , he had to remove many tangles but eventually her hair was straight and shining .
tr	10	Many of the captives watched as every act of defiance was met with extreme cruelty .
tr	7	His landlord stood a head taller than Manuel and had broad shoulders and thick , hairy forearms .
tr	10	" The High Shaykh , praise God , is better than he 's been in days .
tr	9	For the record , flying around this little dream world was starting to get terribly boring . "
tr	5	The once great room was now a narrow passageway .
tr	10	He was still some way out of her reach when she gave a yell and slithered straight into his arms .
tr	7	Like someone might try to plant a bullet in his chest .
tr	7	I 'll see you again , my sister .
tr	8	Too afraid to move , she never went outside for water or food , the risk too great to take .
tr	11	" I just don 't want to see you get hurt . "
tr	5	But not before she grabbed my ankle .
tr	9	Hilda had a little coin from her thieving adventures , enough for two nights at the inn .
tr	6	" He 's a fucking freak , " Rodney said in the huddle .
tr	6	She cleaned the other offices quickly , then disappeared down the hallway , towing her large trash can .
tr	11	I think he 's going to cry . "
tr	6	" William , old boy , sorry for the fright .
tr	9	The pillars that supported the balcony above the porch were carved into more figures .
tr	9	The molten copper followed the blast wave , into his skull and out the back of his head .
tr	10	Jimmy wasn 't willing to let the conversation with Josie end there .
tr	7	Something strange is tugging inside my chest .
tr	11	It won 't do to stay in the capital much longer , " said Jacob .
tr	6	They locked eyes again , and after a moment Leah nodded too .
tr	7	The mission was essentially at the end and I felt like a fifth wheel .
tr	10	I had seen corpses which looked more life-like .
tr	11	She was reexamining him quickly , glancing again at his wrists , his clothing , his bare feet .
tr	6	Raking up all these pine needles .
tr	8	The morning airs were not as warm as they had thought .
tr	7	The only outward sign of her distress was a slight trembling of her hands under her black , loose robe .
tr	7	Metal catwalks connected by steep rusty stairs circled the building on the top two floors .
tr	8	I just wanted to get this over with .
tr	11	Although I 'll learn to call ahead .
tr	9	As it was the most tiresome type of gossip , eventually he stopped listening altogether .
tr	5	" This isn 't a joke ! "
tr	9	He marched across the room towards me , grabbed my shoulders tightly , and jerked my body with each word .
tr	7	I still have memories from my first week after birth .
tr	11	" Don 't think you can talk to me like that ! "
tr	7	Not an ounce of fat had collected on her over the years .
tr	9	Smoke and the sour smell of gunpowder filled the air while empty cartridges clattered to the ground around me .
tr	9	" That is what you taught me , " Brand said .
tr	11	' But you don 't think they 've seen us leave ? '
tr	11	" I just want to leave you with a smile on your lips . "
tr	7	The Human Simulation project holds great promise for the world .
tr	11	The mountainous west stretches across the horizon yielding to the thick tree line across the southern boundary .
tr	8	Andy looked back over at his ruined clothes lying on the ground .
tr	5	With a big tearful grin , she laughed and wiped away a few stray tears .
tr	6	Even with all that , I still couldn 't even graze him at all .
tr	8	Claire had sat mute as her sister broke the news , her brain empty and cavernous .
tr	8	John 's heavies started to protest , but he held up a hand and no one said anything .
tr	7	Not moving his body , he slowly turned his head , searching the shadows .
tr	11	I remember observing a little girl in a supermarket knock cereal boxes off into the floor .
tr	7	she screamed , in a voice hardly human .
tr	7	" That 's very nice of you Sidney .
tr	6	Slam " Get it off , get it off , get it off ! "
tr	8	Grabbing a pullover , he dashed outside , still calling Neil 's name .
tr	8	Sweat broke out all over my body in a rush of heat .
tr	9	They were close enough that she could hear his breathing .
tr	6	What happened was not Lord Rafe 's fault . "
tr	9	Neela chose that moment to lean back in her saddle , unconsciously increasing her distance from him .
tr	7	Another man entered , and another , all connected by the same chains .
tr	8	" If no one comes for us , we 'll get out and back home on our own somehow . "
tr	7	Further up the road , Lucas smelled the freshly mowed lawn of the town green .
tr	6	The second we had finished , I heard father knock on the door .
tr	9	I turn them over and watch the veiny pink orbs lift to the surface of my palms .
tr	9	Yoshimura moved quickly to touch Falconer 's arm .
tr	6	Your word means everything to me . "
tr	7	He rolled down his window and addressed the security guard in the guard post to his left .
tr	8	Find out who infected the girl .
tr	10	If you choose to die later you still have the possibility of survival .
tr	9	You can get yourself elected easy .
tr	11	Marlon touched her hand and she didn 't flinch not so he 'd notice anyway .
tr	8	Downstairs , Tracy had put up the Christmas tree in the corner and the decoration boxes were on the coffee table .
tr	9	" And I 'm sorry I heard your conversation .
tr	6	White fluffy dress , little black shoes and a crooked birthday hat on her head .
tr	8	To be honest , I was a bit uncomfortable doting on about the affair .
tr	10	And then , with a sigh that was almost a moan , he realized he knew that he did .
tr	9	" I don 't want to discuss this any further .
tr	6	' Well , I overstepped the mark with Randy Earnshaw last night .
tr	11	He did say it was special issue .
tr	5	With one word , Jolie commanded my attention .
tr	7	Before that , he reasoned , there wasn 't much call for international civil aviation .
tr	6	" Not much to say , I 'm just a normal kid . "
tr	10	Taking a sighting from one of the end posts Gema turned east and began to push her way through the underbrush .
tr	11	We need to deal with the situation at hand first .
tr	10	Honestly , guys , you have more chance of mooching around there than here .
tr	9	She didn 't want to say too much .
tr	9	His face were filled with specks of blood , not of his but of the enemies .
tr	5	" Well , what I know , my wife and Randolph know .
tr	11	" Did you have to push me ?
tr	7	This is more fun anyway , all practical with very little theory .
tr	10	The girl stays , if it is what Sir Brand wishes . "
tr	7	" Open the doors -- my Mother has Summoned me . "
tr	7	Lonnie huffed and spit on the ground .
tr	10	I tried not to let it bother me .
tr	10	" Can you replay the ten seconds leading up to the failure of their shields ? "
tr	6	" Now , " he said , and just a simple word held authority .
tr	10	I was desperate to stop running .
tr	7	His guffaw rumbled up his throat , mocking her .
tr	8	I lie more than I should .
tr	8	He has neither the knowledge nor the experience to even attempt an understanding .
tr	10	Binky seemed to be waiting for something .
tr	7	" The man will be given last words .
tr	8	Andy couldn 't figure out how long it took .
tr	6	Josie took a step forward , toward Mark .
tr	7	Fatigue and shock had addled him , and he couldn 't put coherent thoughts together anymore .
tr	11	I wouldn 't know anything genetic or immunological if it bit me in the ass . '
tr	8	Taking the carriage , we rode through byways for hours in the general direction of city .
tr	7	The majority of workers stopped and focused suddenly on a single point .
tr	7	Austin was right on my heels with Sydney a few feet behind him .
tr	7	The bolts unlocked and the fat boss walked up to the door .
tr	7	Melody followed Ted out to the back alley , then latched the gate securely behind him .
tr	9	She pushed herself to go faster , smoother , cleaner .
tr	10	Taylor had never gotten over the butterflies in his stomach every time he started an aircraft engine .
tr	8	" I dare say he did .
tr	6	" Eda , can you hear ? "
tr	8	The soft light coming through the narrow window was reflected on the polished wood and it glowed with soft luminosity .
tr	6	Tara looked successful , attractive , and secure , in her sage green sweater and taupe pants .
tr	11	Lance places two fingers against his chin , saliva leaking from between his exposed teeth .
tr	11	Wake me if anything goes wrong or falls outside of these parameters . "
tr	11	" Well , what are they for , since you 're so clever ? "
tr	7	A thin woman , boney , with her hair black and long until the shoulders .
tr	9	Part 2 Chapter 18 Rust blooms across the sign pointing to Farewell , Colorado .
tr	7	The people looked up to him and along with their father he built up the estate and expanded the business .
tr	6	" The computer is on , but the monitor is off .
tr	9	You haven 't guzzled all our beers have you ?
tr	7	Gabe kicks off his shoes and throws his jeans on the floor .
tr	5	With supreme condescension , Premo replied , ' We can wait . '
tr	5	The door opens and closes .
tr	8	Riki scratched one knee in a bored manner .
tr	7	Spike , you can have this - ' He held out the cricket bat to an empty space .
tr	8	The sounds of Paris rushed around me , swirling into a crescendo .
tr	8	yelled Gerry Simon , unsure as to the reason followed suit by also calling out " MAGAZINE CHANGE ! "
tr	5	Winter , rain , roots , rats , wolves probably . "
tr	10	" I 'm going to make bread tomorrow , " Sarah said .
tr	11	At the time I couldn 't understand why he 'd picked on me .
tr	9	" He could hardly say anything else , since he probably engineered the whole thing . "
tr	8	I yanked the receiver out of my ear , closed my eyes and shut out the noise around me .
tr	8	Just stand with him for a while ... hold on to his halter . "
tr	8	" Come , come Beppe , you make me sound like a thief ! "
tr	8	Every couple of offices or so , they would kick in a door .
tr	7	" You look just like that Da Vinci drawing , " he said .
tr	9	He watched the fiery trail run slowly up the dune .
tr	11	She wished that she could have seen this place before the apocalypse .
tr	11	Tim handed Reggie a sheet of lined notebook paper with all too familiar topics written down .
tr	6	His eyes were two different colors , one pale green , and the other milky gray .
tr	8	I could hear General Tani coming down the hall .
tr	11	Percival expressed his own displeasure at getting his hooves wet when they disembarked .
tr	8	Upstairs , after Jayne had left , Katherine and Amy arranged to share her old room .
tr	9	He liked the sound of ' all those ' bit of junk .
tr	9	A moment later , David saw the worried expression leave the old man 's face .
tr	6	The curve of her arms outline the orb , a perfect sphere albeit a sliver .
tr	11	" Sure , " Sarah said and started looking threw a pile of notebooks .
tr	11	Images of him unmoving on his bed of pastries sneaked into my conscience .
tr	9	It seemed that he was also tired and sleepy as well .
tr	5	Because , unlike my original suit , this one still has an unused patch kit .
tr	10	" The fact is , Jen , we really don 't know what 's going on .
tr	10	Her eyes shone with adoration as she brought him closer and kissed him .
tr	5	No , he thought , that wasn 't particularly strange .
tr	7	" What else did you bring in that bag ? "
tr	6	He leaned forward and put his hands down .
tr	9	The ceiling had collapsed long ago , and the floor was devoid of pews or any other religious trappings .
tr	7	" I 'm protecting my family , " Sarah said , feeling stronger every second .
tr	8	" You 've said that already . "
tr	7	He did not know why .
tr	9	She quickly lost her trepidation to talk candidly .
tr	9	The words were out before she could stop them .
tr	11	Scott saw the blue backpack a few feet ahead of the animal and realized they had arrived at their destination .
tr	7	She sloshed some water around in her mouth and spit it out on the ground , then drank deeply .
tr	6	The two promptly turned and walked toward the exit .
tr	8	Even knowing the details behind the plot , it still caught me off guard .
tr	9	Ruth 's face resumed the colour of milk and her eyes dilated in horror .
tr	10	There was a large trunk at the foot of the bed that she intended to explore .
tr	10	He did a clever job of handling it alone .
tr	5	" Give us our keys . "
tr	5	" Well , we don 't , " replied the Joint Intelligence Committee chief .
tr	5	Old hands , young hands , male hands , female hands , dark hands , pale hands .
tr	10	" Well , there is one other thing that just occurred to me .
tr	9	" I didn 't say I was scared . "
tr	8	Time seems to speed up .
tr	6	The predicted answer , though , came as a startling condemnation .
tr	8	" Permission to come aboard ! "
tr	10	There was no point in going down that road , my girl .
tr	8	Always will the Truth be on my lips -- soon that will be my oath , too .
tr	9	She emitted a soft growl , received one back from the bear .
tr	6	His eyes were oddly familiar , his lips tinted scarlet as if stained with blood .
tr	10	To them those tales are now only legends , myths now not to be believed .
tr	5	" Of course , " he answered .
tr	8	Though maybe they did it out of fear most times , she sensed a genuine respect toward him .
tr	5	They 're a rough bunch and dirt dog mean . "
tr	10	They did expect him to come .
tr	8	It 's obvious that the strike was both professional , surgical and required inside information . "
tr	8	Destro picked up his sword and winced at the pain it caused to grip it .
tr	7	" Know what I mean ?
tr	8	I arrived to the reception , and for my relief was no one there except the young receptionist .
tr	7	He saw a few brief flashes through his eyelids and then darkness , just before losing consciousness .
tr	7	But the more he unraveled the strings , the more easily they seemed to tangle in his mind .
tr	10	' I 'm glad to hear it , ' I said wryly .
tr	9	He needed help , truth be told .
tr	9	You get results but the world seems to be a changing place .
tr	8	The bear rose up on his hind legs and shook his head as he growled .
tr	8	Soon , snow would lie on their boughs , but for now , the land was green .
tr	8	It seems the rumors were not far off . "
tr	8	" It has become a part of me , like an arm or a leg . "
tr	6	Unlike Chewy , her eyes were normally large , mysterious and alluring in their chestnut hue .
tr	9	Even more unusual , he looked less like an aging priest and more like a retired army officer .
tr	8	Low groans rose from the front of the car .
tr	6	It didn 't take long . "
tr	6	Your brother 's life is on the line . "
tr	6	.95 percent , we are off and out of here ! "
tr	8	He had to find a shorter route .
tr	5	No sound , no activity , and again , no distinctive smell .
tr	11	Joe continued without waiting for her to respond .
tr	8	" I have heard nothing of this . "
tr	11	Now I wanted to see how fast he could go .
tr	9	In a fluid , single action , he threw out a hand , striking Ward across the face .
tr	11	" You be the first to strike the cloth in quite some time . "
tr	7	Everyone else took places at the table and the servants came in immediately with the first course .
tr	8	" Thank you for your time , professor , " the student said politely .
tr	9	Ted put two fingers in the corners of his mouth and gave a sharp whistle .
tr	10	She pulled him closer , feeling the hot flush of her friend 's face .
tr	5	Some people waited , some walked , some worked , some didn 't .
tr	8	A lonely dog barked , seeking attention from the Captain .
tr	10	I had to let you live your life .
tr	7	Many of those present did not share the General 's disregard for their fellow Officer 's .
tr	8	Is your displeasure such that you will not help me ? "
tr	9	I just wish the kiss had lasted longer . "
tr	10	You 're scared because of what COULD have happened .
tr	11	Frank had seen enough and wanted to get below to the CIC before the next phase began .
tr	8	' We 'll take the north lab , ' he said , pointing to his men .
tr	10	The rocks broke away and the sky opened up , bright and blue with only spotty clouds in a high sky .
tr	5	But for such a gargantuan room , there was little floor .
tr	6	Instead she stood , numb and defeated , and let the tears fall .
tr	6	" Please go , Man Wolf , " said the little girl , her pale cheeks coloring .
tr	7	Josie pushed the fries closer to Mark .
tr	9	Cade 's easy smile faded when she did not return it .
tr	10	He was making sure the operation runs smoothly .
tr	11	I heard grandpa holler that he would get it .
tr	10	She 'd been surprised at Conor 's choice of restaurant when she 'd arrived .
tr	6	His skin was now pale white , his dark eyes fixed and open , staring into space .
tr	9	He was starting to give up .
tr	10	" Not yet ... Too bad we are not actually learning to fly airplanes .
tr	8	There were twelve of them , and they were level with the cliff .
tr	11	It was a tradeoff he was willing to make -- for now .
tr	11	He said , " Let Jackson come alone but he will be required to surrender his side arm . "
tr	8	The Sun Spirit was high in the sky , and they stopped at a stream for water .
tr	10	I got ta get to work .
tr	11	Hailey knew she had to do even more to distract him .
tr	9	" Can you go bring Dan over here and let 's check him out ? "
tr	6	The fatigue overcame her ; without changing clothes , she just fell asleep .
tr	11	Long ago Adele had decided that Lord Rafe must be a rather shy man .
tr	5	" Too right you don 't , " sneered an officer .
tr	9	" Why ... How did you come to be here ? "
tr	9	It 's gone to shit here .
tr	7	" His Majesty the king thanks you and will send payment later .
tr	9	He never really liked it but it got him out of the house .
tr	10	There was no response so he knocked again , this time a lot harder .
tr	6	" That was a near thing , " he whispered .
tr	7	" Just kidding , " he said , grinning sheepishly .
tr	7	More like go back and report .
tr	9	With a start , he wondered if he should use the past tense .
tr	5	How long has it been ? "
tr	8	There were several families , though , where the unacknowledged control was a woman .
tr	8	The man suddenly draw the sword out as if it was just nothing .
tr	9	" Laird Destro shares your concern and as such , he is withholding any information concerning her whereabouts . "
tr	9	The soldier 's eyes flickered to Finan for a moment , filled with hesitant worry .
tr	6	But , as the saying went , the third try brings either gold or death .
tr	6	And her breath was short and sharp , her chest punching out quick and tight against her white work shirt .
tr	7	" Noon , " he said , and then he glanced at his wrist , at his nonexistent watch .
tr	10	We 've all been eager to hear the news . "
tr	9	Hearing nothing , he decided to proceed with his plan .
tr	7	Lady Beatrice dipped her hand inside her clothes again , and this time she held out a white envelope .
tr	7	J. Clinch Ramsay , the owner of the seventy - foot yacht , is a former ambassador and philanthropist .
tr	9	After a few hundred yards she turned right onto West Street and pulled into the forecourt of a pub .
tr	9	" Still perfect exit , " said ground " beautiful , as good as your first flight .
tr	8	It took us seven days to reach them .
tr	7	The fair-haired chap was fresher than the policeman , however , and the latter was slowing down .
tr	7	When the earth became flooded , Noah , his family and the animals were all saved .
tr	7	Following an emotional farewell with Katherine , Barbara and Amy travelled to John 's office near Kings Cross .
tr	7	Maybe it has something for me .
tr	11	6 Most people set alarms to help them wake up .
tr	11	Ill omens to be sure , and with them comes no perspective of time .
tr	6	What kind of brother am I ?
tr	7	If they find that runner they 'll call it the same thing . "
tr	9	He wanted to let out an oppressed giggle , but instead stared blankly at Billy .
tr	6	At that first touch , my whole body shuddered , and I arched my head back .
tr	5	Has there been a solar flare or something recently ?
tr	9	I thought you would like them . "
tr	10	Then why did he have to hide behind such a complicated and ornate disguise ? "
tr	9	Your relationship is outside of this business with Alfred .
tr	8	You can buy some crazy toys in Second Life .
tr	9	He spent an hour or so sitting on his parents ' neatly made bed .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	10	His muscles rippled in the moonlight and his gold necklace glinted against his tanned skin .
tr	9	I think we met in college .
tr	9	" The same way it works when you operate with NATO .
tr	9	Sarah smiled into her mug of tea so he wouldn 't see her amusement .
tr	6	I touched the bruise softly and she smiled just the tiniest bit .
tr	7	The other hand tangled in her hair , he breathed her in like a drowning man .
tr	8	" What can you tell me about it , T ? "
tr	10	" Lighten up cranky , what 's eating you ?
tr	11	The smile is slow to come to his face , but when it lands , it stretches wide .
tr	11	Ricky yelled excitedly as he started to run down range .
tr	9	Inhaling deeply she looked up at the newcomer and forced her cheeks to raise a slight smile .
tr	8	He had the attention of the other three now , they were leaning back in their chairs listening .
tr	7	" And you can speak with him .
tr	7	A pigeon locked in for the night after the evening service .
tr	6	In a dead man 's eye you 'll get your damn fiddle back !
tr	10	A book she 'd picked up in a hostel came to mind .
tr	7	" Things are coming to a head . "
tr	7	" The army is coming apart right now and is vulnerable .
tr	10	" I wish I could tell you , but that would only put you in danger . "
tr	6	" Happened after ... after ... " He broke off and left the sentence unfinished .
tr	6	Stop promoting ethanol made from food crops .
tr	8	Maybe she is in the mood for a few questions .
tr	9	" I found this taped to the door . "
tr	8	They had a chance , as they saw matters .
tr	10	They stood there with their hands in their pockets trying not to laugh anymore .
tr	6	" Or perhaps they 're just over there at the next table . "
tr	6	" The quarter by the western gate ! "
tr	8	" Gorn said to input the code directly into one of the Trojans . "
tr	11	Come and see something we found on the cliff wall . "
tr	7	Of course she 's right , I don 't fit in this world .
tr	11	That 's to ensure you can 't escape .
tr	8	There wasn 't any Liquid Light or any other illegal substance for that matter , in the sample .
tr	9	Chase transfer some of his remaining strength on her .
tr	7	When he squeezed the shot away , black powder , still burning , jetted up and sprayed his black forehead .
tr	8	Gabe pitches his voice high and leans across the seat , shouldering his brother .
tr	11	But the Prince didn 't stop to engage any of them .
tr	10	Lizzie sat , breathing deep , heart pumping hard .
tr	9	" Come on , let 's go get Peter and give him a proper burial . "
tr	5	In this instance , the decoy ruse had worked .
tr	7	We have a track meet and a soccer game tomorrow . "
tr	5	" Well , I mean , I use the term ' girlfriend ' loosely . "
tr	6	" No , it may not be , but it 's still a choice .
tr	6	~ ~ ~ Six nights later , they sat in rattan chairs on the verandah .
tr	7	Suddenly , a purple creature with haunting , green eyes emerges from the shallow stream .
tr	5	" On the news - " " Don 't watch the news , Betsy .
tr	7	" Do you know something ? "
tr	11	Bethany shivered and burned with fever and Nathan feared she wouldn 't make it through another night outdoors .
tr	8	What would happen to her without him ?
tr	9	They got out , and the truck drove in , passed them and disappeared over the crest of the hill .
tr	9	They were deep pools of violet , drawing him in and locking his gaze to hers .
tr	9	" Because it 's fun and I 'm hoping you 'll guess the truth . "
tr	11	Seconds later , we were on the wooden steps that led to the rear porch .
tr	8	Finding no door , only a large archway , Rift apprehensively steps through , baffled when his senses are fundamentally restarted .
tr	11	Alan hated those currently in power and was desperate to see them defeated .
tr	11	But she did want to understand them .
tr	11	Come to say you 're sorry ? "
tr	10	She didn 't want to make him suffer .
tr	8	I found myself beside the console and the being reappeared at the other side of the room .
tr	10	" One less heir of Longinus to contend with . "
tr	11	Now he was talking about details , which were apparently true .
tr	8	Now that did wake him up .
tr	9	Now in his sixties , he was by far the oldest anchor still on HV .
tr	8	More than the screwdriver on her neck , the waves of claustrophobia nearly made her panic .
tr	10	He still expected the police to arrest him at any moment .
tr	8	" Are you familiar with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ? "
tr	7	' Help 's on the way , ' he said after he disconnected .
tr	6	At his far left he saw the support teams in place .
tr	7	The tone of his voice and the expression on his face continued to change .
tr	9	He hadn 't thought about her since waking up here .
tr	9	The Prince repaid them in kind , keeping to himself and his own thoughts .
tr	10	Do you use anything I taught you ? "
tr	8	It was some kind of homemade alcohol and burned all the way down her throat .
tr	10	Who would know I was there ?
tr	6	' Well done , ' said Roman with a broad smile .
tr	8	" If you go back it 'll be all over the news .
tr	6	The Red Queen called , " Welcome , Your Highness , to my humble abode .
tr	9	I decided to confide in him .
tr	10	You will stay here until you will be better .
tr	9	Apparently other people were becoming aware of the necessities of this life , as well .
tr	9	" I 'll bet you would too darlin ' . "
tr	9	" Only if you try and hug me , " Mark said , turning and walking toward the truck again .
tr	6	" It worked , " Jim grinned , " Didn 't it ? "
tr	11	I 've spent more time with Robert this past week than I have in a decade .
tr	9	Need to look at him .
tr	10	I think there is a fax in the lab truck .
tr	8	Once inside , Claudio rode in the shadow of the towering apartment blocks .
tr	10	Reid studied me for several seconds before pulling a packet of cigarettes out of his pocket .
tr	7	All of a sudden , Adams stops and holds up his fist , halting his two soldiers .
tr	10	He 'd be over 250 years old now , it 's got ta be a coincidence , " Rick decided .
tr	11	he asked , his blood coursing as the idea lodged firmly in his mind .
tr	10	Enrico kept his eyes cast down , not meeting her angry stare .
tr	7	I followed and looked , seeing nothing .
tr	10	" The assassination you mean , " the girl muttered , though there was no heat in it .
tr	11	" I wonder what the archaeologists are going to think .
tr	11	She seemed to be under the impression that this cohabitation was a permanent arrangement .
tr	6	Mana started up the stairs , and Miriam followed unwillingly .
tr	10	He was hard to see against the gray underbrush .
tr	7	" Abby , do not throw rocks on me .
tr	9	" What am I going to look like ? "
tr	7	Our appetites gone , I made to stand .
tr	8	' I want you to leave right now .
tr	11	She will rest within the idol and never be harmed by the unclean hands of the humans .
tr	6	A few moments later , the one room of the cottage glowed warmly from the kerosene lantern .
tr	8	They knew what was coming .
tr	10	Because of the storm , it would help to have some extra muscle , but he was the captain .
tr	11	I 'm going to be needed at the drop station after all . "
tr	7	The stranger with the well-suited winter jacket and the interesting eyes didn 't look at her .
tr	8	You will not try something foolish and get yourself killed .
tr	9	Kurt knew he couldn 't avoid his father forever .
tr	8	All the girls were standing silently on the stone floor , staring , mouths agape .
tr	11	Quite proud of their labor they decided to take a quick nap before heading back .
tr	6	The Flying Boat Inn wasn 't a crazy place , not like the Greyhound , it was steady .
tr	7	A sigh left his lips and he removed a notepad from his rear pocket .
tr	10	" So , we 're just going to leave him in my walk-in ? "
tr	8	For the next hour they talked about what they did .
tr	9	Melody unfolded the scrap of paper to find a note from Ted .
tr	8	He looked wildly from one to the other of them .
tr	7	The compliment warmed my heart and I thanked him for the praise .
tr	7	More shots rang out , a staccato beat that cut into the wall less than an inch from Alex 's head .
tr	9	Once he jumped off , he ignored the workers yelling at him for trespassing and waved down a taxi .
tr	8	Abby looked at her and said joyfully : " You have a beautiful home . "
tr	8	" You ever see the batteries run out on a clipboard ? "
tr	8	Scott looked into the three barrels as he gained a deep frown .
tr	7	The piece was simply entitled " Quarry . "
tr	8	They could see the dark blot of a vehicle coming close to a defile on the other side .
tr	10	Mai is forced to instruct , their sudden change in strategy leaving no room for evasion .
tr	8	Glad I did too , " he added smiling at her frown .
tr	5	" Slumber party then ? "
tr	9	The color drained from Ainsworth 's face as he glanced around the room .
tr	7	The term ' Guest Suite ' paints a picture of glamour and indulgence .
tr	9	And her dream continued where it had left off .
tr	11	Ye can try it out on that machine you bought for him . "
tr	6	His head dipped down , full lips and sexy beauty mark at the corner dangerously close .
tr	5	Alex Yates , Ty Fuller , and Conrad Kennedy . "
tr	8	Your spine was whipped around pretty badly , but luckily you didn 't suffer anything more than a few bruised vertebra .
tr	8	She heaved , taking several deep breaths with relief .
tr	8	" I don 't think you give him enough credit .
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	9	There is another thing you should all know . "
tr	11	I shuddered upon thinking what made them .
tr	10	Do what is best for your country .
tr	9	They pressed harder against the wall , trying to disappear .
tr	10	There , frozen standing up and leaning against a large tree trunk , were the bodies of two grown men .
tr	6	She missed the city , missed the cultural entertainments , the bustle and character , the Puget Sound and the ships .
tr	9	" You can 't put that in port side , " John said .
tr	9	The Prince watched as she deftly unrolled a large , detailed map across the table .
tr	8	She didn 't cry , her face remaining expressionless staring out of the window .
tr	8	Her leathery wings spread wide lazily , seeming to envelope the entire room .
tr	9	" George I assume your people have located all the Irishmen ? "
tr	6	- William B. Travis Early November , 1835 General Austin awoke with a start .
tr	8	" Can you slide up my shirt , and put her facedown on my belly ? "
tr	6	" Your first activity this morning will be archery practice . "
tr	11	I 'll have to call in and book this week as holiday .
tr	9	" How to act different with you , when you aren 't saying a damn word to me ?
tr	10	Not if your Dad decides to be sensible and plays along .
tr	8	The young Hawk ineptly raced around the orchard each morning , so far causing no harm .
tr	7	probably why I joined the SAS .
tr	8	she bellowed and began to cry .
tr	6	The Prince 's mind flashed back to the Death Watch soldier in the mountains .
tr	7	Bradley said , and he and Megan sneaked out of the house through the front door .
tr	7	Everybody should be in position by now .
tr	10	I called , noting a gargoyle staring down at us .
tr	8	She knew what was coming .
tr	5	" Nobody 's home yet , Kaylie ! "
tr	8	Keno also had several lighter spots and he was the fastest and most obedient of the four horses .
tr	6	" Mr. Greene , Mr. Robinson , and Mr. Graves , you are with me .
tr	6	You made it , " Olivia 's co-worker , Bridget , shouted at her , obviously already a few drinks in .
tr	10	Then he saw her gaze turn self conscious and embarrassment flooded her face with colour .
tr	6	And of these mortals , almost all were escaped slaves .
tr	9	We have to get to safety .
tr	10	When he finally charged , it was with the intention of finishing this fight quickly .
tr	9	Holding the rank of major , his father was not high enough up the chain of command to bend the rules .
tr	7	You never take the subtle approach to anything , do you ? "
tr	7	She climbed to her feet and batted Jimmy 's hand away .
tr	9	She knows how to protect them .
tr	6	" What 's in the lockers ? "
tr	9	This was his chance , the time to run .
tr	7	" The sickness has taken you , " Brand said .
tr	7	Frey ran his coarse woodsman 's fingers across Kai 's arms .
tr	7	I looked away from his piercing gaze and shifted uneasily in my seat .
tr	9	He proceeds to Dock Six , taking the small personnel entrance and walking into the large cavernous dock .
tr	8	I tried to pull away .
tr	10	Do you feel better for the sleep ? "
tr	6	I wave the package at him .
tr	6	Around the desk were the essentials , a communication post , a gun rack , a food processor and a bed .
tr	6	All of it looked so shabby in the small , square living room with its royal blue carpet and lace curtains .
tr	11	Sam caught enough fish for a good meal ; we splurged firing up the generator to run the electric stove .
tr	7	" You are right , " she declared , " Come and take him but please let me go . "
tr	8	Lucas stopped in about this time every day to catch a few minutes .
tr	6	The crowd swirled around her .
tr	10	A total of 135 minutes of flying time will be required per C-5 flight for a launch . "
tr	6	Anna 's eyebrows shot up to her hairline .
tr	10	She didn 't want to be having this conversation .
tr	6	" And stay away from the water ! "
tr	10	Susan lowered her voice hoping Jacobs wouldn 't hear .
tr	10	The song reaches all through me , echoing in weird ways inside my head until Gabe speaks again .
tr	9	" I am afraid so " replied Simon , matching the disappointment visible in her eyes .
tr	9	" I might need it to hide the bump ! "
tr	10	" It took me years to find her , she was seven before I did . "
tr	9	I almost got killed , but yeah , " Tori said .
tr	7	But Parson Lucifer just frowned at me like a disappointed uncle .
tr	10	She refused to start crying again .
tr	7	So with some trepidation he asked : " Are you all here ? "
tr	7	Civility and courtesy , even their shallow displays , were important , maybe now more than ever .
tr	6	And there was a big jug of milk , only half drunk , by the bed .
tr	11	In fact , I 'd really appreciate it if you could help me over there . "
tr	8	" Abby , my best and best and best and best friend . "
tr	6	The bear and coyote are with her .
tr	6	The green light from the rudimentary skylights wasn 't much help either .
tr	7	This is a relief ... " A low chuckle ran around the table .
tr	11	For another , she wasn 't sure she wanted to know .
tr	10	It was syrup that had been dyed .
tr	9	Thank goodness that was over .
tr	10	They waved her off with as much enthusiasm as she had ever seen them exhibit .
tr	9	Suddenly Sven 's eyes glinted with wonder , and a little bit of greed .
tr	8	I asked Kurt about it , but he dodged the conversation and quickly led me back inside .
tr	6	He sipped his coffee , his eyes still on mine .
tr	9	" Someone who didn 't think forty thousand dollars was worth the trouble . "
tr	10	I hated having to let him down .
tr	8	There was some caterwauling from one or two of the kids , but eventually the fisherman returned with four buckets .
tr	10	Read on for a short sneak peek at the next book in this series : In Winter 's Keeping .
tr	7	' She was pregnant ' and ' They are watching you . '
tr	6	During the ride , they asked her again and again for her name .
tr	6	" I heard too many unknown things in there .
tr	7	" There are three horses in there ! "
tr	7	" You and your men will make a welcome addition to our force . "
tr	5	After a couple hundred feet , they stopped and crouched .
tr	7	" I didn 't see any from the crag , though . "
tr	10	While Dr. Warner worked to repair the damaged spleen , Dr. Stadler answered Nurse Edward 's question .
tr	9	The subjects I have applied for are Computing and Computer Science , and Aerospace Engineering . "
tr	7	" I am certain of it . "
tr	11	" For the love of God , Jack , get him fired before he releases his budget numbers .
tr	7	He took a few seconds to steady his erratic breathing and then rapped aggressively on the oak door .
tr	6	' You need new ones , ' I replied .
tr	7	And in the midst of that plain rose the walls and towers of a city .
tr	7	I felt someone gently shaking my shoulder .
tr	10	" Why is this the first time I 'm seeing it ?
tr	8	The gun blasts echoed around the stone walls of the water duct .
tr	10	Unfortunately for Simon , Signor Beppe sat quietly looking back without a hint of an expression .
tr	11	She felt as though the inside of her lids had been filled with fine sand .
tr	8	" You think it 's funny ?
tr	10	Anyway , we 've got to get the gear back to the flat first . '
tr	11	I turn to see who 's calling .
tr	11	And that he didn 't know how far below the surface they were .
tr	6	" You called me old first ! "
tr	6	" Look at this ! "
tr	8	Lance is almost reduced to hamburger meat but his lightning attack quickly converts to a lightning shield .
tr	5	Even without the hide , the man suggested wildness .
tr	11	he replied neutrally , knowing his son recorded all of their conversations .
tr	11	Spinning round they saw John striding towards them magnificently suited .
tr	5	His bike looked naked now , unloved and forlorn .
tr	7	I can kick my feet , and I can move my arms .
tr	5	" Now , now , " says Steve , " first , under the bridge .
tr	10	Sami stumbled to his bare feet , barely aware of the sensation of his soles on the burning pavement .
tr	10	' But first , we have to consider the small matter of logistics . '
tr	6	" She 's in the big shed . "
tr	10	Although he did have visitors on rare occasions , most were considered odd as well .
tr	6	I flashed in and out of awareness .
tr	11	" It is an honour to meet the mother of such a great boy ! "
tr	5	" Hell , yes , I will , " Ryder snapped right back .
tr	7	" Remember I 'm a consultant now , " said George laughing , " so consult ! "
tr	8	' None of you stand a chance against Thorne , ' I interrupted bluntly .
tr	6	Then he said , " I 'll eat , then I must go . "
tr	7	he smiled at her and she returned the smile .
tr	8	There weren 't any forks in the path , and she had a strange feeling about something up ahead .
tr	5	" And what about the prisoner ? "
tr	9	With one finger he rubbed the mark and then brought it close to his nose .
tr	9	" Blue Team you are good to go , " said the Captain quietly into his throat mike .
tr	10	I was looking forward to talking with him throughout the week .
tr	6	" Er - " " Yeah , it 's always the same , " said Reg Shoe bitterly .
tr	9	Taylor shouted after her , " Wait up , where are you going ? "
tr	10	A demo worthy of the Little Spirit I saw recently .
tr	10	For wanting to keep me .
tr	11	Malcolm thickened his accent and branched off into the subtleties of shadowing techniques .
tr	7	Suddenly a massive stroke of power fires down from the ceiling and strikes Commander Kraken .
tr	9	" And give me a couple of days and I 'll be back here .
tr	7	For a long moment she stared at him , almost counting the words .
tr	6	Lilly Ann interrupted him with an impatient gesture .
tr	6	Often they were the only effective protection from outside raider attacks .
tr	9	She asks , brushing a loose strand of hair out of his face .
tr	8	It is called " Blade " and is the flagship of the dragon fleet .
tr	8	That 's all I have .
tr	7	" Were you following me this morning ? "
tr	8	I needed to be free !
tr	9	What he couldn 't reconcile in his own mind was the revenue .
tr	6	" I mean , yeah , you saved his life and we 're all grateful , really .
tr	9	Or he could drag Adele and Eda awake and make a run for the horses .
tr	9	He clenched the ' key ' in his hand as his stomach churned in fear .
tr	6	Even through her mask , she smelled woodsy cigar smoke , leather and freshly polished oak .
tr	9	Helen 's keyboard clattered in the background as she checked Kurt 's records .
tr	8	" Then go and make a strong pot of tea .
tr	10	That was his own stupidity , but it was no use in fighting it .
tr	8	However , you can get away with it now and again and I really needed the calorie infusion .
tr	7	" I do not see anyone , " one said , " they must have run off . "
tr	6	" The command came from the host . "
tr	6	I wandered back and forth in the dark common room .
tr	10	If he thought something was cool then he got it .
tr	9	" Did you or did you not bring candy into the Louvre ? "
tr	11	' You can 't undo what 's been done , ' he said quietly .
tr	8	They shook hands and Mr Tasker wished Archie good luck .
tr	8	This villain was droning on about our vexing escape .
tr	8	Back in the venue , just as Raphael took his first step to the bar he saw Christine heading backstage .
tr	7	Finally , I reached behind the panel and pulled out a large , flat , rectangular grey package .
tr	7	Mike held up his hands for quiet and spoke solemnly .
tr	9	I need to get to headquarters .
tr	9	He aimed a kick at the dark one and left , still chuckling .
tr	9	Two days later , another storm hit us and once again , we had to abandon the ship .
tr	10	" Yes , but I fear we 'll have to travel much further in the near future .
tr	9	I looked to where he directed the torch beam .
tr	8	" Giorgio , do you still rent your room upstairs ? "
tr	5	Ten seconds later , the lights came back on .
tr	6	Not when , you know , when he and Riki have become such good friends ! "
tr	9	Finan looked a little abashed that she had heard his whispered comments .
tr	11	The leader could be determined by seniority in the organization , but that had its own pitfalls .
tr	8	I 'm OK with it ... no worries . "
tr	9	He remained undecided for a moment longer and then suddenly strode after her .
tr	9	" Your friends will be back after I leave , " said Wolf Eyes .
tr	11	Anyway , who the hell would want to trust the UN to protect them ? "
tr	11	Then when they don 't get the food they want , they get aggressive .
tr	5	Good luck , Joe give it your best shot . "
tr	11	" My honour is at stake and you think I could care anything for your penitence ? "
tr	10	Ali blocked out the mocking words his own mind threw at him .
tr	8	He unlocked his chair and rolled out , heading toward his computer room .
tr	7	" I am twenty years a Shaykh , and you are barely a Dervish , girl .
tr	11	Though he dreaded the thought , he knew he had to let go .
tr	7	This actually gave Nathan pause .
tr	5	" It 's still a jungle .
tr	8	The Turkish soldiers had dug extensive tunnels under the city 's walls during the Ottoman siege .
tr	9	We saw the whole set but I had to leave immediately afterwards .
tr	11	This only proves that I 'm being undermined from within .
tr	11	I take it the main requirements will be medical rather than clothing ? '
tr	9	Josie had grown up almost part of Jimmy 's family after her dad died .
tr	11	" I thought you wanted to head south .
tr	9	It felt as stable as a deckchair when she put her weight on it .
tr	11	This man had the daunting task of collecting all the intelligence reports and providing the information to Ethan .
tr	9	Hailey grasped the wooden slate in front of her and began to climb .
tr	9	Do you need such a reminder ? "
tr	10	It seemed as though she must be asleep , and maybe she was , but there were tears on her cheeks .
tr	7	Here is where your pledge ends .
tr	10	" I need it , " she reveals , quickly deciding to alter her wording .
tr	6	Captain Colors and his people are flying them back here now .
tr	11	You will remember that I offered her my hand and heart before you did .
tr	8	" I 'm part American , part British and I love showing off .
tr	6	After an endless flight and at least an hour drive , we turned off onto a dirt road .
tr	9	grey weather , grey buildings , grey people even her mood was grey .
tr	7	Brendan looked back at the ground and rubbed his perspiring hands against his pant leg .
tr	6	" Not yet , " he promised , " First just kick -- like this . "
tr	11	Repeated attempts to make it move elicited only clicks from the motor .
tr	9	None rushed to see the disturbance , so after long moments of terror , I slipped back upwards .
tr	6	I grab a dirty steak knife from the dining room table , nodding and grinning .
tr	9	He had to let Zoe go .
tr	9	Well , we all had to laugh at that .
tr	8	The rounds available for the weapon are voice-activated and include a variety of specialty munitions .
tr	8	I bowed gracefully , maintaining eye contact throughout the entire movement .
tr	6	' Dog , ' Anna stated firmly over her shoulder .
tr	9	On the way back to camp he reflected that Shara was learning well .
tr	8	I tried the door handle ; it twisted easily in my grip .
tr	5	" That works , " Adam agreed , " Very well .
tr	8	The Prince and the girl , side by side , hurtled forward , taking the guards by surprise .
tr	6	Maybe not right away , but eventually you will want -- and need -- another man in your life .
tr	9	they might not have done a runner , they could cause us a lot of trouble " .
tr	10	Grasping the small , circular bit of metal , Ganondorf cannot seem to concentrate his thoughts into meaningful interpretations .
tr	9	Reaper was positioned immediately behind Llama , with another group of Highlanders .
tr	7	Do you grow them separately for dairy and for meat ?
tr	7	And I wasn 't even a real spy , just a determined teenager .
tr	7	" Oh , no , " Cera retorted sarcastically , " getting stabbed was just peachy , Cady .
tr	5	" A few days , " Lilly Ann answered vaguely .
tr	7	" How about leaving her alone ? "
tr	6	One moment the counter was clear , the next your package was on it . "
tr	9	She smiles to herself with satisfaction , while executing a brief celebratory arm pump .
tr	11	Nothing , I already felt how my tears wanted to come out .
tr	8	at first I hated shoes and took them off every chance I had .
tr	7	From now on , Ryan told the team , life would only get harder for his mission .
tr	10	" Our parents always returned the container if someone gave us food in one . "
tr	5	The lamp 's ghostly light illuminated a stark , daunting hallway .
tr	5	But for everybody else , it 's just a kickass Halloween bash . "
tr	10	John hoped that Terry and Mal had accomplished their task on the far side .
tr	10	I don 't even know how to fire this thing . "
tr	9	Andy could see Archie was shaken .
tr	8	Claire inhaled , put one foot on the plank , then another .
tr	8	" As part of such a system , are we to pay tribute ? "
tr	8	Perhaps , if he kept running ... A blue spear of lightning flashed in the distance .
tr	7	Well , she had also been avoiding him .
tr	7	Miriam was guided out of the room .
tr	7	The rest of the house was decorated in pale pastels .
tr	6	Not only for you , but for him , " she inclined her head toward the trees .
tr	9	" And do not swallow your food without chewing , " Mana continued .
tr	6	" I didn 't ... I mean -- " " And no disappearing . "
tr	7	Teddy meanwhile followed Beau along in the plane , ignoring the taxiway .
tr	7	Before she opened the door she had her knife in her hand .
tr	6	Alex finally declared and grabbed her phone .
tr	9	If there was one , there were likely to be more .
tr	5	" Come here , Jackson .
tr	9	' And If I asked Danny about ze kitchen 's state ? '
tr	8	He is polite but there is a strangeness about him .
tr	11	Shed seen them whispering and laughing as they got on the bus .
tr	9	When I looked at it , his fingerprint dent was still showing on the coast of Morocco .
tr	7	Perhaps a light lunch and a good bottle of wine would settle his nerves .
tr	9	I felt Father rise behind me .
tr	6	" ' And now it 's just me , ' the old man smiled at my mother .
tr	9	The lackadaisical hunt for the surviving Devils broke off , and those troopers galloped to join the main body .
tr	7	She bent down and with two quick crunches , deftly separated the crab from its claws .
tr	9	So for today I 'm just going to use beginner skills .
tr	11	That was easier said than done .
tr	7	He gazed steadily at the FBI chief and the Frenchman .
tr	7	No blindfold for him , Chris saw .
tr	10	What do you say to your cousin before going into combat ?
tr	7	Riki rocked back on her heels and considered her map .
tr	8	We 'd spied on Peyton together and searched Aimee 's apartment .
tr	9	Quick , soft glances when she thought no one else was looking .
tr	10	" Then what do you intend to do ? "
tr	9	Reggie suspected things would eventually get much worse .
tr	11	' Price thinks one of his employees has been playing with the numbers .
tr	7	she asked full of energy .
tr	6	Each of the section followed with JD interchanging places with his lead man .
tr	7	Adults , old people and children were crammed in together like sardines .
tr	6	The old man 's crooked teeth made an appearance , and the wrinkles swallowed his face .
tr	11	This is where you are meant to go .
tr	10	The great arc of the pier gleamed dully in the mist that filled the harbor .
tr	8	The Old Wizard paused , glanced back at Sofia who listened in silence .
tr	9	They all had to do difficult things in this new life .
tr	5	Courtney Cole 26 With My Last Breath , Book Three Merlin smiled .
tr	7	" Well , Mr. Greene , they are plentiful now and they make for a splendid stew .
tr	11	He is the kind who was not that easy to surprise .
tr	11	He decided to keep holding her hands and keep his eyes open .
tr	6	* * * Herr 'D on mustered his armies , but the advancing shadow was swift .
tr	6	Just then , they heard another shout from above .
tr	7	She closed her eyes in exhaustion and held her hands to her face .
tr	8	" You 're sure about this , holy man ?
tr	5	" Morning Miss Jennie , you 're up and about bright and early ! "
tr	8	A few strands of climbing web dangled from the walls .
tr	5	" Yeah , but that 's the trick isn 't it ?
tr	7	" Look , she 's breathing , isn 't she ? "
tr	10	his mate said nodding in the direction of Andy and Archie .
tr	6	In those days , Mark wore green Army fatigues , clean and pressed .
tr	11	" I take it they 're as disreputable as they look ? "
tr	7	Let 's check out who our neighbors are . "
tr	11	He paused , allowing the information to sink in .
tr	9	" If he has left without word we must also leave .
tr	8	This will be her warning -- I am a fair man , I will warn her .
tr	6	' OK , ' I said , ' we don 't like Sonny . '
tr	7	Before their marriage her mother had been called an " ice queen . "
tr	8	" I threatened to turn him in .
tr	11	Embarrassed , he tried to pretend that everything was still okay .
tr	7	With a sigh , he walked up to the door and reached out for the handle .
tr	10	We have to believe we will .
tr	11	They pinned his arms behind him and dragged him toward a support beam in the center of the room .
tr	11	" Were you ever worried that you 'd get addicted to it ?
tr	5	" Nope , it 's just me . "
tr	9	His father had told him about this type of tactic before .
tr	11	" You ... you are not hoping to make her into a woman ?
tr	7	The late summer sun dyed the wall red behind them , and the light hit the dark curls .
tr	8	Except maybe the idiots who let the ship get all the way from the fringe of space to Earth .
tr	9	The Prince turned and looked back through the trees toward where the two Exiles were , reminiscing about their home .
tr	6	The little toad of a man almost never left his laboratory , especially on sunny days like this .
tr	8	she said when we entered the outer room .
tr	11	He wished he knew what to do .
tr	9	" I 'm sorry to hear that . "
tr	9	I just accepted Jesus as my savior , and it is just like what Dane described .
tr	7	The woman 's face grew cold , " My daughter 's lover is a German officer .
tr	10	Nathan screamed as he grabbed their shoulders pulling them back .
tr	7	We walked in ; the hall was already filling up .
tr	7	Neil felt hot anger spurt inside him suddenly .
tr	7	" Anyhow , " Billy went on , halfway up the ladder now .
tr	8	He kept it to himself but filed the thought not too far back in his memory .
tr	5	" Yeah , apparently it 's a popular name . "
tr	8	At the end of the aisle , Ted paused for just a moment to look over his shoulder .
tr	6	But there 's a flip side to that too .
tr	9	Pickett answered , a clear note of annoyance in his voice .
tr	9	That seemed to do it for Amanda .
tr	7	Light and the sound of laughter and music spilled through the door .
tr	9	His parents shouted at him to sit up and get a move on .
tr	11	Tiny sparks of heat spread from the touch of his fingers on my skin .
tr	6	He broke into fluent Malay .
tr	6	In my mind , this brings the two halves back together as one man .
tr	5	Like a destroying angel , a nephilim , with outward beauty and only decay within .
tr	5	And beyond it , the autumn sun turned the horizon blood red .
tr	5	Didn 't you pick it up ? "
tr	5	For her clear gray eyes , for her sweet curves , for the way she said his name .
tr	8	10 , 20 , and 30,000 feet slid by effortlessly , and then finally it was the turn of 40,000 feet .
tr	11	Serena was dressed as though she had no clothes on at all .
tr	10	The briefs hung loose on his hips , threatening to slide down his legs .
tr	5	" The cage fire was not , " Matthew informed him .
tr	7	I look at Ryan 's face .
tr	11	Even though their stay was going to be short , they were made to feel welcome .
tr	8	" I 'm used to skis , " she said , defensively , before regretting her words .
tr	6	Of course , I reasoned , a tyrant would rule over this new , terrible existence .
tr	8	Now , what the hell is he doing with the IRA ? "
tr	8	I need a friend to watch my back too . "
tr	7	We are silent a long while after this .
tr	8	" It seems to have some gravitational , or maybe a magnetic pull .
tr	7	His answering grin made her heart flip-flop in her chest and her skin tingle .
tr	9	Slowly at first , then more detailed as he descended , the photo came into focus .
tr	9	" Don 't tell me I need an instruction manual to use my own eyes , " Jason growls .
tr	9	He was massaging his neck when Yoshimura rushed up .
tr	8	The way he ducks his head , has no idea how handsome he is .
tr	8	I kept pressing the quilt against his arm .
tr	5	" So , some things are low tech around here . "
tr	6	The next thing Matthew knew , he and Bax had reached their bunk .
tr	5	I never even heard a sound .
tr	9	" That 's why Tom mentioned drafting . "
tr	9	Kurt went to the study and opened the door , stepping into his brother 's inner sanctum .
tr	7	Cautiously , Melody pushed the crash bar on the door and eased it open .
tr	11	They still remembered the night raid that happened the previous summer by Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle .
tr	5	' But then the tiniest things are often the most powerful . '
tr	6	No use coming to their gates in the night .
tr	11	Mason noted she wasn 't wearing a ring on her left hand .
tr	9	" Don 't feel bad " stated Beppe , guessing what Simon was thinking .
tr	6	A little voice in my own head thought , how can I sound so calm ?
tr	9	VIN unlocked the car 's glove compartment and found a roll of bills he had put there for gas .
tr	10	It was forcing him to think like this .
tr	7	He kicked over his steaming pot and stomped through the door into the warehouse .
tr	10	Do you agree with that ? "
tr	7	Rafe groaned , leaned forward , and rested his head in his hands .
tr	8	This stance did not go down well with the already enraged Zeal .
tr	10	I was forced to dodge patrolling groups of soldiers , and the whole time , I was terrified of discovery .
tr	10	It will only delay the general evacuation if we stand here and argue . "
tr	7	Hartman , his head held down , cradles his damaged arm and limps from the room .
tr	7	Climbing to his feet at last , he turned .
tr	8	Thick , choking billows of dust rose around me when the noise finally abated .
tr	9	But he wasn 't yet ready to show his hand .
tr	7	" Let 's get out of here , " Loki said in a hushed whisper in Will 's ear .
tr	8	" So now you think to shirk the blame ? "
tr	9	" So when we Werewolves meet each other we meet at a primal level , Johnny . "
tr	8	She strained for that feeling , losing herself in the one tiny droplet .
tr	7	The screen shows a detailed and complex engineering blueprint , with several data calculations and formulas . "
tr	11	I remained a statue , feeling the world spinning around , wasn 't possible .
tr	7	Sven was not trustworthy , neither as a High King nor as a man .
tr	5	It fills the entire room .
tr	10	How about telling me that there isn 't enough ketchup on your hamburger ?
tr	10	" Yes , but I didn 't think it 'd sink . "
tr	11	' Do you know why I 'm here ? '
tr	7	And he would tear out their hearts and make their powers his own .
tr	8	Ken was a middle-aged man wearing a colorful sweater and comfortable shoes .
tr	6	The surroundings became ever more dark and shadowy , the moonlight choked out of the air by some inexplicable haze .
tr	9	Look at this website I found . "
tr	7	I crawled out of the closet and sat on my bed .
tr	6	His expression remained blank , his eyes emotionless , and his body rigid .
tr	7	" So , we 'll meet in three months , then .
tr	8	" Yeah , it 's fishy , " John agreed , but Bradley caught a glimpse of excitement in his voice .
tr	11	" To your house ? "
tr	8	" I lack sufficient ambition to please my father , not that it matters .
tr	8	Kurt wanted to get away .
tr	11	They know we 're on to them and they spread the word quickly . "
tr	6	Laurence 's father told me about your goal here .
tr	10	" So you just added her onto the contract , figuring that you needed professional help ?
tr	6	And then , as I expected , the child and the man did not recognize each other .
tr	7	I could see it all !
tr	7	" Don 't get in my way . "
tr	7	He turned his back to the door and looked out over the hillside below .
tr	5	Nicole 's frozen face paints my vision , the gaping mouth , frosted skin , glassy eyes .
tr	11	Growing up in Langley he attended Langley Meadows Elementary School where he discovered his love for writing .
tr	7	" But how can you say that crime , poverty , and suffering have been obliterated ?
tr	8	He indicated an area about halfway down the park .
tr	7	" Some poison , I don 't know very much more , " he began .
tr	8	" But still , can you leave me alone ? "
tr	7	Finally , the only remaining sign of the volcano was a puff of silver cloud on the horizon behind .
tr	9	Three Baskets helped the other woman keep her balance , while she moved in slow , careful steps .
tr	7	Within the next few moments of silence , Beppe without realising started daydreaming .
tr	9	It was Lanie who asked this .
tr	8	It might be a relatively meatless winter , but at least they 'd survive .
tr	7	Barbara said , stirring her own coffee .
tr	9	He knew these modern humans cared about one another .
tr	5	" The Lords - Maddox , Lucien , Reyes , Sabin , Gideon , they call themselves .
tr	5	The opening bud and the music creates a wonderful atmosphere .
tr	11	Since then he 'd been too busy trying to save the world .
tr	6	My first impressions of her were correct .
tr	10	Even though it 's lovely looking after you , I still need to work .
tr	11	My heart broke at how their trap had affected Aimee 's life .
tr	10	" Yes sir , and you 'll be safe for the night here , no one bothers us . "
tr	5	Your great-grandfather and I discussed this yesterday .
tr	7	Lightning and thunder broke through the clouds and momentarily blinded the Prince and left his ears ringing .
tr	11	I needed to know he was okay .
tr	7	' How , exactly ? '
tr	11	It 's so important that it was removed during the war and stored for safekeeping . "
tr	8	Her dress was only green cotton , and it was faded and stained from travel .
tr	6	Things aren 't ... they 're not safe yet .
tr	7	" It 's just a couple minutes , believe it or not .
tr	10	It was Brand 's face he was looking at .
tr	8	" Okay , let 's go check out our room .
tr	9	He motioned with his chin toward the opening in the wall and the Prince crossed to it .
tr	7	He would never understand about my mom .
tr	11	At least if I 'd been dangling by a rope 18m up I 'd be wide awake .
tr	5	Chapter 23 The Fate 's Fury Echo slowly lowered her daggers .
tr	9	Glancing at his watch , Seth saw it was just before two .
tr	8	" Is she one of us ? "
tr	10	Kaori continued her video , making commentary as the others around the table gorged themselves .
tr	6	I 'm not really a biologist , you know , more of a physicist .
tr	8	" There may be something on the viewing terminals . "
tr	8	Counting himself , Reggie had seven people to help him .
tr	9	Shortly after he finished eating , Babushka and Andre woke up and Lena served them .
tr	8	The children around them had mostly fallen asleep , or were plugged into iPods and tablets .
tr	5	An educated boy , obviously from a well-off family , out on his own ?
tr	9	He roared , throwing himself up the ladder before either Jacob or I could restrain him .
tr	6	' That bastard , ' Anatole said under his breath .
tr	8	He nodded at Hailey as a sign of good-bye .
tr	9	My head rested in the crook of his neck , and he twirled my hair between his fingers .
tr	7	He too hitched his sword belt as he rose .
tr	11	I saw some detainees being loaded into Police vehicles earlier and driven off . '
tr	11	Since this was my room , I could do whatever I want to do . "
tr	8	I 'll get the information from you and you can go home . "
tr	8	I did , in fact , suffer my very first death .
tr	6	Did Mom know about all this ?
tr	6	The man was gaunt , a fact even the full grey beard and baggy russet clothes could not conceal .
tr	8	While they ate , the talk was excited , vibrant , focused on the mission ahead .
tr	8	" Just keep them all alive if possible ... ... anything to add Major ? "
tr	5	Devon turned ; his shoulders stiff , and his eyes blood red .
tr	8	But why have you waited so long to strike ?
tr	7	In that regard reality was very convincing to me . "
tr	8	I started setting food out for her .
tr	8	The water appeared calm and , although the sky looked cloudy , it wasn 't raining .
tr	5	" Hey , tough guy , your bitterness is showing . "
tr	11	" I just don 't think it 's possible for ME .
tr	7	Also , I kept hearing snippets of conversation from the staff .
tr	7	Taylor quickly jumped off the farm machine and sprinted to a safe distance .
tr	8	When Claire didn 't add anything she gave a small sigh .
tr	10	He looked at the screen and saw that it was Mike but declined the call .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry sir , but I have orders to keep all Arabs out . "
tr	5	" Brave men , " echoed Kyle the Cat , a bit feebly .
tr	9	" Word games is all that is , " he said .
tr	6	" No , no , no , this guy here , John Paris " Sara turns to me .
tr	10	The last bit was spoken while looking at Bax .
tr	11	She scrolls through her HUD to find the ship communication channel she needs .
tr	11	My eyes widened as I gazed upon the rows of lockers .
tr	6	' To the other side , the dimension of the ancient people . '
tr	8	" Forgive me , " she said , a small laugh bubbling from her .
tr	9	If we want a share of the big prize , we need to play nice . "
tr	9	A moment later , the arrows came to a halt before it had pierced their flesh .
tr	8	Thunder said to Scarlett softly .
tr	9	Rafe was watching her carefully , as if looking for some reaction .
tr	11	" Are you going to tell me or not ? "
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " he muttered .
tr	9	A group of black-clad men stood silently behind him , their eyes calmly studying the space around them .
tr	8	Turning toward the wreck , Cobb asked , " So what 's the story ?
tr	9	She was apparently unaware of the dramatic tension in the room .
tr	8	He knew he wasn 't a coward .
tr	8	They took off down the main street through the center of the sprawling valley city .
tr	8	The beasts are getting closer and closer every time he hears them .
tr	11	Josie imagined he 'd seen some horrible stuff in the war .
tr	7	She laid her hand on Finan 's arm .
tr	7	So , for a month or so after the outbreak , all of my family was here except for my sister .
tr	11	' Police are still looking for the third vehicle involved in this incident , thought to be a black vintage Jaguar .
tr	9	The woman turned a brick red , but whether it was from embarrassment or anger , Miriam couldn 't tell .
tr	10	Even if his actions are meant to disorient or discourage , there remains a certain truth behind it all .
tr	8	" When you 're done , take them to Mr. Sander 's office , " Tracy said and left .
tr	10	You have to stay positive and keep that brain busy .
tr	8	" Better slow ... " Just then something hit the truck with a loud thud , breaking off his sentence .
tr	11	I seem to recall she was a blond .
tr	8	They also set up a station to screen inhabitants of the camp for any special or needed skills .
tr	7	Chapter Twenty Six Adele stood just inside the tent opening and Rafe cursed roughly under his breath .
tr	9	He pulled a box out of his pocket and stood stiffly in front of Nathan .
tr	10	" Do you think they help each other ? "
tr	8	Ghost ducked as the rounds began landing .
tr	10	They could hear some rumbling going on .
tr	8	I try to pull her .
tr	8	The lines on her face seemed deeper , and her shoulders hunched over a bit more .
tr	9	They can ponce about all day for all I care .
tr	9	Jason spots movement at the far corner to his left and raises his weapon .
tr	8	I pray Allah will purify me by fire and accept me into Paradise . "
tr	9	When the two stood , the captain turned again and raised his head toward the top of the tall pine .
tr	9	He said we were blood , but I don 't understand what that means .
tr	7	He squinted , concentrating harder .
tr	8	The rules were simple : if the Faith was harmed , harm would be returned .
tr	9	Beside her , Landon was stared with horror shining in his eyes .
tr	6	" Given the circumstances I need a little slack here , Ellie , " he replied , and she felt bad .
tr	7	Inside her room leaning against the closed door she whispered , ' Oh my God . '
tr	5	Her father 's dream was always a unified kingdom .
tr	7	The man with the beard stared at me , his eyes narrowing .
tr	7	I stared at a name and an address .
tr	7	Walking to his right , he took a chair directly beneath the captain .
tr	6	The Gods of nature smiled down upon me .
tr	9	The lady vanished in front of her and appeared by her side .
tr	7	" Done any flying lately then , Mr. John Jones ? "
tr	10	We have an enemy at the gates and we need to meet them as a united species . "
tr	8	The land was too rich , the scents too crisp and clean to concentrate .
tr	11	cried the now very scared guard , who obviously had little idea about illness .
tr	11	Much work had been done to equip the deep shelter into liveable space .
tr	7	" Bet I can beat you in chess ? "
tr	5	" Crazy Kid and smiling Aimee , you make such an odd couple . "
tr	8	Jimmy started pumping gas into his truck .
tr	10	He 'd recently expanded his business onto the continent and now had a regular truck running from London to Amsterdam .
tr	10	She stifled a heavy yawn and fixed her gaze on the diamond stars .
tr	8	stated Beppe , already recalling a telephone number he had used previously on several occasions .
tr	6	He knew almost everyone there ... ... .
tr	11	She didn 't like him , because she felt betrayed by him .
tr	7	" The video was up to 550 000 hits already and it was only just past 11.30 am .
tr	11	" Did you hear what I said before ?
tr	9	You are going to be a dragon .
tr	6	" I am glad too , " he replied just as softly .
tr	7	Gabriel had been speaking quickly but concisely .
tr	7	Thanks for your help too , " said Andy as he slipped that Talisman over his head .
tr	5	" Easy there , Picasso , " she said , and smiled .
tr	9	" Hi sweetheart , we 're just approaching the canal probably about half a day out .
tr	9	" This is crazy , " she muttered quietly as an unarmed guard scanned their driver 's licenses .
tr	7	Lukas also grabbed the pool cue case and swung it over his shoulder , and headed for the roof .
tr	7	They were also giving me some meds , but I can 't remember the names at all .
tr	6	He paused , his lips pinched in a bitter smile .
tr	11	Flaherty chose bacon , eggs and potatoes , while Goggles grabbed a cup of yogurt and two pieces of toast .
tr	7	He seemed fascinated by the design .
tr	9	The scene was now one of the conference hall at night .
tr	6	" I smell breakfast , " she retorted , " and I 'm hungry . "
tr	9	At a table in front of her a family made the best of their lunch .
tr	11	It was raining again , turning the thin layer of snow on the ground to slush .
tr	7	He wore a black bodysuit with body armor , night vision goggles , communications equipment , and submission devices .
tr	9	" How long will it take to rally your men ? "
tr	8	For example , yellow pine and live oak and cypress reveal a ship built in the southern colonies .
tr	6	As we walked , I stole a side glance at myself in the mirror .
tr	9	Drifting between the rows of seating , Rift 's eyes remain fixated on the statue .
tr	11	Business Ethics I have worked for multinational corporations , small , and even very small businesses as well as being self-employed .
tr	6	Again Wilbur grabbed the propeller and rotated it .
tr	6	" Mom , " Maya said , " at least this one didn 't call you a barmaid . "
tr	8	He held it out and Missy slipped under it and reached up for a handhold .
tr	10	I didn 't know what I was doing , I was like possessed by demons .
tr	8	He went back to Waving Willow 's house and entered .
tr	11	I let him open the door before I pushed the first button and blew the truck up .
tr	8	" Paddy it 's Frank , how you been ?
tr	9	That was when I realised something astounding .
tr	10	I will never serve one so evil as you again , " she states with contempt .
tr	8	We 're too tough to die ! '
tr	11	Faces began to swim before her closed eyelids .
tr	9	The populace was more confused than angry at the news , but the general sentiment was moving towards rage quickly .
tr	7	" All is well , all is well , " cooed the pigeon .
tr	5	With that , our teacher left Sector 7 all alone .
tr	6	" Just before I graduated , a man , a merchant , came to the Academy with a book .
tr	10	" I know that I 'll miss you , my daughter .
tr	6	A few feet away , her sisters took turns holding the baby , their body heat , his incubator .
tr	10	The WTR force continued to make a hasty withdrawal , loading the barges while sustaining heavy casualties .
tr	5	A poor , unstable girl with a small talent with a bow and arrow .
tr	6	A sign above the lintel read " UL 2 " .
tr	9	I am pushing my palms flat against the concrete roof .
tr	10	Brand did cry a little , though it was unfitting for a man .
tr	10	- I liked the way you were talking yesterday .
tr	5	" From my estimates , about fifty men , women and children , Sir . "
tr	9	I gave her the 22 and a box of shells and strapped on the 357 .
tr	7	Please talk some sense into your father ! "
tr	10	I know this is the first week but how many people have visited your page ? "
tr	9	His eyes narrowed and he moved a step closer , the sword still in his hand .
tr	8	We have much in common and can assist each other . "
tr	7	Tucker brought the handheld scanner up to his eye and activated it in thermal mode first .
tr	10	The guard 's face contorted with pain as he stumbled , then fell back into the crowd .
tr	9	" There 's something worth looking at . "
tr	6	" A little , after your birth , " her mama says then sips the beverage .
tr	9	I apologized I couldn 't tell you .
tr	8	" Not exactly everyone sitting around a table petting fat white cats and planning dastardly deeds , but close enough .
tr	8	Mark thought he had better check .
tr	7	I peel back a glove and drain it quickly , but this snack only heightens the hunger .
tr	5	" Abigail , to ... " " You called me Abigail .
tr	9	" It is an honor to serve , Lady Elaina . "
tr	10	' It 's supposed to be a surprise -- for everyone . '
tr	10	Victor straightened from where he leaned against the canal wall .
tr	6	In the kitchen , on the way out they picked up some bread and sausage .
tr	6	Rafe paused thoughtfully for a moment .
tr	11	He would let us know when he was ready .
tr	9	" I bequeath that duty to you now , " she instructs , pointing at Link 's sad visage .
tr	6	Fifteen minutes later , they stopped short before the ' Bloody Hall . '
tr	7	A frown dawned on Reid 's face .
tr	5	" We know , " Josie said .
tr	10	The hallway outside the apartment was deserted and the rooms were as I had left them that morning .
tr	11	Apparently there 's no wind which should make it easier . "
tr	9	" Didn 't get to test that one first .
tr	11	I could leap off the bed and connect to his energy before he could get off a shot .
tr	6	Finally , she stopped and put the pen down carefully .
tr	11	" I have to go to space and listen to bloody roosters crowing .
tr	9	" Go find high ground over there and remember the signal , just like the other times .
tr	8	The dog closed his eyes while John brushed him .
tr	11	I know what needs to be done .
tr	10	And wasn 't it Mack Finn , himself , who had put the old tosser there ?
tr	9	" How long will it be before the fever poses no threat ? "
tr	8	He kept his tone reasonable , yet there was confidence behind his words .
tr	11	Steve immediately loosened his grip and let himself slide down as fast as possible without losing complete control .
tr	8	She took a sip and finally said , " You 're right . "
tr	9	" Good ... now go over everything with the guys , listen to them and take their advice .
tr	7	Next two ammo cases filled with junk were loaded .
tr	9	" You 're going to need it . "
tr	11	" General , we 've taken the first fifty meters of the bunker complex and what looks like a command center .
tr	9	It didn 't look at all like a church , or even as nice as the houses in the villages .
tr	7	Despite the beautiful morning and his unusually high spirits , Ted was still on guard and alert to his surroundings .
tr	9	Her next move was to catch his in her giant arms .
tr	6	" Thank you , sir , " Elizabeth said with an awkward attempt at a curtsy .
tr	8	Two more rounds hammered into the giant 's skull , shattering bone and pulping his brain .
tr	6	Only the sound of their footsteps , or rather , her footsteps resonated in the silence .
tr	7	" Keep ' em covered , Mom , " he said .
tr	9	He turned his head , wincing as pain shot through him , and his cheek touched the cold dirt floor .
tr	6	But her eyes closed , and a few minutes later , a soft snore escaped her parted lips .
tr	6	" Not yet , we don 't , " Doug said , " but we will soon enough . "
tr	11	Strange as it seems almost everyone I passed was wearing a white towel .
tr	8	As he passed Riki , he reached for her , but she shrank towards her mother .
tr	9	After all , you are tired aren 't you ? "
tr	10	The forest roof -- which looked like a floor from his vantage point -- was just as impenetrable as from below .
tr	9	" Breakfast will be served in your cabin but all other meals will be eaten with the captain . "
tr	8	" I asked you to join us later .
tr	7	She threw her graceful black locks behind her , they settled below her buttocks in a perfect shiny black wave .
tr	10	" If you believe all those books say , you are not a Muslim anymore , " Gabriel sighed .
tr	6	I use his phone instead -- a normal push button , multi-line thing , and call Yellow Cab .
tr	11	Where were you when the Syndicate tried to assassinate her ?
tr	6	The plants were still there , all lined up in neat rows .
tr	8	Trae saw the brakes release from the old Buick , then quickly stop again , almost as if by accident .
tr	6	As the light faded the soldiers glanced down the hall and saw the two bow men .
tr	10	That 's how frightened they were .
tr	8	" Joseph Pulitzer ... " his mouth formed the words , and though his tongue found familiarity , it lacked recognition .
tr	7	" Think of something else , " Ricky said .
tr	10	I still had a piece of tape on my forearm where the needle had been .
tr	8	He scanned through the files , noting the names and the organizational structure .
tr	6	Finally , the takeout and Paul 's Caprice loomed up on the left .
tr	9	With a respectful salute , the doctor turned and walked past the soldiers readying themselves at their own stations .
tr	7	Spy Games was popular and doing well , wasn 't it ?
tr	9	She heard him spoke with a different tone .
tr	8	That is strange ; it is not seen much in magicians .
tr	10	Connor turned to see Billy 's guard jump in the police car and drive away .
tr	6	' Yes , ' said Victor with a nod .
tr	9	She said , handing Elaina their bags and touching her forehead in the unavoidable salute .
tr	6	After all , as an unemployed person it sure sounded like a great alternative .
tr	11	Zell 's attempt at trying to make her smile failed .
tr	5	" Let her celebrate , brat ! "
tr	10	Kevin might not be particularly astute , but he was loyal and that wasn 't something you took lightly .
tr	8	Phillip yelled as he joined us .
tr	11	Soon enough the cohort returned , wrangling a steer by its horns after retrieving it from a nearby ranch .
tr	7	" Don 't worry ; you can keep your hourglass , for now !
tr	11	He blew on his hands , rubbing them together as he shed his cloak .
tr	7	Sure enough , the wreckage was that of a boat .
tr	10	He had been thinking something along those lines , he realized , jealousy fading into embarrassment .
tr	11	' Mate , how did you get on ? '
tr	6	And when we no longer can , we are hated , laughed at , looked down upon .
tr	6	" Was the best day from my life . "
tr	6	Her skin boiled and her features thickened , and she became very ugly indeed .
tr	6	" I visit the converse ... at night ... and gather a few , uh ... staples .
tr	8	The emotion swept me from my feet , but I was not startled about it .
tr	10	The insult that would shape Ward 's life had only been offered the night before .
tr	9	It is her homework : I just have to facilitate it .
tr	8	The thing about Sydney is you never see her not smiling .
tr	9	during one particularly heated exchange , and all Chris could do was shrug .
tr	5	' GMD , Global Music Development , ' he read aloud .
tr	10	' The people you 're dealing with will not wait that long to intervene , ' I said quietly .
tr	9	Worst case , there 's someone waiting for us , and it 's all over .
tr	9	A hundred stories to justify why they gave me away .
tr	7	If the water gave him life , what could it take away from him twice ?
tr	6	Immediately the unmistakable stench of blood and fecal matter wafted through their protective masks .
tr	5	" Jake , you can 't , " she said softly .
tr	11	The chopper was now engulfed in flames and was already starting to collapse in on itself .
tr	9	Despite the bartender 's subtle questioning , I remained vague about my origins and my whereabouts following the battle .
tr	8	" Snakes don 't wail like that , nor at all , at least not in my country .
tr	11	He hadn 't stammered since Preston got crunched .
tr	7	She quickly assessed the situation and formulated a strategy of attack .
tr	11	But I 've only seen her in body ; never talked with her , " Harald said .
tr	5	" Nope , Werewolves and Vampires ate them . "
tr	11	He waited to grab hold of Chris 's eyes before going on .
tr	10	It 'd be easier to see the blood that way .
tr	9	Sing where all may hear you .
tr	10	Chapter 7 -- The Captives David 's look of surprise was soon replaced by a grim set of his jaw .
tr	8	Then he caught the scent of something different .
tr	7	Still hungry , Chris reached out and took a donut from the bottom .
tr	9	He 'd been there hundreds of times and it never changed .
tr	7	So back in the Middle Ages , the church bells didn 't just call the faithful to prayer .
tr	9	Regaining our strength with a great deal of rest and well-balanced meals made the world of difference .
tr	8	" Signor Beppe , your car has already been driven back , " the butler informed him .
tr	8	Jonesy emerged and VIN closed down the outer hatch of the space station .
tr	9	The combination of ringing ears and their height above the tsunami gave the scene an eerie unreality .
tr	7	Hiding her motives , she grabbed my arm , and steered me towards the path through our grove .
tr	6	He swallowed hard once , twice , then took a deep breath .
tr	10	" Would you happen to be reading about Mayan artifacts ? "
tr	10	Ted had been betting on this , but he was starting to have his doubts .
tr	9	" This is all real , isn 't it ? "
tr	9	They were almost to the crest of the hill when he appeared , riding .
tr	7	" He would not do this , " responded Rafe .
tr	8	When he rose , he said , " Devils , " making it a curse .
tr	9	The memory of the last raid and the two lifeless bodies of the boys danced through his brain .
tr	9	Painful as it may be , he has returned without glory .
tr	11	Claire heard the protestations in her voice and wondered what Josh would make of them .
tr	6	A hissing , sparking ball of red incandescent light rocketed toward the heavens .
tr	10	She instructed him and he commanded all the ships of the People accordingly .
tr	8	Neil looked at her with dislike and hoisted the basket of food back onto his shoulder .
tr	11	She got up and prepared to jump down the other side of the slope .
tr	8	Neil had a confused impression of cool darkness , huge rooms , and more beautifully carved furniture .
tr	9	I don 't want any part of this , " she whispered to herself .
tr	6	At that moment an unseen hand grabbed her by the arm .
tr	11	The life of a Princess ... How could there possibly be a Princess in their family tree ?
tr	11	They asked to be taken to Chief Tuscaloosa , and were told where they might find him .
tr	5	And , in one cage , a no longer functioning false animal , a chicken .
tr	7	Warrior 's eyes , deeply red , snap open and she lifts her head .
tr	9	" No moon again tonight , which is in our favor .
tr	9	" And sir , what are we planning to do ?
tr	7	The feeling he thought was only possible in his mother 's arms , until now .
tr	7	I couldn 't feel any pain there specifically , but I felt pain all over my body from the spider bites .
tr	11	It wasn 't much of a town to be sure .
tr	9	The enemy squads worked their way slowly away from the river and into the center of the city .
tr	7	He turned and headed towards an alley on the left .
tr	6	The man 's a bloody British national -- " " Shhh , " Joanna said .
tr	8	Checks on all persons were conducted , and searches for suspicious objects , signs , and intruders were undertaken .
tr	8	Its body was round and had smaller circles inside it .
tr	8	He was like an animal , without any kind of tenderness or romance .
tr	9	" Oh ... I 'm sorry , " the Prince said loudly , his own lips lifting , but in contempt .
tr	10	------ It had been a long night , longer than any he could remember having suffered before .
tr	5	" Hey , John , " he said .
tr	9	" You better get while the gettin 's good , " his radio blared .
tr	7	He wears a white lab jacket , and either he likes white lab jackets , or he is a doctor .
tr	11	Occasionally , he would cross other small streams that emptied into the lake .
tr	10	she chattered , feeling for all the world like a mindless squirrel .
tr	6	It was lunch hour and the floor was empty .
tr	9	" George , where are we going ? "
tr	10	" Let 's play Little Big Planet so we can both play , " pleaded Ricky .
tr	5	" I - " " I know , " he said solemnly .
tr	7	He turned into the main room , and the Prince quickly walked after him .
tr	7	He also grabbed two more bottles of water from the back seat .
tr	6	Chapter Six January-February , 1946 After the holidays , the daily drive to Camp 146 settled into a routine .
tr	9	The bark poison decays in a matter of hours , but the snake venom will last much longer .
tr	5	" Uh ... " " That sounds like a no . "
tr	8	She heard the sound of a striking match , and a small light flared up , showing Simon and Neil .
tr	8	" You set me up didn 't you ?
tr	8	Now check the door and let 's get moving . "
tr	11	She had a loaf of bread in the oven that needing watching .
tr	9	She said nothing letting her mum continue .
tr	6	The magazine she had been reading .
tr	10	I told it like it was .
tr	10	I want these two to be lieutenants under me . "
tr	11	Dad 's voice grew tense , like when he 'd argue with Mom .
tr	6	" You are a remarkable young lady , " the queen said at last .
tr	10	It was a little weird that any of them would be contacting him .
tr	8	Gan bit his fist an instant before the lightning weapon spoke again .
tr	6	The world is wild , and only the strong survive .
tr	7	They 'd had to , of course , but it was unfortunate .
tr	9	" Is good decision Connor ... I know a good place to go . "
tr	8	Pierre noticed his friend and former captain 's tense posture and touched him on the shoulder .
tr	9	" He wants to break away from your curse . "
tr	9	Two figures flashed across the street too quickly for her to make a positive identification .
tr	11	He pulled a long hunting knife from a sheath that hung on his belt .
tr	7	" Okay , okay ... " he stared at the ball , " here , you do it . "
tr	9	The blur that must be him sinks against the wall and lays his head back .
tr	11	" I don 't think I could sleep right now , " Kaylie said .
tr	8	Every time after such an ordeal she melted into my arms , looking forlorn and lost .
tr	7	" The comb , " she whispered , turning it over .
tr	10	The house was always filled to bursting with friends and mirth .
tr	9	I said , " Put your heads together and come up with some plans . "
tr	5	" Or some other unsuspecting sap , " the billionaire bit off grudgingly .
tr	8	There were just two men sitting at the bar , the fishermen Clem Johnson and Perry Winslow .
tr	10	Melody and Ted stood , staring at each other for a long moment .
tr	11	These were roads she had travelled with Kim .
tr	10	It was the architecture that struck Michael the most .
tr	7	Elaina had stumbled a few times , but she had not complained .
tr	11	No one noticed her appear yet all noticed her presence .
tr	10	And Truth only knows if there are even a hundred of us left .
tr	9	It was the least menacing " Shut it , Nancy " he had ever uttered .
tr	5	' And what exactly did Haus say ? '
tr	5	Ah Chuy Kak 's reach is deep and far Mr. Zane .
tr	7	" You should have seen your faces .
tr	5	Did you hear that ? "
tr	11	" And I thought it was just because we 're buds ! "
tr	7	They would no longer push themselves to exhaustion .
tr	10	He was afraid he had blown it .
tr	11	She wiggled out and we locked arms , unable to move each other .
tr	8	" You must be mistaken staff master , I do not fight anymore . "
tr	11	My smile widened , which only seemed to infuriate Thorne further .
tr	9	I was feeling angry , like usual , and went to have a drink .
tr	7	" You must be hungry both of you . "
tr	9	And I was pretty sure that you felt -- " " Don 't ! "
tr	5	" Well , not so much , " Heath 's grin lit his face .
tr	7	Her emerald eyes looked wide awake , but her short brown hair was a mess .
tr	10	Rafe thought not but felt very grateful to her for making it easier on him .
tr	6	They argued for a long time about this .
tr	7	Salvatore took this opportunity with his full grasp and sneakily back kicked the tall man in his groin .
tr	7	Someone who tells me the truth . "
tr	10	There 's nothing we can do here . "
tr	11	He bent awkwardly to pluck a sprig of leaves from a nearby bush .
tr	11	The name of the family that built this place , " Daniel said .
tr	7	A woman in a shimmering red cocktail dress stood on a raised circular stage to the far left .
tr	9	The warheads had been harvested from American Peacekeeper missiles and their modified casings lay in racks on the far wall .
tr	7	Many of the arrows knifed through the leaves harmlessly , but enough did not .
tr	9	Colorful paintings and mosaics covered all outside surfaces creating a stark contrast to nature 's colors all around .
tr	10	Jace continued , " I just know that it wasn 't aliens . "
tr	10	Finan himself had been fifteen , guarding over a nine year old Rafe .
tr	6	We landed silently in a short , walled rear garden .
tr	7	He yawned suddenly and wrapped his arms on his knees .
tr	7	" You 're killing your horse , my Lord . "
tr	5	" Time and place , Nate , and this isn 't the time nor place .
tr	7	She then noticed something else , something rattling inside .
tr	9	I paused near the top of the stairs and scanned the hallway ahead .
tr	8	His grey eyes gleamed with excitement as he approached , entirely unafraid .
tr	9	All the feed was in sealed plastic containers and was of dozens of various types .
tr	11	Andy nodded to the guard and turned so the man could cut the cords binding his wrists together .
tr	8	He was holding a cloth , scrunched up in his right hand and had another draped over his left shoulder .
tr	10	" You know what the difference between you and me is ? "
tr	10	Perhaps it was harsh , but Simon was adamant that our location remain hidden .
tr	6	She watched the man move closer , his bow and arrow raised and ready .
tr	6	" But there isn 't a third Guardian , " cried Bryony .
tr	11	It was the first time VIN felt really useless , not having real legs .
tr	9	For a moment she was at a loss for words , her fists white as she clenched them .
tr	8	Dane thought a minute , " The first time was late in the morning . "
tr	8	Just wait till we get you ! "
tr	7	although of what I 'm not sure .
tr	8	Both hit the mark , the second nearly taking his right arm off at the shoulder .
tr	6	One half of our code comes from Vampire the other from Wolf . "
tr	10	He doesn 't know that I 'm protecting Simon " .
tr	8	" We own this complex ; we own hundreds of these complexes . "
tr	9	" The problem is ... . .
tr	6	The edge wasn 't that close , although near enough for her .
tr	10	" I 'm not taking sides , I 'm ... " " No !
tr	7	I turned to the computer and typed Strauss in the search box .
tr	10	Danny must have resorted to scare tactics .
tr	7	Down the hall of the passage , flames lit up the stone entrance .
tr	10	Do you happen to be in ? "
tr	8	After a minute Archie saw him leaning on the bar .
tr	6	" But , Mrs. Jones said no fireworks , " Beck said .
tr	7	I grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the trees .
tr	7	There nights were filled with exotic adventure .
tr	9	" You will get another opportunity , I suggest you don 't hesitate next time .
tr	10	The one Josh had taken of her the day before on their double hike of Hadrian 's Wall .
tr	11	" And that poison was no easy feat -- vinegar is so hard to mix with . "
tr	10	To secure his own safety before lashing out in vile premeditation .
tr	9	" It 's probably nothing to worry about . "
tr	7	' I 'd better finish this one off , ' Duke said , grabbing three pieces .
tr	9	" I see a problem going forward with this and Jennie ... ... . .
tr	7	Her chin lifted and his heart swelled with pride .
tr	9	" Hey guys , we brought food " exclaimed Vivian in her adorable way .
tr	7	Great beads of perspiration dripped from her dark forehead , and her eyes blazed with terror .
tr	7	Bring them over here , " Missy commanded .
tr	6	" Well then , let 's see ... one , two , three , four , and maybe five . "
tr	9	Predator was a spelling word we had last month .
tr	7	All things considered , his plans and preparations could not possibly be proceeding more perfectly .
tr	8	He banged on his chest with one hand for emphasis .
tr	8	But I think you have other plans .
tr	6	" If you did , though , it wouldn 't be the first time ! "
tr	9	Wait till we get into my truck . "
tr	11	They had no idea what was to come .
tr	9	Aria realizes what she is seeing and gasps .
tr	11	These were the messengers Alejo had been told about ?
tr	7	However , as Lord Rand had stated , the warrior was no longer there .
tr	9	VIN used a lot of brakes to slow down and then turned the car left .
tr	7	On a cloudy night without the moon , you wouldn 't even see your own hand .
tr	10	The only person she knew that went overseas was Michael .
tr	11	Jin sighed from having to repeat himself .
tr	9	He picked up the cube and rotated it to show her .
tr	10	Reggie felt relief that someone would establish some sanity to the discussion .
tr	9	His expression sobered when he looked around the room .
tr	8	Parnell was a politician , and like the rest of his kind , he could smell blood in the water .
tr	8	" It looked like you needed your rest .
tr	6	' Ankle , and here , ' she pointed at her left side , just above her sword belt .
tr	6	" So your are famous , and you are a water creature as well ? "
tr	7	As she looked back , the instructor was earnestly explaining something to her eldest nephew .
tr	9	Tarleton struggled one last time before the fangs bit down into his body .
tr	9	Her bum was freezing to the bench and she 'd lost the feeling in her nose .
tr	6	" Slide that part up and it drops in . "
tr	11	Two All I did was tie his wrists together and take off his clothes .
tr	6	For anything complicated or far reaching we just ask Lilly . "
tr	8	There are no crazy experiments , no dashes of lightning and high , cackling laughs .
tr	9	Don 't tell me you put it there . "
tr	8	It was a beautiful being , its body shone like the purest crystal and it was segmented like an insect .
tr	6	Unlike Lissa 's , however , Nina 's gold had a weak , almost watery quality to it .
tr	8	" Isn 't this week the annual meeting of the congress and the Russian military ? "
tr	6	To his right sat Burning Arrow , and to his left sat Lonely Bear .
tr	8	Scott grinned then sat the tray on the desk in front of his brother .
tr	7	Rick smiled broadly and winked , " So ... when can we go haul your stuff over ? "
tr	10	" Oh , I don 't know - like throwing people twenty feet through the air . "
tr	10	Gabriel was already half in the driver 's side , but leaned back to whisper , " Go !
tr	8	While they regarded me curiously there was no suspicion in anyone 's eyes .
tr	8	It is my duty to help .
tr	11	If there 's really been some kind of nuclear explosion -- " " Are you serious ? "
tr	5	" Come on , Brian , " his companion says .
tr	7	" This morning , I made it , this , " Lilly Ann answered his questions and pointed at her chest .
tr	9	Jace came to visit for lunch .
tr	5	He also carried a small black backpack .
tr	10	Ben wasn 't quick enough to get out the way and the Turk bumped into his leg .
tr	10	It looked as if it would lay alongside the river bank before detonating .
tr	9	And let 's use every minute that we find ourselves in this wonderful place . "
tr	9	It wasn 't for her , but she strained to answer , desperate for help .
tr	8	Were you intending to take off ? "
tr	9	" Ryan told us not to leave the craft , and guess what , Mr. Jones ?
tr	10	I must always fight to be in control .
tr	5	A navy , white , and taupe color scheme , comfortable couches , large-screen television .
tr	8	' Always , ' Trudie said with sympathy , ' but , that 's truer now than ever . '
tr	9	He possessed small , almost squinting eyes compared to his bushy brown eyebrows .
tr	10	The boldest laughingly made good-bye waving motions in the way Dog warriors scorned a beaten enemy .
tr	10	" We convince everyone she 's diseased ; no one but me will get near her .
tr	8	Her short blond hair hangs just above her shoulders and her calm pale face is completely free of blemishes .
tr	10	A mumble of incoherent words left his lips when Anna raised the gun and levelled it at his chest .
tr	7	Kevin threw something in the backseat and then the kids hopped in and Kevin started it up .
tr	10	When they only stared at him in considering silence , he pressed , " Do you disagree ? "
tr	7	When we told her everything , she just folded up mentally and isn 't doing well right now .
tr	8	I moved to the bed and took a seat next to her .
tr	7	It didn 't burst , but it shot us out from it at a lightning speed .
tr	7	" Do this for me ?
tr	11	" Especially when it has been poisoned by my people . "
tr	11	" Are we allowed to land here ? "
tr	8	" The potions won 't help , " he starts with a painful series of coughs .
tr	5	" What time does it leave ? "
tr	5	" Considering its worth , it 's probably the real thing . "
tr	10	David stood up , " well back to the grind , we need to rattle her cage somehow .
tr	6	' Not a lot , I 'm afraid , ' I said truthfully .
tr	8	Or , possibly , Ahmad sent off a signal somehow and they detonated it remotely .
tr	9	He jammed the barrel into the soft flesh under his chin and pulled the trigger .
tr	6	She indicated the first boy with the blond hair .
tr	9	Both of them stopped doing up Lorna 's armor and stared at him .
tr	8	Putting on deodorant just for me .
tr	6	Coughing , Alex threw her head back , her mouth wide open , and inhaled a single , shrieking gasp .
tr	5	" Noooo ... " " It 's not just a medical procedure .
tr	8	The Bastian immortal removed a pair of Steyr AUG rifles from his backpack and handed one to Reid .
tr	9	" Even if you do that he 's not going to fight here .
tr	6	Forty-five bullets per second just weren 't enough .
tr	8	That was where she should go .
tr	9	" I can 't see the bear teaching her that . "
tr	6	I scooped up her dripping , burnt smelling , clothes from the bathroom floor .
tr	7	On the right side of the horizon was the rocky corner of the sister island .
tr	6	Taylor and Hunt looked at each other .
tr	9	His weapon wasn 't exactly pointed at them , but it wasn 't far off , Brazen noticed .
tr	5	" Three hundred fifty-eight thousand feet , speed Mach 23 .
tr	7	" No , I was avoiding the holes but the earth was really soft and I just went over . "
tr	9	We have to keep this a complete secret .
tr	10	" I am glad the arrow has not dimmed your eyes .
tr	10	He eyed the line-up of men in tuxedos and leaned closer to me .
tr	7	' Well , whatever it is , it ain 't in this room , ' Reid said with a shrug .
tr	10	He let thoughts of the man 's upcoming cruel punishments play in his mind before drifting off to sleep .
tr	6	' Oh , everyone on our silly little morning TV show , darlings , is having marital affairs .
tr	9	Dodging branches amid the snap and crackle of their passage made conversation impossible .
tr	10	Abby said trying to sound calm .
tr	11	" I thought you were with your family in Northgate ? "
tr	6	Your love for books astounds me . "
tr	10	" Are you aware of evidence beyond what was discovered at Oxford ? "
tr	8	They added new songs and though they didn 't headline they did creep up the play order .
tr	11	Loc hugged the ground and tried to squirm close to a fallen tree for cover .
tr	9	" Oh , did you hear about the lights ?
tr	11	I had intended to install it in the sailboat but in our move to the houseboat had forgotten all about it .
tr	8	" I have done many pictures , " Harald said without looking back .
tr	5	Taylor 's eyes flew wide open .
tr	9	" I overheard my father say that once , " Miriam agreed .
tr	6	Thompson 's face turned white , his feet pushed and rolled the desk chair backward several inches .
tr	9	He smashed his head into the clear plastic window of the canopy before crashing down into his seat .
tr	10	He appreciates every one of you for making his life a bit more special every day .
tr	6	" So , when are you and Jeff thinking of coming ?
tr	7	" Did you go to Mayfield High School or Graves County High ? "
tr	9	Do you believe him ? "
tr	7	There were some five hundred odd names on it .
tr	8	" Then you have much to learn , " he said and tackled her in clearing .
tr	7	She tracked my gaze and gripped my arm still tighter .
tr	6	Jolie moved his killer glare to the reporter .
tr	8	Noah had started to argue .
tr	5	Counties and towns : South Carolina , Virginia , New Hampshire , Iowa , Nebraska .
tr	7	It 's feeding you , " Gabe says .
tr	6	It might come back there again . "
tr	7	" Good to hear , " Llama said , as he stood .
tr	5	" Uh huh , revealing Ortega killer , Wednesday night , La Blanca .
tr	9	If it 's not one of ours , you kill it . "
tr	6	I could not allow this .
tr	5	Now all Margaret cared about was her life .
tr	6	' Good , ' I said with a brief nod .
tr	10	He couldn 't figure out how to do it .
tr	8	When the two of you return home maybe you could work towards something there ? "
tr	10	He looked at the opposite side of the rocky gorge , searching desperately for some kind of easy way down .
tr	9	This trip seemed to be taking forever .
tr	9	" Alfred will be arriving here in 13 seconds , based on current pace . "
tr	7	Hmm ... that was a bit better .
tr	6	" I 'm not sure , " Rhys said , " but his pulse is fading . "
tr	8	You will maintain command of your men .
tr	8	" Why are you looking in my father 's desk ? "
tr	9	She wanted to crawl out of herself , to shed an itchy and hated skin .
tr	8	He slowly began to feel better .
tr	10	" Dr. Cook needed help , and there was only one person he trusted , " Gabe says .
tr	10	" Say , where did your son go ? "
tr	5	' Oh , no , ' said Miss Level , genuinely shocked .
tr	10	She must think him someone he was not , it might as well be Finan as anyone .
tr	8	We rose from behind the counter and raced for the security door on our right .
tr	10	I fumbled with the zipper on the game package , deciding to fish for some answers .
tr	8	Fill the lower part of the pot half with water and screw it together .
tr	8	He thought she merely intrigued him .
tr	7	Instead , he heard her softly speak .
tr	11	Nero nodded and Wang detonated the charge , blowing a circular hole in the roof of the building .
tr	7	My anger had fizzled out and I was slightly embarrassed by my behaviour .
tr	9	He didn 't respond for a few seconds , then " What condition is that coin in ? "
tr	6	" We 're getting a whole new integrated appliance next week . "
tr	7	" I 've heard this somewhere before , " the boy quickly counters .
tr	9	It had been a long day , and tomorrow promised to be considerably longer .
tr	6	I mean , two bullets with the same entry wound ? "
tr	6	Eris , Sye , and Zook barely kept their footing at the sudden movement .
tr	10	There were thumps as doors were flung open , followed by the crashes of furniture overturning .
tr	10	The governor was good to us and helped us to get on our feet again .
tr	9	The wolves were still digging at the back of the tree .
tr	9	Gwendolyn narrows her eyes at them both and with a smirk on her lips snaps out her hand .
tr	8	" To imagine , " he continues , crossing his arms and getting comfortable .
tr	5	Same face , same nose , same hair , same ... no .
tr	10	Connor patiently followed and watched as Billy sat the woman down and then joined her .
tr	10	VIN drove carefully ; he now knew what a wild horse would feel like .
tr	6	I crave his presence , his body , his voice , his laugh , his touch , his everything .
tr	7	I just made a face behind her and continued my way .
tr	5	At the door , Hollis said , " I 'm sorry . "
tr	11	" I 've liked you from the second I saw you . "
tr	10	I 'm offering to throw a birthday bash for you .
tr	9	I will have to consider your request . "
tr	7	asked Maggie , totally shocked , but excited at the same time .
tr	9	She quickly returned and tossed the white muslin to Rick and then went to stand guard .
tr	9	" But , if those engines die , they 'll trace it back to you for sure . "
tr	8	He needs to be stopped .
tr	9	" That 's all you can say ?
tr	9	Kendall was only too willing to take him .
tr	10	" I remember my father complaining about it when I was a child .
tr	9	She turned to meet Eda 's disapproving look .
tr	10	Billy thought about it a moment before looking Chris straight in the eye .
tr	9	By now he was already awake , watching her sweet face next to him , propped up on one arm .
tr	7	It was coming from the barn .
tr	5	Like her Northland kinsmen , they were mostly warriors and pit fighters .
tr	10	" What happened , what went wrong ? "
tr	9	The more grateful she was for his audacity , the more she blushed , and the warmer she felt .
tr	8	A grim sort , Chris thought , and probably not a man you should cross .
tr	7	Ben stood up and did his strange walk towards the door leading outside .
tr	9	I didn 't mean to kill him . "
tr	10	" Yes it is , we should do this more often " answered Vivian .
tr	6	The brightly glowing core flashed even brighter and the light within became a swirl .
tr	10	If history could be carried on a breeze , it rushed and swirled around me .
tr	9	~ ~ ~ Kurt stifled a yawn as the train pulled into the Piccadilly Circus tube station .
tr	8	Gabe is in a rumpled X-Men t-shirt , and his jeans are torn at both knees .
tr	8	I hear you , but if you change your mind , my offer will still stand .
tr	7	" You 're in high jump tomorrow Jenkins , " the coach said dismissively .
tr	8	" Ready for ignition of second stage . "
tr	9	The trees were lined with glittering traces of blue and black and silver .
tr	6	" You will be careful , Finn ? "
tr	8	" When Mr. Robbie came to Brunei he offered me a job as scout and guide .
tr	11	She would pay back her dues in full , and return all that he had given her so freely .
tr	7	Ganondorf 's thwarted siege upon the castle granted Link a second chance at life .
tr	9	We grabbed something to eat and went in search of a cyber cafe .
tr	9	It was the sound of someone cocking a gun .
tr	10	They get contemptuous if you coddle them , they are strong and only understand strength .
tr	6	' Why on Earth did you -- ' said Tomas Godard .
tr	11	" So like you want to serve people ? "
tr	9	Or what if you pass out from blood loss ? "
tr	8	She was ... slightly less graceful than the others and a great deal more bold .
tr	7	And my last client of the evening ... he came in through my door .
tr	6	The engine 's deep , gruff rumbling stopped and the headlights flickered out .
tr	6	" Oh hey , there is a little crack here , " Donny pointed .
tr	11	Billy would be able to absorb hits fairly easily with the padding .
tr	6	Through the falling snow , they watched someone hurrying toward the plane .
tr	7	I sighed , slipped the container inside the pack and followed in his footsteps .
tr	9	It was something wasn 't it ?
tr	10	Alex leaned on her sleepily , " I like it when you call our house ' home ' .
tr	7	Her name was on it , too , but her duties ended before noon .
tr	7	" Maybe if you open the door , you 'll remember . "
tr	8	The truth was that Laurence got crazy .
tr	6	Aria , please tell the crew ... how sorry I am .
tr	6	" Yeah , but she is worth it .
tr	9	Both parents were quiet thinkers and Ryan grew up to be the same .
tr	10	He wasn 't sure he could do it .
tr	8	" There is not so very much to tell .
tr	9	Kurt reached out and started to unlock the door .
tr	8	The majority of force was deflected by the suit but still I hurt bad .
tr	11	Anyone been hanging around acting in any way suspicious ? '
tr	7	Starting visibly , Alejo lifted his head and peered at her with reddened hazel eyes .
tr	6	" Should I put the bag over his face now ? "
tr	9	We don 't have time for you to get cute .
tr	5	" What is this ? "
tr	8	" Let 's aim for this Saturday and I 'll clear it with Ellen tonight . "
tr	9	Chapter 30 The room was really starting to stink now .
tr	10	The speedometer slowly climbed over 180 before he felt a light hand on his arm and he eased off .
tr	9	" Who knows what tomorrow may bring ? "
tr	5	" Grand has his ways .
tr	9	Perhaps Toby would provide another successful link in this particular line of science .
tr	8	' Sorry to hear that . '
tr	10	The able bodied men march to war , and now the kingdom is trapped in a veil of decay .
tr	6	' Thank you , yes , ' he shouted back through the thick wooden door .
tr	11	In fact , she thought the animals might have the edge in that contest .
tr	9	" Superiors can use the body parts of other species and adapt it to their own . "
tr	9	There was alcohol aplenty ; Mr. Rose and Suzi had outdone themselves on a German wheat beer and an American lager .
tr	9	He had spent a lifetime with this quest of men , a lifetime also , almost immeasurable .
tr	6	She poured the hot water into an old brown teapot on the kitchen counter .
tr	10	I hoped it involved him shirtless .
tr	6	Your eyes are not the same ... your skin is silver and strange . "
tr	9	Even without electricity , we 're different than those poor souls around us .
tr	7	It rolled to a stop behind Jimmy 's parked truck .
tr	7	Jeff and the others on the ship relaxed and returned their long guns to the storage locker .
tr	10	" I 'll be down at the gym in Brixton Wednesday evening .
tr	9	It was her turn to be quiet .
tr	11	She couldn 't get the image of the burned , stone man out of her mind .
tr	10	He could tell it was wearing Elaina down .
tr	7	If it 's some other people , we 'll stay hidden . "
tr	9	" There 's not much to tell , really , " he began .
tr	9	I figured you could probably use the extra rest . "
tr	11	Finn 's anxiety began to throb in his chest like a panicked bird .
tr	8	That 's when you guys turned up . '
tr	6	" General , they fear your influence on the dam .
tr	9	One did escape to the other side of the river , and we sent Little Mink after him .
tr	9	They had chosen this side because of the shadow ; it was the only cover available .
tr	8	Neela 's father was a man to despise , as were his six sons .
tr	7	Our time was running out , and I couldn 't just leave him here .
tr	6	But out of the eerie blackness , a long , low scream echoed through the air .
tr	10	" Speaking of your friends - you think they 're coming back ? "
tr	5	" Then , wh - " " Don 't ask me , Rory .
tr	7	The sisters got into the starship and the Angel made several circles around the island .
tr	9	" Let 's review ; we don 't know what attacked us .
tr	7	He had pulled a revolver from his waistcoat .
tr	7	' Morning , " Alejo croaked , then cleared his throat .
tr	6	" No , " she said , " and yes , I 'm fine . "
tr	11	I received information that your foundation is over two hundred years old and I wish to learn about it .
tr	5	The runner 's foot and leg were a blur .
tr	11	You just went right on telling us about measuring strata .
tr	9	" The man won 't be sitting idle either .
tr	5	" Tango Lima ; three meters , over .
tr	8	Soon hundreds of sparks are shooting up into the air and exploding overhead .
tr	7	Mr. Cantwell got up , dusted off his trousers , and looked at the cup .
tr	8	" Where did you get all of this stuff ? "
tr	10	" I 'm sorry but I can 't just let you leave without a goodbye kiss . "
tr	8	Each warrior had one , and as they picked it up , they found their place in the formation .
tr	10	A shadow loomed in front of me and a pair of polished shoes appeared before my eyes .
tr	6	They all ground to a sudden halt only a body 's length away from her .
tr	10	They sat for some time while the snow continued to fall .
tr	6	She felt like a rock .
tr	9	Sofia whispered to the boy at her side and gestured something with her cute fingers .
tr	8	" Tell me about his head of security . "
tr	9	Finally , the girl crossed her arms over her chest and muttered , " Sorry . "
tr	11	Just when he needed it , when it mattered most to him , his confidence faltered .
tr	11	" And the rest we 'll talk about later , after you 've had more time .
tr	8	Minister Drake paid little attention to the closure of the aperture .
tr	9	Do you love me ? "
tr	11	The normal guard looked bored and kept checking back over his shoulder at the abandoned gate .
tr	7	Trae focused more of his attention on the car .
tr	9	Every moment he expected her strength to give out .
tr	7	and the younger man happily headed out with the room 's ice bucket .
tr	6	" No , you can 't , " Will said evenly from the sitting room .
tr	11	Adele laughed and flicked an infinitesimal drop of water up at her friend .
tr	11	Elaina turned away from the table , hoping he would still follow after .
tr	10	And then we 'll show the world what plundering means ! "
tr	10	Still in high school then , the teachers were shocked at the depth of Brazen 's intellect .
tr	9	Maybe it 'd be less crowded at night , but I 'm not sure . "
tr	5	Like he said eventually the majors chase the bands . '
tr	7	This person was no servant ; he looked every bit the warrior .
tr	8	Her father had taken a liking to him many years ago , despite his youth and inexperience .
tr	6	" With this tunic you can move much faster . "
tr	7	Waiting for a time , I followed .
tr	11	" He 's harmless , " she assures , rolling her eyes and grabbing hold of Link 's hand .
tr	9	I lifted my leg and looked at the sole of my shoe .
tr	11	Is that all you think we can fight ?
tr	11	I must have been eighteen when I met Barbara .
tr	10	" What a foolish question I am asking , of course you do . "
tr	8	Could we go to jail for this ?
tr	11	Welcome back , " said the second white coat and his eyes managed to focus on her face .
tr	5	" Sit down here , Mr. Neil . "
tr	10	Megan asked , looking at everyone in the group .
tr	7	' We like a laugh but there 's a time and a place . '
tr	11	The serial number hadn 't been ground off ; it appeared to have simply never been there .
tr	7	Moments later Chet pulled his leg out of the crevice , minus his boot .
tr	10	That cold pure blue only to be found in the high latitudes .
tr	9	We 're trying to protect you . "
tr	6	How delightful , Adriana cooed to herself at such a playful notion .
tr	5	" Bangkok , Buenos Aires , Oslo , Berlin , Moscow , Los Angeles , " said Jia .
tr	6	" I du n no ... " " Wait , " Talon said , again in the deep voice .
tr	6	" Stubborn , foolish boy , " her grandmother whispered , her eyes dark and distant once more .
tr	8	He didn 't look at the faltering , approaching boy .
tr	8	A skidding bus anywhere near the edge of this mountain road was ample cause for alarm .
tr	7	" Well , so much for the cops , " she said , a dejected tone to her voice .
tr	9	" You don 't have to be that .
tr	6	" This is so great , Mom , " he said .
tr	6	Finally , an old woman came by and pointed us out .
tr	7	" Wake up , Eno , you lout , " I shouted from my vantage point somewhere near the ceiling .
tr	6	Then , far off along the horizon , I see the first orange glows light up along the Armor .
tr	9	Rand held her away from him so that his eyes might search her face .
tr	7	Each region had its own guardians , oft times referred to as Rangers , Striders , Woodland Guardians or Foresters .
tr	10	I 'm going to make them happen .
tr	9	" But I 've dreamed of being even that .
tr	9	" Hmm ... would you like a cup of tea Ronan ? "
tr	7	The second guard stopped and took a step inside the doorway .
tr	9	Rafe squirmed uncomfortably and began to fiddle with the leather tassel on his belt .
tr	7	" I put everything away , where are the other girls ? "
tr	8	They walked around some more piles of rocks .
tr	8	Her tone was dull while she read out the details .
tr	6	He bowed slightly but Adele neither replied nor moved .
tr	5	" Not really , Johnny , no " replied George .
tr	8	' Why have you never spoken of this before ?
tr	8	The last line made Chris turn his head .
tr	10	" All I want to know is where your leader is hiding . "
tr	9	They 'd heard no traffic noises or even noises from other parts of the house .
tr	8	This caused Michael and Ben to burst into a fit of giggles .
tr	8	After the two went quiet a while , a rustling sound from behind made Chris turn his head .
tr	10	Something huge and terrible stalked them , crouching to leap and rip them apart .
tr	10	Nathan wasn 't sure if he had just been insulted or complimented , but decided to continue on .
tr	9	" I 'm glad to hear that Joe !
tr	11	Are you sure that you want to do this ?
tr	7	she answered , biting her lip .
tr	7	" Hey , " she starts , taking a warmer tone .
tr	6	Or better yet , a city within a city within a town .
tr	11	The look he gave me was knowing .
tr	8	" You 're up early young fellow , " Carl said as he opened the morning paper .
tr	8	So , how to describe our daily round here ?
tr	7	Each night for the next three weeks Scott left food for the child and each morning the food was gone .
tr	8	He was massive for his breed , and sleek , powerful legs carried him onwards .
tr	10	' Now you , my dear man , need to share some of your own secrets with us .
tr	6	Most of them carried wooden spears or stone hammers and many other primitive weapons .
tr	9	Very few people could afford the extravagance of fuel , and any working vehicle attracted lots of attention .
tr	8	Red steps forward formally , snapping his feet together and saluting stiffly .
tr	7	Think of it as my Christmas present to you , the real one .
tr	9	I want to talk with you .
tr	7	These are my friends , Kobi and Derrick Reed , and this is Henderson Smith , our pilot .
tr	9	They didn 't look like the types to inspire a friendly chat .
tr	7	She yanked her own sword off the bed , parrying the attack easily .
tr	10	He assumed they were somewhere in his parents ' house .
tr	10	But I did name him after someone I knew .
tr	10	My lawyers tell me there 's some kind of holdup .
tr	11	" Now I 've heard that said about a bar but never about a coffee shop .
tr	7	" Bringing in the ships , are we ? "
tr	11	She said , " Don 't tell me you 're starting too . "
tr	6	The door opened , and instantly they were both quiet .
tr	8	She pulled a huge folder from a shelf at the back of the room .
tr	11	The jewelries having thee same color like my dress , my hair in curls , falling elegant on my empty shoulders .
tr	7	Shocked , I gave a cry of clipped laughter .
tr	5	" Wait , " Scott said gently .
tr	9	Want to tell me what happened ?
tr	10	Adele had still not moved , and Eda reached out to take her hand ; it was ice cold and trembling .
tr	6	In the morning his team would meet here early .
tr	8	We won 't let Grand touch you .
tr	8	The man obviously didn 't like this job and had probably been through this a hundred times before .
tr	7	" This is where you live ? "
tr	6	At Hiroshima Castle , not far away , the 2nd General Army Headquarters was under siege .
tr	5	However , in 2010 , the Civil War Battlefield and Artifact Preservation Act was amended again .
tr	8	" They didn 't sound quite like wolves . "
tr	8	The generator finally died for good , plunging her into total darkness .
tr	9	Surely you know the route like the back of your hand ?
tr	9	Enraged , he slapped her and she fell to the ground .
tr	11	" Your vehicles were destroyed and it was the best way to get back here .
tr	9	" It jiggles like jello when you hit it with a sandal ! "
tr	8	" The Brethren must meet you as soon as possible .
tr	8	There was silence after her statement , Rafe felt his tongue thick and unwieldy in his mouth .
tr	10	Maybe because they were so alike , far too much alike for a proper nobly born lady .
tr	11	Seth silently hoped he wouldn 't have to watch .
tr	10	He knew what it could do to steel .
tr	9	It seems to come from everywhere .
tr	5	" Now , Mr. Greene , slice the cloth . "
tr	11	If you 'd like to join us , we 're ready .
tr	7	" Taking his family on a vacation , apparently .
tr	6	Clancy 's face was nearly paste white , his words hesitant .
tr	7	" Neither have I. " She sat down near the pond and shielded her eyes from the bright , morning sun .
tr	6	" Hey , Frank , " Ted responded with a nod .
tr	9	" Well it 's obvious that they did just that , " Dr. Tudor pointed out .
tr	11	Let me know how he gets on . '
tr	7	' Show me , ' Sam said , ' I 'm a bit of a drummer myself . '
tr	8	Faro never attempted to help them .
tr	8	She was standing in just the same spot and had not even removed her boots .
tr	7	" We just want it back , " Matthew said , and the old one-eyed man laughed heartily .
tr	6	As Layla expected , he scrambled for his lost weapon .
tr	8	Alejo 's leather sandals sucked at the mud as he followed Ishmael .
tr	7	" So be the earnest seekers , do your homework , and expect good grades , " she said .
tr	11	Then they made it to a safe place and everywhere they went they were helped by kind people .
tr	10	I 'm sure your efforts will not go unnoticed . '
tr	9	I heard screams from within .
tr	9	I know this is true , but I need Gabe to be here anyway .
tr	8	It was certainly true that Cobb was here every day .
tr	7	What would they do to me ?
tr	11	She still remembers what he said when she became an admiral .
tr	7	Just after he and Mrs. Marquette parted , someone else caught David 's arm with a greeting and a grin .
tr	8	With a few clicks , Mason found what he was seeking .
tr	6	The saddlebags of the two horses revealed clothes , food , and a few coins .
tr	10	This angered Lucifer but Every just laughed and fiercely replied with an " Avast ye !
tr	7	He awoke in a hospital , two fractured ribs , a concussion and multiple cuts and contusions .
tr	10	There are some things that make death hollow .
tr	6	The lone noise in the dark night continues and increases in momentum .
tr	11	Christine said stepping step towards him as Raphael uncharacteristically found himself retreating behind the door .
tr	10	Wasn 't nothing left but a bloody pulp shaped like a man .
tr	8	However , not all the animals you see are using the roadways for a life source .
tr	10	" Can 't you burn it down from here ? "
tr	9	Think , now , I know you can get it . "
tr	11	Below her were other monuments to past wars that were rusted and tarnished by time .
tr	10	They both wore dresses of cloth and had jewelry on , " is most likely upper class , see the jewelry ?
tr	7	" You can 't make me , " she responded and gave him a hard shove .
tr	6	" Yes , sir , " stammered Mr. Marley , almost dropping the wig in alarm .
tr	6	It 's not been ... comprehensively evaluated yet , " Chancellor Roberts said .
tr	10	No use in making big plans and getting ahead of themselves .
tr	9	She sucked in air with a shudder , still sagging against Alejo .
tr	6	" Abby ... I ... " " Please ... Damian . "
tr	8	" Only you can help yourself my sweet , just try to forget her .
tr	7	" My dear friend Henrik is the marcher lord , and an important man to our proud nation 's defense .
tr	5	" By the way , how 's the cough this morning ? "
tr	8	The seconds of uncertainty have drawn out far too long and Navi decides to intervene .
tr	5	" Come on , Cornelius , " Lord Loss encourages me .
tr	7	Miriam colored and looked down at her toes .
tr	7	Steve nodded then turned back to his phone call .
tr	10	But then again , stories are as easy to forget as identities . "
tr	8	Her voice shook a little with lingering mirth , but there was true penitence in her face .
tr	6	Satisfied , he then examined the patient 's mouth , tongue and skin for dehydration and color .
tr	7	Taking it very gently in her mouth she carried it back to her sleeping corner .
tr	7	If we allow it , she will only grow more proud , more unruly .
tr	5	Heart attacks all around so far .
tr	11	" Are you afraid of what I can do ? "
tr	5	Like the atmosphere , like Allen , they were brisk and businesslike .
tr	10	They used a variety of routes , trying to avoid the major highways .
tr	9	We don 't buy into that stupid " we the five hundred " shite . "
tr	10	He made note of how many , the layout of the house , and where Carol was being held .
tr	10	Between you and me , I 'm not sure he 's even read my book .
tr	7	" Their own independent neural hubs , robot support crews and everything , " Sykes adds enthusiastically .
tr	7	Driving out to Eaton Bishop they discussed the case in hand .
tr	11	The young attendant tried and failed to keep his eyes from Layla 's scarf .
tr	11	Taylor laughed in relief , he had been waiting for a chance to discuss his thoughts with Lilly Ann .
tr	8	" What has come to you ? "
tr	9	Johnny could hide inside the foliage while Vivian checked out the lobby . "
tr	11	He only had two hand grenades , and he would have to make them count .
tr	10	She even looks like me , although that 's where the comparisons end .
tr	9	" It 's where he defeated the Empress one thousand years ago . "
tr	6	" Beast , " Neil said under his breath .
tr	7	It was the old man from the daguerreotype .
tr	8	His beard seemed to confirm his story .
tr	9	" We need more information , and maybe he only intends to scare him . "
tr	8	After all , he was nothing more than a hawk in the sky and was no threat to them .
tr	6	My voice sounded weak and raspy even to my own ears .
tr	11	Mary had to jog to keep up .
tr	8	I want to get a ride too . "
tr	10	He crept to one of the windows and pulled back the curtain to reveal a low , cushioned window seat .
tr	8	" Let 's start with the landscaping . "
tr	9	There was no other explanation for it other than the wolf was your ghost spirit .
tr	5	" You saved her life . "
tr	9	Right now , the Confederation has turned a great deal of attention on Humanity and your task is to help them .
tr	11	Those socks looked like they had seen a good week of adventure in Peshawar without a wash .
tr	8	The bastard is probably the only one still awake .
tr	7	Then Jonesy 's ear detected a lesser roar from below his feet .
tr	5	" Yes , yes you have , " Marshall answered , completely serious .
tr	11	Fires were already laid all through the house , for which we were grateful .
tr	8	There 's a whole drawer filled with bottled water .
tr	7	The Bastian driver shifted gears and slammed on the accelerator .
tr	9	He perched on the edge of the seat , leaned forwards and rested his elbows on his knees .
tr	9	" You 're gon na be alright . "
tr	8	He said , handing it back to her .
tr	7	The windows on the second and third floors were evenly spaced and the steeply pitched roof guaranteed an attic .
tr	9	We also have two of our own back at the third vehicle .
tr	9	I 'll bring her in with me in the morning . "
tr	9	Worst of all , our sacred gift was used with aggression against innocent lives .
tr	11	Crew members , crowded around the console , tried to understand what was happening .
tr	9	The summoned man was flying from door to door back down the hallway , throwing them open .
tr	8	One day I 'll write a book about it .
tr	9	" I 'll keep a lookout , " Gabe says and quickly strolls to the other side of the car .
tr	11	I really must get in the habit of checking the forecast .
tr	9	But they did not hesitate in giving up their lives when in battle .
tr	9	Little Mink , whom they only knew as an enemy , had a spear in his side .
tr	6	Then , eyes on me , she whispered , " God , I envy him . "
tr	10	Chris guessed the numbers were a code of some sort .
tr	10	Her voice is solemn but beneath it I catch a hiccup of fear .
tr	9	" And wrote an article about it that 's a total lie . "
tr	10	I tried to get away from the two young ones but Kayla was determined and refused to let go .
tr	10	Refusing to question Mai 's resolve , he marches up to the obstacle , bracing himself to push .
tr	9	" I wonder if I might try something ? "
tr	9	The shop was dark and bustling with tourists browsing such delights as Kendal Mint Cake and Rum Butter .
tr	6	" Stay here , " Ben called out , already at the stairwell .
tr	9	Adele noted the familiarity in his use of the word ' home ' and was envious of it .
tr	9	Help us dispose of them , or we join them .
tr	5	' Oh , yes , sir , ' said the sergeant .
tr	9	His gaze kept shifting towards the trapdoor -- he expected reinforcements .
tr	9	Firstly , he would have a coffee and get some information about the locals .
tr	9	She nodded , managed something that sounded like yes .
tr	9	The girl nodded and this time I let her shut the door .
tr	10	I can only imagine the look on his face when he takes the blindfold off himself .
tr	9	I must be experiencing some kind of memory blackout .
tr	10	" Is that a radiation detector in the boss 's hand ? "
tr	7	You all have failed in your tasks ! "
tr	5	A single bite , a single swallow , and the mouse was gone .
tr	11	She shrieked without meaning to , nearly dropping the guitar on her toes .
tr	10	I just talked and talked to get her off our backs . "
tr	6	" Yeah , he 's dead alright , " " But he 's breathing , " James gasped .
tr	8	Or he 'd take over and lock me in my room .
tr	11	" Rift , " he nods , rapidly feeling awkward in the environment of death .
tr	8	" Sit down and I 'll show you , " Neil said .
tr	7	Wolf Eyes woke him , got him to his feet and took him to the creek .
tr	9	She quivered , as her hands shook over her vile mouth .
tr	11	She wished the words unsaid as soon as she uttered them .
tr	11	Do you know what that means ? "
tr	6	' Sleep well , friend , ' the shadow smiled and patted the old soldiers head .
tr	5	" We are almost there , boy .
tr	9	Strauss 's chronicled the progress of the scientist 's research and held detailed personal background information on him and his colleagues .
tr	6	As the book ignited , odd and unusual colors streamed from the pages .
tr	7	Turning the Jeep Cherokee onto the castle fields , I drove along the rough track and parked near the ruined wall .
tr	8	Sarah shook her head and felt tears welling up .
tr	7	" You want to be .
tr	5	" Through centuries , " she continues , " all your secrets and shame .
tr	11	Do you know how it happened ? "
tr	10	Also , he is expecting you to be on your own .
tr	8	Around each of the mahogany tops surrounding the dens of liquid pleasure were about forty barstools .
tr	8	" Is that all you can do ? "
tr	7	" I do not remember but ... " He broke off with a weak smile .
tr	11	Let everyone know when they decide to get here .
tr	10	She pulls a set of glasses out of her back pocket and places them over her eyes .
tr	9	Josh turned and walked back to where she stood .
tr	6	Some pieces of trash weren 't real clues .
tr	6	" Your studies start early tomorrow morning and it is very important . "
tr	8	" She could come with us and fight . "
tr	9	Am I that out of touch now ? "
tr	10	When I overheard Kurt talking with Fuchs , it sealed things .
tr	6	" Same place I got the first bit , Aidan Kinney .
tr	10	He laughs returning to picking things up .
tr	10	No stomachache or pretend fever was going to get him out of that .
tr	9	" We didn 't expect him to be there . "
tr	11	Alita yelled as she stormed out of the water holding up her inner tube .
tr	8	I knew he was right .
tr	8	I needed to find an exit .
tr	10	" Of course , honey , swimming will be much easier than walking , I 'm sure .
tr	11	Anyway , he turned back on his work ... there was a lot of things to do .
tr	7	But only for a second and then switch back to invisible mode . "
tr	9	She sees a grenade launcher and knows they only have seconds to live .
tr	11	I notice right away that she is shamelessly over imbued with good features .
tr	5	" That , the minister didn 't say .
tr	8	Ask your mothers to teach you manners .
tr	7	Why don 't you join us for a drink ?
tr	11	All around lay bodies in piles of the enemy and further attempts to attack him were hesitant .
tr	8	Both coffins fall out of Warrior 's belly and the dragon drifts slowly away .
tr	10	Amy glanced towards her flatmates and smiled at Calvin who watched .
tr	7	" Maybe not by your design , but certainly by your actions . "
tr	6	At his sides , the walls to the cavern dripped with bodily fluids from the other victims .
tr	9	They 're off limits I 'm afraid . '
tr	9	" Hopefully we have a long time until that happens , " the big man said .
tr	6	After insurmountable time the strand grew larger , its thoughts more vivid , its intention everlasting .
tr	5	I even checked the missing children sites .
tr	9	If the true spirits had bodies , this is what they would look like .
tr	11	Her ears filled with the sound of breathing , punctuated by the dripping of water .
tr	9	The rehearsals are fun , but a girl can only be Puck for so long . "
tr	11	I have probably lost my only chance to ever attend school and help support my family .
tr	10	What do you do with a sack full of unwashed clothes and no one to party with ? "
tr	6	" On an unrelated note , Tavi , your friend Fade , the slave , is well .
tr	5	Of course , Elana , Tarquin and the film crew missed it completely .
tr	11	" You must have got up early to have got this organised though . "
tr	6	" What are you getting at , Dad ? "
tr	11	He would observe how it worked when the shooting started .
tr	5	' But maybe this world is not the old world ? '
tr	6	" Now it was pleasing , " the Old Wizard glanced at her with a wide grin .
tr	10	Looks like it 's up to me .
tr	8	Great goodness ; she wanted him to explain ?
tr	5	" No , you aren 't , " he said softly , menacingly .
tr	8	" You wouldn 't believe how many friends this guy had .
tr	10	Not in some far off mysterious place but right here on this very Earth !
tr	8	At the distant , people were clamoring to each other , forming a blaring crowd .
tr	9	" The front of the coin , that 's called the obverse .
tr	10	The older man looked to be the same age as Beppe .
tr	7	His grip was firm and he hauled her to her feet as if she were a child .
tr	7	The barb held briefly , then unhooked leaving a small hole the size of a needle prick .
tr	9	' Shit , ' Anatole said softly as he stared through the windscreen .
tr	9	And I haven 't seen him since to apologize . "
tr	6	Back at the cottage , a hot breakfast of scrambled eggs , biscuits and tea awaited him .
tr	6	The band of the fox stood before King Richard , with their eyes on the carpet .
tr	8	She turned her back to leave .
tr	7	Still puzzled , thinking something just wasn 't right , Chris hurriedly followed .
tr	10	" Very well , I will answer any requests you have , " T addressed everyone .
tr	11	" Did you say you found oats ?
tr	10	Mark was listening as he walked out of the snack bar .
tr	10	Chris looked up in time to see the rope coming his way .
tr	7	He swept her from her feet and onto the bed in record time .
tr	7	He climbed over the back seat into the cargo compartment and started digging for his prized equipment .
tr	7	The intro music came to an end and ... ' Oh my God they 're crap , ' Amy said .
tr	10	" Make sure you hold on tight to the banister .
tr	10	" Corporal Evans here , how may I assist you . "
tr	7	He packed his lute and what little provisions he had into a sack .
tr	6	What happened this time ? "
tr	8	I 'm not sure what this means .
tr	10	If we anchored close to shore , the watch would be doubled and armed .
tr	6	" Ready Jim Stalin , " Jack nodded , " See you in two chapters ! "
tr	9	" That 's not going to be particularly fun .
tr	8	I 'll be right back -- you can watch from the window . "
tr	8	Her reaction to the missing Trojan had been distinctly different to mine .
tr	9	He lowered the pistol and walked over to the pile of debris .
tr	6	" Ride if you want , " she said , " my own legs are good enough for me . "
tr	10	Jacob continued to heal , although any large movements sent jolts of pain through his back .
tr	10	The minutes felt like hours as he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out his Elgin pocket watch .
tr	9	Maria smiled and continued to eat her salad .
tr	6	" And as warm as bathwater , " Lex jumped in .
tr	9	Several tense seconds pass , the only sound within the alcove being the steady crackle of the torches .
tr	10	He nodded and Jim moved in passing him a folder .
tr	11	Not wanting to speak to Danny she rang friends trusting Katherine would ring the flat .
tr	7	When there was no response , Matt reached up , yanked the axe out of the body and dropped it .
tr	9	The rain will weather and break down some of the lava .
tr	9	I have to keep moving .
tr	6	A small sliding hatch opened and an angry looking eye stared out at him from the other side .
tr	11	A myriad of sounds ranging from cool through psychedelic to insane blossomed .
tr	5	" You , on the other hand , sound awfully chipper this morning . "
tr	8	" You said to wear spy clothes . "
tr	8	" The crew wanted to hang the old captain .
tr	8	Drake moved away from the monitor and back to me .
tr	6	Should I go get dad ? "
tr	9	You flogged that from the display didn 't you !
tr	7	" You took out my escort , how surprising , " Gwendolyn announces .
tr	10	But how and why Malcolm knew Peyton dropped to the bottom of my list of questions .
tr	6	Despite his English origins , this seemed more a ' math ' than a ' mathematics ' type situation to Martin .
tr	10	" If they ever drain the pool at the Olympics , I 've got a shot to beat you ! "
tr	9	It will soon bloom in a matter of minutes .
tr	8	As he spoke she could feel his breath stirring her hair .
tr	10	Sure 'n he has a fine shop , an ' most all the tools necessary fer us to get started .
tr	11	I knew what I wanted to say , I 'd practised it in my head .
tr	5	The whole hangar had large , powerful bright lights everywhere .
tr	8	I 'm not really feeling better about anything , but a long shower helps clear my head .
tr	9	he saw Jen 's eyebrows go up in surprise .
tr	11	Alex turned to see four of the flying insects approaching .
tr	8	Rift asks , checking his footing and growing defensive .
tr	10	For example , anytime someone needs something , there 's somebody there to provide it .
tr	7	I brushed the heavy snow off the rocks and searched for a handhold .
tr	6	A simple black cocktail dress , the one Uncle Macon bought me last summer in Rome .
tr	8	The girl began to shift form .
tr	10	He activated his tablet , causing the main screen to display the latest progress report .
tr	5	At the corner , Clint stopped , nodded and wished Chewy good luck .
tr	10	The park is where she goes to think .
tr	9	The renegades managed to take over the living room and pushed us down into the basement .
tr	7	Julian looked for a blanket in a drawer and covered her with a large red cotton blanket .
tr	6	" I will fight , but you give me my trainer back ! "
tr	7	Rafe 's eyes narrowed , swift suspicion filling his mind .
tr	8	The forest will certainly kill him , but his chances of survival don 't seem any better in his current setting .
tr	9	" I mean , what a freak accident , right ?
tr	7	The rising fist glances off Rift 's cheek , and he narrowly evades the knockout punch .
tr	9	" As I was saying , you 'll be executed for Phillip 's murder .
tr	6	Through the darkness , smoke , and artificial fog , her pale dress shone out like a beacon .
tr	9	" Miss , you need to get out at once .
tr	6	Gabe turns his face toward me .
tr	5	" You had a life .
tr	9	It was the latest light transport helicopter adopted by the US military , " Ted replied .
tr	10	I lied to my dad and broke rules so I could find you .
tr	9	But there is no need to keep the girl .
tr	7	' We 're in Virginia , in the Blue Ridge Mountains , ' said Reid at my side .
tr	7	We 're indebted to you .
tr	6	" No , not really , " said Heston , with a gloomy face .
tr	9	Claire cursed her impromptu decision to leave the Peak District and head south .
tr	8	One old cow , her back scarred and one ear reduced to tatters , snorted angrily and searched the brush .
tr	9	An ' yet ... on the other hand ... " He turned to look up at the captain .
tr	8	Let me explain this shuttle 's systems .
tr	8	The moon was huge and bright , casting everything in a thin silver light .
tr	5	" And the rear thrusters ... " Mac said .
tr	10	The bomb was supposed to work without a hitch . '
tr	10	His eyes narrow onto the mystery door , which now stands open .
tr	8	She heard John yell out : " You got ' im !
tr	7	Neither seems offended by his moniker .
tr	10	And Layla had sworn in God 's name that she would wear it always .
tr	5	In his younger days , your father was a champion . "
tr	7	I started even louder to yell .
tr	6	My gaze shifted to the satellite image on the screen .
tr	9	Just inside the dark edge of the forest straight ahead something mimicked Ricky .
tr	6	To his surprise , a scrawny young woman stepped from the shadows .
tr	6	You are mine , " he seethed .
tr	7	He lowered his head and brushed against her lips .
tr	10	Eda winced and scowled as the comb caught on another knot and snagged .
tr	8	Slowly , she released what she 'd gathered .
tr	7	Getting out of bed he slipped on his jeans , a sweatshirt and his Timberland shoes .
tr	5	Tapping , tapping , tapping my fingers .
tr	7	She gasped and nudged him with both feet .
tr	10	A light that I hadn 't seen in weeks flickered in his eyes .
tr	10	" Viv , at the risk of sounding like a record , we haven 't kept in touch .
tr	10	It was her fault and arguing would just probably make him hate her more .
tr	9	This was glory ; this was conquest : the bleeding out of a child soldier .
tr	7	In precisely two minutes Mac 's six foot four inch frame filled a substantial portion of her doorway .
tr	5	In its place crept a cool chill , a restless anger , an annoyance , a fury .
tr	10	Furthermore , this never would have occurred when Mr. Pearson ran the Company . "
tr	7	Unseen by the camera the sisters quickly put their glasses into their bags and left .
tr	8	" Fire , then , but not on these poor living things . "
tr	7	He would be getting his ship back .
tr	7	Ted jumped down to the ground and pulled the pin from the grenade .
tr	7	They already regarded the leftovers as theirs , and their dark , luminous eyes watched passersby with warning .
tr	9	Chapter 12 Gabe tells me that we 're going home .
tr	8	Several more canisters started hitting the ground around Mark and Josie in rapid succession .
tr	10	I could hear his jaws clattering , his mouth scraping against itself again and again .
tr	7	A few crows spiralled out of the night sky and landed on the rooftop .
tr	8	Here we still work in stone , as well as use the most modern tools . "
tr	11	Besides , I told her I 'd take care of her .
tr	9	Agent Keen stepped away from the wall of the hotel and waved for his men to come out .
tr	6	" Actually , " Fitzgerald said , " we should go southeast . "
tr	11	More fool me thinking they could behave for five minutes .
tr	11	Do not sit trying to manufacture feelings .
tr	10	He adopted an even tone in the hopes that it would keep them steady .
tr	10	They killed the others and this bear of a man tackled me from behind , pinning my arms .
tr	11	" I 'm so close to figuring out how it works !
tr	8	" Be careful , " she said , pointing at the man .
tr	8	His ambition has , at times , overcome his sense of judgment .
tr	10	Sofia arced a brow , wondering what the two was whispering about .
tr	7	Austin was proud of his comment .
tr	7	" How 's it hangin ' , Luke ? "
tr	8	I whisper Grand 's taunt over and over again , the syllables creased and worn with use .
tr	10	This went on for several minutes until they had over thirty questions scribbled hastily by a happy Christy .
tr	6	Ervin and Mariam , with Serena close behind , round a corner , almost running into another group .
tr	6	Taking a poker , she began to jab at the coals .
tr	11	They walked through the public areas where people lined up to buy tickets .
tr	9	What would your Mummy say if you fell and hurt yourself ?
tr	10	She shoved back to look at Rick 's face , " What ?
tr	11	Everyone has to be able to dream .
tr	7	With a jaunty flick of his thumb he turns the device on and places it against his ear .
tr	6	Somewhere along the line , his kiss went from sheer aggression and command , to absolute tenderness .
tr	9	" If you knew who I was , why didn 't you say anything ? "
tr	9	An infantryman next to me shoved me lower , swearing something about staff officers under his breath .
tr	5	" But I 'm a cop , man , not a treasure hunter .
tr	6	Not cracking wide open like Ophelia .
tr	8	Her word had no weight here , especially not where Branden was concerned .
tr	7	Two hours later Mac closed her case , thanked them both , and almost left without her purple sandals .
tr	6	" We beached it together and we threw the paddles right here .
tr	5	" Not at all , " Franklin 's breathing was deep and forced .
tr	11	Do you have an aunt or something named Marissa ? "
tr	7	Syd gave me a smile and was cool about the phone .
tr	7	Horses are not like golf carts , you know .
tr	8	His whole family was endangered by one man 's insanity .
tr	10	" I thought they were up in Alaska .
tr	8	Riki subjected to her mother 's hug and plopped onto her bottom in the grass , sighing dramatically .
tr	6	He heard voices yet again but this time someone picked up his arm ... and then the blackness .
tr	7	" There 's no time for that .
tr	10	She kept walking while looking down .
tr	9	As Mark approached a surprised Cletus and Pete , he asked them something strange .
tr	6	After a startled glance , he tentatively threaded his arm through hers .
tr	11	His muscles flexed on his shoulders without him trying to show off .
tr	6	" I don 't care , I don 't want him here . "
tr	7	" You , I assume , are the new emissary to the court ? "
tr	5	But for the time being Caesar 's box was empty .
tr	5	" Fur , bananas , crap throwing , the whole bit . "
tr	6	" A manor house and a little girl with red hair , and preparations for a wedding .
tr	9	But he said he would not harm his own crew .
tr	6	Bethany 's eyes suddenly focused on Nathan 's with fierce anger .
tr	10	I thought you 'd left us for good .
tr	10	In this critical moment , the beast hears the distinct sound of a chain snapping apart somewhere behind him .
tr	5	All his power and the accumulation of frustration and hunger behind the thrust .
tr	6	" Is that you ? "
tr	9	They are all I have , " Ted replied .
tr	7	From under the car she stood on , a crack appeared in the asphalt .
tr	11	I heard Allan say , " Thanks , Sherry , send him in . "
tr	9	They were coming to pick him up .
tr	6	" I 'm a warrior , baby .
tr	10	I don 't think any of us did .
tr	9	And that made me remember ?
tr	11	He 'll want us to do something about it , " said Cheeks .
tr	9	They saw several deer running with great leaps , and then they saw the wolf pack .
tr	9	" The minorities were absorbed , that 's all . "
tr	6	With his pant leg gone , Corporal Fletcher 's right leg was fully exposed .
tr	10	Simon 's run had now become a routine that he carried out every morning prior to breakfast .
tr	9	Make sure you post pictures .
tr	9	I wanted to know why .
tr	9	We used to explore rock pools all the time , but that fellow is new to me .
tr	7	You 're not last in anything .
tr	5	No longer grey and inconsequential his enthusiasm , confidence and sincerity captured their attention .
tr	11	Turning bright crimson she turned and fled into the Haematology Department , where night and day fused into one .
tr	7	" This enhanced hearing , " I tap my ear , " could come in handy . "
tr	10	Joe seemed to be a little out of breath also .
tr	11	We 've a litter for you , if you 're too weak to ride . "
tr	8	The immortal turned to Roman with a look of clear distaste on his face .
tr	9	Every Friday he and a group of friends did live music at the downtown coffee shop his church owned .
tr	10	Gail was having trouble understanding what had happened .
tr	9	As I said before mum 's estate is already a done deal .
tr	6	I trust you , " he gave her a small but meaningful smile .
tr	5	A hiss and the rain starts again .
tr	11	This was followed by several other human scientists in the room with similar devices reacting the same way .
tr	9	A roar bellows from the dark lord 's lips as he lunges into a finishing blow .
tr	10	Bethan 's words caused bile to rise in Claire 's throat .
tr	9	Alejo reluctantly forced himself to eat and gulp down coffee .
tr	8	" We 're contributing twenty-three percent of the total budget .
tr	6	She has three children , Arline , Odette and Paul , one grandchild , Nathan .
tr	8	Then Sky reached forwards and planted a kiss on the baby 's forehead .
tr	8	Unfortunately , his dramatic efforts worked on everyone but me .
tr	7	They were always talking about ' the guest . '
tr	7	I pulled out a water bottle and held it up to his lips .
tr	7	' And then came the thaw , and the kids all got better -- to a boy and girl .
tr	7	In addition to her bonds , there was a gag in her mouth .
tr	6	That wasn 't nice , I guess , " she admitted , in a softer and chastened voice .
tr	7	" What do you mean by worse ? "
tr	6	Rich husband , incredible job - " " All the money in the world can 't buy happiness . "
tr	6	I 'm a little tired .
tr	9	Why did he want -- ?
tr	9	" Bastards , " Kevin said softly as the final tally came up on the screen .
tr	9	Her demeanour , apart from that faint flicker of unease , was composed .
tr	9	' This is what Helena was bringing me . '
tr	6	Both are a size too large .
tr	8	" How , Mr. Genius ?
tr	10	" You know Abby , I don 't know , with you I feel much myself .
tr	10	The chase was on , as Little Mink left his vantage point and was in hot pursuit .
tr	10	Why would we need some person to take away our sins ?
tr	7	I put my arms around his waist and dug my face into his jacket .
tr	8	It really had been one hell of a show .
tr	5	All of a sudden she had an idea .
tr	10	Finally , we let go and flopped down side by side , spent , and breathing like racehorses .
tr	6	A little freaked I think , but to her benefit , she handles crazy well .
tr	6	Her eyes were wide and wild , her mouth partial y open in a toothy , hungry grin .
tr	8	" You said she was asleep ! "
tr	11	So assuming Captain Green is successful in his mission , we only have to worry about the northern area . "
tr	10	' Possibly ' , he said , ' but I don 't have the finances to take the gamble ' .
tr	7	Good try partner , but I 'm done , he thought .
tr	5	" I bury her . "
tr	10	There 's this solid connection between the dead guys and an old SAS team that operated in Sarawak .
tr	9	Where we were and why .
tr	6	These finishing touches gave the stones a unique look , feel , and shine .
tr	7	The force lifts her off the floor and sends her flying against the opposite wall .
tr	8	Howard nodded his assistant out of the office before addressing the intruders .
tr	8	Rafe stood , moving out of her way with reluctance .
tr	11	He had to admit it was a nice one .
tr	5	" To new things , " she said , and they both drank .
tr	9	Then she showed her maneuverability as she moved around the stage .
tr	9	Lance holds onto the rail with both hands , a sly grin forms on his lips .
tr	7	William caught Victoria smiling , almost glowing again .
tr	5	On the outside , Malcolm 's rationale made sense .
tr	11	When their eyes met , it felt as if she had been waiting for him .
tr	7	" This poor car , man , " Bobby shook his head and reached into his pocket .
tr	10	I should have known something like this would happen .
tr	7	" Don 't tell the people such a fanciful story , " Harald said .
tr	7	Moving in slow-motion , the emotion in the hero 's eyes is not rage or hatred .
tr	9	She has carried him as far as she could .
tr	10	" Sounds like you have everything under control , Kobi . "
tr	7	" It was rocky from the beginning , connecting in fits and starts .
tr	10	He somehow felt like he had some slight leverage with Billy .
tr	6	" Well , I borrow it from my dad . "
tr	7	" You are indeed evil , Ganon , but you are not without reason .
tr	11	" We suffer ; we suffer in agony for horrible periods of time . "
tr	5	At that moment , in his mind , Joe B. gave up .
tr	7	ToC * * * * * Chapter 16 Pied Piper The next day the three apprentices set off toward the woods .
tr	11	I took what was left of her old clothes and tossed them in the cockpit .
tr	6	I would never forget that kiss .
tr	10	The giant had made a huge mistake by fighting him in the pool .
tr	10	" You have no need to explain yourself to me . "
tr	10	" Do you want to live ? "
tr	7	Joey stopped and knelt over me , his hands on his knees , grinning from ear to ear .
tr	10	He remembered how excited he was for his first raid a few months ago .
tr	9	The bar started to fill up , not good this .
tr	8	" Mr. Conductor , please have them tell Harry 's son that his father , and girlfriend are safe . "
tr	11	Only individuals who can prove they , or their immediate family , permanently reside within the JP will be admitted .
tr	5	Despite his freakish strength and bulging muscles , the stranger 's grip was gentle .
tr	9	I will take it back to the council and Mr. Philips , and propose it as a mutually beneficial arrangement . "
tr	10	Run us onto a sandbar , knockin ' a hole in the hull .
tr	7	John looked to his second in command ' Ok , Terry it 's your call . '
tr	11	Evidently when he made his plans , he would have to make allowances for the corporal .
tr	8	Uncle Jim loved sailing , spent half his life in the great outdoors .
tr	6	Theodosia swore , jumped back and released the girl .
tr	8	He took his meals through an IV bag and spent his waking hours watching daytime soap operas .
tr	7	But he 's across the street and he 's booking it . "
tr	10	He turned to look at her , but she wouldn 't make eye contact .
tr	5	Seconds later , a gruff voice barked a mildly disgruntled ' Oui ? '
tr	8	Right now , we 're looking for something , " Ted replied .
tr	9	It veered across the road , mounted the pavement and crashed into the front facade of a bank .
tr	9	He 'd probably still be alive and enjoying the nightly strip shows to this day .
tr	5	With this creature , only a cold , unyielding blackness met his probing touch .
tr	10	John hadn 't said much but she understood that Alan was a bit shaken .
tr	10	With a big grin on her face she circles about to let everyone see her joy .
tr	7	From that distance , the tunnel looked larger , but it was as dark as an unopened tomb .
tr	10	I don 't know what came over me . "
tr	5	The forest ranger , Moses , held a modified tape recorder thing .
tr	9	The night was his natural time of day to be active .
tr	8	Again and again the two swords crossed in parries and flurries of blows .
tr	9	I walked to the steel door and stared through the oval glass port in the top half of the panel .
tr	9	We didn 't mean to terrorise you .
tr	5	But the window coverings , mere feet away , didn 't so much as twitch .
tr	8	Peering inside he finds an older , heavy set man lying on a bed .
tr	6	When it hit , a great ball of flame leaped up from a forested region close to the Tunguska River .
tr	8	" The meals I have been eating lately , " and she rolled her eyes .
tr	10	He is gasping for breath , trying to hide it .
tr	6	They used him , he used them , it was the unspoken deal and both parties understood .
tr	9	Joseph promised to keep in touch .
tr	8	With nothing to do , Mike pulled up a visual of the attack .
tr	7	The army wives just wouldn 't accept her but she developed her own life .
tr	6	Rafe felt horribly uncomfortable under her unflinching glaze .
tr	9	" We 're going to find it together .
tr	5	Smoke , alarms , sprinklers , overhead sirens , and flashing lights followed .
tr	10	" I think you 're in shock , " Josie said .
tr	11	We left the lab and started to explore the rest of the building .
tr	9	" I 'll probably be outside before you even get off the elevator . "
tr	9	I can 't help you unless you give me water . "
tr	11	They think your trip is suicidal so they want the money up front . "
tr	7	In the next instant my other hand focused a pulse at Vito and ripped the knife from his hands .
tr	11	They 're trying to kill us , " David replied , almost hysterical .
tr	10	" Whatever gets found no matter what history gets changed .
tr	11	After that first meeting , the boy was hustled away from Miriam whenever there was a chance of a meeting .
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	10	We 've got to go with him . "
tr	6	I won 't tell the Khan .
tr	7	" You and I are not remembering the same thing , " Jason says .
tr	5	" Come on , Mike , " she said .
tr	7	Just the sight of him froze her mind and set her heart on fire .
tr	10	From what you said , Jacob may not be able to travel though .
tr	8	Despite the air conditioner rattling away in the corner , she broke out in a heavy sweat .
tr	11	We as humans are at our best when we set and work towards goals .
tr	5	" Hey , Dr. Portman 's place isn 't far down the road .
tr	10	She took stock of what had happened .
tr	7	" Get your hands off me , " Lisa spits , pushing her hand away .
tr	8	I don 't expect a peasant like you to understand .
tr	5	All key radio , television , cell phone and telephone transmission towers , substations and exchanges were destroyed .
tr	10	" I 'm sure they could work around it .
tr	11	The vehicle convoy was comprised of three Land Rovers with bodyguards in each .
tr	10	If he peered back into the gray haze of their homeland they would certainly see it in his face .
tr	9	His words simply spoken were " I am one and I am all .
tr	10	Most of the time she made the Watcher practically carry her in .
tr	10	" Is there anything I may do for you ? "
tr	10	She 's familiar with that area and might consider it safer than any place else here . "
tr	9	Nice to know you care .
tr	11	Every noise that sounded close to a ping or ricochet sent fear coursing through my veins .
tr	9	" Tate 's right ; we have to chance it .
tr	10	A three-year-old started singing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and everyone clapped when she finished .
tr	6	Even under the open sky their best escape route was up the hill .
tr	7	Her voice was a bare whisper in the night .
tr	9	As soon as he was in the air , he knew that he had overshot his mark .
tr	5	" You know , things our characters can and can 't do .
tr	7	Her mother looked at her in shock , grabbing her shoulders .
tr	11	He nervously turned his head to see Carter rushing forward .
tr	10	What is this secret you can 't tell your best friend ? "
tr	6	" Get off of me ! "
tr	6	" You sure are in a hurry ! "
tr	9	The heavens were filled with angels welcoming Christ .
tr	9	And what would he think of calling his son Sir Brand ?
tr	9	I hear a door opening and closing below us , feel a familiar energy .
tr	7	Feeling wetness on her face , she quickly wiped a hand over her eyes , a bit embarrassed .
tr	10	I know something has to change .
tr	9	The idea had some appeal , he wasn 't cut out to be a monk .
tr	6	Rafe 's face took on a relaxed , peaceful cast .
tr	7	The governess read a book and sang something softly in an unknown language .
tr	7	Someone is having a good time back there . "
tr	9	Do you need that ? "
tr	5	The tree did though . "
tr	9	Kurt got back to his feet and took off in pursuit of his nephew .
tr	5	The guy is a great cook . "
tr	7	Alejo 's ribcage rose shakily , then he gagged and shuddered into the wool blanket .
tr	8	Nathan stared hard at the meek man in front of him .
tr	9	There were lots of perfectly good reasons for her absence .
tr	8	Granted , we did not know anyone , but this could simply be by chance " .
tr	8	Right now he was sweating profusely his breath rasping in his chest .
tr	8	She lectured me on the upper classes ' disregard for the smaller communities living outside the city limits .
tr	6	My hands drop away from her wrist .
tr	10	He suddenly wished he had kept trying .
tr	10	Anastasia ground her teeth together and turned to continue toward the conference room .
tr	10	She heard kids laughing from behind her back as she stood up .
tr	11	I asked if she would act as translator , Connie also knew a little French and came along to listen in .
tr	7	" No , no , " Rift quickly denies , shaking his head .
tr	9	Tell him to get moving .
tr	6	' Sorry , man , ' I said , ' I didn 't know . '
tr	8	" You know what 's funny ? "
tr	10	In the meantime we need to start shifting these rocks .
tr	8	The old man took his glasses off and leaned towards Tim , holding a steady gaze .
tr	10	She led me down a long hallway , nodding silently to several monks along the way .
tr	9	It was harder to hold her up , but at least she wasn 't in pain .
tr	11	She had to steady herself with her hands against the table .
tr	6	" For an inhumanly brilliant spiritual entity , you can really miss the freaking point . "
tr	9	Should he go up to the manor and talk to his Lordship about the suspicious guest .
tr	7	Would you mind posting a review ?
tr	11	I knew I needed to shut Dexter up .
tr	10	" I 'm just going to tell you straight up , buddy , " said Jacob , facing William .
tr	10	He was speaking with a small wizened man dressed solely in black .
tr	11	I need to start living for now .
tr	11	I could see hard , green apples sprouting on the branches around me .
tr	7	" Well , then , " said Reggie in a calm , resigned voice .
tr	5	" About eighty years , maybe more , maybe less . "
tr	11	A Rose Priestess who schemed for Church in order to better the lives of all her sex ?
tr	10	" There isn 't anyone who would take us ? "
tr	9	After a few minutes the ride became smoother and the clouds started to break up a little .
tr	10	" Are you sure we can 't use your magic ? "
tr	7	Her arms wrapped around my middle and she pushed .
tr	7	Well OK if you prefer .
tr	11	" What 's that got to do with anything , Hank ? "
tr	7	Just ahead of Beth , a short , delicate girl was abruptly engulfed by a paralysing energy field .
tr	8	' Come out , come out , wherever you are ! '
tr	7	What if I were a wolf or something ? "
tr	6	" That 's not true , " said Anderson forcefully .
tr	10	He said to keep in touch all day .
tr	11	The jaws of an iron trap had closed on her leg , with teeth that sank deep and held .
tr	10	" Drew , let 's get everyone together in the main salon for a few minutes .
tr	5	Carry on chief , " the captain orders stiffly .
tr	11	Helen wanted to believe he was honorable .
tr	7	When the struggle was over , they grabbed me from behind and took me outside .
tr	8	However , the avuncular man with a remarkable resemblance to Shakespeare grabbed him and pulled him out of the maelstrom .
tr	10	But the Cove was HIS place , while they had places of their own .
tr	7	" Jimmy , you aren 't in any danger , " he said .
tr	10	You can tell by the quality of the bark as well as the height . "
tr	10	A stooped old man had taken his place , white hair trailing down his back : his disguise .
tr	10	Most people figure they 're more like snakes . "
tr	9	" I started to ask questions , but they didn 't like it one bit .
tr	9	I prevented the possibility of an intelligence leak , and the technology has been completed by the team without you .
tr	6	' Hell 's teeth boy , make your mind up , will you ? '
tr	9	He rose , his enormous muscles rippling in the firelight , and turned his back on the Prince .
tr	7	Join us ; please sit down . "
tr	7	Probably he was showing me he was far too important these days .
tr	11	" With the exception of another group somewhere to the south , " answered Nathan .
tr	9	She saw all his favorite spots overlooking the sea from different angles , and found the natives interesting .
tr	9	I 'll be on the sofa in the living room . "
tr	9	" Beau , why exactly are you so angry ? "
tr	9	I was wary of giving away our exact position .
tr	8	They wouldn 't trouble me anymore , but I hadn 't beat them , I had ducked them .
tr	7	Harper reached out , grabbed the small porcelain tiger figure from the mantelpiece , and put it in his pocket .
tr	9	They found a doctor there who looked after the guy on the stretcher .
tr	8	He glared at us out of his bloodshot right eye .
tr	6	They hire no seamstresses or cobblers , there ; their robes and sandals never need repair .
tr	8	He wasn 't Rick 's first choice for the job , nor his second or third .
tr	9	Do you love him ? "
tr	10	Before Finan knew what she was about she had moved forwards , thrusting her way between the crowd .
tr	8	Her skin is deathly pale with thick bluish veins just under her damp flesh .
tr	9	Michael 's spirit sent forth a signal that the child was in danger .
tr	9	Hard work , but today I get a reminder that in the end it all pays off .
tr	8	Rather grudgingly , Miriam admitted , " I never knew that was there . "
tr	10	I struggled , trying to buy time .
tr	8	" Guys , the cab is arriving in 5 minutes , " Stacy ran in .
tr	8	I 've faced my share of threats before . "
tr	10	I hurried out of the cabin this had been prearranged so that Linda could eves drop .
tr	9	I was thinking the same thing about her , so I didn 't argue .
tr	7	Simon recalled me instantly and was more than welcoming .
tr	10	" Do you wish to talk ? "
tr	10	The CNRS campus was on a one hundred and sixty acre estate within the town itself .
tr	5	" So , tact and diplomacy aren 't your strong suit ? "
tr	8	Immediately regretting its decision to attack , the recoiling squid dives back into the water with a painful whimper .
tr	9	In one respect , he was exceptional -- responding to a crisis .
tr	9	There was an access panel in the ceiling of the cabin .
tr	9	Chris asked , unconsciously running his fingers along his once rubbed red raw neck .
tr	7	I am more an antique Roman than a Dane . '
tr	8	Due to our fuel needs , Mr. Jones , we need to trash the rear C-5 cargo doors permanently .
tr	6	" Well , that 's handy , " Miriam said .
tr	6	Nathan strode through the woods back towards the rear position .
tr	7	They 're currently due east of our position . "
tr	9	A beautiful red rose appeared on his hand .
tr	7	Well , how about that , Neil mused .
tr	5	" Oh my God , " I said , hoarsely .
tr	7	They reside in the lower depths and spread their foul odors through their servants . "
tr	9	" I can 't keep waiting for you .
tr	8	" Hello , what brings you out this way on such a lovely afternoon ? "
tr	9	I doubt that it would make much difference . "
tr	9	Tim 's voice had its usual cheerful quality , but something sounded slightly off as if he were nervous or rushed .
tr	10	' We want to be razor sharp on stage .
tr	8	He let out an obviously painful cough as he got up .
tr	6	You led her to the cliffs .
tr	5	Not real champagne , but a decent sparkling wine , probably a California label .
tr	5	" He never told us .
tr	8	" This was the key to the side door , it won 't open the linen closet . "
tr	7	When did Diana tell her children about angels ?
tr	9	" But they weren 't even chained up when we found them . "
tr	10	Dear God , who will I be when and if we finally ever make it back home ?
tr	5	You asked and now you see . "
tr	10	The things he 'd wanted to say to her and never did .
tr	9	" Toni , what 's going on ?
tr	10	I knew I 'd sounded conceited .
tr	9	It looked to him like an ancient data pad with external input devices and a small color screen .
tr	8	Jason steps out of the tram , looks at the mess on the bulkhead then turns to Red .
tr	9	The result is a huge sparking jump portal , the event horizon displaying space around a distant blue world .
tr	9	Rows of tables and chairs set up for informal gatherings and for feeding the needy .
tr	6	" I have only one stipulation , " he told his son with a parting embrace .
tr	6	Aimee whispered , " You can do this . "
tr	5	Not after all the time we 've spent .
tr	11	He had to know how she did it .
tr	10	Invited him to take what he wanted .
tr	11	Allan sent notes telling of one delay after another finally a month after we got back there was something concrete .
tr	9	Whoever joins you will control it .
tr	6	" You look well , Lord Brogan . "
tr	7	He sat up and turned towards the girls sharply .
tr	6	Out of nervous habit , I looked back over my shoulder .
tr	6	" There was a shooting last night by the Eiffel .
tr	11	Once you get an idea of the location it might pay us to send a team in for a recce . "
tr	10	I followed in their wake , but I had resolved to do some dancing that evening .
tr	5	" God knows , we need a good laugh now and again . "
tr	11	A Creator could banish all of the arrows in an instant -- remove the material .
tr	6	* * * Nearby Raphael said , ' Hey Danny , Amy looks amazing .
tr	7	I 'm Dane Walker , and these are my friends , Derrick and Kobi Reed .
tr	7	" Thanks , but um ... no , I was pretty much planning on that one working .
tr	9	To make matters worse , I didn 't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves were pretty low .
tr	10	They traveled awkwardly through a dozen or more alleys until they reached one just a few yards from the gate .
tr	7	Poor man , he was taking it very hard .
tr	8	" I swear , I will have you on your knees before you die ! "
tr	8	He sent two legionaries , Donato and Piero , to go spy .
tr	9	" I have never smirked at anyone in my life ! "
tr	11	Maggie said , " There 's no time to train anyone .
tr	9	" Sorry , but you don 't look very scary to me . "
tr	6	' It 's a big wide wonderful universe all right , ' said the raven .
tr	11	You 're the civilian that is marked by the Syndicate .
tr	9	He would have to be extremely cautious .
tr	10	While they were down , Darkseid would open up with the flame thrower , cooking them where they cowered .
tr	10	Perhaps he will feel better if he has sleep .
tr	9	Do you need anything ? "
tr	8	But first , we need to get off this road .
tr	6	Frank pulled out his phone and opened the Friend Finder app .
tr	7	" Hello William , " said Jenny , returning to the office .
tr	9	And hard to figure out .
tr	8	Over the past few days the tension in the city had grown with even more violence and bloodshed foreseeable .
tr	8	But after their birth it disappeared , replaced by contentment and joy .
tr	6	Missy 's mom asked " Hi , Kevin .
tr	9	Then she turned around and saw that Stacy was up .
tr	8	He stomped past her toward the horses , keeping well clear of the mysterious sack .
tr	8	The night was chilly away from the fire , and they both hunched tighter against the cold .
tr	8	He did it in clear terms that even Kurt 's ten-year-old mind could comprehend .
tr	7	Jiminy crickets , he was spying on my family .
tr	10	Do what I need to do .
tr	9	Except he wasn 't greeted with bright blue eyes .
tr	5	But then , he was not an ordinary pirate .
tr	8	They are eyes burning with vengeance .
tr	6	They have a stationary central axis , this contains its computer and weapons system .
tr	6	Through the intercom Miss Glick announced , " Clay , there 's a reporter here from the Washington Post . "
tr	11	His tenderness towards me on one particular occasion reminds me when we were in the heart of Africa .
tr	10	I would hate for anyone to think me rude or inconsiderate . "
tr	7	The strike numbed the giant 's hands , and his sword clattered to the ground .
tr	6	The Bible speaks often of gold , both in good and bad ways .
tr	8	" What 's at the center of the Faith ? "
tr	9	" So what 's going to happen now ? "
tr	7	Then , to the obvious delight of both Zoomer 's he lowered his pistol , but not all the way down .
tr	10	Let 's just say it wasn 't a happy time for an introvert .
tr	10	" People like him don 't bother themselves with such questions .
tr	8	Mr. Clancy 's woodpile was around the back of the cottage .
tr	6	" But it would help you too ! "
tr	6	" Will he be all right ? "
tr	10	While my place was at the Emperor 's side , to risk escape now was certain death .
tr	6	Bad smells , skunky smells , burnt rubber smells , ashtray smells .
tr	6	The man cranked off a floating salute at his major before grinning .
tr	5	" Heck yeah , I need a lift ! "
tr	7	Fuchs is either alerted or soon to be .
tr	7	She 'd laugh at the irony .
tr	6	A mile in , we came to an old cottage with a man waiting outside .
tr	8	" Come on , " she said , the barest hint of softness creeping into her voice .
tr	7	Bethany and the boys were watching him and not moving .
tr	9	Ted turned in the direction that Melody had shot and saw the crossbow bolt .
tr	8	A deceased employee had never walked the halls of NET before .
tr	11	To his surprise , he was quite excited to pull on the new Commons pants and shirt .
tr	5	The creators of land , life , maybe even the gods .
tr	9	She can keep pirates at bay for now .
tr	11	We are all going to miss them so very much , " Aria states sadly .
tr	10	And what he saw there was red and bloody .
tr	6	" Well , nothing changes ... the numbers are always the same ... it 's just not that much fun .
tr	11	His plan involved getting her a message about the woman , and to be careful .
tr	8	I asked her as I sat up .
tr	8	Wasn 't that the name that Miriam had mentioned earlier ?
tr	7	He snatched the letter , crumpled it up , and threw it into the flame .
tr	10	It didn 't matter , because as expected , Pickett was still at his desk .
tr	7	On tiptoes , I approached # 307 and pressed my ear to the door .
tr	8	As suddenly as it began , it was over .
tr	9	Duke turned to look at them .
tr	5	" Not her , stupid , " Matthew told him .
tr	9	I wish you meant something by it !
tr	7	His father had always wanted so much from him .
tr	8	After a series of turns , they found themselves on the edge of an old warehouse district .
tr	6	" Last night , at the cave , and , um , with our mouths ? "
tr	7	I rose from the desk and joined him .
tr	8	Feeling around , I located a tiny crack and slipped the point of the axe into it .
tr	9	And Ben had asked his grandmother : " Who did Saint George defeat ? "
tr	7	" I mean , I am capable of it . "
tr	11	" Did you hope to tame him ?
tr	6	Your death will save thousands . "
tr	10	That 's when she reached over and turned on the water .
tr	5	" I found something too . "
tr	7	Then she shrugged out of the harness and headed back to terra firma .
tr	9	" I 've got to make some calls .
tr	6	' Yeah , but in fairy-tales , when someone dies ... it 's just a word . '
tr	5	" We still have a few hours ere nightfall . "
tr	11	observed Kevin , feeling guilt for the suffering that he had caused his son .
tr	8	Suddenly , she spied Mark , pinned under the flaming debris .
tr	7	He 's kept me on , you know .
tr	11	Sarah had to admit the tea tasted good against the bad day .
tr	8	All that he could do was simply hold his mum in his arms .
tr	8	Perhaps that familiar name , spoken by a familiar voice , was somehow engraved in its deepest most primitive memory .
tr	7	He had thought his predicament hopeless , ammunition running low , and the nearest help or shelter days away .
tr	9	" The pistol came out , the sniper called it in and before anyone could do anything , Chuck was down .
tr	8	I also cut two smaller pieces and taped his eyelids closed .
tr	9	Narrow handrails rose on the east side of the shaft and disappeared into the gloom .
tr	11	And he wouldn 't be able to wait for Lynn .
tr	6	To dry , he ran back and forth along the beach a few times .
tr	6	But the boy 's fondness could only get me so far .
tr	10	How come he doesn 't have a body ?
tr	5	I say , this beer 's good , isn 't it ?
tr	10	" So how do we make sure Red Flag keeps their mineral rights ? "
tr	8	" You shut up ; I 'm doing really serious work here . "
tr	8	All you care for is blood ! "
tr	7	He closed the distance by almost half before he stopped .
tr	7	I can feel a difference , though , " Missy said .
tr	7	We shall be upon them soon enough , Bron . "
tr	9	Because his records were not purged from the databases , the security system immediately recognized him .
tr	6	" Like I said , it wasn 't really a lie .
tr	8	People live like , what , a hundred years if they 're lucky ? "
tr	9	Now just quit complaining and do what you 're told ! "
tr	6	There was a Chinese restaurant , a liquor store , dry cleaner , and a small convenience store .
tr	7	I paused , collecting my words .
tr	10	Whether he was protecting me or the code I possessed , I 'll never know .
tr	5	" OK , what exactly happened that day ? "
tr	6	Pierre loved every moment with her .
tr	9	He slept the sleep of a contented man , his world perfect .
tr	9	It was going to be a negotiation .
tr	8	Preview of Duty : A Retelling of Waterloo - In addition to writing fiction , Seeley is a Napoleonic historian .
tr	10	She wasn 't going let this bullshit go unchallenged .
tr	9	" It could have a tie to that , but I am not learned in its lore . "
tr	10	" If they find out that I lifted that yolk I 'll lose my position and no bones about it ! "
tr	7	The chief , after some time , gathered the people , and they all walked slowly back to the village .
tr	9	But this generosity and nobility only served to deepen the pressure on the family .
tr	11	The JP had to array its forces in order to respond to any incursion along the entire southern border .
tr	8	You want him to be a killer !
tr	5	My fingers and toes were slightly numb .
tr	8	" I am , but I 'm not sure about the old man here . "
tr	8	She took care of the stable and guided the guests on horseback rides .
tr	10	I turned as he came hurrying up .
tr	7	I recognized one of them from my time with the Faith .
tr	8	" I was eleven and there was a black bird 's nest in the aforementioned tree . "
tr	10	He thinks the Empress , the Tyrant of Lucia , is the only solution .
tr	9	At first , he was simply staring at a painting of the Queen .
tr	11	Voice # 1 : " I can 't imagine I 'll ever forget it .
tr	7	How it 's Abigail Woods home .
tr	6	So many things could go wrong .
tr	10	As to the destination of the trip , Rupert had kept silence , not even wanting to hint .
tr	10	In addition , she had an arrangement with most of the women who dried peaches for their families .
tr	10	She had thrown the poisoned pin on the witch before she fell from the beast .
tr	9	His hands balled into fists as he dropped into a defensive stance .
tr	10	" Is that what I think it is ? "
tr	5	" Abu , my brother , " the leader just as happily greeted the other .
tr	5	' And not a wrap or a blanket , ' said Merry .
tr	8	That means we all belong to the land . "
tr	10	" How are you going to see in this fog ? "
tr	6	The midday meal apparently had no name , nor did breakfast or dinner .
tr	11	Emelia felt icy fear seeping through her .
tr	7	They may cut our heads off there , but it 's our only chance .
tr	8	He sought the betterment of mankind , but created monsters instead .
tr	9	At least he recognizes that he 's on thin ice .
tr	6	She did not let go .
tr	9	I was on the phone with Chuck at the time talking about assistance to JAXA . "
tr	11	His eyes searched the lifeless restaurant rapidly , as he discovered that all the guests had disappeared .
tr	8	The tone of concern in his voice was almost masked by the humour , but not quite .
tr	8	There was laughter from the other side , and so far he had heard several different voices .
tr	7	Rick leaned in , unbuckled Jessica and lifted her out of the van .
tr	5	" They itched , " I say lamely .
tr	6	The cold metal shocked the skin on my stomach .
tr	7	If you do so , our people will no longer be friends .
tr	7	He didn 't write me anything .
tr	8	Just don 't tell them anything about yourself . "
tr	6	" Jimmy is a fast-food historian ... Among other things . "
tr	8	A brilliant light leaped out cloaking his face in a soft white glow .
tr	7	Staring into those eyes , the Prince felt a strange sense of uneasiness .
tr	11	There is nothing he could do at this stage .
tr	6	It was good armor , not his expensive parade gear .
tr	10	And she doesn 't want to go back to your boss anyway .
tr	6	" You heard me , you stupid , filthy cow .
tr	7	Following behind their group , I jumped from room to room and picked off stragglers .
tr	8	Even such a small offence reverberated through the otherwise silent woods .
tr	10	He would wait here in total darkness for Wolf Eyes to come into the room .
tr	8	You have to calm down .
tr	6	" And every other guy we didn 't meet , " Nora added .
tr	6	Alfred could see but no longer hear the action .
tr	11	She 's the girl that Adam has been hanging with lately .
tr	8	The reinforcement at the sharp tip buries between his scales , breaks through the hull and smashes through various bulkheads inside .
tr	7	" So you did speak with her . "
tr	10	He saw the older man was chastened by the wasted opportunity .
tr	7	" Show him in Paddy , " said Mason .
tr	9	' This isn 't the end of the matter , is it ? '
tr	11	I cheered as I began to collect the scattered documents .
tr	11	It was so fast he almost didn 't see it happening .
tr	6	" Explain , " said Tork , apparently doubting my claim .
tr	7	The skinny man places his hand loosely on the warden 's shoulder , then kisses his cheek lightly .
tr	7	They went through it quickly and he closed the door behind him .
tr	9	He was tall and lithe , by far the most beautiful man in the room .
tr	6	In some places , the stones are very smooth , but in others they 're rough and lumpy . "
tr	9	For a second I thought I had been shot .
tr	11	Are you going to marry that girl ? "
tr	10	But there was no time for beating around the bush .
tr	9	" Just keep going ; you 'll be there before you know it . "
tr	7	Her eyes followed the lines of the bark up the tree .
tr	7	They looked at Mr. Clancy and then at each other and then again to the southern sky .
tr	7	The four-story building housed his forty-seven foot cabin cruiser , the Pamela , with room for two more .
tr	11	Seven had never really been able to decide one way or the other with his childhood friend .
tr	7	Mal was a stark contrast , his movements were fluid and he parried with a strategic skill .
tr	10	It was another ten minutes before Reid 's irate face finally materialized through the glass port .
tr	10	" Besides , they test you on these raids to see if you have what it takes .
tr	7	" What we can do is present a more tempting target .
tr	6	" That 's just a sneak preview , " the words puff out with sheer exhaustion .
tr	9	I was left alone to fight my own demons .
tr	9	I slowly entered , looking all over the place .
tr	7	" At least , Mr. Sniper won 't disturb us this night , " Stephanie observed with optimism .
tr	10	I 'm a grown woman , I shouldn 't be sat sobbing outside a primary school .
tr	11	" I feel like I am doing all of the talking .
tr	10	She knew that she needed to focus .
tr	8	" I just remembered , " Rift announces , meekly backing away from the imposing force .
tr	8	We saturated the place with GPR after our team translated the intercept . "
tr	7	Dr. Mitchell walked in and greeted Toni , and she said , " Dr. Mitchell .
tr	10	He stuck a finger in the girl 's face , causing her to back up .
tr	7	There are a lot about the atonement . "
tr	10	His pant leg tore , and he felt Artie grip his legs tighter .
tr	7	And every morning , when asked that question , Chris shook his head .
tr	5	Chapter 22 My new body requires little sleep .
tr	8	We got in the stairwell , walked up to the last landing and were met by locked door .
tr	8	When they all were on the same side again , the canoes were well hidden in the undergrowth .
tr	8	I knew he was lying .
tr	8	Please exit , " Mrs. Jones ordered quickly and chased everybody out of the teacher 's lounge .
tr	5	Five minutes later they felt the entire ship shift .
tr	9	I could make a mad dash for the front office or scream like a crazy woman .
tr	6	Even after all this time , she still talks out loud to me .
tr	6	He is no longer him , I don 't recognize him anymore . "
tr	8	" So , I 've been hearing , well voices , " Tori whispered .
tr	8	On the other hand it could be a hunt , and if that were the case it was more worrying .
tr	8	You are a good kid same as him , just that he has a little problem . "
tr	7	" Do you miss ' im ? "
tr	8	They reached a large boulder under the ledge , ducked behind it and into a small cave .
tr	7	" The girl is warming up , " Hunt noted , " mostly to our young cowboy , though . "
tr	9	His face was black from the soot of the fire and sweat and rain and created rivulets down both his cheeks .
tr	8	What Tork actually said was , ' Get in the vehicle or we 'll make you . '
tr	6	Or was this some big game to him ?
tr	5	" Us , too , " Diane said , seeming genuinely astonished .
tr	5	And , well , at the moment your garters are undone . '
tr	7	Without hesitating , she turned the handle and peered into the room .
tr	8	Of course , in the shade we couldn 't tell who it was .
tr	10	Maybe there was something to this praying after all .
tr	11	They will not be expecting us so we will have the advantage .
tr	7	' Apart from some pain where he injected himself , no , ' said Reid .
tr	7	Blood was already seeping through it .
tr	9	I heard him ask about Alexa .
tr	9	" You are more interesting than you let off .
tr	10	You should have simply killed Captain Drake and been done with it . "
tr	11	" I can 't believe they 're just leaving us here , " Sarah said .
tr	9	Next it was Topsy 's turn , was I up for a quick trip in my wheelchair ?
tr	5	" Hey , there 's sheep up ahead . "
tr	7	Above her she heard a thud ; startled , she looked up at the ceiling .
tr	6	" I am a strange man , " Harald said .
tr	11	Taking a moment to catch Sykes ' eye , he added , " It was pilot error . "
tr	6	" Yep , " was Lilly Ann 's short answer .
tr	9	And the ground beneath the bushes was covered with generations of dried crinkling leaves .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry this happened to you ? "
tr	9	He had to grip the desk with both hands before he could continue .
tr	7	Her gaze jetted to the window and , a minute later , " Here he comes . "
tr	9	Each carrier would be escorted by five frigates and five cruisers .
tr	5	" All ships , this is Admiral Towers .
tr	7	They were silent for a moment .
tr	9	Was he the chef who 'd sneaked into the shop ?
tr	11	Malcolm broke a twig in half that was sticking into his back .
tr	8	These characteristics often made Simon the target of school bullies and local gangs .
tr	8	We read to each other and exchanged our own bits of poetry .
tr	9	Do you have time ? "
tr	10	It had been a long time since she had felt that way .
tr	8	A few minutes later , as the patient was gaining consciousness , David had tied the last bandage .
tr	7	" Just get your strength back now , and we can talk more later .
tr	5	A short time later , Sheree and her mother left the room .
tr	8	Time passes and the sun climbs high in the sky .
tr	8	He rolled on his back and watched her out of hazy eyes , enjoying her touch on his skin .
tr	7	And because he 's Gabe , the matter is closed .
tr	7	He unbuckled his sword , rested his back against a tall pine and spread his aching legs towards the fire .
tr	10	We noticed two helicopters were coming towards us .
tr	8	Its sensitive nose caught a whiff of something and it trotted quickly away , off the road .
tr	9	" There 's more than one way of skinning a panther . "
tr	7	At the top of the steps we paused .
tr	6	' No you won 't , ' replied the soldier firmly , crossing his arms and standing tall .
tr	8	The crowd on the busy strip scattered , panicked shouts rising towards the sunny skies .
tr	6	An army of tarts and croissants surrounded his entry .
tr	6	" When I recovered An saw my determination and insight , and she made me her second .
tr	11	He hardened his features as they walked into the larger hut , larger than most on the island .
tr	9	Quietly , Ted climbed back down and crept across the courtyard to the front wall of the warehouse .
tr	8	" Assuming it isn 't some kind of trick , " Jason replies .
tr	9	This is exactly what I had in mind . "
tr	11	There was one more thing I needed to do .
tr	9	I intend to sail with the Lady Grace . "
tr	6	In a few moments Frank walked out of the room beside Jake .
tr	10	Are you planning to stop ? "
tr	10	Let us see who is worthy . "
tr	5	' There 's not that much magic anywhere any more ! '
tr	10	If she hurried , perhaps she could make it to the station in time -- she could try to say goodbye .
tr	9	They would need to gather support .
tr	9	" Anything 's possible , Phillip , you passing eighth grade math for example . "
tr	7	I listen for a heartbeat , watch his chest for breath and find nothing .
tr	8	His face was scarlet with rage and his huge walrus moustache twitched .
tr	9	All around them was a symphony of sound : endless banging and shouts and the sound of machines .
tr	7	And Job , tall rangy Job : a good Biblical name that , Toby had always thought .
tr	5	Still , convenience is not always the best option . "
tr	10	It was the same deep and penetrating stare Melissa gave me on the rooftop .
tr	6	She felt cold , but at the same time , she felt something burning away inside .
tr	6	" Well , aside from your own misfortune , you seem like decent folk to me .
tr	6	The old man pushed back his black woolen cap , picked up his mandolin , and led the wench away .
tr	11	he shouted over the wind , " I can put the top up if you like . "
tr	11	He looked more closely at the man who seemed so professional and serene .
tr	9	" Sorry to hear that , son . "
tr	10	Be aware that when we start , retribution will be swift .
tr	8	she asked pouring herself another Scotch .
tr	8	" That 's not true , " she giggles , rapidly growing more comfortable with her new companion .
tr	10	Thousands were engaged in tilling fields and planting crops by hand .
tr	11	The beggar had defeated the evil Grand Vizier to win the hand of the princess .
tr	6	" Good morning gentlemen , " he murmured , stretching .
tr	7	Anatole appeared a couple of minutes later .
tr	7	The nose was a dead giveaway to the name .
tr	9	Rising back into his stance , Rift is not about to make the same overzealous mistake twice .
tr	9	" Did you know you can house train rabbits ? "
tr	9	He blinked and when he looked at the bear again it was lumbering away into the heavy underbrush .
tr	10	Everything was totally rearranged by the debris and destruction left by the tornados .
tr	9	I wanted to go on the offensive .
tr	10	I shook with relief that he was talking and still breathing .
tr	9	Simon , excited to see his master again , quickly approached him and gave him a hug .
tr	8	He reached his left hand up to the hinged face of the box .
tr	6	" I 'll be d. ... ! "
tr	8	I try to play Zombie Hordes .
tr	9	I will see you all in a couple of hours . "
tr	8	Coordinates for your respective rendezvous points will be uploaded to your data terminals .
tr	5	" Well , sometimes ... " " Sometimes you are . "
tr	7	The fight was over in less than twenty seconds .
tr	8	I want to catch a few winks . "
tr	9	They needed to see more , but they could not move closer .
tr	11	" That 's something that has been bothering me .
tr	6	She heard new mistakes but they didn 't matter ; the song and its sound had greater purpose .
tr	6	She looked relieved at this evaluation .
tr	11	" Zelda , " the King practically whispers , hoping to calm her rapidly fuming emotions .
tr	9	His stride is purposeful , yet lacks the air of accomplishment his people had hoped to see .
tr	8	Then she looked at the bent head of her niece , furiously filling her bucket .
tr	11	And what if she forced me into some of those boots ?
tr	10	" Of course , you 'd have to take your classes over the internet .
tr	5	The room , like the hallway and cafeteria , had shiny walls .
tr	7	" Welcome my friends , please stand , " she offers in a very smooth and elegant voice .
tr	7	" I 'm so sorry , " she responds without thinking .
tr	10	It was Cade 's voice , the same sweet , beautiful voice she heard in her favorite dreams .
tr	9	" Colonel McCutcheon , could you give us a before-and-after of the main site ? "
tr	10	Jean thought I was lying to her .
tr	7	" It 's okay Maya , it 's cool . "
tr	7	But that student felt strongly enough to act .
tr	7	" Settle down , settle down , " the Khan barked in Pashto , appearing amused .
tr	7	We brought Jacob forward as she answered .
tr	8	As soon as he did , the hermit had a fit , wheezing and coughing in the thin sunlight .
tr	9	Do you have some spare time ? "
tr	7	She smiled graciously at Rick ... her teeth were perfect ... " let 's get the car .
tr	7	No it can 't be ... Gaia , forgive me , tears poured freely from my eyes .
tr	6	Unhappy memories of that night swirled around her in the car .
tr	6	" Missy 's dad sure was a loyal secret keeper . "
tr	6	Malcolm was nowhere in sight .
tr	11	I 've been trying to get out for centuries . "
tr	9	No other religion has a god who gives grace . "
tr	7	The blast from the explosion knocked Melody off her feet and onto her butt .
tr	11	He opened the bag and saw the stones were switched out for rocks .
tr	7	He glanced at me and smiled faintly .
tr	7	They were appreciated by all .
tr	9	The river was full of people fleeing the attack .
tr	9	Noah was just a nice guy who wanted an earring .
tr	9	" I said let him through , " she quickly demands , her tone gaining some base for just a moment .
tr	11	Being careful her mother didn 't see her Hailey crept to the neat pile of eggs .
tr	7	An expensive looking microscope was off to one side .
tr	8	" Look , " she called out , pointing to her display .
tr	8	Either this woman is a complete neat freak , or -- I don 't know , he admitted to himself .
tr	8	It was fun for families and a cheap date for the younger folks .
tr	9	" I have to talk to you .
tr	9	" I can 't believe it 's you . "
tr	6	Rainbow velvet curtains hid the floor-to-ceiling windows , and a tangled wool rug covered the floor .
tr	8	What was that they saw ?
tr	8	" Any folks wanting a lift round to the Cathedral Cove , I 'll be leaving in a while .
tr	5	" Ah , yes , that is true .
tr	9	' I wanted to die of embarrassment .
tr	11	I was wondering when someone would show up and help me . "
tr	9	Father continued with the nursing of her feet and she was grateful in the end .
tr	7	Let me just ride ahead and check it out , okay ?
tr	8	Would she give him the chance to explain ?
tr	8	It was quite wide , and their side was a shelf , only ankle deep .
tr	5	The two girls raced up the stairs .
tr	7	" No Helen , just drive me to the hotel , we are not doing anything .
tr	5	' Oh , so you 're an alarm clock too ? '
tr	6	If the former , the girl was right and he truly was a marked man .
tr	10	Will this billion dollar operation be a waste of your money ? "
tr	7	They did come for Mercedes .
tr	8	He pulled me from the ground , collecting his fallen bowler at the same time .
tr	9	I had no intention of asking " What ? "
tr	7	" Yes , but even we study something like that .
tr	8	After a little while the Consul pronounced in a much louder voice : " Free the brave young boy .
tr	8	Two people thought his life was worth living !
tr	8	They seem like buddies from way back .
tr	9	It is too late for Lady Adele to be travelling tonight . "
tr	6	" I 'm dying , " the big man whispered .
tr	5	" Oh , shadows and light , " the Prince said .
tr	9	They both stuck out their tongues and gave a big raspberry , he calmly pointed to the bathroom , then left .
tr	8	Death , destruction , and impossible escapes are what I live for .
tr	9	Halfway down they split off the trail and went east , diving into the thickest of the woods .
tr	10	As the servant led us through the paneled corridors , I realized that the place was built like a square .
tr	9	They were going to kill you !
tr	7	He sobered at Victor 's expression .
tr	11	I slammed the door as something crashed against the other side of it .
tr	10	When you 're done with the animal , you 'll want more , but you must stop yourself .
tr	5	" And that is ... " He continued .
tr	5	Chapter 6 May 8th , 2034 For a second , Sara couldn 't breathe .
tr	8	I said sharply before ending the call .
tr	9	asked Uncle Jeff laughing , " Give it back to whom ? "
tr	11	Try to work down to the center of the grid pit .
tr	6	Until that moment , Seven had never really considered the question .
tr	7	It struck the immortal on the shoulder just as he fired .
tr	9	I really thought I 'd never see them again .
tr	8	He just couldn 't quite determine what it was .
tr	9	printed on it and announced in big letters , " Nothing is more important than that I feel good ! "
tr	8	I guess I deserve it .
tr	11	You 'd have thought we was on a Sunday stroll . "
tr	10	Potential candidates would have demonstrated the necessary courage to be a spy .
tr	11	John left the store to meet with Graham Johns , his friend and police contact .
tr	10	I hope we don 't get in the way .
tr	9	Things that she was doing for us . "
tr	7	Donato looked uncharacteristically bare of armor ; only a linen undershirt and breeches for sneaking .
tr	9	Ricky stood on the edge of the trail and yelled , " Here boy !
tr	8	" It jes makes no sense , is all , " he said .
tr	6	' This time from a band I 've not even heard of . '
tr	9	Within seconds they were surrounded by a wild cluster of little arms and hands dancing and hollering around them .
tr	6	" When will the Mason 's be back ? "
tr	8	In life the wearer of that skull must have presented an alien and monstrous aspect .
tr	7	" She 's a pretty lively old girl alright , " Archie replied .
tr	6	He walks around the bed .
tr	7	" I 'll get supplies , " she shouted .
tr	11	" I 'm gon na tell you once more , Corporal , to find somewhere else to be . "
tr	7	I 'll let you know . "
tr	7	" If nowhere is safe , then why not stay here . "
tr	10	She headed for the bunk tucked in the corner and kicked off her shoes .
tr	8	But the process taught me the function of the HS units . "
tr	6	As she walked , the pungent bouquet of a nearby pig farm wrenched her brooding mind to the present .
tr	8	" And when did you start helping people ? "
tr	6	The movement of her hands , however , was graceful and full of joy .
tr	11	He decided to hold off and see how things unfolded .
tr	7	An armed guard stood unobtrusively next to a potted palm tree to our left .
tr	9	" So how do you want to do this ?
tr	9	Two cots rested along the floor , and I demurred to the others to take them .
tr	10	We would rest there when we played in the harbor . "
tr	8	Reid grunted as a slug struck his vest .
tr	7	On a side note ; never , under any circumstances , eat off the menu at Bloody Mary 's .
tr	5	And here as in any journey the first step is the most important .
tr	6	She seemed like such a wonderful woman . "
tr	11	" Are we preparing to go back to Cassandra sir ? "
tr	10	There was a tiny door made that was not yet hung .
tr	9	The two talked a while and seemed to hit it off .
tr	7	" Did you have fun with Lucia today ? "
tr	10	I didn 't want to tell the all truth .
tr	6	After that , he rotated it to the north , then south , then east .
tr	9	There will be a car waiting there with two other boys .
tr	7	" This might help with the pain . "
tr	7	He broke stride and lay down to rest .
tr	6	" The most beautiful woman I 've ever seen , your streaming black hair framed the dancing sunlight across your face .
tr	7	In the motel room , the shapeshifter casually picked up a t-shirt from the nightstand and slipped it on .
tr	11	They needed to switch shuttles as soon as they could .
tr	7	Just wait , you 'll see , soon a new tail will grow .
tr	10	The children found refuge , only to be bound in iron discipline .
tr	6	" Ok , Dave 2 , " he smirked , " How do I hack the Global Exchange ? "
tr	8	The chief sent immediate help to grant this request .
tr	6	Without warning she flung her arms around Elaina in a crushing hug .
tr	8	They knew how furious she would be .
tr	8	She had a lot of time for herself and spent most of it on the upper deck reading or walking .
tr	9	Sofia began to vanish without a trace .
tr	8	The looming presence of aliens in the solar system had been hanging over Humanity for months now .
tr	8	" At first I thought it was Gorn .
tr	6	" Yeah , but it 'll get hard .
tr	9	Your father felt a need to protect his daughter .
tr	8	Rather ceremoniously Wilbur raised up the propeller and slipped the metal hub onto the engine 's drive shaft .
tr	8	I mean how bad could it be ?
tr	6	Ten days later , David still hadn 't come back .
tr	8	She tried to change the subject .
tr	10	" Are you going to be sick ?
tr	7	" So be it , " the performer said , maintaining his stone face gaze , then stepping back several feet .
tr	9	" Nothing to worry about then .
tr	7	Sometimes , in our line of work , the lines get a little blurry . "
tr	8	I was a bit surprised that no one said a word .
tr	8	I hear other voices across the park raising the call .
tr	11	Bring her to us ; we 'll help you take care of her .
tr	7	I pushed him away from the instinct , and he felt on the sand .
tr	9	" John , " Lilly Ann pulled Taylor closer with an apologetic look , " say hi to my mom .
tr	8	The serving lady squealed and came out with its hand raising over her chest .
tr	8	He guessed that was the idea , anyway .
tr	11	" I believe you believe what you said back then .
tr	6	" By God , " Frank goaded , " I see , Jake .
tr	9	My coffee had gone cold with a milky skin on its surface .
tr	9	Make sure it matches exactly .
tr	8	As they came closer they took on the more recognisable form of horse and rider .
tr	10	They couldn 't afford to cancel at this stage .
tr	7	But I have killed before , yes .
tr	10	Considering going after him , the Princess moves toward the counter to interrogate the witch instead .
tr	9	The three of us attempted to keep up with the man .
tr	9	I need to be at that meeting . "
tr	8	Regarding both lads in drainpipe jeans , Adidas trainers and T-shirts , Amy thought they looked handsome but unmemorable .
tr	10	This cave was well known by Black Scorpion , as he had been here many times .
tr	7	He called the dogs in , got out of his boots and went into the study .
tr	9	" This whole business of treating them like royalty is bullshit .
tr	6	" You must never forget it .
tr	9	We 've got him for six days next week and that 's it .
tr	7	He was talking softly with the other man .
tr	7	" Put it back , " said Lex , " this is wrong .
tr	7	Sarah sat at the kitchen table staring at the small rifle .
tr	10	Giving the prospect very little thought , Rift decides to stay put until morning .
tr	7	He 's trapped , but he doesn 't know it yet .
tr	7	Not to mention the Device . "
tr	10	The entrance was so well defended that they made little progress against it .
tr	6	Twenty minutes later , I pulled up outside a 24-hour cafe with internet facilities .
tr	5	I am something different now .
tr	6	The sight of all the olive green tents quickly brought the chill back .
tr	6	But at the end it worked out for good .
tr	10	This means that either its tiny gravity , or its magnetism is holding those particles to its surface .
tr	5	" Sure , no problem , " he replies quietly .
tr	10	There 's some sort of conflict going on in his mind .
tr	7	" It 's so big , " she had said quietly , her eyes wide and staring .
tr	6	" Only high government officials , a few scientists , and certain high ranking military personnel can transmit the order .
tr	9	To him , it was one of those moments in life when everything stands still .
tr	10	Where Noah met Bump she 'd built a basin of loose sand surrounding several wide flat granite rocks .
tr	6	' It 's Victor , ' he said , his stance visibly relaxing .
tr	9	I looked up into the eyes of the beast and prepared for the worst .
tr	7	Putting my thoughts aside , I turned my head sideways and looked around at my new surroundings .
tr	7	" You will not bring this up at the council meeting .
tr	8	" Under the current circumstances , I won 't take offense at that , " Melody replied .
tr	5	" So he 's not some ancient evil , then ? "
tr	8	Tony slept intermittently his head falling to his chest .
tr	11	She was breathing hard , probably from the adrenaline of the narrow escape amplifying her impatience .
tr	10	Her smile collapsed as soon as Neela was hidden by brush .
tr	7	Richard pulled three albums from his desk drawer and passed them to the lads .
tr	7	" I do like them , " admitted Nathan softly .
tr	6	" Man , you can 't stay here long .
tr	5	" And maybe some milk , Dad ? "
tr	6	Rand lifted his hand in a placating gesture .
tr	11	John , perhaps having considered the logistics , greeted Raphael leaving Amy who approached Danny .
tr	11	Mason gave her a covert wave , sending her squealing for cover behind her mother 's long legs .
tr	7	She speared one final bite into her mouth and got up from her seat heavily .
tr	8	When they arrived at the front desk Andre made arrangements for a room for the night .
tr	7	The guards walk the walls only once in the hour . "
tr	5	Just a long hallway with patterned tile flooring and plaster moldings along the walls .
tr	7	" Let 's hear it , " said Nathan , " Tell me why . "
tr	6	He kept his voice low .
tr	5	No children yet , not that we haven 't tried . "
tr	7	I 'd probably lost her for good .
tr	5	" Why do you ask ? "
tr	11	I wish I 'd met you twenty years ago .
tr	7	Now I recognize the man in the painting .
tr	8	Before she could protest , Neal was behind her , enclosing her in a bear hug .
tr	9	" And who could possibly want to invade or attack our pitiful forces ? "
tr	9	He stood there waving his flag for a good five minutes but to no avail .
tr	7	He sent a brief message to Hawk , outlining the new information .
tr	8	Little Mink was armed with a spear , throwing stick and his war club .
tr	7	" What else can you tell me of men ? "
tr	6	This had been her home .
tr	7	Officially , this is the ' Weapon , Infantry Personnel , All-Purpose . '
tr	9	Why pretend to be aliens ?
tr	5	" Don 't ... " She pulled backward , ashamed and humiliated and desperate .
tr	11	Rafe drew his sword and turned to meet the hunting party as they approached .
tr	6	" Oh , my God , Rani " he whispered breathlessly in my ear .
tr	9	' A man couldn 't ask for a better start to the day . '
tr	7	Two metres later , Steve 's freedom to jump was taken away from him .
tr	6	" Nonsense is intolerable , isn 't it , Simon ? "
tr	6	" Why you don 't invite girls up here . "
tr	7	But with poor Mercedes ... " He trailed off , lowering his pistol .
tr	7	At last , the three of them reached the front of the procession .
tr	9	And there really was no more time to rest , she thought , to wait for nothing .
tr	6	" Sometimes I wish , but no , Mr. Beretta , that 's not the case . "
tr	7	' Hey , he called us heroes , ' I said lightly .
tr	7	Clancy moved close and wrapped his arms around his friend .
tr	9	He would have to be careful .
tr	9	Maybe instructions were waiting up at the table for me .
tr	11	For the first time since she had come on board , she came up on the deck .
tr	10	" I 'm sorry I can 't walk faster .
tr	9	Had his mother loved and cherished him just as she did John ?
tr	8	Come with me and the children or stay here and die tomorrow . "
tr	7	If she has another bolt hole we 're screwed .
tr	7	" What do you think about Mr. Cantwell ? "
tr	10	So it was the Death Watchmen themselves who 'd received the orders .
tr	9	Landon jumped at the mention of night and eyed the wood around them with mistrust .
tr	8	With another bow , he set a pile of towels by the tub and backed out of the room .
tr	10	How he longed to soothe her .
tr	8	She in turn could not get enough of little Manuel .
tr	8	" I promise , " Barbara said , smiling at her brother .
tr	5	" Or a backstage pass and autographed picture , " she teased .
tr	5	No little cousin -- young and wiry and prepubescent -- meant no runner .
tr	8	Explain away , " Joe called back , tightening the grip on his rifle .
tr	6	" Mr. Bender , " he shook Frank 's hand with mock formality .
tr	11	We should include Jennings , even though he 's in jail , myself , Colonel Gurney and Robbie McElroy .
tr	7	" Young girls must get their rest and not bother their elders . "
tr	9	" You will notice , Finn , that we are no one . "
tr	5	" Can we go there this morning ? "
tr	7	With all the strength I had in my good foot I pulled myself onto the horse .
tr	11	But it 's hard to stop loving them .
tr	11	He wanted to get as much information from the Adventurous as he could .
tr	6	You snore , too , " she added for good measure .
tr	8	Now there was a closed loop if there ever was one .
tr	10	When the boy had passed each of their tests , the Empress herself took him into Her arms .
tr	9	He 's stopped , the Illusion is gone -- they have him ! "
tr	10	VIN asked Jonesy when the two returned their rooms after work .
tr	10	She gently forced him back down and proceeded to work on his leg .
tr	7	" We haven 't even talked about my dad yet . "
tr	7	Seconds later , he jumped back down once more and buried his limbs into the snows around him .
tr	7	I feel his breath cut across my ear , and my stomach wrenches .
tr	5	" Damn bad business , " mumbled Anderson .
tr	10	Mana was sitting by the window , holding something in her hand .
tr	6	" By God , Julie , " the man volunteered , " It 's unbearably hot already this mornin ' !
tr	8	" But this ... " Cobb said , gesturing toward the vessel .
tr	10	Connor contently sat down and finished watching a Russian fighter take down a Portuguese fighter .
tr	10	" It looks like they be headed for shore .
tr	11	Uncle Nick listed bands including The Beatles and The Shadows plus some less famous acts .
tr	7	I took a deep breath and depressed the switch on the remote control detonator .
tr	7	Two more seconds and he would have cut your throat .
tr	6	" That air makes a change , " said Rick conversationally , " airport looks reasonably civilized too . "
tr	7	It seemed like a very long time ago now .
tr	9	No longer able to dodge at all , Rift is forced to desperately block the ceaseless offensive .
tr	10	Raymond couldn 't have done anything even if he wanted to .
tr	7	Why did you ask me out that first night ?
tr	9	Aries was very clear that we 're not taking prisoners .
tr	10	The main reason to keep this secret from William is to prevent anyone else at NET from discovering .
tr	5	And look , those are definitely Japanese symbols ! "
tr	9	" The thoughts that you entertain in your mind draw from you an emotional response .
tr	7	Ignoring the shove , she whispered back , " Heard the row .
tr	7	Sighing , Elaina turned and pulled open the door once more .
tr	9	Several groups were sent in search of the Talisman .
tr	11	He worked his way to a spot where he could see the shadowy form of her half submerged body .
tr	10	In all my years , I 've never heard of a woman being so bold for so long .
tr	7	" Stop , " the Prince whispered aloud , " please stop !
tr	11	She didn 't show that she was looking after something or somebody .
tr	10	First he needed to find out where he was .
tr	7	With a comforting pat on her head , Link breathes a chuckle and steers his horse toward the farm .
tr	6	He studied his brother , s blue eyes , his pale skin , his thin lips .
tr	6	' Hot ... cold ... ' she repeated and then slid the hot control down .
tr	11	Now you know how it is to be banished .
tr	9	Rubies in the form of a rose were imbedded in the tiara .
tr	5	" That little pig 's name is not Septimus Heap . "
tr	5	" Does someone have a little crush ?
tr	7	As the bear doubled over , J took a brick from the rubble and brought it down across his noggin .
tr	7	Child after child wrapped in bony arms and drug down into the earth .
tr	10	" I need to talk to his Lordship Sarah , " he said .
tr	8	" Is that what you do ?
tr	6	" Don 't worry , your friend is here too . "
tr	10	Isn 't it possible that they might be just a bit more enlightened than us ? "
tr	11	I pressed my hand gently on its side to test the temperature , but it remained cold .
tr	5	" The room was empty .
tr	10	Late afternoon approached Sam pulled in the anchor and we started on our way back to the ship .
tr	6	" How in the hell did she survive ? "
tr	7	For I have lied to you .
tr	8	" I 'd love to , " Lilly Ann beamed with excitement , " are you sure about this ? "
tr	9	She was one to talk .
tr	7	Everywhere , the soldiers had drawn their swords and lowered their muskets .
tr	7	* * * For Raphael they couldn 't get off the double yellow lines quickly enough .
tr	7	" That 's my lift , " Josh said , " the hostel manager 's taking me to the shuttle . "
tr	10	I wouldn 't have let him harm you .
tr	10	That 's what helps me bear it .
tr	11	She prepared herself , taking a deep breath before wincing from the cracked ribs .
tr	11	" I knew I kept you around for more than your looks ! "
tr	8	Would they go so far as to murder the king ? "
tr	6	" No , not again " the captain said again , faster now " we won 't surrender . "
tr	9	We 'll have to push harder .
tr	10	I could 've at least asked him some questions first or talked about my hurt feelings in a rational way .
tr	6	So , get up , ' the figure tapped him in the ribcage with the cane .
tr	10	I want you guys to bunk in with Terry and Margaret for the time being .
tr	5	" Yes , but only temporarily , " William lied .
tr	11	The guy was supposed to be locked up in some mental institution .
tr	8	She grabbed a pen and a pad of paper .
tr	8	By the time the gun smoke cleared , two agents had died and I had been shot twice .
tr	10	" My instructions are to drink martinis slowly until dinner hour , then switch to Scotch .
tr	10	I glanced down and saw the cat clinging onto me grimly : its claws had drawn blood .
tr	8	Was this why Mother had been so harsh ?
tr	10	How could I be angry with ice cream in my belly ?
tr	6	Looking down , I raised my hands with a new look on life .
tr	5	But a few seconds later , she added , " Yes . "
tr	7	She had wept for his loss .
tr	9	With that he marches through the throne room as the energetic leader his people have missed .
tr	9	Stalin chewed on his lip , and Gabriel looked ready to vomit .
tr	8	" Parchment , " he said through clenched teeth , " and something to write with ! "
tr	6	And the hunger is peaking again .
tr	9	' I take it these people weren 't immortals , ' Reid said quietly behind me .
tr	10	She was passionate about what she was reading .
tr	7	Earle nodded and smiled and took the order back to the kitchen .
tr	7	" You had agreed to my requirements . "
tr	9	That is a big burden to carry around .
tr	6	In a low , almost embarrassed tone , he said , " I owe him money . "
tr	10	I wished he had felt it too .
tr	6	" Stay on the bed . "
tr	6	You can set up camp right here .
tr	10	Separately , each of the sisters had begun to analyse their past down to the finest detail .
tr	7	John blushed and turned away from the table .
tr	8	The package contained a VHS copy of the 1980 feature , " Asian Nurses with Big Hair . "
tr	7	" Does it happen often ?
tr	7	She had already passed away from severe trauma .
tr	8	Do you know anything about DNA or genetics ? "
tr	7	" If you take another step , I 'll slit his throat .
tr	9	" Those little jerks must 've put something heavy over this . "
tr	11	" I keep thinking I 'm all out of tears .
tr	9	He looked up as his target approached and gave him a friendly nod .
tr	7	Sarah could feel the tears coming .
tr	5	" Like us , " his mother said .
tr	8	Narrow streets and cobbled roads swept down to the river in several places .
tr	9	" Tony would have come with me but you can 't smoke in these helmets . "
tr	10	Anyway , you 're not going to find a more reliable rifle .
tr	11	Ishmael Khan took three clipped steps forward and rammed the gun he held against Alejo 's forehead with an echoing click .
tr	9	When she reached the base of the boulder , Ted had already disappeared over the edge onto the top .
tr	7	Pretty soon the army got down on a ridge and started firing their weapons across the Guadalupe River .
tr	6	My response to my first lesson , telling him the way his people fed was sick .
tr	8	It had come almost all the way out of the fuse assembly .
tr	8	He was crippled for life ... trapped in a wheelchair .
tr	8	When the last bite disappeared into his mouth , the girls jumped up expectantly .
tr	5	No doubt checking out his bulging muscles .
tr	9	Veterinary students are always here , seeing to the animals and learning about them .
tr	7	You mean Barbara , " Miriam said , stressing the last word .
tr	8	' We could escape through the back , ' the bodyguard muttered as he pocketed the phone .
tr	10	All you have to do is what you always do .
tr	7	He reached the huge wooden doors , still open for late-night worshipers , and passed beneath the penitents .
tr	6	What kind of love is that ?
tr	10	Let them think what they may .
tr	8	Seconds later , the sound of engines could be heard approaching .
tr	7	He nodded to the file in the Admiral 's hand .
tr	8	She walked towards my tree and dropped heavily to the ground by the roots .
tr	7	" You don 't , you just act like it , " Jessica told him .
tr	7	Finally , I locked eyes with Kurt but spoke to Simon .
tr	9	Well she came to pray for me , in Quechua .
tr	9	My cousin Tony asked me to keep an eye on you . "
tr	6	Rick shook his head , " Probably not .
tr	6	We return to the office .
tr	6	His touch on her cheek stung after the slaps .
tr	11	This was what happened before you passed out .
tr	10	Fuchs is sure to be watching the house ! "
tr	7	Don 't let it go .
tr	8	That was just the custom in those days -- you just knocked on the door and went straight in .
tr	8	Get hold of him on his mobile ... ... he might need a hand .
tr	9	They sure made an honest attempt to find out just how much .
tr	8	He opened his mouth to speak but was cut off .
tr	7	There were a thousand clues , but to her it all added up to nothing .
tr	6	" Gold is both too much and too little . "
tr	10	" We 'll just have to lie again , " Sarah said .
tr	9	Do whatever you have to .
tr	8	No , that wouldn 't be right ; they were responsible for the girl .
tr	7	The wolves gave up one by one , and the deer kept going .
tr	7	But the Old Man 's hand proved too heavy once more and he was soon deep in a dream .
tr	11	I mentioned that the Faith hasn 't taken kindly to Martin 's shift in governing style .
tr	10	I don 't think I should take my guitar off yet . '
tr	9	For those who have awoken .
tr	11	It felt like he knew it was me somehow .
tr	11	" I think I need to be going . "
tr	8	Friedrich peered around the corner of the wall and drew his head back sharply .
tr	7	" It 's a long story and we don 't have the time . "
tr	8	I understand all of the various positions , but I 'm disturbed .
tr	11	He knew his old fears were getting the better of him .
tr	11	He turned and started towards the Delta ticket counter , leaving the Kiwis to enjoy their newfound vehicle .
tr	9	" Did you know I could do that ? "
tr	8	He opened the box of sweet and tart candies and popped a purple one into his mouth .
tr	8	Flaherty saw that he was right .
tr	7	We don 't act alone ; we carry out His will .
tr	8	With Aria and the dragon out there , we have to move quickly . "
tr	8	" ... is waiting for you at my place , remember ?
tr	9	Josie rolled her eyes , then turned around to face the locals .
tr	7	She was full of scratch marks on her lower arms .
tr	8	To spare his taciturn uncle the embarrassment , Mike turned to hug Aunt Jen .
tr	7	Silence ruled over the room , his odd smile became bigger and bigger , and finally the slug .
tr	6	It 's just , she 's my priority now , not the movie , not you , not the money .
tr	11	" I 'll never be able to read all these in time . "
tr	9	Margaret continued to scream , finally undoing her belt and falling out of the plane .
tr	8	I have to hide it !
tr	8	Despite the fact she was so close to a corpse , Josie didn 't feel frightened .
tr	9	He had made up his mind , once and for all .
tr	8	Sweat dripped off her forehead , trickled down her back , pooled in her bra .
tr	6	" So this is quite a gathering , " Brian observed innocently , albeit a little sarcastically .
tr	10	Studying it now , Melody thought that it was probably the perfect vehicle for their purposes .
tr	6	" It does not pain me . "
tr	7	Jimmy then started unwrapping his burger .
tr	8	He always kept at least one large goon with a bat around to emphasize the point , today he had four .
tr	7	On their upward sweep , his eyes caught the white edges of the cards in her pocket .
tr	7	Damian was witness to a murderer .
tr	11	" Do you understand what I 'm saying ? "
tr	7	She chuckled while the men grinned .
tr	5	No , no , no , this won 't do . '
tr	11	Humans needed to innovate in order to survive . "
tr	11	" He used to be in a partnership with two friends .
tr	6	" You look beautiful ... in the dress I mean . "
tr	8	He could detect no human scent , neither Melody 's nor any other .
tr	7	At the left side of the photo sat an old man on a rickety stool .
tr	8	Congratulations on making me look like a pilgrim with a psychotic barber .
tr	6	Or maybe one of the Silent Brothers , but clearly it wasn 't them . "
tr	9	To make a long story short , one of the bad guys came back to check on us .
tr	6	The bodies of his other family members weren 't too far off .
tr	9	I simply wanted to pass on my condolences in person . "
tr	6	" I remember you , " she said , hands trembling .
tr	10	She wondered how to turn herself back into a fairy .
tr	10	People would go just to look at it .
tr	9	Here , the sun baked the uncultivated yellow grass , and the rarer , arid fields of wheat .
tr	7	It cleared General Anderson of any criminal actions or negligence .
tr	11	" It is amazing beyond belief isn 't it ? "
tr	9	His parents left everything behind as they headed for India .
tr	11	He 's supposed to be on Ryland 's team .
tr	9	I didn 't know whom she was talking about .
tr	8	" I am of this mortal world like you .
tr	10	Completely relaxed , he turned his head to again look at the light .
tr	9	Connor was reluctantly losing ground and the crowd could sense Billy 's momentum in the fight .
tr	11	Only if that cloud had been a deep thundering black stormy cloud that is .
tr	6	" Nate , seriously , slow down a little bit , " Mike mirrored Taylor 's thought with more assertion .
tr	9	" So , why don 't you tell me your thoughts on my situation , " Ted continued .
tr	8	I sprinted across the grass , dodging tourists , and passed the first leg of the tower .
tr	10	Soldiers were busy collecting the remains of their fallen comrades .
tr	9	" I don 't want to be alone . "
tr	7	Then the ladder was removed and I was on my own .
tr	11	Julia looked up , peering high into the White Seat , and saw that her son had once again fallen asleep .
tr	10	At the top of them , stood a man who took my ticket and smiled , wishing me bon voyage .
tr	11	It took Scott a moment to fight against the wind and pull the door shut .
tr	5	" But my Laird , the research is - " " Dangerous . "
tr	6	- I already told you , I am not a party girl .
tr	8	I tied the other end of the line to a carabiner and turned to Anna .
tr	6	In the east and overhead , the first stars were revealing themselves .
tr	8	His pulse quickened at the thought of a magic softness shielding Earth Heart and its secrets .
tr	7	Maria turned back to Mark , swinging the fire extinguisher around .
tr	6	I ditch the hat and climb up a thick tree .
tr	7	" OK , I guess we move on .
tr	10	As Josie watched , hair began to sprout over the man 's eyes .
tr	8	I want to break his calm .
tr	10	" I accept , but it 's my turn to put a condition . "
tr	9	Complete stillness greeted this question , and Lord Brogan weighed his every word carefully before he spoke it .
tr	10	I shrug my shoulders as if to say , oh well .
tr	6	Tori went to the girls locker room with Daniel behind her .
tr	10	Worse , they were fearless , as willing to attack a warrior as a child .
tr	7	Sarah shifted her weight and closed her calves around Dan .
tr	9	What had surprised the Lyndon boys the most was her desire to learn the logging business .
tr	6	" OK , if that 's all ... " Everyone gave a thumbs up .
tr	10	" I guess they been doing this for centuries .
tr	6	Arrow , Javelin and Dagger , glide into a V formation .
tr	6	The sphere instantly changed to that scene .
tr	11	I do not relish being kept away from my own tent and my own bunk .
tr	7	It soon ran dry but the family business really changed a gear with that .
tr	6	he pulled them back to his question .
tr	10	Knowing that the person you love is with other one .
tr	9	I held my guns limply at my side , they were useless against him , I couldn 't kill him .
tr	9	" Do you ... is there any way to protect yourselves ? "
tr	6	" I 'm so tired , " she complained .
tr	5	" Just like you , I crossed the road .
tr	11	She wanted to feel that she was still alive .
tr	8	Unfortunately , the tightness on her back , just below her shoulders , told her there was more .
tr	11	Yet another hollow passageway of wood and moss , and Rift 's focus returns to reveal he is hopelessly lost .
tr	9	It was time for this to finally end .
tr	10	added Doodle , trying to outdo his brother .
tr	5	Anyway , where was I ?
tr	9	I didn 't know what to say .
tr	10	" How long do you think she will hold out ? "
tr	8	This is spiraling out of control , Chuck thought with alarm .
tr	10	Branden struggled visibly to get his anger under control .
tr	7	She ran to her chest , and pulled out the typing machine .
tr	8	Much heavier than the blade of evil 's bane .
tr	7	I 'd show them all !
tr	6	The few weeks of his ' respite ' passed very quickly , too quickly for his liking .
tr	10	She 'll be going up to Cambridge in September to read Asian Studies .
tr	11	Do you know where that is ? "
tr	9	He rose and pulled off his shirt , exposing the black markings of the Talisman .
tr	10	The huge man Nathan had seen outside earlier on the wall walked close to Nathan and looked down at him calmly .
tr	5	Sometimes just making that connection is its own experience , its own reward .
tr	10	" Do you want her to be ? "
tr	7	" Maybe it 's from Bigfoot , " Callie offered .
tr	7	Staying in one place too long was generally not to his liking .
tr	8	I was bored at home , so I set out to travel .
tr	10	' The guy I took it off doesn 't know what 's up with it .
tr	6	And now -- " The young man shook his head again .
tr	7	I said , taking the seat .
tr	11	After a moment , he realized they 'd been shorn of all their hair .
tr	9	" Food , " he repeated and saw her take a step toward it .
tr	7	Another of the boys , Kendall , looked around at the sky .
tr	10	Back and forth they weaved , and when one moved the other moved as if invisible threads bound them together .
tr	9	Destro said before turning to Nirvana .
tr	11	I didn 't think I needed looking after .
tr	9	He knew her far better than she wanted .
tr	8	" Your systems are completely tested , working perfectly .
tr	7	We were hungry , we came upon your place and begged for food . "
tr	8	Their mustaches fluttered in the breeze as they described the current situation .
tr	10	Don 't tell anyone you saw me . "
tr	10	I can tell something is bothering you .
tr	10	I spent some time with him but still I didn 't know who or what he really was .
tr	7	Droplets of water still clung to his temples and curly black hair .
tr	8	I swear she was psycho .
tr	8	The woman didn 't say anything , watching the window .
tr	7	" Don 't give me that look , you 're not done improving .
tr	10	Max asked quickly trying to trip him up .
tr	11	It was like he was glued onto Missile 's back .
tr	6	But what I saw confirmed my fears .
tr	8	" Lars , what are you hiding from me ?
tr	8	You know what else looks tasty ?
tr	10	With it , the demon can punish her soul the way it did her body . "
tr	9	" And so I want to make a deal with you . "
tr	10	" I see now just where it is you get your business sense .
tr	6	After a tiny hesitation she also picked up a candle and lit it .
tr	7	He paused on the threshold and yawned .
tr	10	She found it difficult to speak at all .
tr	8	" See that you do , " whined the Cursed Hand .
tr	6	As I watched , it trickled down his cheek .
tr	8	It is not my story to tell . "
tr	7	" Did well in London , I 'm told .
tr	8	Upon returning to the unit , I discovered the front door was slightly ajar .
tr	10	' I 've arranged to run , with Katherine . '
tr	8	Amongst the Hippodrome 's flashing lights and booming music Danny , having let his hair down , ran up to Raphael .
tr	10	Rift asks , failing miserably at Mai 's advice .
tr	11	He lifted himself more against her and her arms went around him , drawing him closer , opening her mouth .
tr	10	My stomach grumbled loudly in the silence that followed .
tr	7	" So what 's your plan , son , " he asked .
tr	8	Besides , he thought , I haven 't had a good fight in a long time .
tr	10	That woman wants to exterminate us once and for all ! '
tr	10	I 'll stay here and block them as long as I can .
tr	8	He ran by a line of canal boats all tucked up for the winter .
tr	8	The other agents all relaxed a bit and took their hands out from under their jackets .
tr	5	A handsome man with sandy hair and honest , troubled gray eyes .
tr	9	Guaranteed to make him pant .
tr	10	He continued , " I suggest you send a reinforced platoon at least , in several trucks .
tr	7	In London the Director of MI6 , ' Beta ' , received an encrypted message stating - " Target Eliminated .
tr	9	People like you and me have been bred for leadership .
tr	7	" Save your strength , dear , " a familiar female voice said .
tr	9	" We should probably go , " Mark said as he slid back into the truck .
tr	5	A lifeless portrayal of wavy hair , barely hidden breasts , holding an instrument maybe .
tr	8	The other wolves had finished their meal by now and were coming back to the tree .
tr	8	They were on the edge of a great abyss .
tr	6	Unfortunately , instead of butterflies and lightning storms , the magic suddenly became overwhelmingly alert and my senses focused sharply .
tr	8	In the past she 'd wanted an even better view of herself .
tr	10	Let me start by saying that .
tr	10	asked the detective , reading from one of the texts .
tr	8	His teases express themselves as little greenish whirls in his aura .
tr	11	Avril saw it too and she shouted , jumping in front of me .
tr	10	A woman stood before them with a thin , pale face and long brown hair tied into a ponytail .
tr	9	Rolling to his left Clancy dropped to the limb below , grabbing it with his hands and slipped to the ground .
tr	8	Something you could have written a brief on and faxed to me " .
tr	9	We got to eat like everyone else .
tr	9	What they 've done to you , " she points out , pulling Rift from his vacant stare .
tr	9	Jason asks with shock , his eyes watching intently .
tr	9	I 'll gladly watch your execution this time around , " she conveys , growing tired of the pointless banter .
tr	10	We can take them easily enough and get the information we need . "
tr	8	" Another great observation , " I replied as I blocked incoming attacks .
tr	9	He decided after seeing all the coins and jewels , he could easily afford to send Rob that Spanish coin .
tr	9	Mark turned to look off into the morning desert .
tr	6	Then , just before their lips touched , like a rude tease , he heard his name .
tr	5	" Her name was Tammy . "
tr	6	Alejo 's voice faltered , and he cleared his throat .
tr	7	Kayla was still very young and I felt responsible for her .
tr	11	" How do we know the paintings are a faithful depiction of the subjects ?
tr	7	I don 't know why . "
tr	9	It 'll be pistols , traditional form , at sunset tomorrow , " I said .
tr	8	" They are what we today call freshwater mussels .
tr	8	Alright , fair enough , I felt like I was dead then .
tr	9	Privately , she feared the hand would never function properly again .
tr	10	Then he pulled her back so he could look into her eyes .
tr	8	They can 't stay off the grid for long . "
tr	7	They dropped off their chase and let the train slip away from the platform .
tr	10	He was the only person on that island in which I put faith .
tr	7	" Of course , you are correct young Jacob , " the doctor frowned and pursed his lips in thought .
tr	7	He looked around for a place to sit and eat .
tr	11	That was something Missile had to learn .
tr	8	What you are doing with CPU 1 , Toby ? "
tr	8	You ready to hit the handgun range ? "
tr	8	The wind picked up and sent a sighing breath of dampness through the trees .
tr	9	Your brain fills it in however it sees fit .
tr	6	He controlled my money , he controlled the car , he controlled my time -- when he could .
tr	6	" But sure 'n it do give off a powerful glow . "
tr	8	I believe that 's very important .
tr	8	he snapped and was on his feet instantly , clutching the coyote pup in his hand .
tr	10	The Mouse sat fidgeting with his very long tail , either unable or unwilling to speak .
tr	10	Bethany cleaned and bandaged his wound with care as they waited in the snowy cold ditch for nightfall .
tr	5	" Not Meredith , not by name , but the measurements , yes . "
tr	10	" Don 't you get started on my family .
tr	10	What was going to happen to me ?
tr	11	Lance veers away from the blast , forcing him to come back around at a different angle .
tr	6	Maybe she wanted to confess .
tr	9	Despite having very different specialties , Osgood and Vader were mostly inseparable when off duty .
tr	10	I have brought myself peace concerning the other people in the photographs .
tr	7	William was tired and more than slightly suspicious of Dr. Smith 's intentions with Victoria .
tr	10	I 'm just asking you to be careful for his sake , too . "
tr	6	His name , Red , probably a nickname , no longer fit , but his eyes hadn 't changed .
tr	8	Amber is falling toward me , rolling off the branch .
tr	5	Our lamp emitted a low , wavering flame .
tr	8	* * * They all slept well that night though they wished it could have lasted a few turns more .
tr	7	Samuel , Joshua and I were of the same height but this guy looked strong and powerful .
tr	6	" Do it , " he says .
tr	11	They won 't check passports at the border , since they don 't look like tourists .
tr	8	" My dear ... I have something for you . "
tr	6	It had no right arm ; only a frozen stump remained .
tr	11	Bax met Matthew 's gaze as the boy glanced his way .
tr	6	There was a slight pause , and then Rand gave an abrupt nod .
tr	6	" How 's George doing and where the hell is he ? "
tr	7	Found my map to the Holy Grail at last ? "
tr	11	" Well you should have tried speaking to them in old Ukrainian , " replied Michael .
tr	10	We 're gon na find out , I promise . "
tr	8	Even through the walls of the unit I could still hear Zeal 's faint snoring .
tr	11	Desmond decided to throw a sea anchor out for good measure .
tr	6	A gun sticks out of his waistband .
tr	6	Not his favorite foods , he would admit , but they looked darn good right now .
tr	7	" Hi , Alex , I cannot change location -- Rick is controlling parameters .
tr	6	Obviously , in here , no one gave a damn about the no smoking laws .
tr	7	' You 're on the list , ' he said grimly .
tr	9	His eyes opened and reality resolved into being around him once more .
tr	10	They did need to talk .
tr	8	His voice is still soft , still calm with no inflection of emotion .
tr	8	She sat down beside it and began stroking its fur .
tr	7	The woman stared back , and raised something to her mouth .
tr	11	It felt good to travel with the two Exiles , the Prince had to admit to himself .
tr	8	Miss Jackson hissed , thrusting her paper and pencil at me .
tr	8	Ethan clenched her had tighter .
tr	11	I 've been meaning to call and ask about your results .
tr	9	This was one of the bleakest spots in northern South America .
tr	7	He was a soldier in the Thirteenth Legion .
tr	6	A moment later Toby received a stronger blow in return to his own temple .
tr	9	Technical equipment , similar to that in the control centre , filled the chamber .
tr	8	They waited some distance away for someone to come out .
tr	9	Rob had his license last summer and now it looks like Dave does , too . "
tr	7	† † † September 18 , 1621 This day started so well and ended in disaster .
tr	7	When it was dark , they went into the cornfield and helped themselves to some corn .
tr	9	He did not know where he was ; he knew nothing .
tr	11	He hurriedly turned to leave when he heard something .
tr	8	With the operation over , he began to bandage the wound .
tr	7	Abby spoke first , " I 'm Abby . "
tr	7	All in a day , we 'd raced through the country .
tr	11	" That woman -- Mana -- said that you would tell me all about her .
tr	8	Maybe we should go on to problem two , " said Anderson to Butch .
tr	8	The kind of things her mother would say , and not at all helpful .
tr	10	She spun around and pointed pretty much back the way we had just come .
tr	9	Do you need help ? "
tr	6	" On the dresser in your room .
tr	8	You 're forbidden to leave . "
tr	8	She couldn 't be dying from a broken nose .
tr	11	I thought you would want to know . "
tr	11	" It is quite possible the future of the human race is assembled in this room .
tr	5	" Papa , meet Roberto de Ville . "
tr	11	The house was so full of noise and chatter that nothing could be heard above the racket .
tr	11	I know this , because Mum has told me many times and she is absolutely convinced . "
tr	8	Red Talon said , " His spirit is with us .
tr	8	He was too slow , too interested in talking .
tr	6	Normal memory , not used , fades away , " said Ben .
tr	7	It was of you , and someone I met earlier today .
tr	10	" I want to go with you if I can . "
tr	6	And what do I call him ?
tr	9	" Detective " said Phillip with a nod of his head and a grin .
tr	11	He laughed suddenly as the answer came to him , waving off Kevin 's inquiring look .
tr	9	Still recovering from the injuries of the last twelve hours , some Bastian Hunters moved more slowly than others .
tr	11	No one is to come to this hallowed hole in the earth .
tr	10	Only takes us a sec to do a quick change . '
tr	11	I think she 's been putting on an act . "
tr	5	" About twelve , and that 's a great idea ! "
tr	8	The image of two silhouetted fighters with clashing staff 's impressed itself on Connor 's mind .
tr	10	As Tartar and Noah grew to know each other they conversed about fighting methods .
tr	7	You can count on us . "
tr	6	The children scattered , and the fire bolts struck the BBC instead .
tr	10	A massive head wound had been his end , the war club lying at his feet .
tr	5	I quite liked the Egyptian bum .
tr	5	Beavers , squirrels , centaurs , skunks , and unicorns ended the line .
tr	8	Isaac yelled to me over the roar of the avalanche .
tr	5	Of course , they all performed perfectly .
tr	6	" We 're stronger and smarter .
tr	7	At least I don 't shatter rocks with my touch anymore .
tr	8	In fact , that was precisely what she would do .
tr	11	" How come none of them have come back to the base ? "
tr	8	He was now wearing white Chef 's pants and shirt , with white shoes .
tr	10	You say everyone is knocked on the floor ?
tr	7	He was as bad as they came .
tr	10	The game will be played Friday the thirteenth , vehicles not a problem , " he rang off .
tr	6	His eyes narrowed in on me .
tr	7	Slowly , he rolled back one tight scarlet sleeve , revealing white skin .
tr	9	Is she certain that Kingston will lick the competition ?
tr	9	Creatures of a kind attacked each other and the sand ran dark with their black blood .
tr	8	" I have had enough for now .
tr	8	I chuckled , slapping my friend on the back .
tr	8	Can 't just hold a defensive position for ever ... ... .
tr	10	There looked to be a fairly large stockpile of food under several tarps .
tr	8	When she looked in the mirror she saw something dark moving behind her , like a ghost .
tr	5	Maddy glances up and down the street , a bit apprehensive .
tr	5	" Yes , Weber , but we need more time .
tr	7	As she did , a zillion photos flew off the bed and floated to the bedroom floor like confetti .
tr	8	I know he needs you .
tr	9	Not as confusing as it sounded .
tr	7	he asked , returning the volley .
tr	11	Pierre was right it was not time for any heroics .
tr	6	' Aye , weel , this is different - ' Rob Anybody began , but stopped .
tr	9	This would insure he received all the credit .
tr	8	After wandering for twenty minutes she at last found the place and ordered croissants and coffee .
tr	6	So it 's not Vann then , you just don 't want a relationship right now . '
tr	9	" And Mr. Vetter , I would also like to commend your brother .
tr	7	He moved too fast for my eyes and was already half the distance between us .
tr	5	' Great idea , I like it ' .
tr	11	Rylan let his eyebrows rise as he studied the beast .
tr	5	Folklore , magic , psychological phenomena , and legitimate viral infections are closely intertwined .
tr	8	As quietly as she could , she went to the doorway and looked in , but the room was deserted .
tr	7	" Bet you have three cars , don 't you ? "
tr	9	I got up from a huge bed , to detect the breeze 's source .
tr	11	The sisters smiled and blushed and protested his blandishments , but now Chris wondered if they 'd ever let him go .
tr	6	I popped open the top drawer , pulled out the flask , and gave the contents a warning sniff .
tr	10	I 'll be ok don 't worry .
tr	9	Most of the zombies around town were starting to look pretty worn out .
tr	6	" Where is my brother , you bastard ? "
tr	10	the Falcon said as he stood before Roberto with a grin , scratching his chin .
tr	6	2 Thursday , August 11 The next Thursday was sunny and hot , the library parking lot half full .
tr	7	The injured were dispatched with the parang .
tr	8	The family 's life force had dissipated and dissolved and its vital aura became a pale imitation of itself .
tr	6	The creature 's watery hand reached out and grabbed the outside door handle , rattling it again .
tr	10	Her eyes were still downcast on the plate before her as she took small bites of the remaining food .
tr	11	He could just imagine what would happen during the next few weeks .
tr	6	" Now we break in , " Alcide said , and I said , " Wait . "
tr	7	Just as he swung it down , I rolled out of the way and landed on the ground hard .
tr	9	He was excited like a little boy on Christmas morning .
tr	6	The words formed very slowly in her brain .
tr	8	he said while passing six cars .
tr	8	" So , what am I looking for here ? "
tr	8	Once this cargo from the C-5 flight is up there , our overall mission can begin .
tr	6	" That 's bullshit , I always placed that thing at a safe distance .
tr	5	Besides , that 's not the important thing right now . "
tr	5	He said ' no . '
tr	6	When his father died , Mrs. Bowen raised Pat by herself , with no family or help .
tr	5	In their old life , she was always so together .
tr	9	Is it something I did in the past ?
tr	10	Needing to be wrapped around him .
tr	11	Therefore , they will be able to get a fix on you even if you are invisible . "
tr	9	Lilly Ann picked up the tray with the breakfast dishes and tip toeing she left the room .
tr	7	' I could really do with a smoke . '
tr	5	' All right , everyone calm down . '
tr	7	A stream of blood ran down his face and the Falcon came for him .
tr	5	" What are you talking about ? "
tr	8	" How did you even learn all of this ? "
tr	8	I don 't want to know .
tr	11	Posts were set in the ground on the outside of the circle to brace the wall panels .
tr	9	" Do you mind if I stay ? "
tr	11	We were leaving Sleaford on the A15 before I allowed myself to relax .
tr	6	She was lifeless and pale grey .
tr	6	For a second their gazes held and then she was gone .
tr	8	I presume you got the message ? "
tr	6	He 's damn near seven feet tall , right ? "
tr	5	ABOUT THE AUTHOR : Freedom fighter , international mercenary , Riviera jewel thief , jet pilot and gigolo .
tr	7	No sound escaped from beyond it .
tr	9	His turret wound up , which put a smirk on his face .
tr	9	The second car bounced along with its windows open and four boys laughing and cursing inside .
tr	9	The Prince was almost overwhelmed by the sounds of shouting and riotous activity .
tr	8	It 's Rafferty ... . .
tr	8	Surprise elevated the pitch of the man 's voice .
tr	9	Convincing Amanda he should take the lead had been a nightmare .
tr	8	He would also be escorted back to Baghdad .
tr	7	Best case , they 'll take the bribe and wave us through .
tr	8	" Two days ago , " and he snickered , " but don 't you worry , we will get him .
tr	9	" They will be at your coordinates in moments . "
tr	8	Abby looked at the screen , " Aah , you 've already found it all ? "
tr	9	I 'm not stupid , I know that Mara told you everything .
tr	8	It 's a long story , and very dark in many places ... but I can tell you . "
tr	9	The cow , tied to the back of the cart , sagged against the cart in a brown mountainous carcass .
tr	7	We can guard King Martin well enough , but the rest of the government is at risk too .
tr	11	Only white crests of churning foam allowed Chris to tell where the sea ended and the shore began .
tr	6	Not just book smart , but cunning , clever .
tr	8	My mind then drifted to the mysterious and swift appearance of the military .
tr	9	She didn 't want to stop it .
tr	7	" Just got him , " I say , and the little girl beams .
tr	8	I hope you are well ? "
tr	10	" I 'm telling him we 're sorry , " she added in a low tone to Neil .
tr	7	I know I am . "
tr	7	Scott pulled the radio from his belt and keyed it .
tr	10	Eda stared at her , trying to accept the information .
tr	10	He knew he had to flee .
tr	7	" It is an insignificant speck in the world .
tr	8	Only my task has been chosen for me .
tr	8	He turned to face Tristan .
tr	11	" The project needed someone who could understand it , and I thank you , Ben .
tr	6	" Thank you , Sir , " Snow Job said .
tr	6	In the distance , beyond the rivers and remaining valley , mountains in deep purple and blue reached toward the sky .
tr	10	See what there is to see .
tr	7	One hundred and eighty of you have immediate families here on base .
tr	5	At long last , the elevator doors opened .
tr	7	Raphael 's voice came to the rescue , ' One , two ... ' Calvin squeezed B-flat .
tr	5	" The caf is closed ? "
tr	7	" Do they sell blueberry scones ? "
tr	8	" The illness has taken hold of his spirit .
tr	7	Archie picked something shiny off the table and tossed it to Andy .
tr	8	I sank through the sodden darkness once more , my limbs spread out to slow my descent .
tr	5	" So I 'm a sucker then , eh ? "
tr	7	The mere fact of arrival was usually possible because of that technical difference .
tr	9	I wonder what 's going on .
tr	6	The ring looked fairly modest next to the other priceless and ancient valuables .
tr	8	Thank you for coming in . "
tr	7	He saw a taller , brown haired man and a shorter , dark haired man .
tr	6	All but one man was tied and he became the designated rower .
tr	10	She could just stop and wait , but they 'd still be stuck with nowhere to go .
tr	8	The agent , or rather , the shapeshifter , had just punched through Franks ' back , severing his spinal column .
tr	5	In fact , give me your cell phone . "
tr	9	For right now , tell me what you know about this diplomatic meeting . "
tr	6	Cisco is overwhelmed once again .
tr	9	Jack and Joe Jack are carrying him , quick , I think he is hurt . "
tr	8	The guy I 'd knifed was an accident , self-defense .
tr	5	" Sage - " " Stop , Adrian , " said Jill .
tr	11	" I never thought logging would include fixing coyote paws . "
tr	7	In desperation , the kids returned back to the train station and sat down near the tracks .
tr	6	The main thing holding us up I believe is the oil lobby .
tr	11	Raphael explained about coming back to the flat with food .
tr	8	I hope I 'm not -- " " You 're right , " Riki said .
tr	10	He realized now that some senior officers would come from his country .
tr	9	It was like visiting her Gran 's house , before she died .
tr	6	I heard my name and Extravaganza .
tr	8	This guy is cute and everything , but not much of a work out , " Jason declares .
tr	9	" OK ... ... you stay where you are at least until tomorrow .
tr	10	We don 't know what will happen yet .
tr	8	' But I never knew he was such a coward before ! '
tr	11	When he turned to look at her , I threw my tomahawk and killed him .
tr	6	I rest my chin on my gloved hands and fume .
tr	6	The grey clad man reaches out to her , his gloved hand beckoning .
tr	10	" No ... clipped him though but we can deal with that . " .
tr	11	" He seems to be suffering a fit of temper . "
tr	5	' Good news all round , ' Richard said .
tr	8	The same bloody dream had snatched her from sleep ... . .
tr	10	" Who would want to see me ? "
tr	10	Calvin stood dripping in a towel looking serious .
tr	6	In all , it took four such trips to re-supply the ship .
tr	6	The guard planted the all-too-familiar spear on the ground beside him .
tr	10	Anything that hot would have burnt up anything in his pockets - even if the pants themselves were heat-resistant .
tr	6	" But not at the cost of her life . "
tr	11	" Society as we know it will collapse ! "
tr	11	It would not be easy in the darkness but they had the glow to serve as a marker .
tr	7	Reid placed a hand on my shoulder and frowned .
tr	8	" Do you want something ? "
tr	8	I landed hard on the ground , further opening the wound and my body ached .
tr	10	Tori and Daniel snuck out of the rooms and met in front of the attic door .
tr	7	Ricky was tired of this argument and dismissed Tommy 's ignorant ranting .
tr	7	Smiling grimly , I holstered the gun , renewed my grip on the landing gear and pulled myself up .
tr	6	And then , in all that chaos , one light shone brighter than all the others .
tr	7	Moments later , we had secured the principal entrance to the underground facility .
tr	10	They seem to be afraid of her .
tr	9	Where were they headed when the beacon went dark ? "
tr	8	he said with a smirk of defiance .
tr	9	I held him tight , close to me , as if that could fix everything .
tr	10	I wanted him to look at the note , read my warning , and act on it .
tr	11	" I guess that we might as well deal with this right now , " he said .
tr	8	" Our little ward , " Virgil added , swirling the liquid in his glass .
tr	9	" Never run down range until all weapons are secured , you jerk ! "
tr	5	Instead , for the first time , she preferred the immediate present .
tr	11	When this meeting was announced it all came together , I used some pull and here we are . "
tr	6	Half a dozen cars behind the watcher keyed his mike again .
tr	9	We haven 't tried it on a policeman yet , but ... Oh !
tr	6	Next to him , one of his friends was also proudly showing off another silver tattoo .
tr	6	" By this time I have worked up a large appetite .
tr	11	I don 't know why she wanted beans with all this stuff , " he mumbled , shaking his head .
tr	9	I lifted my blade , another gift from Adam , high above my head .
tr	8	He began to work out his escape plan .
tr	10	It was almost midnight when we finally ended our negotiations with the FBI and Interpol .
tr	8	" We were banqueting in the king 's hall . "
tr	6	Her bold move hushed the men for a moment .
tr	11	I explored the river south of Astor in hopes of finding some place well off the beaten track .
tr	8	It was a fine weapon , the black leather hilt inlaid with gold in the shape of three crossed arrows .
tr	10	" I 'm gon na enjoy killin ' you .
tr	7	The bank in Zurich has a deposit box under my name . '
tr	8	" That 's very thoughtful of you , kid , if a bit disingenuous .
tr	10	All the animals had come to know the place as the Garden .
tr	8	Eventually , what gave them away were their license plates .
tr	9	I want to know why .
tr	8	Crusty patches of blood had dried around her violet and yellow nose .
tr	9	Reaching the palace 's great doorway , he saluted the guards who stood watch .
tr	10	She watched him go feeling confused .
tr	8	The majority of his bulk was hidden amidst folds of fine orange fabric .
tr	11	" Are we just gon na leave the rope ? "
tr	9	She tries to gather her will , but she feels nothing .
tr	8	" It 's like it 's alive ! "
tr	8	After the two said their goodbyes , and the captain walked away , Chris shouted after him .
tr	10	Only When it 's Saturday , he thought seeing his watch pointing after midnight .
tr	5	" A wise move , I 'd say .
tr	9	This was not the time to be a hero .
tr	8	" I 'm a bit lost and I 'm looking for an address .
tr	8	So he knows we already have Gillibrand and Murkowski .
tr	9	Sam had the glasses and was giving a play-by-play of the goings on .
tr	6	A combination of hunger , boredom and solitude , was making her restless and cranky .
tr	5	" Pretty sure , " he said .
tr	7	" Shhh , Jeff , you 'll wake Sky , " Kim hissed , her face flushed red .
tr	6	" Of course not , " they both answered and she pulled up a chair .
tr	5	" Yes , mon ami , " agreed the man .
tr	11	Reveal that which I seek to see .
tr	6	" Sir Brand , " he said , " You have a big day tomorrow .
tr	8	David wanted his pound of flesh ( or was it now a kilo ? )
tr	10	They ducked out of the brush to be welcomed by the others .
tr	11	Cloth -- most likely grease impregnated - with imprint of a key in it .
tr	9	" At least that often .
tr	10	" Actually , I was just getting ready to watch ... " I stopped .
tr	10	The slits in the surrounding walls didn 't allow much light through , so I couldn 't make out his eyes .
tr	11	Ted easily hauled Melody up to stand on the top of the rock .
tr	10	The way she spoke , it was as if death was nothing to him .
tr	10	The feeling inside me builds , and then I cannot rest until I satisfy the spirit . "
tr	11	Disgust coiled within her belly , threatening to spill over her lips but she swallowed , refusing to back down .
tr	6	He picked up his mobile and hit a speed dial . .
tr	5	A double murder in the back of my shop .
tr	10	Hell , maybe I might even try running for once and whip your butt , Mr. Fancy Pilot ! "
tr	8	They were as darkly similar as the matched blades they were named for .
tr	10	He circled around to stand behind the spot and reached up and down and patted the air .
tr	6	" No , " the Prince insisted , " I 'm fine . "
tr	6	" He 's my only son , my only boy . "
tr	8	what in the world is happening to our society ?
tr	11	I assume that you are familiar with Captain Fannin , sir . "
tr	10	The angels were blockading the spaceship from the City of the Robots preventing their return back to earth .
tr	5	" Meet my parents ? "
tr	6	He saluted , and the gig pulled away .
tr	9	He still nursed the hope that he 'd managed it last year .
tr	11	But if you 'll not stop acting like an ass then we will be no more . "
tr	7	Gabriel looked at Alejo and shook his head sadly .
tr	8	And so the dominoes had begun to fall .
tr	7	But then a different picture swallowed that one up .
tr	9	And , " I 'm certain this is the right place . "
tr	11	He knew that sooner or later someone would walk into the hall and they 'd be caught .
tr	7	That huge , stained glass window was installed in 1320 .
tr	10	He should know , or at the very least have enough facts to make an educated guess .
tr	8	I can tell that about a man .
tr	7	~ ~ ~ Chapter 16 The Museum The jangling of the phone brought her out of a deep sleep .
tr	7	" Stop , " Abby instructed as she consulted the GPS .
tr	11	I had to stop her from answering that .
tr	9	" Do you have something from your time ? "
tr	11	It suddenly occurred to him that the two farms would do better to consolidate .
tr	9	The moment passed quickly and next thing she was almost on the floor holding her sides , laughing uncontrollably .
tr	6	" Four , five , eight ... ten days , " he said with a smile in his voice .
tr	5	" Yes , very close , " said Three Baskets .
tr	10	Landon whispered as he fingered the hilt of his sword .
tr	9	I really wanted to get my nose out of the whiff zone .
tr	11	Alejo 's footsteps dragged as he trudged down the narrow stairs , leaving his father alone on the hostel roof .
tr	7	He immediately recognized the decorations on the man 's chest .
tr	6	... Tony tucked Miranda into her new bed , kissed her forehead , and turned out the light .
tr	9	It took him no time at all to spin his horse around for another pass .
tr	11	Just as with Minister Drake , I was backed into a corner unable to escape .
tr	10	" That little girl has run wild in these hills for five damned years ? "
tr	7	And then , we will finally have our revenge , " said Logan , grabbing his fist hard .
tr	8	The Commander poured himself a pretty hefty Bowmore and sat crossing his impeccably tailored legs .
tr	8	" No , sooner or later he would have betrayed me , I never liked him .
tr	8	Also , both attempts occurred in the middle of the day without an apparent getaway .
tr	9	It is because it has to .
tr	10	Why do you need to see me -- Holy living ghost ! "
tr	10	" I said it was ridiculous and there must have been some sort of mistake .
tr	10	They 'd need to get him some nourishment .
tr	8	Where had all that nonsense about glaciers and the end of long-lost civilisations come from ?
tr	9	Arrange a meeting with everyone , preferably at the house either tonight or tomorrow night ... .
tr	6	And when he smirked , she quickly added , " He has a use . "
tr	6	' I 'm Kim Chen , ' the director continued , ' and this is my assistant Marco . '
tr	6	It was just the way things were .
tr	7	No gendarmes were injured in these attacks . "
tr	6	Already in her cat form and in such a primal panic , all sense of humanity had left her .
tr	9	He ran upstairs , calling for him , but no one answered .
tr	8	You will be much stronger than I ever was , however . "
tr	6	Gabe turns his head in my direction .
tr	11	Several hours later he awakened to a familiar sound which came from below .
tr	10	Also , he was handsome , maybe handsome enough to be a romantic lead .
tr	7	With a mighty shove , Joe threw the zombies off of him and rolled in the opposite direction .
tr	11	That was another line Ted had gotten off of his dad .
tr	5	Heat tore up her spine and her cl * t throbbed uncontrollably .
tr	6	His blank eyes gave the answer , and it terrified me .
tr	11	As she got nearer , a sensation like nervousness tingled in her chest until she realized it was joyful anticipation .
tr	6	Lord Brogan glanced around the tent .
tr	10	There are some people eager to meet you . "
tr	6	A conference room : a long table , chairs , and a flat-screen TV on the wall .
tr	9	" No , " said Ben , " Ahmad looks familiar to me .
tr	9	Panic began to surge in his chest .
tr	7	' You look like shit , ' Reid told Anatole with a grin .
tr	10	When the blades finally came to a halt I exited the helicopter and went to look inside the hangar .
tr	5	And then she , and everything else , was gone .
tr	7	In his younger days he would never have even considered this .
tr	8	All the military people she had met were nice to her .
tr	11	Some were sayin ' it was a sign of the second coming .
tr	8	Oh , and who was really his father ?
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	8	" Was there anybody living around here when the lava came through ? "
tr	10	Red Talon introduced the braves that were there along with Loot and Fire Cub .
tr	9	I 'm not going to have it .
tr	7	The stranger dropped an empty bottle and nodded a greeting toward Kendall .
tr	8	Pleased to meet you . '
tr	9	Abby briefly explained , " Looks like about 120 feet downhill to the first intersection .
tr	9	" Just go back to bed and stop playing about , will you ?
tr	11	They enter , an ' they bash down the doors of the huts . "
tr	7	" She 's a great dancer , Hank , " Burt said , " You 're a lucky guy . "
tr	10	' You 'll do well not to question your superiors , Soul . '
tr	6	Occasionally his paranoia does pay off . "
tr	8	The siblings rested outside the tunnel of the cruel Spider .
tr	11	Everything that the Order ever discovered how to do is written here .
tr	9	What kind of monstrous creatures would turned up and prey on them ?
tr	9	He didn 't get to his position in life by sucking up .
tr	6	Pant legs intrude into my visual field .
tr	9	However , and because of that , what they said went .
tr	7	" Prepare to repel , men !
tr	8	" Fine , my fellow Americans ' tax dollars are being sent to the UN .
tr	5	But in this one I was just a silent observer . "
tr	8	I have to stay strong .
tr	7	We will get further instructions once there , " stated the voice in the next cubicle .
tr	9	Rift asks , though he has a pretty good idea .
tr	9	She turns to face the living horror , her fingertips tingling .
tr	10	She sounded like she had caught him in a terrible crime .
tr	10	Bodies swiftly fell before me as we were forced inexorably up the steps .
tr	9	" I think it something like Celia ... Katsu call her CC . "
tr	11	Thank god I decided just to stay the one night .
tr	10	People stop trying to convince me .
tr	8	' I mean you no disrespect , Tomas , ' he said , gazing coolly at the older man .
tr	11	I will not give him any more , as I am afraid of his becoming dehydrated .
tr	6	" Now sheriff , " she said in her typical soft , angelic tone .
tr	8	Her eyes alighted on a poster with a Ruskin quote on it .
tr	7	In all of this , Phillip moved not a muscle .
tr	11	She was so delicate that he always had to be very careful .
tr	10	I don 't want to deal with it . "
tr	8	He shoved both hands in the pockets of his tattered pants .
tr	9	" People are dying , " Gabe speaks up , " innocent people . "
tr	7	The colorful glare from the screen illuminated the faces in the front tables , the ghostly pale faces uplifted to Jake .
tr	8	If his Mother would do it , or one of the Children .
tr	9	Somebody go and tell the cook to come back in . "
tr	9	With no interest in learning battle techniques right now , Link immediately turns to leave .
tr	11	And there was the complication of involving someone else in the plot .
tr	9	" Oh , I believe you 're being modest !
tr	5	CM : You -- BG : Yeah , yeah , Lor and me .
tr	9	I want to go but Mummy says it 's too far . "
tr	6	" Every time we make a picture , " Burt said , " They call it a Revival . "
tr	7	" They marched me into this cell and locked the door behind me . "
tr	10	More noise started in the cave , a whine similar to the first sounds .
tr	10	He looked around and was impressed by the elegant ambience of the room .
tr	11	The men sent out to check the camp soon came back .
tr	10	" Watch the ground , or you 'll be looking at it much closer than you planned .
tr	5	This time Taylor 's promise came true .
tr	7	" There are no scouts in the mountains . "
tr	6	" No , I 'm fine , " the Prince responded .
tr	6	" And I told ye , " the woman says , " it 's Hildy , not old woman . "
tr	11	" So what were you planning on doing with this information ? "
tr	10	" Tanks coming from around the bend in the road . "
tr	7	" Ask and I shall tell you . "
tr	6	At least it 's back in London , at the Barbican . "
tr	7	Mark closed the driver 's door and started the engine .
tr	10	He is not to be underestimated in any way .
tr	7	So we can relieve her of her responsibility . "
tr	7	Not too far from where you found me . "
tr	11	He placed the cylinder heads carefully on the linoleum and traced the outlines of the gaskets with a pencil .
tr	6	He made no comment , gave no sign of any emotion .
tr	8	What had happened to him ?
tr	6	" You 're not her cousin , " Boyle shot back , then threw up his hands .
tr	10	The balding man took her hand carefully instead and held it , frowning back at Alejo in concern .
tr	9	Wherever it was coming from .
tr	6	Three hours fifty-nine minutes and fifty-eight seconds after the kidnapping the camera covering the stud farm zoomed out .
tr	10	" I need to get to a phone , " Mark said .
tr	6	And so ... from what he told us ... they figured it out .
tr	9	It 's a beautiful morning and we should be putting as many horses out as possible . "
tr	8	" He could have flown down , I saw a sign for the airport on the way here . "
tr	11	That 's why Atticus has you in his sights down the hall as we speak .
tr	7	Avril , Kaylin and I felt him that night , but he hasn 't been back since .
tr	11	As she continued to think about life , she fell asleep .
tr	8	Inside , he could only see neatly stacked rows of soda cans and water bottles .
tr	7	" Well , if you have no further questions , I will excuse myself .
tr	10	" Let me do that for you . "
tr	9	" We have work to do , " she says .
tr	11	It made him want to drain someone .
tr	8	The missing woman is pale as milk , has dark , pretty eyes , round cheeks , and short curls .
tr	5	" No one dad , " Tori yelled back .
tr	5	" Aye , sir , " she tried the local language tentatively .
tr	8	But even worse , the ship was now in an all out free fall and was spinning out of control .
tr	9	Jen walked out to a bench by one of the ponds and waited for her .
tr	7	She joined up with Kurt , and they raced down the stairs to the warhead .
tr	7	Her father , Geert , and Pierre had long talks about his life on the open sea .
tr	8	She knew it was wrong .
tr	7	Are we any safer ? "
tr	9	" Bet you didn 't see that coming in 1962 . "
tr	10	I sleep knowing I will wake .
tr	6	The FBI 's telepath was in a coma .
tr	9	As I opened the door to the rear deck and stepped out .
tr	10	There was the sound of a key scraping in the lock , and the Prince fell silent .
tr	9	Everyone thought that would be good .
tr	8	" Come to think of it , I might need a little help . "
tr	6	The countryside around was battered and destroyed , the trees and shrubs blown apart by the constant shelling .
tr	8	He would give this to Red Talon to drink .
tr	8	I couldn 't help but feel a twinge of guilt .
tr	7	the man asked , his voice thick with an eastern European accent .
tr	5	A soft wind blew , and the painted representations obliged .
tr	11	Point is , we have to try now .
tr	6	This could not be happening .
tr	8	Eight On the way back to his office , Jack Carson picked up his phone and dialed Helen 's secure line .
tr	9	I guess that first guard had got the sack .
tr	7	" Okay , but if anything goes wrong , you just hit the ground and stay there .
tr	9	His eyes come up to meet mine , and there is no humor in them .
tr	8	" The corpses move with the speed of a White Wolf . "
tr	6	In case he was wrong , he dialed Angel , Nick , even his parents , and Pirro and Aunt Vi .
tr	10	" You 're to be the head of the new JP Central Intelligence Agency . "
tr	9	She was frantic , gasping in horror , screaming for help from the nightmare .
tr	5	" Thanks , " he says hoarsely .
tr	5	" In his cage , like a good little guinea pig . "
tr	6	Something hot and tangy oozed off Gabriel 's bloodied lip onto his tongue .
tr	10	The young man who was listening in silence , smirked behind his hood .
tr	7	Malcolm wrapped his arm around my waist and slammed me to the bridge .
tr	10	Kurt inhaled , taking in the scent of a new city , as he walked down the stairs .
tr	10	Stalls still have to be mucked out and tack cleaned .
tr	7	On time but starving they parked at Oxford Road and searched for food and payphones .
tr	7	" I 've heard worse ideas , " Jack shrugged , " Most of them from you . "
tr	11	We were faced with a narrow walkway at the top of one of the castle walls .
tr	6	He looked back and saw nothing .
tr	8	The readings indicated a large fissure , a sort of hole on the ocean bed .
tr	8	" You 're hand 's on fire , " Goodspeed said helpfully .
tr	9	Their leader did not turn his head , scowling at the horizon .
tr	10	The room was silent except for the faint noise of traffic outside .
tr	10	It was the generally accepted way of things and now was no time to start experimenting .
tr	9	Why would he want to do that ? "
tr	6	Did he kinda like me ?
tr	9	The caused some upset among the animals and some of them kicked or reared .
tr	9	No it wasn 't , I distinctly remember you saying ... " " Boys ! "
tr	10	" We 're just going to leave them out here with that freak ? "
tr	10	A few times the Prince caught her looking at him across the fire at night .
tr	10	" As opposed to being your slaves ? "
tr	11	You will not tell me what I want to know .
tr	10	-- into a metal container that he then set it over the fire to heat .
tr	8	The only other color he saw was the red on the pillars and the bright blue light under the emulators .
tr	11	" He comes because you have something he desires .
tr	9	Both brothers turn to look at me for the first time .
tr	9	Be sure to stop by .
tr	7	The next sixty seconds were a blur of light and shadows .
tr	10	In the morning , I 'll see if I can find any tracks . "
tr	5	" Absolutely , the first one was rather boring .
tr	8	With a groan of pain he fell back on the makeshift bed of blankets and rags .
tr	8	I hope it wasn 't you , eh ? "
tr	6	She has wide , brilliant blue eyes , a full , rosy mouth , and a soft , round face .
tr	9	Amanda grabbed his hand before he got the deadbolt open .
tr	7	Without further delay Hailey ran through the entrance and the sudden darkness closed behind her .
tr	6	" That is correct , " said Ahmad .
tr	10	I have a couple of customers in the North Sea but my largest customer is in Brunei .
tr	8	When we told him the news , he was horrified and astounded .
tr	10	" Warrior , are you trying to turn me on ?
tr	6	He brought his lips inches from mine .
tr	9	Others had already begun squeezing their clothes or shaking their caps .
tr	6	She bowed her head and finished her prayers .
tr	8	" The safest place is right next to you , dear , " she said .
tr	6	" I will not lose you either , my friend , " he assured me .
tr	9	Still ... there was something more going on here than met the eye .
tr	7	He handed Missy a small flashlight and she tucked it into her back pocket .
tr	8	Melody abandoned the empty pack behind the air conditioners and grabbing her rifle , headed back out to the street .
tr	8	" I mean how many men were there ? "
tr	9	The horrible noises haunting his every thought fade away , seemingly pulled into the vortex overtaking his vision .
tr	10	" God , I wish I were going with you .
tr	5	" Naturally , naturally , " the Master nodded , his features wobbly .
tr	10	" The Glorious Corona is in a safe place , far from here , " she mused .
tr	8	Nice to have you aboard . "
tr	7	" What did you think about all this ? "
tr	9	she screamed , her eyes scanning the entrance to the pasture and the little back courtyard outside the kitchen door .
tr	5	In the latter , however , it 's a " Major Good . "
tr	9	I 'll just have to take it then .
tr	10	The Little 's giggled behind me as Ezra walked up to the boy .
tr	7	" Papers inscribed with our laws , " Riki said , interrupting .
tr	10	Shooting her an angry glance , Link manages to silence the fairy for now .
tr	8	That 's the kid on the guy 's lap . "
tr	7	Shoulders back , head held high , she marched towards the commander .
tr	6	" That 'll bring the sheriff . "
tr	7	Alfred sat still , awaiting a reply .
tr	8	As I headed towards Victor , Thorne 's sword slipped past his defence and pierced his abdomen just below his ribcage .
tr	9	Terrible things began to happen in the capital city .
tr	8	" Please make sure that you deliver the letter .
tr	8	You said your name when you called me .
tr	8	" Girls , run upstairs and change your clothes , then come back down and help me with dinner . "
tr	6	The other gentleman is Mr. Carter , a friend of my brother 's from his school days .
tr	7	He rang the doorbell at the concrete brick entrance and waited out on the street .
tr	8	The business is known as Café de Chiapas and has a small distribution operation in South London .
tr	5	" Fine , for now , " she said and put down the tomatoes .
tr	10	" I 'll cook this and stir in the dry rations with water .
tr	7	Seen from the outside , the palace was large .
tr	9	The men , with their bodies painted white , were almost iridescent .
tr	11	" Is that my hairbrush you 're using ? "
tr	9	A Journeyman seeks out the enemies who committed the wrong .
tr	10	I tell you what I can , but I think I 've nothing more of value . "
tr	8	" You made the poison just to get us here ? "
tr	7	It was flat and about eighteen inches long and twelve inches wide .
tr	9	Might be a safer way to travel . "
tr	8	The rest of my family thinks that 's very important . "
tr	7	I know exactly how you feel . "
tr	8	Then I could go into therapy and hypnosis and brainwash the memories away .
tr	8	I crept forward the last few feet and let out a battle cry of excitement .
tr	9	William does many complicated things to test 007 , and using this account from the outside could appear normal .
tr	6	" But we certainly will not hire you ! "
tr	6	' Ready or not here I come ' , so I hid under the table .
tr	8	" There were spies within the Kindred , " he responded , " a clan of Seekers . "
tr	11	We are going to take Earth as new home .
tr	6	' An ounce apiece from the many doth far exceed a pound apiece from the few . '
tr	5	Eight Walking down the stairs , she heard the grandfather clock chime four times .
tr	10	I was happily retired before Reggie put me in a similar position . "
tr	10	Let 's tell them we 'll stay behind and mimic their movements exactly .
tr	9	" Okay , so you 'll be in charge of construction .
tr	11	It looks as if it is searching for something ; most likely us .
tr	7	Do tell me , he is , after all , my employee . "
tr	8	" But why do I speak so grimly ?
tr	11	They were a mix of family shots and pictures of people he didn 't recognize .
tr	10	Abbey was disorientated as she returned to reality .
tr	10	" We don 't believe that anybody was interfering , " replied the Assistant Chief of the CIA .
tr	7	" Sounds fun to me Georgie , haven 't been there in years .
tr	6	He carefully placed the small case inside his backpack .
tr	7	Gwendolyn groans , her eyes roll back into her head and her body goes limp .
tr	8	When he got to the end , he let go of her hand and dove into the water on a whim .
tr	7	Frank had ridden up from Portugal with the second frigate module .
tr	6	" It 's a wonderful treasure , " Mary said , and gave Nick a wink .
tr	9	" I didn 't see Taylor jump , I 'm sure he had his reasons .
tr	5	Let 's think silly together .
tr	6	" Astral Projection is the technical term , " Mark said .
tr	8	All except Sykes , that is , who continued his leer .
tr	10	I was a coward and I couldn 't decide what I wanted , Damian as a friend or lover ?
tr	9	If it wasn 't done on your order , it was still done under your roof .
tr	10	She is everything I want in a daughter .
tr	8	" And you must have been a good friend , " she sniffed .
tr	9	" George , how fast are you going ? "
tr	9	He said this without any emotion and Nathan knew it wasn 't simply boasting , but reality .
tr	6	" That works , " Alex said , " I need a break anyway . "
tr	7	If everyone puts out enough effort , we 'll quit then . "
tr	8	God didn 't want the prideful peasants ruining His order .
tr	7	So far , everything was proceeding to plan .
tr	7	I just need to rest . "
tr	7	" Gave it his all .
tr	7	He was the largest and most muscular of the lot .
tr	5	" Why , Mr. Vassar , that was my only bikini top . "
tr	7	The walls of the building were riddled with bullet holes .
tr	5	His father asked , much more quietly , " What he said ? "
tr	9	I think I can handle it . "
tr	9	Dad eyed them while pulling me a few steps away .
tr	8	" Chief Wayland , you didn 't hear anything just now , did you ? "
tr	7	" Let 's go for a test ride , " he eagerly suggested and hopped into the passenger seat .
tr	5	" You said ' iced ' ? "
tr	9	It was dangerous in the extreme for the Children to act openly against each other .
tr	7	Through the pain , my mind locked in on his voice .
tr	9	Maya flings her arms about her mother 's neck and they both happily embrace .
tr	7	Something was out of place , but Logan caught it first .
tr	11	Anything ruthless or nasty you might have heard about his gang was probably the plain truth .
tr	10	The great hall has a window that looks down onto the lake . "
tr	7	Bring the other two up to my location . "
tr	11	They were to only talk when spoken to .
tr	9	We opened the door to the guest room , to find the window frame smashed .
tr	6	And then , shortly after midday , there came from the masthead the cry : " Sail Ho ! "
tr	6	' Yeah , actually you look cool on this one mate . '
tr	5	Of the three , only Felix is still alive . '
tr	6	" I just laid low , stayed at the apartment for the next two weeks .
tr	11	As I had told Connie , I decided to rename the ketch , at present it was Neptune 's Pride .
tr	8	" They 've started draining our main generator . "
tr	8	I know you slack off at times .
tr	10	I tried to talk myself to sleep .
tr	8	Securing hoods and pulling on mittens , the two left the safety of the tent .
tr	6	Hope is a wonderful thing , she thought .
tr	10	" But first there is something else I must talk about .
tr	7	" Oh , I -- " What would Mana say ?
tr	10	" I just hate that you have to , " he murmured into her hair .
tr	6	As a rule , guys thought of her as a friend , never as a girlfriend .
tr	8	Andy could hear the tension in his voice .
tr	6	" Well ... " Just then Abby arrived at the lunchroom with Dylan , Jake , and Nash .
tr	10	" Just make sure whatever happens , no one from our end shoots . "
tr	8	" So in the light of the flames , my uncle could see the cougar coming down the rock face .
tr	6	But the words sounded hollow , even in his head .
tr	6	He looked carefully at her .
tr	7	The woman stretched out one long arm and gripped the girl 's shoulder .
tr	8	Not understanding him , Mike used one of the few Japanese words that he could remember .
tr	9	Glad that 's off my chest .
tr	9	If you don 't mind I think Johnny and I should have a little talk in private .
tr	10	I think you could get something from the crash settlement .
tr	9	Your job is to turn my orders into their orders . "
tr	10	Scott tried to keep his frown inside but failed and it creased his brow with confusion .
tr	7	For that she was thankful , aware she was quite a sight , not something anyone would forget .
tr	8	They were forever giving me grief about airspace restrictions . "
tr	8	' " ' I heard the bus engine start and listened to it idle while they climbed on board .
tr	10	Regardless of those suspicions , there were undeniable wounds that would be a long time healing .
tr	11	Very quietly , he resumed his monologue , the words hardly loud enough for him to hear .
tr	10	I caught some good footing and finished the drop by swinging into a cave .
tr	9	We were full of parcels and sacks of letters .
tr	9	And now they are talking about you like you are the devil ! "
tr	7	" Life is what it is .
tr	6	The Prince 's ears perked up at the strange word .
tr	7	With a sick , meaty sound , the officers pulled the daggers from Di Luca 's outstretched limbs .
tr	9	' Hang on , ' he said covering the receiver and shouting for Raphael .
tr	10	Nathan meanwhile moved into an office where he called General Anderson first and told him the situation .
tr	9	Instinctively , he angled his head back thrusting his nose into the wind and took a few sniffs .
tr	6	The rest of the crew were scattered here and there .
tr	8	( Where is this ? )
tr	11	" Would you mind acting civilized for just a moment and telling me just what 's so comical ? "
tr	11	He buried these also topping up the cart with toys from the other four .
tr	6	" Give me water , and I will die . "
tr	11	" Then sick I shall have to be .
tr	6	I said in a hoarse whisper .
tr	8	They all moved to see it .
tr	8	Brand 's horse began shivering underneath his legs .
tr	11	I was starting to see how the threads connected .
tr	10	She 's done this before , Kurt realized with a start .
tr	7	The dastardly duo move in again , their movements seemingly coordinated through a singular source .
tr	8	Doc steps up to the transparent bulkhead and rubs some dust off the surface .
tr	7	Gabe remains seated , and his doleful eyes catch mine and hold them .
tr	6	Graffiti , dereliction and uncollected rubbish made one housing complex indistinguishable from another .
tr	8	" Mom says breakfast is ready .
tr	8	All the men stopped and aimed their guns at me -- I was use to it by now .
tr	10	Stranger still , Geist approaches from the west , chugging from a glass bottle as he stumbles closer .
tr	5	A moment later , they reached the South West Loading area .
tr	9	Zeal was proud of her strength , determination and unflagging willpower .
tr	10	" We can 't let something like that ruin our next game . "
tr	6	Yeah , Camden really didn 't like his sister much right now .
tr	7	" Gentlemen , I 'm grateful , honored , and humbled , but I must emphatically refuse .
tr	9	Blood oozed from a cut on his head and the fresh scrapes on his knuckles .
tr	11	' Let 's see what 's over here . '
tr	5	" Then give me a gun . "
tr	8	" Not if you put it that way , " she said as she stared down the hallway .
tr	8	But I 'm not sure what the big deal is .
tr	7	She turned the pendant over in her hands , then looped it around her neck , next to the tiger claw .
tr	11	Simon was travelling as fast as the legal limit would allow him .
tr	8	It was like a marriage in that respect , albeit a severely dysfunctional one .
tr	8	Gabe 's aura starts to jump , but he takes a deep breath and it soothes back down .
tr	7	One thing about her struck Brand as strange : running down her cheeks were twin white scars .
tr	8	And I 've been doing it all .
tr	10	" There are two ways to enter the forest .
tr	11	He knew that he had to do something .
tr	11	" He has spoken in a strange tongue , the like of which I have never heard .
tr	11	They stayed in the well-defined trench as they walked , turn by turn .
tr	7	He turned to Cobb and nodded .
tr	6	" In fact , why don 't you and me go see the Squire together ? "
tr	9	A flame lighted the dark eyes at mention of the name , and some of the people muttered obscenely and spat .
tr	8	" Yeah we have , but let 's not forget where we are .
tr	9	' We went there to look for information on Strauss . '
tr	11	I took little comfort in the feel of the metal tray pressed against my chest .
tr	6	The sound would cover the shot perfectly .
tr	8	The warm scarlet soaked my arm , heating it in the gloom .
tr	6	With the last word , he shot a single finger at us .
tr	6	Just the monster dancing to the song .
tr	7	Matthew didn 't know , he didn 't care , and he certainly didn 't understand .
tr	11	He crossed strong arms over his chest , making the two gold bands above each elbow glitter in the sun .
tr	10	Not about a cute boy using me to supplement his income .
tr	8	The boy 's long trek south is a silent one , not passing a single soul along the way .
tr	6	They rose to her arms , then her shoulders , and finally , to her head .
tr	10	I remembered he can render someone unconscious .
tr	11	You swing the pick into ice and pull on the handle to climb higher .
tr	9	Nathan wanted to tell her he was sorry .
tr	5	" You and your men are barbarians , Craig ! "
tr	8	They formed lines , the original freeform activity suddenly disciplined , yet retaining its savage enthusiasm .
tr	7	Claire covered her face with her palms and peeked at Josh through splayed fingers .
tr	7	this is what I was !
tr	10	The two gathered their things and made their way across the sand back to Sea Street .
tr	7	" I can listen , you know , " she said .
tr	6	" Opening one coffin , fine , Sal , " she said , reprimanding .
tr	10	The last token of my origins , of the religion of my father and mother ! "
tr	11	They don 't seem to be coming after us . '
tr	6	She bit her lip , took a deep breath , and went downstairs .
tr	8	Dagger rolls to his feet and looks out the bars at the huge dragon .
tr	8	The leaves and rope blurred in front of my eyes .
tr	5	Rupert 's eyes crinkled slightly again .
tr	9	Wanting to make this easier .
tr	8	" Abby , so glad that I catch you ! "
tr	9	I raced to the door and pounded on the wood for sanctuary .
tr	7	Who were these people and how did they get here ?
tr	7	" I 'll make tea , " her husband murmured into his pillow .
tr	9	That 's how I tell a regular heart attack from an angel .
tr	11	It was more of a sense that something was there , something on the river .
tr	11	He crawled over to where Lynn was trapped and banged on the door .
tr	6	Rafe said nothing but his brows drew together ominously .
tr	11	' Don 't tell me , you stole the Sukhoi and have come here to claim asylum ? '
tr	9	I snapped out of my imaginary landscape and I scolded myself for having such ridiculous notions .
tr	6	Of course he was already dead , but at that point , he was just too scared .
tr	7	Victor pushed away the helping hands around him and slowly climbed to his feet .
tr	6	She noticed a lone tea mug on the kitchen table .
tr	10	It seemed like all of the potential pitfalls now were between Melody and her destination .
tr	11	Chapter Five The clock on the central console was reading midnight when we reached the outskirts of New York City .
tr	7	She smiled reassuringly at him and urged the pony into a walk .
tr	8	Victor studied the figures seated around the table .
tr	6	" Let 's go . "
tr	11	Manuel guessed that people didn 't say no to him often .
tr	10	I am sorry that I couldn 't contact you .
tr	7	A night chill set in and Michael and Ben gave a little shiver from the cold .
tr	7	She became aware of shakes coursing through her body and a loud hammering in her chest .
tr	8	" That tracking spell is leading him right to you . "
tr	7	Isaac had set up a bomber anchor system and for the moment , I felt fairly secure .
tr	11	Whisper initially assumed that they had become aware of his presence and were going on the run again .
tr	6	" Hole or not , the engine works fine , " Nate pointed out .
tr	6	But damn , those eyes ... they were dark and hard and almost , well , empty .
tr	9	I think she 's getting help .
tr	8	He would stay in Imperial City because duty called .
tr	10	It was all starting to fall into place !
tr	10	He was very impressed with her , but he worried about what she was so deeply thinking about .
tr	7	After turning over his phone , he opened the door and stepped from the car .
tr	5	Test all you hear and doubt all you witness . "
tr	10	Wounded Eagle said , " I am in agreement with you , Wolf Eyes .
tr	10	There were more articles of clothing in the trunk and at the bottom they found nicely framed pictures of people .
tr	7	Soldado waded back to his boat , reached back over the side and pulled down a sawed off double barreled shotgun .
tr	9	The level of noise dropped fractionally so that my next words almost echoed across the room .
tr	9	Well , they sent him back , and we have to supply a new pilot .
tr	6	He knew this land far better than any living soul .
tr	9	Whatever calculating logic he 'd possessed was gone in the face of his burning rage .
tr	7	The rock face reared up to their right as the pine forest closed in on their left .
tr	11	A gentleman in shirt and tie was peering through the glass searching the interior of the coffee shop .
tr	10	He swallowed and started again , still not looking at her .
tr	9	Three to five odds aren 't as bad as they might be , " whispered Jacob .
tr	8	There wasn 't much else to see .
tr	8	Elaina moaned , hands flying to her face .
tr	7	" It 's not proof , but it certainly matches your theory Dr. Colbert .
tr	5	A bass , guitar , trumpet , snare drum and clarinet rounded out the band .
tr	8	After glancing around furtively , she removed a cell phone from her handbag and dialled a number .
tr	8	' They probably hacked into the bank 's computer system , ' I said thoughtfully .
tr	7	He 'd prepared for this .
tr	8	They ran over to a break in the scrubby hedge on the cliff .
tr	8	How could I even ? "
tr	10	It seemed she might continue her monologue but a voice called out from deeper in the hostel .
tr	7	Cobb stroked his chin a moment before responding .
tr	6	Michael , Ben and the expert nestled up close to the glass .
tr	9	She grabbed at it and pushed it tight against her face .
tr	10	They just held each other , longing for the comfort that they could only find with each other .
tr	6	He stood in the hallway for a moment .
tr	7	She returned to her place in bed , watching him .
tr	8	" This is the sword of my father , and his father before him .
tr	6	Liam was tall , like his brother , Sean , and had the same intense blue eyes .
tr	7	I have never heard of that place .
tr	10	We 've got planning to do . "
tr	8	Continuing north he found the M62 east in the direction of Leeds .
tr	8	She leaps toward me , but I tear myself out of her power and jump to the next tree .
tr	7	He always left room in his pack for scrounging , but several essentials had a permanent place there .
tr	7	He did not say anything , just wrapped an arm around her shoulder and stared out at the site before them .
tr	10	I lean over the machine and watch as a needle beneath its faceplate jumps to attention .
tr	7	You really should listen to me more often .
tr	9	You 're my best friend , for crying out loud . "
tr	6	' The hunters know the land well enough , ' one man had told them .
tr	10	" Are you going to be okay , sonny ? "
tr	9	" Child , again I say you must repent this willfulness !
tr	10	I need time to think ... ... . .
tr	10	" I have to go back to the bank , but not just for my sake .
tr	6	" Is everything okay ? "
tr	6	Gema smiled at the military jargon .
tr	8	the voice called from the back of the house .
tr	6	Suddenly , the walls of the beer inn rattled from all corners loudly .
tr	6	His stomach was still decidedly woozy , his head pounded , and his every muscle ached .
tr	9	Sam Stone was shaking his head in disbelieve for the thousandth time .
tr	9	It also seemed to him that his bad arm hadn 't hurt last night .
tr	11	It would have been easy for Tork to confirm my bonded status , so lying further seemed futile .
tr	10	She loved talking to anyone about Shimmer .
tr	7	There wasn 't a lot of work out there for Muhammad .
tr	8	I heard about you and Danny behind the curtain , " Stacy said .
tr	8	" I 've read much of your work . "
tr	8	With the drunken bums many Irish men are , they 've had to be .
tr	6	Sure enough , it only went just past her waist .
tr	9	She snapped her lips closed after this pronouncement .
tr	9	Do not sleep however , we may need to move quickly .
tr	10	It was a perfect incentive to learn to swim .
tr	6	Edwin bundled Bryony into the opening , then dodged a flailing mace before following .
tr	8	He was hiding behind order six three five two .
tr	9	The lady put it down on the table with the lamp and turned to face Simon .
tr	10	Phillip screamed from the water as two more arms were tossed on board .
tr	10	' Guess who 's going to Saint Tropez ? '
tr	7	Karen is with me , but she isn 't helping .
tr	6	Josie was more calm , but also looked around .
tr	8	Me , the great lord of England , making way throw the square agglomeration and ended up in a dead end .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , you 're safe here . "
tr	10	Steve Lyndon teased when he saw his brother enter .
tr	10	' We 're not taking the cat with us , are we ? '
tr	8	Its huge head has three sharp horns as opposed to the two all the other dragons have .
tr	9	His blood raced through his veins as he crept toward the door with the light .
tr	9	Few were allowed to leave the island .
tr	9	He pushed me back , kissed my cheek , and whispered in my ear .
tr	11	I 'm sure the bastard 's already done it in his mind .
tr	7	These types of tests were typical behavior for HS units .
tr	9	" I 'm aware you can 't , Sebastian .
tr	6	Life on a hilltop apparently wears away one 's manners .
tr	7	" Just now on my shared host connection , " said 007 .
tr	5	In an inside angle , between the ranges , was a stair tower .
tr	9	Do I smell gumbo ? "
tr	9	Were they powerful as individuals ? "
tr	8	Trust me to get the arsehole .
tr	6	Out there it 's not the forest , but it might as well be .
tr	6	" Most of those stories are probably at least partially true .
tr	10	A book left open had fallen on the floor , along with other documents underneath .
tr	11	There was something she needed to do .
tr	9	It was either one minute or a very long time later that he woke up again .
tr	5	In this particular battle , 20,000 English soldiers defeated 60,000 French soldiers .
tr	9	" Che , what have you been doing to this woman ?
tr	6	They offer millions ; I say no ; they offer more .
tr	8	We 'd lose men , but killing the imposter would be worth it . "
tr	7	Tim stopped reading and looked at the clock on the wall .
tr	6	Eda sank , a quivering mass of sobs , to the ground .
tr	6	" Don 't worry , " Jazz said out loud , and ducked a punch .
tr	5	Oh , did you see those red clowns ?
tr	11	They looked at each other and realizing there was no way out , reluctantly agreed .
tr	5	" No , it didn 't , " Geisha Rose argued .
tr	7	Dr. Jacob Crawford was killed , terminated , over a year ago .
tr	8	My grandfather 's eyes opened : there was a triumphant look in the blue depths .
tr	10	" It really doesn 't matter where she is anyway , " Joe said .
tr	8	After so long together , they were easy to read .
tr	10	" I 'm afraid that he 's fading quickly .
tr	10	So are you sneaking past security and onto my private channel for another free show ? "
tr	10	And suddenly I 'm so afraid , because I can 't be losing time .
tr	9	With no handle to open it , I called out , " Hello ? "
tr	9	Malcolm stood in the doorway , a coil of rope dangling from his hands .
tr	11	Instinctively I cast a shield , however , in a fragmented state I could not hold it indefinitely .
tr	7	With her own speed , she went from one room to another and looked at the mess .
tr	9	Which is why he was leaving it .
tr	8	The man shined it on his robes before pocketing it .
tr	9	Zoe refused to look at him .
tr	5	" But you and your guards back away right this minute . "
tr	7	The infantry formed about ten lines behind the cavalry , and the archers stood not far behind the infantry .
tr	10	At least I was pretty sure my life wouldn 't end tonight .
tr	7	There really is no end to it .
tr	9	" Just tell us what you think , Nathan , " said Reggie and smiled calmly .
tr	9	" He is simply doing it as a favour to me .
tr	7	You have captured my mind and my heart swiftly .
tr	7	Her smile was instant and she pointed to the bear .
tr	10	Going forward from that day Hailey Lizard began to think of herself as Miss Hailey , brother protector .
tr	6	" Here , " she said , " we unpacked your suitcases .
tr	11	The first time he entered the office she was mesmerised by those striking blue eyes .
tr	9	You were the only one to survive the blast .
tr	7	A quick , sharp look from Jeff silenced the laughter from around the gym .
tr	8	Do you require a change at this time ? "
tr	10	A mahogany Edwardian pedestal writing desk sat beneath the bay window facing the manicured gardens at the rear of the property .
tr	10	That probably had a lot to do with it .
tr	10	He 'd love to hear from you .
tr	8	The room was extremely clean , and it smelled of fresh wax , lavender , and clean sheets .
tr	11	she spat , at last able to unleash long-held fury .
tr	6	Taylor nodded with clenched teeth .
tr	10	Victoria saw him flash past the kitchen , his feet pounding the hardwood floor .
tr	8	You abused this country and its people by your greed and corrupt dealings with those in power .
tr	7	He shrugged into his coat and headed for the door .
tr	10	We 've been getting along pretty good since I last wrote you .
tr	11	" I do believe you would , " she said quietly .
tr	9	The horizon burns as if the sun were consuming the planet .
tr	9	I thought he had killed you .
tr	11	" I don 't want you running away before you hear me out . "
tr	5	" Not exactly , but -- " " But nothing .
tr	7	I have never seen them on any nautical chart . "
tr	7	At the time , Ryan had his company 's main office in the area around Silicon Valley .
tr	10	Its colour signified that its contents were not earth shattering , but it contained information that I was very interested in .
tr	10	It 's the only way ... Who 's he working for these days ? "
tr	6	John spat as his face red face lit up the room .
tr	6	He handed me the prize , but the real prize was he .
tr	11	She did seem to like pretty things .
tr	7	" And you can see the readings from my suit too . "
tr	9	A screen opened showing an isometric drawing of the enemy ship .
tr	8	Night seemed darker , and most of the stars had disappeared beneath the haze .
tr	11	I still don 't get why I would ask her about an important life decision . "
tr	8	She was standing beneath the old light post and her surroundings were dreadfully dark .
tr	7	" Jake 's father used that phrase , ' torment gold ' , " said Frank .
tr	9	" It 's totally understandable , what with how your day started .
tr	6	This is not the case however with the ultra violet rays hitting glass .
tr	8	Only two events could cause that type of behavior .
tr	10	He hesitated , frantically trying to assess his options .
tr	9	She kept going ignoring the topic .
tr	6	Somehow , in the night , the bear doubled back on Night Walker .
tr	8	Biting into it , he chewed thoughtfully , watched by Neil and Miriam .
tr	7	" It is very hard time for him .
tr	10	They obviously had concluded their search and had left one morning without much of a warning .
tr	11	I sleep peacefully with the girl I love beside me .
tr	9	" My parents have a huge farm on the south coast of France .
tr	11	Who 's blood did I need ?
tr	8	Dresden again smiles weakly , " Doctor Hartman and Doctor Everett ... we were a team . "
tr	8	" Why don 't you put this in the truck . "
tr	9	Add in a whole bunch of other investors and he had a cash reserve in the millions .
tr	9	Both men now could hear the footsteps and the breathing of the other .
tr	7	Next thing we know , you 're practically murdering the boy .
tr	7	Robert raised an eyebrow at him with a clear message and the boy glared back .
tr	6	Reid and Victor became distant frozen figures on the rooftop .
tr	9	But enough of that you wanted a song ! "
tr	9	The Comet bounced for a second then settled back to earth .
tr	6	" I 'm sorry , " he said feebly .
tr	7	Back where we started " " But it buys us some time . "
tr	6	The next morning , well before dawn , we got up and readied our weapons .
tr	10	" Yeah , um , sorry about the other night and you almost getting killed .
tr	10	This brief confrontation was followed by a tense silence ; a battle of wills .
tr	9	This is Liza Barnett , " she had said upon answering her mobile phone .
tr	8	What was she to do ?
tr	7	Lay her burdens down before the end .
tr	11	Trying to absorb all the new experiences was like trying to memorise the phone book .
tr	6	Chapter Three The downpour continued into the next day .
tr	6	Regardless of this intimate position , with no apparent amorous intentions , he closed his eyes .
tr	7	" Sorry , Jess , but I must have food poisoning .
tr	7	" Do you and Seamus get out ? "
tr	5	" How are you feeling ? "
tr	7	Warrior 's pupils roll back into her head and she crumbles to the sand .
tr	5	" Thanks , everyone , " Dad concluded .
tr	10	This dream was by far my favorite because it was short , sweet and to the point .
tr	9	A wolf does not appear in the middle of the village , in the middle of a crowded celebration .
tr	5	" No , well , yeah , okay , maybe , " Cassie said .
tr	7	" Thane didn 't fund Dr. Cook alone .
tr	9	I wish we could tell Echo .
tr	9	Later the images again began to flash from all sides .
tr	8	I have work to do .
tr	9	That 's where all the others have gotten off . "
tr	8	It wasn 't ill spirited and the innocent curiosity lead to many interesting discussions and pleasurable chitchat .
tr	7	Scott pulled on the thick leather logging gloves and tightened the wrist straps .
tr	10	Some friend he 'd turned out to be , leaving him to the mercy of his own thoughts .
tr	9	Jimmy felt awkward , standing around with nothing to do .
tr	6	In fact , Shelly actually had been a nurse not so long ago .
tr	10	When they heard a low throaty growl the pair looked over to see the bear standing less than twelve feet away .
tr	9	At me for giving up .
tr	11	" Rafe has always been adept at living out of doors . "
tr	8	Rubbing his temples , Alejo rolled back onto the couch , slowly , staring up at the ceiling .
tr	5	" Daniel Brighten , the ghost , is my real father . "
tr	9	" It looks that way , " the sergeant frowned and then strode over in front of the group .
tr	8	Once I was in Wal-Mart I could smell where you were . "
tr	9	He looked her in the eye and then dared to take her hand gently .
tr	10	He flinched beneath each strike that hit him .
tr	5	" He won 't , " Tavi said , pitiless and precise .
tr	8	This sicko liked to hang around his own crime scenes .
tr	8	They could be , and sometimes were , killed in combat .
tr	7	They had almost no contact with the outside world .
tr	6	" Sorry , dad , " he replied , with a meek shrug .
tr	6	The five of them gather around the holographic table , evenly dispersed .
tr	9	As far as Kate and the kids are concerned we cannot leave a stone unturned and time is marching on . "
tr	9	" I 'm sorry but you 'd better come with me , " he said weakly .
tr	7	Nirvana shut the visor and turned back toward the door .
tr	7	* * * By the time the stranger prepares the second shot , my body is on fire .
tr	7	The park was divided into four sections .
tr	8	" And that would mean catching her . "
tr	9	Ted lay on his back and stared at the wide expanse of stars overhead .
tr	8	The children grew up to be kind , clever and generous .
tr	10	Her hands were confident as she moved for a grip immediately behind the jaws and released the loop .
tr	7	Again she was filled with outrage .
tr	10	I was about to question him , but he pointed ahead .
tr	7	He sliced open a few more ... ... . "
tr	11	I 'll give you something else to think about , see the swing set behind those trees ?
tr	10	" Don 't let him talk to you like that , uncle ! "
tr	7	The Bastian driver spun the wheel of the car sharply to the left .
tr	8	' Well , we won 't get anywhere just sitting here .
tr	9	Sarah sat on the bed , her knees no longer able to support her .
tr	9	Did I see who ? "
tr	9	The pants went nearly up to his chest and were held up by old fashioned braces .
tr	5	A large eagle lands on his arm from the sky .
tr	9	Audiences wanted to work with actors .
tr	10	When you feel shame or guilt , or anything at all , burn it in anger .
tr	6	don 't really know , Kay , " he stuttered .
tr	9	It would be rude if he shook his head .
tr	10	Pete just stood there , slack-jawed , not sure what to do next .
tr	11	Alejo was staring off to one side , watching the road through gaps between the rough boards .
tr	9	' Oh boy , ' Reid muttered behind me as we climbed inside the plane .
tr	8	' That makes me feel so -- useless ! '
tr	10	Alejo started , and realized they were near the current battle zone .
tr	6	More people possibly unrelated to Salazar .
tr	5	' Yes , I knew , ' said the wizard . '
tr	7	' It 's irony , definitely irony , ' Reid muttered at my side .
tr	8	She saw an army of the red ants ; Warrior Ants four times larger than the industrious black ants .
tr	9	He cinched up Blackie and asked , " Okay , who 's first ? "
tr	10	Joshua was in love with the rifles and wanted to fire one , but the ammo was too scarce .
tr	8	Silence wrapped around them : not the absence of noise , but the absence of humanity 's intrusion .
tr	9	I crossed a foyer at the bottom of the stairs and paused .
tr	10	Joshua moved off and Nathan scanned the area mentally making an inventory of the room .
tr	6	" Not really , " Tristan scoffed , " small town bus stop . "
tr	7	They carefully carried Jimmy down the steps and into the water .
tr	8	They had managed the first leg of their journey according to plan .
tr	8	" If we can warn them first , they can run . "
tr	9	" I need to make a few calls , " Jack said , moving toward his unsecured phone .
tr	8	Whether the sleeping gas worked or not it didn 't matter .
tr	7	After so long with hardly any change whatsoever , the impact of that sudden transformation had been powerful and profound .
tr	11	She knows she 's going to die .
tr	5	* * * " Yo Stile , it 's lunchtime . "
tr	7	" Yes and old friend from London ... ... .
tr	8	Some of the young parents had brought their toddlers to gawk .
tr	6	With the Northern Lights last night , every circuit board will be gone .
tr	10	The guys are waiting for us at Magic Mountain for your bachelor 's party .
tr	8	' Could I at least have something to eat ? '
tr	8	" It is , " replied George , " would I dare pour you anything else ? "
tr	9	Resuming his march toward the church , he hears the guard land in the moat behind him with a loud splash .
tr	7	Nevertheless , the upper arm looked much better , and he was sleeping soundly .
tr	9	" ' Cause we 're all that , " Daniel said .
tr	5	Visions of an island vacation in a Renaissance villa swam in her mind .
tr	8	He 'd been on her once before for a wedding and been very impressed .
tr	9	Who you gon na sell this big something too ? "
tr	6	Just then her mother stepped hard on the brakes .
tr	6	She is so funny , cracks me up every time . "
tr	7	Lustrous black hair cascaded to her shoulders , and she wore a brightly-colored sari .
tr	10	' Yes but I didn 't dare think of leaving .
tr	9	" I think we 'll be okay .
tr	7	I pull out my journal and write jostled apology letters to my parents .
tr	11	' No more attacks that I can see from the window , ' Calvin said .
tr	6	He emotes a bad ass vibe with middling success .
tr	9	I longed to hold a latte , feel the warmth on my hands , a simple distraction .
tr	10	Yeah , Allan had a unique way of yanking me out of my comfort zone .
tr	7	Anthony Hager 's sigh of relief was heard and felt throughout the mighty plant .
tr	10	" I don 't know what you 're talking about , I 've never heard of her . "
tr	7	Let 's eat and enjoy it now though , while it lasts .
tr	11	She wanted to be pretty like the Georgia girls and have boys flirt with her .
tr	10	The sisters would go to see each other with enviable regularity .
tr	11	The braves combed the remains of the village for anything of value .
tr	10	" She probably already left , and we 're making fools of ourselves , waltzing around like this . "
tr	10	" But there is something I must do first . "
tr	5	' After all , we are family . '
tr	7	I turned around and bumped into a soft , almost lambskin covered coat .
tr	7	Go ahead and tell us some , Toby . "
tr	8	Poor Ryan who loved a monster girl .
tr	10	He blinked hard and tried to push it away with a brief chuckle .
tr	11	We need to get out of here before these other two wake up . "
tr	10	Trees had started to appear again , but the fog was still as thick as ever .
tr	9	I closed my eyes and focused on calming down .
tr	7	Guilt and anxiety , thick and noxious as poisonous fumes , was crowding into my head from every angle .
tr	11	Do you want to come ? "
tr	10	His eyes popped wide before he clamped them shut .
tr	10	But I enjoyed it as I hope you did . '
tr	11	She looked toward Harry who was cringing , and let up .
tr	7	All the same ... ... looks like two calibers ... ... about 5000 rounds in total I 'd estimate . "
tr	5	Holy fuck , there I was , sitting in a tree house , drinking beer with a killer .
tr	11	" Do I really have to explain it ? "
tr	6	Those artic eyes peer at me through the rearview mirror again .
tr	6	He recovered quickly and cleared his throat .
tr	8	It 's hard to explain .
tr	10	' I hate being called Gregory , please its Greg .
tr	10	They sat in silence , watching two armed guards in the helicopter with them , as the helicopter lifted off .
tr	8	" So I 'll just ask this , " she starts , touching a hand to his cheek .
tr	8	" Tell me again which one is which ? "
tr	10	" Did you see that baby run ?
tr	6	' Put that infernal machine down now , ' he ordered his men .
tr	9	Besides , I don 't want to push her .
tr	10	His killings were always brutal and caused a lot of pain to his victims " .
tr	8	With each step forward the light continued to grow and a murmur of voices reverberated off the tunnel walls .
tr	10	Through the haze , he could make out movement , more shadows flickering in dusty windows .
tr	8	Gan knew he should lose .
tr	9	For the briefest of moments , her brow twitches before returning to normal .
tr	8	Priestess , I 've shared my secrets openly , put myself in grave danger .
tr	6	Lying facedown on a raised stone platform was the plump brown general , naked and covered in suds .
tr	6	" Cavemen were stupid , Dad , " Alex chimed in next .
tr	10	I wished I could see into his head again .
tr	7	Although we passed many riders , none were in a pair .
tr	9	" They were blonde-haired like their father and unlike Harald , and I am a worrier .
tr	5	" You have a plan , Captain ? "
tr	10	Aimee helped me to my feet and guided me over to the rest of the staff .
tr	6	" Witness statement describes our dead homeless guy as ' ice cold . '
tr	7	" I was nice and happy back at UBC enjoying the winter rains .
tr	10	" You will need to clear this road by morning .
tr	11	She asks after a moment , reflecting on the question herself as she waits for his answer .
tr	11	After those disappointments , there was a debate about the wisdom of moving the European body .
tr	10	Ted could hear Joe 's breathing was much more ragged and he was falling back .
tr	6	" And a master of other things , perhaps ? "
tr	8	Connor ate until he was full .
tr	9	What if she only accepted that sort of comfort from Rand ?
tr	6	" No , I 'm not okay , I 'm anything but okay .
tr	5	" Oh no , " groaned Scarborough , " Go Kingston !
tr	9	I was on the answering side of an interrogation once and it went something like this .
tr	9	The next day they placed Harald 's body in a coffin and began an all-day procession to the Church of Vana .
tr	11	I was alive before I met him , wasn 't I ?
tr	9	She won 't stop until everything is dead . "
tr	9	The traitor may not have been what she seemed .
tr	11	I told the guys I 'd be right back , Ishmael . "
tr	7	" Tell Neil , " Mana said to Miriam , and she left the room .
tr	9	I shook it off , stepped back , and grabbed my bag filled with spy gadgets .
tr	7	It almost made him smile .
tr	8	What had gotten into her ?
tr	7	Friedrich waved briefly from a nearby tower and disappeared in the gloom .
tr	7	Reference Ben 's notes on the subject for the past week . "
tr	9	He roams the streets of his small town like a living god .
tr	7	The brute didn 't strike me as an orator .
tr	11	If she thinks she is the more powerful , it will be that much easier .
tr	9	Even Danny laughed saying , ' Katherine you 're very welcome . '
tr	7	You 're riding western not English . "
tr	11	It is the outline in the dirt we saw earlier .
tr	8	That 's what does the damage . "
tr	10	The older lady turned her head to look towards Diamond Head .
tr	6	" On the other hand ... the circumstances at the time left me no option . "
tr	9	Eager to help her forget .
tr	10	" I sure am glad to get out of there .
tr	8	I can shoot well enough , but I haven 't fenced in years .
tr	7	He scrambled inside the open cabin and reached for the door .
tr	8	The line on Kim 's face deepened and Claire 's earlier suspicions returned .
tr	8	Ethan felt the enormity of the moment upon him and something akin to a physical rush .
tr	7	A wall of hot air greeted him as he entered .
tr	10	His thoughts were interrupted by the booming of a shotgun farther down the pier .
tr	11	We sat down on chairs so old Adam and Eve probably whittled them themselves .
tr	5	In the control room the bass suddenly sounded wide but nasty .
tr	9	You don 't want to do that .
tr	10	When the package hit the floor , Professor W was certain he could hear glass breaking .
tr	11	Julian knew everything there was to know .
tr	6	Rupert motioned them towards the brown leather couches .
tr	6	" You know , you 're right , it is a good word .
tr	6	This time the smile was real and it lit up her whole face .
tr	5	The boom boom boom of the bass , the video-game soundtrack , the snarling .
tr	6	He looked at Taylor with hopeful anticipation .
tr	5	Hell , you have me now .
tr	10	" So what do you suggest we do ? "
tr	9	Joshua gathered everyone together and sought counsel , the decision was pretty evenly split with logical reasons on each side .
tr	7	No , he heard a noise behind him , though not a distinct one .
tr	10	What the hell was my mom getting paid to do ?
tr	5	, " ' Lo growls .
tr	7	" Not at all , General , it is an honor and a privilege . "
tr	10	" I think I can stay up a while myself .
tr	9	Emerald flames burned behind the Baron 's eyes as he peered straight through Thatch and Cobble .
tr	11	Still we held each other as if we had been separated for a year .
tr	10	" Who was that you were talking to ? "
tr	9	All men who made no money from the tourist trade .
tr	11	The building that Matthew found himself ushered into was unmistakably a brewery .
tr	9	Let 's change the course of this discussion a bit , " Melody said .
tr	10	I know you have to work .
tr	9	She began to sob on my chest .
tr	6	A tear slowly trailed down one soft cheek , and with a silent curse , Damen wiped it away .
tr	8	' Come on , let 's get out of here .
tr	11	I asked my son to bear what I had not .
tr	9	Pushing off the rock , Cade created a span of cool , unruffled water between them .
tr	11	What wasn 't to like about Derek ?
tr	10	He figured that what she didn 't know wouldn 't hurt her .
tr	6	He keeps his eyes on the road .
tr	9	He turned to leave again and Claire called out to him to wait .
tr	8	It 's the law of the sea , my boy .
tr	9	he exclaimed as I hurled Alita in the air at him .
tr	11	He shot me a dirty look which morphed into a grin .
tr	10	She gave him a look that said hold on , and turned away .
tr	8	A delicate , smooth shoulder shone from her ripped dress , and there was animal terror in her gaze .
tr	7	Nathan was getting a little annoyed .
tr	6	Edie May and Taylor both erupted in relieved laughter .
tr	10	Said he had at least earned the right to be heard .
tr	10	Paulo lowered himself onto the floor next to her and held out one hand , palm up .
tr	10	Bullets riddled the air and ricocheted against the walls when we charged into the corridor .
tr	7	Brand grabbed his sword and rushed out of his bedroom .
tr	10	It is not pleasant to be always troubled . "
tr	8	A shrill , panicked scream resounded through the air : a woman 's scream .
tr	11	' As ready as we 'll ever be , I guess , ' he murmured .
tr	7	The minutes unfolded slowly while we waited .
tr	7	A world without the lust and hatred you and your people have produced .
tr	11	" Let 's see you snake your way out of this one !
tr	7	The elderly lady in Building 555 saved me , " he extends his hands in affection and love to his wife .
tr	6	The wallet contained twenty-seven dollars , a student ID , a health insurance card , and an ATM card .
tr	7	General Anderson nodded and pulled up a chair beside his bed and sat down .
tr	7	" I laugh at her all the time , " Simon burst out .
tr	7	The cat rose on its legs and watched me warily .
tr	5	" A little cornbread and honey , have some ? "
tr	8	Aria stares at the ensign as her right eye twitches , slightly .
tr	5	All are warm , honest and hardworking .
tr	8	We stood there like an animals about to be hunted .
tr	9	-- are at stake . "
tr	10	The kids all joked that he was alive when history started .
tr	9	It will end when I 'm dead . "
tr	9	Connor quickly jerked to look at Maria .
tr	10	I turned with the faintest misgiving and let the current carry me north .
tr	5	Ten minutes later , the Post Office received its first delivery .
tr	8	Having a terrible sense of direction , I was thankful for Logan 's presence .
tr	5	At last , a man raised his head .
tr	6	" Now , you know the answer to that question .
tr	9	Moving to an ideal spot in the clearing , Link stares at the ocarina for a nostalgic moment .
tr	7	" Hello , " a stern woman greets , her ghostly figure resembling the one before .
tr	6	John 's first shot went straight to the head .
tr	7	Logan 's father had said as much .
tr	8	" Like this silly little book , " Cobble mentioned while holding a small plain book .
tr	6	" When do we find Grand ? "
tr	6	" At first I could only move little things .
tr	8	This had evidently fixed itself on to your alien energy fields .
tr	5	" Maddox , " she repeated , scared , awed ... happy ?
tr	10	" Something really meaningful , " he said seriously , " such as letting me take you in to dinner . "
tr	8	But even if she can create and destroy worlds , she also has Landon .
tr	7	" How didn 't I think of this sooner , " he said and started reading .
tr	10	" I 've caused a lot of problems for you ? "
tr	6	She made a fist , and at the signal , the Shades again were still .
tr	7	Sidney looked down at the bones then smiled and nodded .
tr	10	The only useful thing men do is pay for my drinks .
tr	9	He started to read the letter but fell asleep , face down on the desk .
tr	9	Beau sat quietly for a moment , " Sir , I appreciate you taking time to talk .
tr	9	Viv said he was her boyfriend Harry , I never heard his last name . "
tr	11	Chances are pretty good I 'll be joining him soon .
tr	6	That same moment , Chris felt two bumps from behind .
tr	8	After Derrick wraps it , I put my arm back in the sling and it feels 10 times better .
tr	7	' Well , I , you know , I ... ' ' No , I don 't know , Jill ! '
tr	6	Contact DHS for more information . "
tr	8	She hugged him , anxious because of his seriousness , and he drew her closer in his embrace .
tr	10	Marcos was Portuguese and he had been a member of their national aerobatic team before he joined me .
tr	9	Finan would accept such concern from her , as Adele well knew , but from Rafe it would be unpalatable .
tr	8	He had signed them as his last official duty before resigning .
tr	7	" We need to run !
tr	8	I heard Atticus 's laugh in the hall .
tr	8	" Yep ... mother had some really good pics of the guy ... that 's him for sure . "
tr	7	Table of Contents Title page Copyright Acknowledgments Characters Prologue Friday Saturday Sunday morning Sunday afternoon Epilogue About the author Visit me !
tr	10	But no matter how hard I 'd scrubbed , I couldn 't wash away the memory of what happened .
tr	6	" Thanks ... " " Do mountain lions even live in the redwoods ? "
tr	6	" The safest border , until something or someone comes at us by sea . "
tr	10	You can also talk to each other -- it took a while to figure it out .
tr	7	Being kidnapped once more was not on the agenda .
tr	5	" Look , Jensen , " I told him , almost apologetically .
tr	10	It was precariously balanced on a piece of dislodged rock , and Conway 's blows toppled it .
tr	11	That 's all you have to say ?
tr	7	With all my strength , I slammed my shoulder into the fog and was immediately repulsed back hard .
tr	7	" Since I 'm already pretty sure they 're something supernatural , can 't you tell me what they are ? "
tr	9	And by the way , you 're teeth look really good .
tr	8	She drove her knee up into Cletus ' groin as hard as she could .
tr	9	he yelled , beating one hand on the door .
tr	6	" Dude , we totally overslept , " Sykes replies with a laugh .
tr	7	A bullet whizzed past my head and slammed into the dirt by my hand .
tr	11	He touched her back and almost pulled her slightly closer to him .
tr	7	" I need it , Walter , " said Nathan .
tr	11	" I don 't think I have a lot of options .
tr	9	She took another sip and let the alcohol do its work .
tr	10	Frank stood and walked over to the window , Herman showing obvious disapproval of his exposure .
tr	11	" You can kill me anytime you want , why are you toying with me ? "
tr	5	His arm a comforting weight around my waist , I led the way inside .
tr	5	For twenty-four hours , the place became a no-go zone .
tr	7	Nathan slowed to a walk and approached his son cautiously .
tr	9	Do you want me ? "
tr	8	Sarah , go behind the computers , Stacy and Daniel , go outside and do your thing .
tr	9	She smiled , and started to chuckle , but that just caused another wave of pain .
tr	8	" But it 's just a song -- it isn 't a prophecy .
tr	9	Gordo 's has no connection to the current situation , at least not that I can determine .
tr	6	Once a week , during the first two months , the whole family will give the dog a bath .
tr	8	I won 't let them take you too . "
tr	11	" Then you have to stop them from getting there . "
tr	7	He didn 't speak for a long while .
tr	9	' I 'm so glad we had this time together .
tr	6	" Well , you always show up so suddenly , " replied Benson tersely .
tr	11	You deserve it after all that has gone on .
tr	6	The sheer white curtains fluffed in and out in rhythm with the breeze .
tr	6	Seguin responded , " Si , colonel , I am at your service ! "
tr	9	There was a very large web that went very badly wrong here . "
tr	6	Chris picked it up and threw it again .
tr	6	" So once people join the commune , can they maintain relationships with their former friends and family ? "
tr	6	" You know , Greek for ' rock ' . "
tr	10	David stepped back and crossed his arms angry , " Whatever .
tr	7	His whole body looked like your lower legs , and his sitting in the right place saved your life .
tr	10	George had sounded concerned , both Harry and Peter being murdered and the police seemed to be getting nowhere .
tr	10	A series of huge , smooth stones made a steep staircase that led down to the sand below .
tr	9	It was nice there , wasn 't it ?
tr	8	" I asked if you 're bleeding . "
tr	10	Fraser was not content to wait in silence .
tr	7	Without looking back , a flustered and confused Sally Ramsay gave a cryptic little wave and walked away .
tr	9	It growls defiantly as it brings up its insanely big guns and takes aim .
tr	8	Come next weekend and all the way through September , the Rump would be mobbed .
tr	8	He reexamined the question and answer and saw no fault in the logic , but ... .
tr	11	Now he was filled with a cold , heavy emotion he recognised only too well .
tr	9	They 're might be waiting for us . "
tr	5	And Mr Pump , Postmaster General , does not stop . '
tr	6	The jaws of several children immediately drop open at the prospect .
tr	9	The drawers of the desk didn 't reveal anything either , containing nothing but writing supplies .
tr	11	He watched how she suffered and how many stops she made .
tr	10	" Is that what I think it is ? "
tr	5	" Fire Control , all batteries cease fire . "
tr	7	Sally swiveled her desk chair away from him , removed her eyeglasses , and stared out the window .
tr	9	" I should blame it all on you and let the torturers have you !
tr	11	" So , if you were in our shoes , what would you recommend ? "
tr	7	" I hate to ask .
tr	7	Agent Cooper gulped in fear and raised his left hand up to his mouth .
tr	5	In any case , the guards ' apoplexy was far more intriguing .
tr	10	An idea had been taking shape in my mind for the last two days .
tr	9	She waited , muscles tensed , ready to jump .
tr	8	While they were taking their numbers , my thought flew at a big bottle of whiskey .
tr	7	Then , with the skill of a monkey , he would swing from branch to branch , limb to limb .
tr	10	My issue is there was a big hole in his plan . "
tr	10	John exclaimed and moved to the side of the slide opposite of the horn .
tr	5	W. O. E. B. E. G. O. N. E. Nine across .
tr	6	In it smote and vanished , barb , shaft and feather , so fierce was its flight .
tr	7	From the shadow of the entrance stepped a young buff boy Lizard .
tr	9	I guess I 'd better go cook something . "
tr	10	Let it start to dry .
tr	11	It was then I realized it was time to leave .
tr	11	Before he could say a word Rafe interrupted him with an impatient toss of his head .
tr	11	Suddenly shots broke the silence and we saw the captain looking frantically around and shooting blindly into the thick bushes .
tr	7	Instantly , his men responded and lit the fuses to their cannons .
tr	10	" Then I 'll decide when to shoot and who to shoot . "
tr	9	She hoped she could prevent that .
tr	6	The chairs line along each wall , going around the corner from my poor spying .
tr	9	Use magic to create light .
tr	6	A young woman left the fortune teller 's shop with a worried look on her face .
tr	9	Eddie went white and seemed to shrink even further .
tr	9	She had seen Daniel run up the embankment and knew which plant he hid beneath .
tr	10	You 're not going to plaster it , are you ? "
tr	9	" I wasn 't able to attack him . "
tr	6	Oh yeah , Jason , Max , werewolves , vampires ... I remembered now .
tr	8	The Comet was being pelted by hail stones .
tr	7	" Goodbye , Mr. Johnson , thanks again for your time ! "
tr	9	" You said Werewolves don 't feel fear , right ? "
tr	7	Barney has big plans for it , all well laid out .
tr	7	" Would Industrial Products even know about you , Steve , or Melissa ? "
tr	8	He often retraced our steps , and we ended up back where we started .
tr	11	When she refused his offer to wash up he remained on deck admiring the setting sun .
tr	9	' You need to get a gun , ' said my partner .
tr	7	Byron wasn 't a stupid man , and he sensed the emotion behind those careful words .
tr	7	" The Wolf of Satan , Lucifer , begot all three of them . "
tr	10	I tried to act as sincere as I could .
tr	7	She broke into a broad grin , her teeth yellowed and brown , and she clapped her hands in delight .
tr	7	" Madame Secretary , we have a bomb threat against the building .
tr	9	Steve found himself mesmerised by the waitress .
tr	5	" We 're just slightly weirder than most .
tr	10	They were on their way back to the yacht in a matter of minutes .
tr	8	A narrow walkway circled the top of the Eiffel , and the city of Paris was spread out before me .
tr	8	He slowly let me go , and I had trouble finding my breath .
tr	7	The girl 's hand moves faster , her quill gouging the pages of the book .
tr	7	In the process we were attacked by savages .
tr	10	Look at you trying to walk ! "
tr	8	How old do you think I am ? "
tr	9	She was thrown to the floor as another nuke struck above .
tr	6	You and David should do the interview .
tr	5	' No , of course not , sweetie , ' he replied quickly .
tr	9	Why do I keep comparing things to Dorset ?
tr	10	Andy stood back and leaned against the fence to look at his work .
tr	10	They had all jointly owned the property and lived in peaceful co-existence until Jack and Shelly had a tiff .
tr	8	' Pay till the end of the agreement , ' Calvin said without missing a beat .
tr	6	" Are you hungry ? "
tr	11	Checking to see if he was sincere .
tr	7	" He was in a struggle -- against a group I would guess .
tr	5	For an entire minute no one spoke .
tr	11	He stood , his legs weak but still containing enough strength to lift him to his feet .
tr	8	" A high profile executive has been taken for ransom .
tr	6	He studied the small , pudgy Major Pan , his little hands , his appeasing voice , his benevolent smile .
tr	8	He paid for the trip , including a chauffeured limo to the hotel . "
tr	7	No , clearly even those two couldn 't screw things up at this point .
tr	9	A voice -- childish yet cold as a snake 's eyes -- said , " Neither will you . "
tr	8	Finan is unconscious and a little feverish , he sleeps still . "
tr	5	That last sentence was muttered .
tr	8	So they began to beat him instead .
tr	8	" Close , but you 're trying too hard , " Sheik reveals , gesturing with her hands .
tr	6	" Lots of retirees come out here .
tr	7	" With apologies , Doctor , this one has worked wicked magics and must be punished .
tr	6	The upper floors of the main building , above the great hall , housed the classrooms and the library .
tr	5	Every living being and every place has its own energy .
tr	7	" Hmm ... Interesting theory , Maybe we should conduct a clinical trial ? "
tr	10	He had managed to get through to her .
tr	7	The darkness in my heart grew by the day ; by the hour it felt at times .
tr	7	" Yes , I rather thought I would .
tr	9	As the tunnels twisted and turned , I realized there were no forks or turns .
tr	11	I wanted to know if Kaya was okay .
tr	8	He hoped the question wouldn 't offend .
tr	6	" We 'll cover cleanup later . "
tr	9	Who would be named victorious ?
tr	7	He had kidnapped the man 's daughter right under his nose .
tr	10	She wore a light-blue silk gown which complemented her complexion to perfection .
tr	5	" Yes , he so much as told me so . "
tr	6	Will there be anything else sir ? "
tr	6	Use the paddles , " yelled Dr. Mitchell , " It 's our only hope . "
tr	11	Sarah said to Michel that she is going to wash .
tr	9	He 'd almost entered the woods when I redoubled my pace .
tr	11	Do you wish to attend ? "
tr	7	He prodded one with a forefinger , yelled , and jumped back .
tr	10	" What are you going to do about Branden ? "
tr	11	Thank you so much for inviting us into your settlement .
tr	9	called out the agent recording the battle in Malaysia .
tr	10	They weren 't in charge of their own schedule at the moment .
tr	8	" I thought you were gone .
tr	11	The murdered king 's only crime had been to respect the people 's will and forgo absolutism for enlightenment .
tr	6	Mana put down her cup and saucer on the table .
tr	8	" But there 's two bodies in your pickup bed and a detective on the way . "
tr	10	" This needs to be done at the tournament . "
tr	8	They played through lunch and into evening whilst Austin twirled knobs on the amps and equipment .
tr	8	As soon as he said that , he pulled back .
tr	10	My brother was smiling then like he had won something .
tr	10	Lord Collin , you are required to perform your last act as chief advisor to the king .
tr	9	" Oh , I think I have some idea , " Ted replied .
tr	8	the Prince managed to get out .
tr	8	" Warrior , you are leaking energy from inertia suppression , " the doctor warns desperately .
tr	11	Kaylie said he looked familiar earlier , but he 's got to be like eighty or something now .
tr	11	Anything else you 'd like to discuss ?
tr	7	Summer isn 't leaving New York without a fight .
tr	10	I struggled to collect my thoughts , so I could concentrate the energy I needed .
tr	8	" Do not fear for me , sweetheart , all will be well . "
tr	9	This is going to be my new spot .
tr	6	" Babe ... " The frown on display above his Armani sunglasses betrayed his concern .
tr	8	The fact Hailey was gone was not the problem .
tr	7	Across the water , a second man had taken up the chorus from the first .
tr	8	Best of luck to yas . '
tr	9	What has that got ... ? "
tr	9	We are going to take back the castle . "
tr	8	" Wes , do you see that ? "
tr	6	Strike up the power , bring on the fire until the tower whirls higher and higher .
tr	8	I 've got some goat milk in the house . "
tr	5	" How you feeling ? "
tr	9	" You do things to me that I have never experienced , " she finally said , leaning back .
tr	6	Scott looked at the girl with a smile .
tr	11	" It 's not stupid if it saves my life , thank you very much . "
tr	11	He is a good man who seeks the truth of this affliction .
tr	7	At nine a.m. on the dot , I creaked open the door to the warehouse .
tr	9	Her inward smile and the time and space transcending depth of her peaceful eyes gave him the courage to go on .
tr	8	She was looking at him and gave him a wave .
tr	7	The child reached for her hand and put the ring on her dainty finger .
tr	5	Then the closing door shut off the view .
tr	8	" They wouldn 't talk to him for months , " Simon went on .
tr	7	Here , Meatball , cop this , ' he said , holding up a mouldy leather jacket .
tr	11	If the weather is nice we 'll be able to go to the beach . "
tr	6	In all the games he joined in on , it tied his characters together .
tr	10	Last time I was home he was off playing golf all the time .
tr	10	We believe we know where this place is .
tr	8	I have your youngest son , Pedro , in my custody at the Isle of Saint Marie .
tr	9	Remembering Rupert 's instructions , I slipped past the center table and down a flight of stairs along one wall .
tr	7	The room was quiet for a moment .
tr	7	" I have no chosen path , no way forward ... it 's terrifying . "
tr	8	Upstairs , a woman cries beneath the spray of a shower .
tr	8	He paused for a moment , thinking , ... ... .
tr	11	" How come you can fit so much in that little bag ? "
tr	6	I bought a dress though , just in case .
tr	10	Donovan turned to him and the effort it took to smile seemed to weigh him down .
tr	7	The rocks nearest to the water were a darker shade and were intensely slippery .
tr	7	After a short while his eyes brightened and a small satisfied smile played around his lips .
tr	11	Who knew what freedom a clapped out car could bring ?
tr	5	But after yesterday it was true .
tr	5	Mark , then Josie , stood up slowly .
tr	11	They are anxious to show you their progress , " Gwendolyn reports .
tr	11	She whispers in Jason 's ear , " It was very special for me sir . "
tr	7	" I remember you both very well , " she said .
tr	7	Hands in my pockets , I turned away from the river Witham and walked over to a dockside greasy spoon diner .
tr	9	They whined and complained about being tired , but did as they were told .
tr	5	A look of wonder in her eyes at the simple miracle of a beating heart .
tr	9	You might not have given me a second look , but I 'd damn sure given you the twice over .
tr	11	She would ramble on about a simple time travel experiment she had self designed .
tr	10	His fake face looked like it was made out of an animal skull .
tr	10	Furniture had been pushed together to form a banqueting table .
tr	5	" Yes it is , " Simon says .
tr	10	Who knew burglars could be hot ?
tr	5	For all intents and purposes , goblins have no conscience .
tr	6	Logo , map , and book design by J. A. Johnson , Jr. .
tr	7	It was blue , but roughly the same size and shape .
tr	9	Do you have zum ? "
tr	9	Reid cursed and leaned down to pick them .
tr	11	" By the way , just what have you been doing here for a year by yourself ?
tr	7	He picked it up gingerly and stared at a small chip in the frame .
tr	8	Together they rode along for a stretch of time , not saying anything .
tr	7	" Open the stomach and pull out the insides , " the big man said .
tr	11	We were in the beginning stages of working on some coded hand signals .
tr	10	A black thought came into my mind , thrilling me , fearing that someway was too late .
tr	11	How much more must Eda be feeling when she was leaving her heart behind ?
tr	7	As they neared the boat wreck , Mark finally broke the silence .
tr	11	Looking back at sweet memories like that always made me feel better .
tr	7	What if they exterminated me right then ?
tr	9	Finding accommodation with such short notice is almost impossible " Kiara lied again .
tr	10	It 's just some are better at it than others .
tr	8	" There 's always one of them to spoil the fun . "
tr	10	Brendan was operating with his own agenda in mind and David 's life or wellbeing likely played no role in it .
tr	9	As we passed the door of the apartment on our right , it opened quietly on well-oiled hinges .
tr	8	" Haven 't you ever wanted to create a better world ? "
tr	8	But when Napoleon came back from Elba , the Faith started their antics again .
tr	7	You did well , I 'm proud of you . "
tr	7	asked Ryan enjoying his cake .
tr	9	" I see you 've got the Riley .
tr	11	There are plenty of ships in the harbor , but none that will take us . "
tr	10	" I still can 't believe you 're here , " he mutters .
tr	6	The elevator was a bloody mess - literally .
tr	9	Just show me what you 've got . "
tr	8	That was six days more than he needed .
tr	10	For Ryder to seduce her .
tr	11	He was still entranced by her beauty as she readied herself to go .
tr	9	' I need to test this sample , ' said Anna .
tr	5	Within a heartbeat , her body numbed and the pain faded .
tr	6	Finally , red-faced and sweating hard , he slumped to his chair .
tr	7	My mother never stole anything in her life but some of the silver was missing .
tr	10	Do you agree to that ? "
tr	5	Where the shite was that bloody Brendan ?
tr	8	She waited for him as he moved forward again .
tr	8	, Neil tore open the back door , marched through the kitchen and ran into Riki .
tr	6	If it was my calling ... " " No , not your calling , GOD 's calling . "
tr	5	" You mean , you never even made yourself a sandwich ? "
tr	9	I could easily envision her as a drill sergeant in the military .
tr	10	Many a tear had been shed in dire desperation and many laughs had been celebrated with good friends and sworn enemies .
tr	9	Nelly carefully measured a square of greased paper against a pan and cut it to fit the bottom .
tr	10	When he got back to the thicket of trees Maria was waiting for him .
tr	5	The present , a leather physicians bag , itself an antique , was partially open .
tr	11	said Raymond about what Theo had told him .
tr	10	Johnnie wished he had a rifle with him .
tr	6	" Sorry it took so long , the queue was a nightmare . "
tr	8	On the settee , unseen by his parents , Simon rolled his eyes and held his nose .
tr	7	She turned and reached for the flashlight and Kevin easily jumped up and into the narrow passageway .
tr	8	It 's all gone -- the painting , the Louvre , and all .
tr	11	He struggled to pull free of Carter 's grip .
tr	8	Wolverine has his claws plunged through a Happy Meal Shrek figurine .
tr	11	The sound of a girl laughing grew louder with every step they took into the underbrush .
tr	7	He rushed forward and called out , the noise be damned !
tr	5	" But - " " No , Violet , " he stated decisively .
tr	8	They were Dickies eyes ... ... a startling blue yet almond shaped like her mother 's .
tr	8	" No , Rift , " the ninja pleads , holding up her hands in a surrendering gesture .
tr	9	Don 't let it go to your heads .
tr	5	" Well , not for pets , eh , sport ? "
tr	6	Chapter 24 Ryker shifted to just outside Castle Jaden on the well-traveled winding switchback road .
tr	9	Alejo could just see the look on her face now : repulsion at the idea .
tr	11	I 'll bring you updates as they 're made available .
tr	7	I quickly asked , " Got any coffee going . "
tr	8	She felt a tinge of gratitude that John had disappeared .
tr	10	He snapped the case shut and pulled his phone from his pocket , opened his text messaging application .
tr	7	Bruno lifted an iron grating behind the water feature and exposed a narrow hole in the ground .
tr	11	Dane seems to like the idea of our accompanying him .
tr	10	She knew they needed to talk .
tr	5	' I ... I ... just washed your clothes ! '
tr	10	He waited until one heartbeat had just drummed , then murmured in the space between , " Now . "
tr	5	Simultaneously , the shapeshifter fired his last shot .
tr	9	" Let me change and I 'll meet you outside .
tr	9	" I think we have the link ... a connection .
tr	7	He turned on the power and raised the camera to his face .
tr	8	" But I 've never been all the way down to the sand .
tr	10	How could this peculiar thing possibly communicate with people he wondered ?
tr	9	This is when I should stop , but I don 't .
tr	10	Dewi what are you doing in here ?
tr	10	" The senate is in Democrat hands so he 's leaving it for the end .
tr	6	' They took it all away , ' he whispered .
tr	8	" It matters to you that I am careful ? "
tr	10	" Hmm ... so we really don 't know anything for sure , except what we observe .
tr	6	" EAT FOOD QUICKLY , " it ordered in a low , masculine voice .
tr	10	" Any man that can hold his own against Stefan has my admiration . "
tr	6	Simon and Miriam both let their breaths out at the same moment .
tr	11	We still have to make sure that you are not followed .
tr	8	When he got closer to the pool he yanked off his boots and splashed right in .
tr	8	Tired and aggravated , each second felt like a minute , each minute felt like an hour .
tr	10	The desert temperature was rising and even in fall , it felt like it was in the nineties .
tr	10	As she got used to the noise she began to enjoy the feel of it around her body .
tr	11	He had buckets of acid poised to drop .
tr	9	To be honest , I don 't feel like partying anymore . "
tr	9	She saw the legion , the barrier was restraining them from entering the castle .
tr	8	She endeavoured to act normally .
tr	9	He could not believe that she was gone .
tr	10	He looked like he was about to faint .
tr	8	The tableware was an eclectic collection fitting the house and its owner .
tr	6	Passing the security guards , they walked along the now empty darkened golf course .
tr	9	He was resigned to remain a bad seed .
tr	9	She had to do something , and fast but she needed time to act .
tr	9	" She met a guy , she was sitting at a table with him .
tr	5	* * * The crowded King 's Hall was huge .
tr	10	" This is one big ass park ; we 're talking perfect angel killing ground , " Gabe continues .
tr	7	A strange and yet fearful warrior comes along and walks into enemy territory despite his fear and cowardice .
tr	11	" I am scared of losing you , " he finally admitted , and she gasped " Why ?
tr	8	Lonnie reached out and grabbed the flashlight out of Kevin 's hand then pushed him toward the opening .
tr	6	She did not speak , but her gentle eyes revealed her gratitude all the same .
tr	8	I blinked away dreams about avenging angels , rolled over and stared at the clock on the bedside table .
tr	9	I just hope it 's worth the expense . "
tr	9	Dr. Warner asked in abbreviated speech , a function of his occupation .
tr	8	" You 'll age , you just won 't show any physical signs for quite some time . "
tr	11	I deflected all his strikes with an ease that enraged him to no end .
tr	8	Shades of lavender blush within the cloud of color around his body .
tr	8	Darin emerged from behind the sagging branches of a bearded pine .
tr	8	It seemed far away from the harsh realities of her job .
tr	7	The Prince located Leah and quickly made his way toward her .
tr	10	Without wanting to see it .
tr	7	His face clouded for a moment , then cleared in an instant .
tr	10	Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .
tr	8	I 'll have another unit deployed immediately . "
tr	10	One tried to touch her but she slapped him playfully and chuckled when he took his hand away sheepishly .
tr	8	Most people don 't recognize the danger brewing around us , but my troops are preparing .
tr	9	We 're asking them to do too much .
tr	8	The only thing going through her mind right now is her son ; he is alone in the tent .
tr	8	" Eh hmm hmm hmm , " she giggles , her haunting voice amplified in the small cave .
tr	6	They reached the giant red cedar but the stone pile was gone .
tr	6	When the singing stopped , the door 's knob rattled and turned and he stepped out .
tr	10	" I said you could do it in twenty minutes . "
tr	10	I hate knowing you heard that .
tr	6	" You 're on , kid , " Joey said to me .
tr	7	Alfred patted Ben on the shoulder .
tr	9	I looked both ways up and down the country lane but nothing was coming .
tr	9	If you 're listening to this , then things have gone terribly wrong . "
tr	10	First , I must tell you there will be no attendants .
tr	8	* * * The Fox brothers do a quick Target run for me .
tr	11	Beppe , whilst staring into the depths of Simon 's eyes , suddenly felt an old familiar feeling .
tr	7	The waters gently lapped against the manor , but the pale gloom cast the castle in a vicious , threatening light .
tr	8	The last few yards would be completed by the tether system .
tr	10	" Thank you Deepa , but I do not know any blonde man .
tr	7	We reached the corridor to the steel containment door and started up the stairs .
tr	6	" I struck you that first day , at Split Creek . "
tr	10	People who knew him would probably be shocked by the idea of Brazen actually inside a church .
tr	6	The crossing of the South Hills took only a few turns .
tr	7	" What happened between your brother and I was ill chance , I meant him no harm . "
tr	8	After surveying the rooms about us , our eyes were drawn to the back wall .
tr	6	Then they all heard a very loud howl from the woods behind them .
tr	9	It had to be Joe 's partner .
tr	11	They tortured some of the young boys they had captured .
tr	7	All these physical laws , they gave it order ; but now everything 's malleable , fluid , once again .
tr	6	She scampered away through the door .
tr	7	Moments later , another man showed up with an empty basket and the cycle repeated .
tr	10	Claire stood waiting for her mother or Sky to open the door .
tr	8	Maybe if I scare her a bit she 'll open up .
tr	10	This was new , and Taylor had a suspicion that it would not be the last thing this evening .
tr	10	Each home was a work of art , while still maintaining its air of simplicity .
tr	7	" Them damned bears have been in the garbage again . "
tr	11	These are the people I can hear talking .
tr	9	" We don 't allow people to leave our lands .
tr	9	Like the drawing back of a curtain the clouds revealed the moon lighting up the woods in its cold light .
tr	10	She is fading fast and there is nothing to be done .
tr	9	And way up on top , we could see the cougar looking down on us .
tr	9	" Why would she want me to know that ? "
tr	7	Without an ID we can do virtually nothing , let 's get on it ! "
tr	9	" Now don 't go overboard , " Angela warned , " less is more , as they say .
tr	7	" Is it doing any good ? "
tr	9	She is certainly ... something , isn 't she ? "
tr	8	As to a driver , I 'll be serving in that capacity .
tr	10	He just got bored silly going round and round and much preferred jogging down by the river and the canal .
tr	9	Watching him , she could feel the anxiety and tension pinging off him in waves .
tr	5	" And , of course , the training is quite rigorous . "
tr	6	" Doesn 't matter , " Chris interjected quickly .
tr	5	" Oh god , don 't ... go yet .
tr	11	This was what Protectors were supposed to do .
tr	11	Carson did want to do that .
tr	8	" I have Toby and Victoria connected from my study .
tr	11	" Like , why are all the houses named like Egyptian gods ? "
tr	9	He wanted to get over with it .
tr	11	At night he would cover us with huge leaves just to keep us comfortable and dry .
tr	10	Yesterday I agreed to train the son of one of my previous students . "
tr	7	He turned and walked out of the room .
tr	10	Well , I don 't think they liked it , but I 've always been a little weird .
tr	11	She asked Mark about his early life - where he was from , if he had family .
tr	8	" Typical , " Sarah said , then watched Chris smile .
tr	10	The dappled , dancing light lent a festive air to what was actually very efficient activity .
tr	7	" No -- " Elaina began and was cut off , " Oh but by the Truth !
tr	9	I finished giving specific instructions to the Oblivion Babes and waited patiently in my hiding spot .
tr	10	" Lieutenant Green , are you in command here ? "
tr	5	But instead of silence and blackness , din and light filled his world .
tr	11	' Okay , but be quick we 're supposed to be going clubbing . '
tr	6	" Ya got a real tall tree with a real wooden house , between the tree limbs . "
tr	7	After a long battle and lives lost it was in our hands .
tr	10	It 's on your neck , and it could be in your neck in a moment .
tr	6	Her straight hair shone like polished mahogany and small gold sparkles accented her chestnut eyes .
tr	7	I work through the evening prayer , then the night prayer .
tr	7	Mana smiled and opened the door wider .
tr	5	" Yes , sir , " Marcus said , very quietly .
tr	8	He spied a bridge spanning a broad icy river through the thick wood line ahead .
tr	7	" Finn wants her alive , I tell you . "
tr	9	These thoughts must have weighed on Logan 's mind too , despite the drink .
tr	7	Even the most powerful among us may meet with forces or creatures beyond their control .
tr	6	A narrow hallway opened up before me .
tr	5	Above it , in bold print , I added , Found this online .
tr	8	The thumping at the front door persisted as he opened it .
tr	11	I believe that you loaning me the money was sufficient payment .
tr	11	Mark knew he had to say something .
tr	9	They found safety close to the wall , where they worked their way to the entrance .
tr	8	The shade moved back and forth in the breeze , hitting the windowsill and making a slight click each time .
tr	9	Reid was waiting in the reception on the ground floor .
tr	7	I 've never told this to anyone .
tr	6	On the panoramic screen , dozens of missiles streaks suddenly become bright explosions .
tr	9	That camp where soul shattering horror came one night .
tr	11	People everywhere began bowing under rising food prices , shortages and fear of infection .
tr	7	She pulled the covers back and crawled into the space next to me .
tr	7	I did not tell them of ' red-eye ' . "
tr	6	She filled their plates with food .
tr	11	He said he wanted to know more .
tr	9	" Get a good rest on top of the door and squeeze the trigger slowly and smoothly .
tr	6	And they are often insufferably arrogant , self-righteous , short-sighted , intolerant , violent , and even cruel to boot .
tr	8	She slowly scrolled through the shots again and zoomed in on one particular one .
tr	8	Would you like to learn about my memory technology now , Rick ? "
tr	11	Then it 'll be like going to sleep . "
tr	6	But right now the safety of our other friends is paramount ! '
tr	8	I 've lost sight of them now .
tr	5	" I do , " was the response .
tr	8	' Coming from Carlo , I would take that as a compliment . '
tr	9	Gabe tries too hard to be funny .
tr	11	Putting everything she needed into a steel briefcase she locked everything up and headed back to the kitchen .
tr	11	Unlike the others , she was smooth , with a thick , blue-black locks which fell almost to her broad girdle .
tr	8	" It seems to have disappeared .
tr	10	I think you are seriously missing my point , retard ! "
tr	10	I don 't know where they are now ; I just sort of jumped into a boat and followed you here .
tr	9	He drew breath , ready to speak .
tr	11	She walked toward the makeshift bed Hagan had slept on .
tr	8	The air suddenly felt dense , as if the relative humidity dramatically increased .
tr	5	" The midrange nickel content , though persuasive , is apparently not conclusive . "
tr	8	The little boy sitting next to Andy stayed put , eyeing the guard and the servant warily .
tr	6	Sleep made everything whole again and in my dreams I was normal .
tr	8	The four crossed a path where someone had stepped .
tr	10	Chapter 24 -- Missing They were on the highway before Lizzie spoke .
tr	11	Let her think he was crazy .
tr	9	This was one was different .
tr	10	Just makes me sick to think about . "
tr	10	Jon raced up the stairs as Alison walked out the door with the others .
tr	8	Josie watched the floors count down on the panel .
tr	8	That ought to stop the boys .
tr	8	Peeking from beneath her cowl , her dark blue bangs appear black in the low lighting .
tr	10	The entrance foyer was busy and no one paid us any attention while we headed for the stairs .
tr	6	She was pale and tall and magnificent , every inch a queen , and I felt my stomach contract .
tr	9	Warned by some sense of danger , the man turned , eyes widening .
tr	8	" Jason , she 's alive , she 's alive , " Aria sobs happily .
tr	7	It was hot , the only breeze caused by the boat 's own motion through the water .
tr	10	John took pride in his ability to generate ideas .
tr	6	A fine web of blue blood vessels ran just below the grayish skin .
tr	11	When the doors opened , an aide was there waiting to conduct them to the Secretary General 's office .
tr	9	Everything was quite blurry and he blinked some more to clear his vision .
tr	7	It just fit into the square slot and the readout seventy seconds later showed 89 percent platinum and 10.1 percent iridium .
tr	11	He hadn 't even been able to keep them warm .
tr	8	A faint orange glow ahead finally alerted us to the presence of the bartender .
tr	10	Cho groaned softly as she rose to follow .
tr	10	he seemed genuinely interested , " where do you publish ? "
tr	10	" Once they 're in custody where are we taking them ? "
tr	7	" Bent blades and nicked edges , " he proclaimed through his clenched teeth .
tr	8	They won 't miss just one of them . "
tr	9	This is now , after all of this , " he said , gesturing to the body .
tr	5	The huge variety of greens and yellows in the trees , hedgerows and crops .
tr	9	Still they had their work cutout , moving into a run-down town with no functioning electricity , water or sewer system .
tr	10	Chapter Twenty ~ A state police captain read the list of charges .
tr	10	It wasn 't a sharp blow but it was enough to break my aim . "
tr	8	She held her gloved hands , palms together and continued to pray .
tr	7	" Why , thank you for the compliment , " Rick said happily .
tr	11	I think that 's about it for now .
tr	10	I mean , everyone knows there were no civilisations before the ice age .
tr	9	Miriam craved that comb as soon as she saw it .
tr	9	I 'll do the best that I can though . "
tr	10	" I could tell that she totally wanted you , " I respond .
tr	11	I know exactly what he is thinking , " That 's my girl ! "
tr	5	" Back off , sister , " she states bluntly .
tr	8	I should have realized that , " he admitted sheepishly .
tr	11	It wasn 't a fast fall , more like falling through jelly , as dreams usually are .
tr	9	Everything was neat and tidy and nothing was missing but no sign of Farmer or Spade .
tr	9	" Your friends arrived and broke the news a couple of days ago .
tr	8	" Do you live out here ? "
tr	9	As she passed Jack 's office , she noted light leaking from underneath the door .
tr	9	But how were they to do it ?
tr	10	I wish to heaven that he could .
tr	9	" How does Bloody Mary mix prove he was cheating ? "
tr	8	He looked down at his chest and saw the giant 's arm in his torso , almost to the elbow .
tr	11	Noah 's parents wanted to know what they had found .
tr	9	Who 's gon na know ?
tr	9	Ted held the belt up , letting it hang down its full length .
tr	11	She was as awake and aware as he was , just taking the time to center herself .
tr	10	She grinned jokingly then sipped a glass of expensive champagne in an aristocratic manner .
tr	8	He turned slowly with a thin smile across his lips .
tr	6	This is an exquisite hurt , all neural and twitchy .
tr	8	" There are at least thirty of them and only five of us .
tr	10	Rick and Julio stood at the top of the stairs enjoying the cool breeze blowing across the tarmac .
tr	7	When Billy was six , he had rigged an elaborate man trap in the living room fireplace .
tr	9	Mark twisted his head around and tried to look behind him .
tr	6	Just be careful of your fingers though .
tr	11	No one moved a muscle as he marched outside , with me trailing bemused behind .
tr	9	I 'm tired of hiding out .
tr	9	Her tranquillity was shattered by the screech of estuary vowels .
tr	7	She rose from her chair and showed the picture to Tomas .
tr	7	Lilly Ann jumped out of the driver 's side door with a joyful squeal .
tr	7	As the sun crested the horizon , small clusters of homes began appearing .
tr	11	Now I wonder if maybe I should crank it up to $ 12.50 an hour .
tr	8	We call it the Halls of Silence .
tr	9	He leaned down and removed her hair , the scar still visible , but he didn 't mind kissing it softly .
tr	7	Jacob leaned back , closing his eyes .
tr	6	" Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy are all connected and separate Russia from Britain and France .
tr	10	The author reserves all applicable rights and will not stand for any attempts at monetary gain via this work .
tr	5	" Look , here 's a dressing table . "
tr	6	There was no end and no beginning .
tr	9	' How do you think we got away so easily ?
tr	10	Bryony struggled to stand up as the trembling intensified .
tr	6	The first upright golden string dwindled and then , with a sharp sigh , disappeared .
tr	9	Dude , remember you can 't tell anyone .
tr	10	I press my teeth together to keep them from chattering .
tr	5	Satin and lace , my dear , with a fan-shaped train . "
tr	5	" No , not really , " Onyx said quietly .
tr	9	He could see her smiling face ; saw her bouncing off down the street .
tr	6	In America , Italy , even here on this beautiful tropical island , hospitals stank of antibacterial cleansers and fear .
tr	10	" I see Jefferson has been telling his lies .
tr	6	You got Microsoft and Nintendo just around the corner .
tr	8	I never even thought about having a baby before you showed up . "
tr	8	It provides us with an anchor in life . "
tr	10	Although neither of us had ever been involved in one , we were well versed in the history of the ritual .
tr	6	the men asked in confusion .
tr	7	Is Mr. Taylor here , he can help . "
tr	9	I 'm not trying to poison you . "
tr	7	They can touch all the pillars , but cannot create or destroy .
tr	8	She shouts , firmly slapping the boy across the face .
tr	6	The binding also lends them strength and endurance , and speeds their recovery time .
tr	8	Not explosions , he noticed , but grey smoke came billowing out .
tr	9	Sophia asked herself , but took it in silence to the spring as the old man had asked .
tr	8	" Several people spotted your hunk ride into town and visit the castle , " she informs with a mischievous smile .
tr	9	-- what 's that ? "
tr	8	After a few moments though , I heard him rummaging through the kitchen .
tr	6	Shimmer was safe and whole and that mattered more to her than her wounded back .
tr	11	' I want to catch some waves some before it goes too glassy .
tr	6	Fathers , mothers , young couples with their first homes and mortgages , juniors with their first jobs .
tr	11	After all , he had known they would be coming here .
tr	10	I pulled on the axe handle and moved higher as Isaac paid out the rope .
tr	10	" What say we walk a bit , Hank .
tr	9	But I will say this : It be me own fault .
tr	7	" Okay , " Alonzo looked around and found a fallen tree and gingerly led her over to it to rest .
tr	9	There was nothing he could do .
tr	6	Is she anything like Pedro said ? "
tr	8	In the few days after Rupert 's return , I 'd practiced .
tr	7	Just two people going through the motions , it had all been a facade .
tr	10	asked Simon " I am sorry I don 't follow you . "
tr	6	Hundreds of shards , each four inches long .
tr	8	Before them lay Ravin , unmoving in a pool of blood .
tr	7	Scattered jeers drifted up from some , but the mass had a shaken look .
tr	10	The Hunters raised their guns and started to shoot at the cage .
tr	6	' This one 's yours , mate , ' he said , and backed away .
tr	11	And yet it remained just out of reach , thwarted by a pair of irritations .
tr	6	In the hall she grabbed her handbag , reached in and pulled her address book out .
tr	8	Taylor had rekindled his love affair with all things flying .
tr	9	He suddenly covered his lips , restraining himself to laugh .
tr	11	And you can bet it 'll be comin ' right through here .
tr	10	I 'll forward their findings as soon as I have them . "
tr	10	It would seem that most of their ground troops are still on the planet .
tr	8	All I could picture was strip poker .
tr	8	Eda tried to gather her scattered wits together .
tr	6	" Actually I am , " Shorty said , and bobbed his head up and down a few times .
tr	10	Shall we begin with a presentation of our current progress ? "
tr	8	Fuchs isn 't one to take things lightly .
tr	11	He then led her out a small door she hadn 't noticed before .
tr	5	Can a fig tree , my brothers , yield olives , or a vine - figs ?
tr	7	The vibrations traveled through my veins , and my very arms trembled at his strikes .
tr	7	Cornelius leapt down from the table and meowed .
tr	11	Does that mean they 're damned ? "
tr	9	Everyone heard Angelique draw in her breath .
tr	11	I was to be his puppet king while he ran the whole country .
tr	5	Shining blues , sparkling purples , glittering golds , bright reds , gleaming pinks , splendid oranges .
tr	6	With that connection , my earlier need for the Thorn Land and Rowan Land flared up with startling intensity .
tr	7	Whatever it was , his float was getting the most effusive cheers .
tr	7	When the captain caught his eye , he looked away guiltily .
tr	10	Sever laughed and the two began to vanish in an instant .
tr	9	" You need to do it on your own .
tr	7	Tori gave her the card , took the books and got out of the library .
tr	11	The sketches I had seen of deep underground caverns came to mind , so expansive was the room .
tr	9	VIN took it easy and slowly let his machinery get used to the tarmac surface beneath his feet .
tr	9	Rick kept his eyes glued outside as they headed towards the downtown hotel .
tr	11	' You really wanted to see her tonight didn 't you ? '
tr	9	I nodded and stood to give him privacy .
tr	8	Gabe gets a burger , and I get another bag of fish .
tr	7	We 'll make your announcement , and no one will know . "
tr	7	We shook the proffered hand , offered our own introductions , and took another look at the man .
tr	8	Blowing out a shower of crumbs , he waved one hand at the visitor .
tr	11	" I see you are well rested and ready for action , " he noted .
tr	10	The loud cannon fire from above signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
tr	5	" A kiss ... one kiss ... " " I. . . "
tr	8	Falling below his ears , it had two red feathers sticking out from the left side .
tr	5	The first aggregate , the form , is the body .
tr	11	He stared at it , wondering where it had come from .
tr	11	Finan forced a smile , trying to ignore her interference , knowing that she meant well .
tr	9	Bullets had damaged most of the equipment Anna and the scientists had been using .
tr	8	I even didn 't know that he drives .
tr	10	Now he knew death was at least another day away .
tr	10	" President Philips , what a pleasure to meet you .
tr	5	For Kyle , the slippery , bloody rock and the heavy carcass were too much .
tr	10	You 'd like us all to sod off , I bet .
tr	6	" Had a busy day the other day .
tr	9	Sarah went to Dan 's stall and he walked over to greet her .
tr	8	They used sign language to be silent .
tr	6	They felt like giant mosquito bites .
tr	9	* * * " Where are they , fools ?
tr	9	" Grab a bite to eat and feed Star .
tr	7	Without the Scotch he wouldn 't have slept at all .
tr	8	But , when they walked back to their street they had a fight .
tr	8	Some they scalped alive , right in front of us .
va	7	Then , after a while , he walked along with me , imitating my gait .
va	8	The planning is underway for an incursion and Laird Destro wants us over there ASAP . "
va	10	who could attempt to pursue her ?
va	11	See any in particular that strike your fancy ? "
va	6	" How is the power interface coming along ? "
va	9	Next to it , a wicker chair with a matching footrest was adorned with cushions to match the couch .
va	8	" It 's a Sunday , the day before Labor Day .
va	10	It was nice to just be with him .
va	7	I watched you die . '
va	8	" I ... where is it you 're going ?
va	9	They were three folk of little needs and little means and all they had was brutally taken from them .
va	5	But for art and romantic good intentions , he 's a sound investment . "
va	6	His striated gaze , amber , topaz , and sherry brown , just never lost its magic .
va	11	They wanted excitement , and his failure to react to Gan 's taunts wasn 't sitting well .
va	7	With a shudder , I turn away and press my hands down hard against the porch .
va	6	He shrugs off his backpack and pulls out a bright yellow box .
va	7	Johnny looked younger than his best friend but the two seemed inseparable even with the constant bickering .
va	7	He saw the three men exchange looks .
va	10	It would be generations before the islands scars healed and it once again became the jewel of the Caribbean .
va	5	" Oh my God , your hands are so amazingly strong . "
va	6	The white tile in the bathroom floor played up the one navy blue sock and one black sock .
va	9	Chris found a spot on the all but empty beach to lay their blanket and the two lay down atop it .
va	10	So I saw Kurt 's offer as a chance to do something .
va	8	Navi calls , drifting ahead of Link .
va	9	The elderly couple sat down and George proceeded to serve everyone .
va	10	They have to eat to survive .
va	8	The sound of soft breathing reached me from the other end of the line .
va	7	No bank on Earth would touch us with a ten foot pole .
va	10	Many in the coliseum bow their heads and many more have tears in their eyes .
va	9	' We 'll go through basic drills in the air . '
va	6	Dear Lord in Heaven , thank you , thank you .
va	5	" Ah , Princess Laura , " Prince Duncan was now obviously very displeased .
va	11	It felt so strange to come back after so many years .
va	6	Is Saturday and my parent 's best friend invited us to her place .
va	6	We have a gig , you see . "
va	6	It will be dark soon .
va	8	At the far end of the room was an enormous viewing terminal that dominated the entire wall .
va	8	It would be a better night than they first thought .
va	7	But you best be finished by at least Friday .
va	9	" I never saw him handling things so easy , " Jess said and laughed .
va	9	" Not angry , but I 'm happier knowing the truth .
va	10	Patriarch of the tribe for a matter of seconds he will not tolerate anyone bringing violence upon his people .
va	8	She pushed her nose into a flower near the fence .
va	11	He knew more about loss than any one man should ever have to know .
va	7	" They could be anywhere , but especially here .
va	5	Was it almost early morning ?
va	6	" And a screamer too ... delicious , " said another voice to my side .
va	8	They had the point and there 's no sign of them at all .
va	8	We want for nothing ; we 've become weak .
va	8	There must be a reason for that .
va	6	' Ah , Bo ... blast , the Bots are at least twenty shelves up . '
va	8	Before Cook shot himself in the head , he extracted a promise from my father .
va	6	The passage inside the duct was hot and tight .
va	11	This operation must be done within twenty miles of each other and at the same speed and altitude .
va	7	Blinking into the light , his nightshirt hung about him like an extra skin .
va	9	Do I smell bad ? "
va	9	Rick got out of the cab and stood looking upwards at the impressive building .
va	8	" You expect me to believe that ? "
va	8	Going to the red zone meant defying orders , and that would bring hell fire and damnation .
va	7	He held the passenger door for her and she nimbly slid in .
va	5	" Yeah , he 's an easy choice .
va	8	The girl was now flinging her wild hair from side to side , and her humming had escalated to moans .
va	9	Ted draped the towel over his head as ordered and turned around .
va	10	" I would not dream of contradicting Your Majesty , but you have my word .
va	7	Beau was quiet for a moment .
va	10	His shirt was soaked in a dozen places from blood seeping out of his wounds .
va	9	I was taught to accept everyone .
va	7	Of course , it would again bring more gawkers to the scene .
va	10	Roberto knew him well , and the mere thought that the woman was at his mercy was devastating .
va	8	King Ine 's face took on an expression of grim displeasure .
va	7	You have done well , my friend . "
va	8	" Yes , " Mark said to Josie , as he stepped back .
va	9	" Your father used to visit me two to three times a year .
va	7	He had talked a great deal , but he never revealed any information about himself .
va	7	We may be outsiders , but this is now our home . "
va	11	You make lame people look ... uh , much less lame or ... just shut up . "
va	7	Her skin dimpled in the cold , but she didn 't cover herself .
va	9	That 's all I can say . "
va	10	" There 's people you can talk to .
va	6	" Okay okay , that 's enough , a week is more than enough .
va	8	" We are aware of our situation , " Lisa adds .
va	8	Most of the men looked away with flinching relief when they saw her , anyway .
va	10	The WTR has electricity from us , so we must assume they also have phones .
va	7	" He 's not happy , you 'll be knowing that straightaway , aye ? "
va	9	Now I am from the green yard with the beehive , " she said .
va	8	" I know initiations happen all the time but this seems a little excessive . "
va	11	The bottom was flat , but had moving parts jutting out from underneath .
va	7	The meeting lasted for a few more minutes and then we said our goodbyes and disconnected the video feed .
va	8	I didn 't train your papa ; I merely gave him confidence in his own abilities . "
va	6	He got their adrenaline pumping .
va	6	I double-checked my number against the table number .
va	5	" A Spy Games staff member is gone . "
va	5	" A chill down my neck , perhaps , " Aunt Clara whispers .
va	10	The fight was edited , but he could see why Billy chose it .
va	6	He wore a red tie , a white long sleeve dress shirt , dark trousers , and a black dress jacket .
va	10	" Help yourself , but they 're sure to find us eventually . "
va	8	I THOUGHT GREED WAS GOOD ?
va	6	I clap , and Gabe gives me a little bow .
va	5	Too late now , Homer , ' she says , and laughs .
va	8	" There 's no blood , " she said , " ergo he wasn 't killed here .
va	8	She obviously had not lost her quirky sense of humor .
va	8	The woman behind the glassed in counter gave me a funny , sympathetic look as she bagged them all up .
va	5	What outfit are you from ? "
va	6	OK , great but what niche ?
va	10	He looked past her , out where the sunset spilled color across the sparse clouds .
va	8	" I 'm honestly not sure , " Byron replied , still chuckling quietly to himself .
va	11	" I 'm sure Sid could set him in his place . "
va	10	I think he was taken by surprise .
va	8	" And where are we to get horses ? "
va	7	The Roseland site was the opposite extreme : almost too polished and slick , with scrolling flash images and neat headings .
va	8	' Hang on , if she doesn 't have a fixed address , how you gon na reply ? '
va	8	Stalin licked a film of whipped cream off his upper lip and sighed .
va	11	Once a Lilly answers something like ' Let me think about this . '
va	9	Because she was made vulnerable .
va	7	A permanent chill had descended on my shoulders .
va	10	Put them all together and what could possibly go wrong ?
va	7	Gabriel frowned , opened his mouth , then snapped it shut .
va	6	Green Habitat United backs Tiger Island , Animal Rights International backs the deer . "
va	7	Finding himself unhindered , he yanked it open and marched down the hall .
va	11	added Simon in an attempt to change the topic .
va	8	Instantly , the door to the dining room opened , and one of the brothers ' heads popped out .
va	10	A pack of urchins bolted past Claudio as they chased a dog , laughing all the way .
va	7	Aloysius Fuchs had gone with him .
va	9	Stinky was laughing from the jostling of the ride .
va	7	I , Claudio thought , am about ten years behind the current fashion .
va	6	He finally looked back down at the open cube .
va	11	demanded Nora , trying to look and sound brave .
va	10	I said , " Christ Dan couldn 't you find something a tad smaller ? "
va	9	" I don 't know many of these words you 're using .
va	9	A lone priest was strolling casually along , without a care in the world .
va	9	" Very well , but allow me to say this . "
va	8	" And is there no way of helping ? "
va	7	The dog immediately came over and sat beside him .
va	6	One of them , glowing hardly at all , suddenly reached for the boy with rubber boogeyman arms .
va	7	Is he happy I died ?
va	9	No minerals have ever been found in the caves or anything .
va	6	He tapped the table distractedly for a moment before replying .
va	7	" If there is such a possibility , who could be that person or the power ? "
va	9	CHAPTER ELEVEN At Detachment 1039 's Command Center , Major Campbell felt like he was getting an ulcer .
va	6	His legs were sore , his throat dry .
va	11	Donovan took a deep breath as if he were still processing the information for himself .
va	7	She smiled , without looking .
va	10	You were my brother 's wife , but if you test my mercy I fear you will be disappointed . "
va	10	And then he felt the prick of a very wicked knife pressed against his throat .
va	8	" Profile is consistent with rail gun mechanisms , but we see no turrets . "
va	7	" The sages ... They must , all of them , die . "
va	6	I knew him from youth .
va	7	The pitch of her voice stabbed through Claire 's headache like a stiletto heel .
va	6	Her eyes , nose and throat were on fire .
va	8	She took energetic steps , big steps , with a beaming smile , and a constant loving eye on her daughter .
va	9	I had to get moving .
va	10	I knew there was no hope for it .
va	11	" I don 't know anything about that I 'm afraid , " the scientist replied .
va	11	she asked , tapping the brakes and pointing at a well-lit hotel on their right .
va	7	The only difficulty will be replacing my mortars . "
va	9	The scar running from his left eye to the corner of his mouth made him look fierce .
va	8	Just as John had planned , Police and military resources were being pulled in every direction .
va	11	Everything I hated about being a spy I had become .
va	11	" Are you trying to get me killed ?
va	8	" We 're travelers , sir , and could use supplies , " Landon called back through the door .
va	10	The ship was walking smooth on water , cutting the white waves of the blue crystalline sea .
va	11	In my mind , that meant that I had to get Lynette back .
va	5	" The death of a werewolf at the hands of a human . "
va	7	She is not married to you .
va	6	Just then , Melody heard Lilith 's voice over her shoulder .
va	10	" There is room for all of us to live in this world . "
va	11	- There is no word in any human language that describes me .
va	7	" Guess where I am ? "
va	10	" All we have to do is hold out for the search and rescue team . "
va	9	Sofia managed to smile , throwing glances on Chase a minute after another .
va	5	Guy was a distinguished university professor .
va	10	Got to stop confusing them .
va	9	He swallowed again then caught his breath as she stopped less than six feet from him .
va	6	" No , I just ... " " Drink this down -- in one .
va	8	An awkward uppercut to the creature 's ribs sends it sprawling into a nearby pillar .
va	6	Occasionally a series of exclamation marks followed a particularly complex paragraph .
va	7	Everything was catalogued , each detail analyzed and extrapolated into estimated movements or actions .
va	5	" How many warriors can your village supply ? "
va	8	Fire when ready , fire at will , " said Joshua .
va	9	Manipulating others is a way of life for Gary .
va	10	Across the water , coming from what Chris assumed was the Coast Guard Cutter , an amplified voice could be heard .
va	6	" So Yin issued his challenge and the First Clan 's Elder Family accepted .
va	6	The pale stone walls shone eerily in the night .
va	9	Who suffers from sibling rivalry ?
va	6	" Oh , just for the occasional nostalgic quip , " Spook said with a laugh .
va	10	It drew my attention for a moment , because an interesting diamond-shaped medallion was attached to the hat .
va	7	I didn 't like lying , but I don 't have a choice .
va	9	Riki seemed to accept this and subsided .
va	9	They stood there holding their breath , waiting for some reaction to the sound .
va	10	They 're both worm shit rotting in ... " " Shut up ! "
va	9	Unable even to crawl , he slithered like a reptile toward the square machine .
va	6	And where are they taking us ?
va	11	Earth had barely recovered from its own war ; we were in no state to fight another .
va	10	I 'll see that he ends up in prison .
va	6	His golden hair was long and wavy , and his beard was short , but thick .
va	8	So how to separate them ?
va	10	People tried desperately to get out of his way as he went .
va	11	" I 'm afraid nothing would help me , " she said .
va	6	Two separate rolls of pistol fire answered the rifle from further out behind the barn .
va	10	" Please brother , they have things they can teach even us !
va	9	" I will see what I can do .
va	11	Stones piled on stones until they have taken the vague shape of a dwelling .
va	8	" It will be a waste of time .
va	6	Her show of confusion irritated him .
va	11	He had insisted she take the seat closest to the window .
va	8	The cargo was 300 pounds overweight , but the shuttle had flown with this amount before .
va	7	I can 't let that happen .
va	5	I uploaded the entire HS runtime environment .
va	10	The sight was ordinary until a slight breeze blew a pocket of clarity in the fog .
va	7	The High King will never lower it for us . "
va	9	The man shifted awkwardly and glanced at the woman for reassurance .
va	10	You could have gone to work anywhere .
va	9	He wanted to go to her .
va	9	I paid no heed to the scientists fleeing past me .
va	9	Lilly Ann was exhausted just holding that picture in her mind .
va	6	" See , half a loaf , one loaf and two loaves , " I pointed to the corresponding numbers .
va	7	It looked like no other blade on Earth and I noticed its odd curves on the reverse .
va	7	Clouds of plasma erupted from the enemy bows yet again and everyone held their breath .
va	7	" I have a driver 's license from Graves County and my military identification card .
va	9	" Mister Bloor did the successful Why America Should Be More Like Canada series .
va	9	Toby simply nodded , focusing intensely on the data feeds .
va	10	" I think you 'd better start with the basics . "
va	10	No , I 've seen too much battle and used too many weapons to pick one .
va	7	They are magic without magic .
va	8	Din 's presence subdued for the time being , he simply revels in his successful occupation of the castle once again .
va	7	- And people don 't only have a free will , but their imagination as well .
va	9	I slid to the edge of the mattress and picked my new cell from the floor .
va	8	She nearly ran into the bridge railing and was temporarily stunned by the brightness .
va	9	Nevertheless , they hadn 't been content to copy .
va	9	These steps made those seem like chocolate cake .
va	10	I can 't imagine what you 're going through . "
va	11	She told you we were there to see you anyway . '
va	8	I know you 're a religious man .
va	6	Why just the other day ... " " Mr. Johnson ! "
va	9	From this time forward , I shall take the place of the Searcher until he is well . "
va	6	What a glorious time that was .
va	9	The day ahead promised to be challenging and perhaps deadly .
va	10	Jess couldn 't help but like this personable officer despite the warnings from Parnell 's advisors .
va	10	I don 't know how , I can 't imagine how .
va	10	Boris asked whilst looking in the direction of the third vehicle .
va	9	Our swords clashed under the pounding rain just as a bolt of lightning streaked across the dark heavens .
va	7	When all 's said and done , I 've only known him for a few weeks .
va	11	I mean , if you want me there , I suppose I could make the time ... . "
va	11	The old lady began to complain loudly about her old age and aches and pains .
va	6	Once again , I cursed my own stupidity , my own foolishness , my own ... sloppiness .
va	6	" Jake , " she started , " Aye , " he looked her in the eye .
va	8	I have to believe this too .
va	5	And , within a few hours , they had my brother , too .
va	8	" The language is known to me though I know not what the words mean .
va	11	" No , the premeditated opportunities were just what Werewolves are designed to do .
va	7	He dropped his hand and started after her .
va	8	His lightening speed was impressive considering his size .
va	6	As the creature reappears , the woman 's aim proves true , her light catches and holds the creature .
va	9	I will take care of Miriam 's punishments from now on . "
va	6	She was so shocked , she just stood still like a rock .
va	11	Shaw and Gomez looked around , seeming to examine everything but the body .
va	8	Then they would cross the mountains and make their way to the Barrier Forest .
va	9	Tears burned and the emotion of the night before and this morning caught up to me .
va	6	In the deep forest a trail runs beside the Yellow Leaf Creek .
va	8	To spare you the details , these men , foreigners from America and England , lay in wait .
va	5	" The Cannon Club rehearsing , " said the Pastor .
va	6	You , your cousin Ben and your whole family are in great danger .
va	10	They stopped walking and stood looking at the river , but not paying much attention .
va	10	Neil rolled into the sea and sank , arms and legs waving in a desperate attempt to stay afloat .
va	8	When they came into the council chamber , all the members and elders were already seated .
va	8	The smell from the plates made him feel faint .
va	7	" Do not be so anxious ; your discomfort will only make her ill at ease .
va	10	Lilly Ann asked Taylor later during their occasional pre dinner drink on Lilly Ann 's back porch .
va	9	He slung the bag over a shoulder and followed the low wall around to the sand of the beach .
va	11	He flies over the dance floor and into some surrounding sitting booths .
va	8	He hurried to rejoin the rest .
va	8	He could hear voices - angry voices , cursing .
va	9	It was debating if I was a threat or not .
va	9	" Good , " said Edie May and directed her attention to the steaming cup of tea in front of her .
va	8	He knew a hiding spot where he could rest .
va	6	" It 's classified , " he said .
va	7	Even stranger than the last set , save for the woman .
va	9	" Didn 't your mom or dad ever want you to go to church ? "
va	10	I know I wished I could .
va	6	An hour later , footsteps rose outside the study .
va	7	There were many challengers , and they all flew across the starting line with gusto .
va	7	Could always use some more information up there in the old noggin ! "
va	10	It must feel good to be clean .
va	6	Trees tangled their limbs together , creating a thorny wall , ringed in deciduous greenery .
va	9	" From my side ... everything ok , me and my wife are happy that you love our son .
va	8	I looked away from Godard 's stricken expression and gazed at her awkwardly .
va	9	" Those little bastards aren 't just destroying equipment for the fun of it . "
va	7	He was welcoming , and the three of us accepted the offer .
va	9	He thought it was crazy himself .
va	10	" Am I the only one hallucinating ? . . "
va	6	" You want a round table meeting , we can have a round table meeting . "
va	8	My mother is his second wife , his first wife died in childbirth , her and the baby both .
va	7	With no sense of direction , I popped my finger out of my mouth and raised it towards the heavens .
va	9	Crouching down on the dirt floor , he muttered a few words and a shallow pit opened up before him .
va	6	We did it all day today , and it was a great fun . "
va	9	" You 're the one walking around in pyjamas and slippers , " Miriam retorted .
va	6	The crashing of waves , and birds squawking drifted through the open window .
va	8	Don 't think of them ; let 's enjoy the evening . "
va	6	We were in the same team .
va	7	I 'd pissed him off , but I didn 't care .
va	10	I would have been embarrassed by this reflex action ; Zeal of course , was not .
va	8	To add to its addictive taste , the chef also added a touch of cinnamon , juniper berries and pepper .
va	9	I said as I sat back against the ship .
va	7	Gavin 'll go with you . "
va	7	The giant stepped back , then raised the heart to his chest , opening his mouth .
va	11	How she had burned to kill him !
va	8	She must be angry , probably hurt , and definitely wishing him gone .
va	10	He opened the door and walked out into the hall , his protective detail falling in as they emerged .
va	9	" You 've got to rescue me ! "
va	10	" Wanted to know what happened to the guards , " he finally expresses , pointing back toward the entrance .
va	11	It didn 't seem like there 's enough room there for another suite . "
va	8	The streets were void of life , with the exception of the soldiers .
va	7	" How have you been feeling , Toby ? "
va	8	He 's like boss of the squirrels .
va	8	This ebook is Volume 4 and contains the 30 instalments from April .
va	8	It rested like an old friend , and I watched Kurt 's neck calm , his muscles relaxing .
va	7	I won 't leave you , ' he said gruffly .
va	6	Without hesitating , she threw open the double doors to a bedroom twice the size of her own .
va	9	Fuchs had found time to redecorate , it seemed .
va	8	" I did ... but ... " " You didn 't read it , " she continued .
va	9	But schoolgirls are erratic at the best of times .
va	6	He smiled , " Older , yes , but in my heart I 'm still a pup .
va	9	Simon twirled his towel into a rope and hit Neil on the seat of his trousers .
va	8	" When the government was vaporized it left you as the only candidate for power , " Lance chuckles .
va	9	Dresden smirks , " you would look ridiculous with hair . "
va	5	" Rather a quick departure , hmm ? "
va	8	Hai Hai stooped to examine a chest , running a furry finger over the lock .
va	7	Ryan comes up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist .
va	7	To Matthew 's surprise , Bax separated one last bill from the roll and handed it to him .
va	9	Several giant crabs lie awkwardly about the room , large lacerations riddling their formerly lively bodies .
va	8	I see the Goddess ' designs , but I cannot understand , " she pauses , carefully arranging her words .
va	7	He reached for cylinder from his belt , kicked in a supply closet door and pulled the pin .
va	5	" Your child , " the oracle mused , almost dreamily .
va	7	" We have a killing out at the Belmont Lodge Golf Club .
va	6	These dangers we face , we face together . "
va	9	He had as much trouble swallowing as chewing , and the resultant mess streamed down his chin .
va	8	" Sure , let 's have a look at the place . "
va	11	" Amazing winged creatures that soar in the skies , " I replied .
va	11	It would be easy to curl up and sleep .
va	7	I drop the limp body and keep running .
va	9	' You must listen , ' Raphael said reaching for Calvin 's cassette player .
va	5	Missy picked up the schedule .
va	6	" We could set a fire .
va	9	" One country at a time , using our own resources against us . "
va	11	He particularly loved the control the vehicle maintained whilst travelling around corners at high speed .
va	5	The looming problem was their dwindling food supply .
va	7	' Seeing your taste , about a million .
va	11	He flared his wings out , and tilted his head back , letting loose a primordial scream of rage .
va	8	" But Simon , may I just tell you one thing in confidence ?
va	5	Kicked one , too , I think , and - " " Wait . "
va	7	He placed his oil paints onto the stool next to him and stepped closer to me .
va	9	" It all depends on the U.S. Government and the tactics they employ to either help us or destroy us .
va	7	I grabbed Dad 's umbrella by the door and tiptoed across the room .
va	6	His eyes without the glasses looked huge and dark , the lashes like black ink strokes .
va	9	I 'd forgotten they were missing .
va	11	He shoved her up and out of the water , where she began spitting and crying .
va	6	" No , he 's fine , " Bobby shook his head .
va	6	" Yes , it 's a re-built 55 MG TF ... ... cute isn 't it .
va	6	There were no customers , Garcia placed glass cups upside down on the tables .
va	8	" Once the change is complete , you will require sustenance , " the man says .
va	7	His right wrist was twisted at an odd angle .
va	6	Instead , Amy and his father carried out the duty , and admirably so .
va	10	He didn 't believe me until I pointed my gun at ' im .
va	7	An image of me holding her hand , and Lars with Helen were not around .
va	8	George thought about this for a moment .
va	8	These Mayans could have gone back in time .
va	7	What you do comes all the way from your boots and you really care about your audience .
va	9	He flicked through the contents pages until he found a reference for Osaka .
va	7	Only one of them has returned and he sighted nothing . "
va	9	I 'm sure they need your help . "
va	10	Rupert plopped down on a chair in front of the extra-wide flat screen .
va	11	After sitting down , Simon perplexed asked why a professor would be working in a coffee shop ?
va	6	He chalked it up to that adult gene again .
va	8	He had deer hide strips and sinews for the bindings .
va	8	The elaborate act you put up .
va	9	I think you will be most pleased .
va	11	Mostly , Chris remembered Cobb calling the wreck " what we 've discovered . "
va	7	" That ... that mom 's naughty parts are a clown car , " he said .
va	8	I know it was wrong .
va	6	All the same , the ground around us began sloping upwards little by little .
va	5	After a long pause , Leland 's door quietly opened , closed , and locked .
va	6	All around him were red buildings , white buildings , tall buildings , short buildings and even a chapel .
va	6	The next day in English , Ms. Cane walked up to Tori .
va	8	" That 's not a bad idea you know .
va	5	" 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , go ! "
va	6	At least as best we can guess , he thought .
va	6	Then , without warning , he let out a screech , spread his wings , and took flight .
va	11	He seemed relieved to have something to do .
va	10	" When we make a mistake , we do everything in our power to fix it . "
va	7	With an astonished look on her face Gwendolyn moves forward and looks through the transparent bulkheads .
va	7	The latter was frowning into his coffee .
va	10	The pilot assured her the flight would be without incident .
va	9	Another adds , the owners of the voices moving closer .
va	6	" Yes , sir , those soldiers all eventually got paid . "
va	11	The man was protected from every angle you can imagine .
va	7	Two SAS troopers held the alien firmly and the elderly interpreter headed straight for him .
va	9	She paused , then blurted , " What are you so determined about ? "
va	11	Though he was president of the company and its second largest shareholder , the truth was he had very little power .
va	7	' I can say it now , can 't I , now he 's in there ? '
va	5	He also wasn 't a bad shot .
va	7	Taking her hand , he spun her out on to the dance floor once more .
va	7	Her only concern had been for Finn .
va	7	" In the hospital , of course , dear .
va	11	What you 're saying is all I want to do .
va	10	It was not long before the man came down the stream in a hurry .
va	9	It was time to go hunting .
va	7	Missy and Kevin creaked the front door open and tiptoed into the cottage .
va	11	But first there was something I needed to do .
va	8	He couldn 't figure it out at first , but then he understood .
va	6	" The birds are chirping , " her visitor suddenly remarked , wide-eyed .
va	9	They loaded up with coats , helmets , and a five gallon can of water .
va	7	Wind pushed down on her - the down blast from large wings .
va	6	" Hey , mom , hey dad , " Tori said waving .
va	7	Brushing against her scabbard , her fingers touched only leather .
va	8	he said without turning his back .
va	9	Rafe looked vaguely revolted by this description .
va	8	When they do , we need to be ready .
va	9	" Is there something you 're not telling me ? "
va	9	She pressed nine to get an outside line and waited .
va	6	For decades he worked on his project in secret .
va	8	Ron Fernald and Len Doyle sat at a table with their brothers-in-law , talking quietly and drinking beer .
va	8	" Was he still fine when you left ? "
va	8	" They call me Oblivion Girl and like you Cowboy , I got nine lives .
va	9	What I was in dire need of was a bit of Hunter therapy .
va	6	" Why did you not wake me ? "
va	9	They referred to the area by its old name , the Ozark Mountains of Arkansas .
va	9	" I can see your energy , but it 's gray , and there 's not much of it .
va	11	" I 'd like to talk about this first , maybe we 're getting carried away already .
va	7	He recently had a meeting in Brixton with Avi .
va	10	Graves said as he turned to leave .
va	6	" I 'll wear gloves .
va	8	My story 's probably just a little less enigmatic than yours , " Melody replied .
va	9	" Of course , they 're right where the chauffeur left them . "
va	6	" Morning , " she mumbled , and Ted and Dreamer said " Morning . "
va	11	" I went out of my way to get along with her .
va	11	" I know , but if you don 't , I won 't be able to run or even walk ! "
va	7	Words came in a rush from the captive 's ashy lips .
va	10	I heard Reid call out behind me , stumbled and almost lost my footing .
va	7	What can I do for you ? "
va	6	" Exactly , " Adam agreed , " Now where is the food ? "
va	11	" Geoff , did you request Henderson to fly us ? "
va	7	As they all stood silently , a peculiar noise wafted through the warm summer night breeze .
va	8	" So , we have been looking in the wrong place .
va	6	" Third , " she said , " I 'm an equal opportunity feeder . "
va	10	Guess he decided to stay .
va	8	Only one who make money is Qin Lee . '
va	7	Where things add up every time .
va	7	We were here because of Mom 's apartment .
va	6	" Out in the desert ... " Carlos blurted out .
va	11	The business is still growing and will only get more profitable so money will never be an issue .
va	9	I said , " I 'll just get in the way . "
va	5	After that , scared , alone and probably high , the dead one 's companion had fled .
va	9	Dad left early for Spy Games business , so looking like a granny , I pondered how uncooked rice would taste .
va	10	Until I saw that man coming at me like a bat out of hell !
va	6	" All of it , " he said , " the transformed tissue , it dissolves .
va	5	" There is no good anymore , only corruption and rebellion ! "
va	8	The Prince was suddenly airborne , thrown across the clearing .
va	9	He put his wrists in front of him and she tied them up using duct tape .
va	7	Once the trooper was satisfied , he faced them both .
va	6	Unfortunately , after a very short time the previously sneaky attacks became not only more frequent but more ferocious .
va	8	Suddenly , a large object strikes him , bouncing off his shoulder blade like a wayward fastball .
va	7	Throughout Nature , there are countless examples of such symbiotic relationships .
va	5	' The interesting thing is , he did .
va	9	There is a small table in the corner of the room .
va	10	Access to this tower was via either the second tunnel or by another apartment owned by Nicola .
va	8	" That 's what Big Brothers is for . "
va	7	She also had a huge walk-in closet on the same wall as the entry door .
va	10	He spun his chair and headed toward a sitting area outlined by three sleek , black leather couches .
va	5	' Yes , very funny : lights and shouting and all .
va	9	Bethany stood slowly and walked down the path between the trees to the edge of the hollow .
va	9	" It 's good to be here . "
va	8	Flaherty started to speak , but she put a finger to his lips and continued .
va	11	Scott was all smiles at the sheriff 's lack of fear of the coyotes .
va	7	But when he entered the room , he just saw the spiral case and the huge sunken ground .
va	8	Connie , Joyce , and Sam came on the bridge to watch the show .
va	8	The thought made him smile , but in a rueful way that lacked pleasure .
va	7	" With bows and poisoned arrows thirty women could slay all the dragons in the forest . "
va	8	The walk back to a habitable area would take at best , a day .
va	9	We have to fabricate a few more units , but we can have them here in a week . "
va	7	Her frizzy blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail .
va	6	Roberto walked closer to her .
va	11	She retreated and left them to make their life changing decisions .
va	11	Those pictures you showed me are adorable .
va	9	He scrolls through his HUD and finds the channel he needs .
va	11	" It has nothing to do with her family or her background .
va	6	10 Monday , September 5 ( 1 ) Labor Day dawned at last , clear and hot and beautiful .
va	9	Have I not mentioned our house is in peril ? "
va	10	That meant I had to leave .
va	5	Just twisted it a little .
va	11	Turning to her , he saw she wasn 't looking at him , but staring across the room toward something else .
va	10	I 'm surprised he can recognise me .
va	5	Not your family , not Stephanie , not Edwina - " " Edwina knows , " she admitted softly .
va	10	She didn 't want to go inside and get left behind .
va	6	" You know " - Alec 's tone was sour - " maybe this was a stupid experiment . "
va	10	Several large columns rise high into the air at random intervals , each of them holding up nothing in particular .
va	9	You saw what happened to Galilee .
va	7	In a matter of minutes the harpy had collected her things , said goodbye and disappeared .
va	7	After filling the bowl , he smoked in silence .
va	11	All I have to do now is wait .
va	11	He realized he was in the backseat of a car when they hit a bump .
va	10	' Are you looking to take it all the way ? '
va	10	We 'll have a bite to eat and you can tell me about the Bentley .
va	8	But in our line a work , bein ' gentlemen of fortune , the captain 's elected by the crew .
va	11	" It 's in the letter , but I can save you the trouble if you 'd like ? "
va	6	' And forgive me , Lady Sage , for I do not know your name . '
va	11	" I think we need to bump this one up , Charlie . "
va	10	She gave him a weak hug and said thanks as he covered her up and said good night .
va	10	Because what you don 't know is that you 're right , she is worth ten of me .
va	8	This time he was able to stand .
va	8	" Does that make any sense ? "
va	7	As Ted neared the building , he jumped down off of a car roof .
va	10	she said , trying to look innocent .
va	10	Marta froze not knowing what to do .
va	5	The table is all scratched and nicked .
va	7	" Would you please obtain suitable transportation for us ?
va	7	I couldn 't say anymore than that . "
va	10	Atticus struggled with his restraints but couldn 't budge -- I 'd miss him most of all .
va	8	I bet clients love it . "
va	7	" ... put together some wicked searches .
va	9	" Chicken wire can 't stand up to that kind of heat . "
va	7	Fuchs would probably kill them for their failure .
va	7	She raised her eyebrows knowingly , smiled , and tipped the powder into the drink .
va	6	" I love you , too , " she gasped and kissed him again .
va	7	" Let 's finish this together , " she offers , opening her arms .
va	11	he said as he retreated to the back of the hold once more .
va	9	We 've lost everything we had . "
va	6	From behind them several small rats run out from the trees into the open , towards the water .
va	8	Perhaps you may make sense of it .
va	9	Alex laughed back at her as she followed and did the same .
va	9	I really didn 't want for him to leave .
va	8	' Look after her , ' I said , glancing at Reid .
va	6	For now I will play along .
va	7	" I 'm not hunting , and you 're a prisoner , not a visitor . "
va	8	It blew over them directly into the black forest behind them .
va	8	They 're quite close , really -- only half a day 's travel by horse . "
va	7	This time the smell of roasting flesh was sickly sweet , of kobold scent , and I felt sick .
va	6	" You know , this must be really traumatizing .
va	10	I helped Tork to his feet , and we began to walk towards the underground entrance to The Hub .
va	8	" Have you spoken to Kate ? "
va	8	Her eyes met two sapphires sparkling amidst a sea of wrinkles .
va	7	" No , " she replied , " only when we spacewalk .
va	6	Her dress was torn and filthy .
va	11	" You 're only warm because you were with me , and my bed is larger than yours . "
va	8	I have to admit , I have been somewhat careless .
va	6	When you , um , saved me . "
va	10	He heard the crunch of footsteps stumbling over rubble .
va	5	To his surprise the bear emitted a soft growl .
va	8	A messenger , resplendent in the black and scarlet of the king 's guard loomed in the library 's doorframe .
va	5	' Yes , just as I left it . '
va	11	They will have to serve freely for mutual self-preservation , again like our colonial ancestors .
va	8	" I didn 't know where you were . "
va	8	" But ... it is yet some months to the day of the wedding . "
va	8	It was then I realized why the evil has returned .
va	10	The last thing he expected to feel was nothing .
va	6	The moment the hot guy turned around , the crowd started up the noise .
va	6	" What did she tell him ? "
va	11	I got ta keep listening to you more .
va	6	" Oh , yeah , so how 'd you find out ? "
va	8	The first of the injured will be out of their chambers in just a few hours .
va	10	I was hoping she 'd pick up .
va	5	Now , civil war , on the other hand , that made perfect sense .
va	10	He bent down and fished out the money from Miriam 's pinafore , as well as the biscuits and apples .
va	6	Chapter One " This entire plan , " Verity Ames announced , " is a really stupid idea .
va	8	Your clothes , on the other hand , you should take off and rinse them in the flowing water .
va	5	A few seconds later , Belle 's voice softly called out her name .
va	11	Suddenly , he was desperate to get to his sister 's house .
va	10	Rick wanted to comfort her , but couldn 't manage to get up .
va	10	The device was obviously never intended to be beautiful , and nor did it pretend to be .
va	9	Placing the pistol in her briefcase and using Robert 's keys she opened the door into the living room .
va	5	After a second or two pause , he said , " No worries .
va	11	And if he 'd been beaten like you say , he has healed remarkably well . "
va	6	The axe caught an edge and stuck .
va	11	There is a new danger , one that I would not have expected .
va	7	Layla weighed them heavily now , her hand on her sword .
va	10	I knew she shouldn 't have done this .
va	8	Even as I watched breathlessly behind him , the sentry began stamping his feet and clapped his hands together .
va	10	" The man you wounded is the leader of this miscreant band of thugs , " Mike said .
va	11	Claire looked up , surprised , wondering if the shock had affected her vision .
va	6	Adele looked up at the darkening sky .
va	8	If there were an earthquake , at least the beginning of a staircase might still be visible under the wreckage .
va	9	" So you 're just planning on killing me too .
va	9	Kaylie and Alex walked over to the fridge while Anna stuck a movie in the player .
va	8	" I don 't like this , but we have an opportunity here , and John is already in .
va	8	The look slid right off of her and she smiled , a quick sideways quirk of her lips .
va	9	For the first time in as long as Kurt could remember , his father sounded genuine .
va	10	He waited as the man brought up his credentials from the contractor 's registry , seeing his approving nod .
va	9	I haven 't been in Hangar One over there for a month .
va	7	None of your brothers and sisters would have even given it a second glance .
va	8	Rounding the sizeable house and moving through an alleyway , Zelda stops in her tracks as she detects a familiar presence .
va	10	What they would find on their journey , or at their destination , was a complete mystery .
va	7	We 'll become fast friends and go angel hunting together ?
va	8	Bethany nodded , and handed David her rifle and Nathan her pistol .
va	9	" The captain set me straight quickly after he rescued me .
va	9	" I remember why I was in Arizona . "
va	9	It felt like gristle wrapped in sackcloth .
va	10	Why don 't you just admit that you 're whipped and call it a day ? "
va	7	" You are either brave or crazy , " chuckled Ricky , glimpsing at the conference room .
va	11	I 'm scared , but it 's my fault that I didn 't told you from the beginning .
va	10	Rafe felt an extremely foolish smile curve his lips , but was powerless to remove or restrain it .
va	8	There 's a message here ... ... ... for someone anyway . "
va	7	The girl in the middle had a birthmark on her shoulder .
va	9	The boys , having gotten what they sought , were already running away , screaming childish triumph .
va	10	How could I refuse him the pleasure of being a father ?
va	8	' Don 't know , we just went out for some ... exercise , ' Calvin said .
va	5	" No , Marines , Force Recon , " replied the younger man .
va	6	" May I speak with your bride alone for a few moments ? "
va	8	" I am Morten " replied Simon quickly thinking on his feet .
va	5	The Mimosa Land and its residents are not nearly so accommodating . "
va	9	Chris patted him gently behind the ears before putting him back onto the ground .
va	6	" Second platoon , King Company , 26th Infantry , " Dane answered automatically .
va	9	She opened her eyes and saw little creatures in shape of a human .
va	8	They had on helmets , gas masks and were dressed all in black .
va	5	So , yes , I 'm so much better now !
va	7	There was a loud snort from the cook .
va	8	I look at the empty wedge of space in the middle of the bookshelf .
va	7	When it was updated , he turned to Sgt Davis . "
va	9	" A real hero wouldn 't have left them defenseless and suffering like this . "
va	11	Perhaps in confronting these people you will uncover information that is of use to us .
va	6	Ben regularly surprised junior staff members with expert knowledge in multiple disciplines .
va	7	We heard the bolt slide into place and he moved away deeper into the house .
va	7	Miriam subsided , but she shot a dark look at Neil .
va	8	Fuchs now looks exactly like each of you .
va	10	I don 't know if I can say this .
va	9	Landon circled her sword drawn , as grim as death , but the guard paid him no mind .
va	5	No auras around the two men .
va	8	† † † September 26 , 1621 Today the sea was stormy .
va	11	There was nothing in which to take pride .
va	7	" They didn 't find the wine , " David said with a smile .
va	9	We 're an eight man team plus the two of us in here .
va	7	But , who am I to whine about their troubles ? "
va	9	Her tone was carefully neutral but he felt the words held a barb .
va	6	Sergeant Todd paused a few paces away , snarled , and then started forward again .
va	9	The others had sequestered themselves in the rear , speaking in boisterous tones .
va	10	He would be unable to draw it .
va	5	" Yes , I see , Laurence , is it ? "
va	8	I said , " Came out into the reserves a lieutenant . "
va	8	" What 's going on here ? "
va	11	This forms a bond that , unless you 've actually been there , is very difficult to understand .
va	8	" No one has even heard of this Julie person ... " " You 're giving up ? "
va	10	" You can talk in front of my friends , " Mark said .
va	11	I need to stop reacting to him .
va	8	I said it as casually and friendly as I could .
va	11	" We want to adapt this technology as soon as we can . "
va	7	After finishing her meal , she wiped her hands on her robe , leaving yellow stains .
va	11	She said he 'd be two men in one .
va	8	You 'll meet my boss and Joe they 're coming to the Sunday Dog and Parrot gig .
va	7	Next in importance is the instillation of culture and civilization .
va	6	" Then I 'll be back .
va	6	" His loss came as a great blow to us all .
va	10	Before I can be totally honest with you , I need to ask you a few questions . "
va	11	" I can appreciate your desire to work out of Boise .
va	6	" You were both probably in on it .
va	6	Francesca dove in and saved me .
va	7	His voice was perky ; not the reaction Zeal had hoped for .
va	11	Jeff approached the Captain who was standing at the wheel .
va	7	She seemed a little confused , but undaunted .
va	8	A sentry picked them up just east of Liverpool Street and radioed their position to JD and his waiting team .
va	11	I lifted my head off the pillow and stared at the figure that stood there .
va	9	For a second she continued to press against him .
va	11	His men were getting ready to let loose on the machine guns .
va	10	Remember , girls , use the necklace if there is any danger whatsoever to anyone .
va	7	he finally managed to say .
va	7	Thinking of Alfred , Victoria shivered .
va	11	I 'm ordering this ship to go to the front line .
va	5	So please , Eda , please ... no more tonight . "
va	8	Valerian stared over her shoulder , and made a sound indicative of surprise .
va	10	Officers were quickly upon him , handcuffing his hands in front of his body .
va	10	Melody pulled the pistol from the pack and tried to sling the belt around her waist .
va	10	The ship 's doctor took her hand and motioned for her to go to her cabin .
va	8	" Daniel , come look at this , " Tori said and Daniel ran over .
va	6	His head bent slightly forward , his eyes intently watching his fingers pick at his clean nails .
va	8	And when we get back to base I 'm sending you right back to your Luddite family . "
va	7	* * * Beyond the meeting point , jagged rocks led to the marina 's water .
va	6	Silence clots up the air , and , in my experience , that 's never a good sign .
va	8	They were sitting next to a large bay window inside a restaurant .
va	9	I turned to leave and tripped over a brown paper package on the step .
va	11	Neil put them on , along with some soft leather slippers with pointed toes that lay beside the clothes .
va	8	I placed my palm on the chest of one attacker , centre ... release .
va	11	David had insisted that a camera was always pointing down the entrance road , just in case .
va	7	What do you know of it anyway ?
va	5	' Yes , ' Victor 's father replied wearily .
va	8	" We 'll see , " For some reason it made Bethan giggle all the way back to the hostel .
va	9	It was not feigned -- he could sense her compassion for the underlings and her contempt and hatred for their masters .
va	5	" Hey , Uncle Phil , is your shift over or not ? "
va	10	He was careful to apply tape to each corner .
va	7	When she came back , Jones had rolled up the sleeping bags , but remained in place .
va	9	Trinity couldn 't agree with her brother on this one .
va	6	The curved walls , the small window openings , the confined space ... " Are we on a plane ? "
va	9	His was so intent in his search for Adele that at first he did not see his father .
va	9	I saw all this once when we were working there .
va	11	He was especially distraught over the way Kenny 's life was ended .
va	7	In the end , I was found nearly dead by the Exiled Kindred .
va	11	" Look , about a year ago I was still living with my family and some friends .
va	8	They climbed back through the window and Ted led Melody downstairs to his sister 's room .
va	10	Far below the spotter 's position , the mill housed an operation similar to that of the Iron Grenadiers .
va	6	" Uh , maybe , sure , if you think it will help . "
va	10	She had dreaded the day when she would take her last pill .
va	7	He went around the tree and found his way back to the path .
va	8	Suddenly there she was ... in the window . "
va	7	I bowed playfully and jumped back as his kick cut through the air .
va	10	I am learning how to control it now .
va	6	explained Beppe as he felt his saliva building up just at the thought .
va	10	We will provide you with sufficient equipment for you to billet down here .
va	5	Thirteen , fourteen , fifteen .
va	5	Now the effect is so much more daunting . "
va	7	They looked at each other , and simultaneously whispered , " Another bomb ? "
va	6	The next day , they searched the riverbanks miles downstream , the sandbars , and the river islands .
va	10	Elaina looked to Cade , who nodded hesitantly .
va	7	Landon began gathering their things .
va	9	He guessed sunrise was about twenty minutes away .
va	8	After about another twenty minutes Dane pulled to a stop , " Time to loosen that tourniquet again .
va	7	He took Machi 's spear and broke it over his own knee .
va	9	Be dead before she hit the ground .
va	7	" So he 's after a lover , then . "
va	9	Bryony wasn 't sure what was worse .
va	10	" He kind of freaked out when I told him we had a hang fire .
va	9	" You know that dance at the end of the school year , " Daniel continued .
va	7	Bikes whiz past , and I run to the great knotted trees in the center park .
va	6	" I 'm Abby and he is Damian . "
va	9	I don 't think we even register it in the UK . "
va	10	She 'd never been attacked , but the things that lurked in the Wilds had never lurked so persistently before .
va	6	" It 's broad daylight , " he protested over his shoulder .
va	7	One had once been his room , and the other belonged to his sister .
va	10	There will be , of course , a bonus included in your pay .
va	7	The woman turned to Claire and winked , then led the boys from the room .
va	7	" Couldn 't you have done it just as well in the throne room ? "
va	9	Want to be with her .
va	7	She grabbed her cigarette pack off the coffee table , offered him one , and took one for herself .
va	9	It felt warm , almost alive in his hand , so much so he nearly dropped it .
va	8	They said that was very important . "
va	11	She didn 't want to be tied to a job .
va	8	Carter said , " What about Harris ?
va	6	At only one point had they faced any real danger .
va	7	As a matter of fact , much of it is based on the Constitution .
va	7	Moving towards the basement he yelled upstairs , " Boys , get Daisy , she 's under the bed ! "
va	11	Nailed to a large wooden post in the center of the market was the Hangman 's List , recently updated .
va	8	" Those are questions only your mother can answer . "
va	6	At first the Imp blocker box felt light , but after an hour it got annoying .
va	7	Layla hopped back two steps and nearly buckled from the pain .
va	5	" Yes , amazingly , " she responded .
va	7	It was all in Russian .
va	6	The holy man put out his hand , palm turned vertical , and waved it a few times .
va	7	I said , making Abby thinking .
va	11	" But I know that 's not why you 're here today .
va	9	She was supposed to watch him .
va	8	In the middle of the desert there was a ship roasting in the sun .
va	6	The green and grey costume from the ball still clung to me like dirt .
va	11	This is what we are going to do .
va	8	Then he felt a whisper of a breeze on the back of his neck .
va	6	" Jesse , from Team Two , his wife , Saber , talked about her a few times . "
va	11	I felt my heart begin to beat faster .
va	11	What I didn 't see was Essa standing further into the forest watching from the trees .
va	5	" Yes , he does , " he said quietly .
va	7	" Uncle Mike and Gavin will be here in a minute .
va	11	We do what 's best for us because we have no other rational alternative .
va	9	Did you blast and burn your way out , blow open some doors , what ? "
va	6	" Your majesty , I don 't think -- " " Grace Poseidon , man , " King Merrick interrupts Murphy .
va	10	He expected her to point somewhere but instead , she came forward slowly , her hand still extended .
va	11	The going was harder , suited to a man on foot but less suited to a rider on horseback .
va	9	How much more liquid hydrogen will be needed for a second thruster ? "
va	9	I stepped forward , the blade shoving him to the ground .
va	11	If he didn 't want to tell me , means that he had a good reason for it .
va	9	Nodding pointedly at Ward , the two men strode off , expecting Ainsworth to follow .
va	11	It was I who had questions for you .
va	7	Flipping it open , he examined it .
va	6	Nightmares still woke me during the night .
va	9	Tell the doorman Benny sent you .
va	10	Remember , long ago those that left and spread their wings over other lands .
va	10	They stood in place straining to hear , what , they did not know .
va	7	She saw Mark staring at her .
va	7	They could hear loud voices outside the bedroom door .
va	8	Allow me to be more direct .
va	9	" Let 's have a long cocktail , I 'm really quite thirsty , " Sophia suggested .
va	7	T had mentioned a slight , brief orientation period upon arrival .
va	11	" We 're going to die here , Dave , " said one .
va	9	" And why would any radioactive matter be the concern of the NSA , Mr. Bishop ? "
va	11	Whatever you try and do in life , there is always something that can knock you flat .
va	10	Oskar , the Courtier I knocked out in the palace , may well have recognized my voice .
va	6	" Not for awhile , " she admitted .
va	6	I woke up this morning , and it had just vanished .
va	8	" No injuries have been reported , " came the response from somewhere within the control centre .
va	6	In a corner , the confused little four-year-old Louise , Cesare 's only legitimate heir , played with a wooden doll .
va	10	" That would be the answer that makes the most sense . "
va	10	I have to leave the door open or they might suspect . "
va	11	" This is the same aura that was controlling those drones and the same that possessed my General . "
va	8	I snapped my eyes about , searching for the cry .
va	5	In the dim cabin light her pouting lips and feline eyes were very seductive .
va	7	" You were not dead and they 're not angels , " he added .
va	8	The only choices were move forward or move back .
va	9	" I found the scones but where can I find a root beer float ? "
va	8	The Angel could see how proud they both were .
va	7	Rick strode to the computer and settled comfortably into his cushioned chair .
va	5	Well in my case , that was a huge problem .
va	10	That 's why he could reconnect the battery to his Imp .
va	10	You have to love ignoring them .
va	8	There wasn 't much time , and he really needed to think .
va	9	There was nobody to depend upon .
va	7	It is strong and has aged many years .
va	8	Her daughters understood , but the others , the husbands , either didn 't understand or disagreed with everything .
va	11	' Bloody hell mate , that was good of you . '
va	8	What 's happening to me ?
va	8	But the dog seemed more excited than nervous , wagging its tail happily behind him .
va	7	' Well ... ' Calvin said , ' You 're a record company . '
va	5	On the other side , in my living room , was my family .
va	8	They looked around , becoming aware of their predicament .
va	8	" Ha , ha , " Riki jeered , pointing at him .
va	10	And then she may have bit his brother , to be fair .
va	9	He closed his eyes and then opened them again , sighting on his target .
va	5	At this point , we do not know .
va	10	Wiggle your toes and move your legs -- try to warm up .
va	7	" Well there is nothing much in it .
va	11	Am I not to know what it means ? "
va	11	" Now she is content to be with child ... now , hopefully , with dark hair like me .
va	6	Lena stood paralyzed in confusion .
va	6	' Just like a rainbow ' , I thought to myself .
va	7	You 're going back to the motel . "
va	10	I 'm withdrawing into the dam and will try to hold , but it doesn 't look likely .
va	6	He doesn 't answer , only brings his sharpened trident to attention next to his side .
va	11	" I don 't want all of you to get into trouble , " Alejo said quietly .
va	10	She trembled with fear , yet was happy she was back .
va	6	" Only the spell of my irresistible charm , " he assured her with a roguish grin .
va	10	By the time she was hidden by the branches on the far side , he was already mounted and moving south .
va	9	My vessel reappeared , no longer a board but now resonating wings .
va	5	Jack and Joe Jack were artists .
va	9	Gan wished he could be so casual .
va	9	I recognized it , a scarf with threads of a paisley blue and yellow , and the lady had brown hair .
va	9	For the first time in his many years , he was beginning to feel his age .
va	10	They sat down and ate a very pleasant meal while Archie and Mr Gallop hammered out a deal .
va	11	He didn 't relish the prospect of taking on Walker .
va	9	Amy shrieked when her mum explained that Danny and just hung up .
va	7	When he reached me he ripped off his trench coat and wrapped it around me .
va	8	She asks , listening more intently herself .
va	7	Gabriel was the mastermind behind the whole thing , providing all the technical support .
va	9	For weeks , she had seen a side of him that she adored and loved .
va	6	Isabelle took his hand , the one Alec wasn 't holding , and pressed it fiercely .
va	10	I guess it 's a bit late for that .
va	10	Are we going to crash ? "
va	11	She was fairly certain that the new missus wanted her to perform a search .
va	5	" That , I can 't find .
va	8	The Great Mother wails in her temple on the Ice Plane .
va	8	" Gabe , " I say , and he lifts his head , chipmunk cheeks filled with cheeseburger bits .
va	11	Kill whoever tries to harm her .
va	6	But then his hand reached up and took off his mask .
va	7	Her eyes closed , and her head turned on the pillow .
va	8	She admonished Cade with a shake of her finger .
va	6	He wore green , hooded leather shirt and trousers with a buckle belt holding both at his waist .
va	10	I know it was how I was .
va	6	The dark , piercing eyes finally fell on me .
va	7	Fly to the palace and tell him . "
va	10	Looking around , Claire realised she was the only woman in her raft .
va	6	" Who found him ? "
va	6	The phoenix flew out of the window with a soft squeaked .
va	7	Want to see it ? "
va	9	Even if it means giving voice to the monster .
va	7	She gripped the microphone like a lover and whispered enchanted melodies into its echoing ear .
va	11	They were nearing the last 50,000 feet , where they had done the many practice flights .
va	5	No Fallen , no demons , no fear , just me and my wonderful dream .
va	6	I struggled , but he was too strong .
va	10	I know it helps her sing better .
va	9	On the road , he had seen two men stumbling in the dark .
va	6	In such a case and in such circumstances , the guidance of the experienced partner Gourmet Heron was most appreciated .
va	9	Already prepared to jump , Rift promptly loses his balance as a hurricane of strikes pelt his head and torso mercilessly .
va	11	" Or at the very least if you must feel sorry for someone , feel sorry for the horses .
va	9	Okay , we all know helmets are probably a good idea but it isn 't the point .
va	7	More shapes were appearing around them , some were vehicles and some were men .
va	9	He fired back and heard the whine of his bullet as it smashed off a rock .
va	8	Within minutes , all that was left was the large black ax and an empty case of armor .
va	9	she asked , interrupting my drifting mind , and wrenching it back to reality .
va	7	John shot a quick look to me , but I just raised my eyebrows and offered a minute shrug .
va	11	To people who hadn 't seen full supermarket shelves in years it bordered on the obscene .
va	6	" Roshan was a good man , " he finally went on .
va	6	The day of Christmas Eve dawned bright , crisp , and clear .
va	6	" Besides , it 's just a little family squabble , " Eros said with a strange glint in his eyes .
va	7	' But look , there 's a light , ' Raphael said leading the way .
va	10	She says turning him to face her .
va	7	When his hand encountered the object , he picked it up and smiled .
va	6	Who could the intruder have been ?
va	10	" You were right , " Rob said , " and I think they 've got a flashlight .
va	7	' Make sure we destroy the virus , ' he murmured .
va	10	He tried to roll back from the edge , but something was blocking him .
va	7	Best to just sit tight and ride it out .
va	6	" Tell me the story , " she whispered .
va	6	" The hallways are crazy right now , " Melissa informs us .
va	9	There were too many voices for it to simply be the crew .
va	8	The faces were grim and determined -- set like stone .
va	7	By sundown , the sound of firing was dying down , his stomach was growling and his throat was parched .
va	8	" The police called off the search for me yesterday , " I tell him .
va	11	Or maybe chocolate chip cookies from his mom -- if the story about his family were true .
va	5	But finally , at last , the big ones demand answers , too .
va	8	He wanted to pull it .
va	10	he said as Paul wandered over to look .
va	9	They watched the boys glance toward the lodge then scurry off to the woods .
va	8	Relief washed over me at the sight of her .
va	7	Roberto only answered the necessary questions and did not offer any further details .
va	5	April 21 , 1850 Dear Diary , What a blissful , delightful day !
va	11	Do you know what that means ? "
va	9	Her eyes were glowing strangely and a smile played at the corner of her mouth .
va	7	" Yes , it ... it is pretty good , " she replied , some of her exuberance disappearing .
va	10	I see the hint of recollection in your eyes but I suspect that my task is nowhere near complete .
va	9	He knew how long it would take her .
va	7	Since then , the staff kept the facility in as good working order as possible .
va	8	Rafe 's eyes met his a steely light in their depths .
va	9	His lie had burnt him a little and he was embarrassed , but he was also relieved .
va	8	Billy took hold of a microphone and walked out onto the empty ballroom floor .
va	9	" These are not like the dead walkers of my country , " she said , occasionally choking on her tears .
va	8	His voice was tightly reined , taut as a drawn bowstring .
va	6	" Matthew started it , sir , " began Fat George , all humble and respectful .
va	11	' I 've done nothing wrong , why are you arresting me ?
va	7	" So , your brother and I spent a lot of time together on this mission .
va	10	That didn 't mean that he was an actual army major but it did give him a place in the hierarchy .
va	11	" There 's something I need to try . "
va	8	Homeward Bound made an uneventful passage the weather and wind remained in our favor .
va	11	I guess they thought I was dead .
va	10	The events in DC and Europe are more than enough reason to justify this operation under the counter terrorism act . '
va	10	As we moved through the building 's labyrinth of corridors , the great hall loomed before us .
va	10	He should get back to the plaza so he wouldn 't miss her .
va	6	Just then , an artillery simulator detonated near the perimeter .
va	6	" Then when we attack , that ship and its crew must be our priority .
va	7	Weaving in and out of the tourists , I raced to the first floor .
va	8	You agree to my proposal now or you reject it now , there is no in between .
va	9	There is a second brow and just after that , a second gate , so you won 't see much .
va	10	Harald 's face was expressionless as the man was torn apart outside the castle door .
va	10	But I 'm not letting her get on some bus or taxi alone , like this .
va	6	" Gather ' round , boys and ghouls , " said Kristin in a high-pitched , screechy witch voice .
va	5	Then suddenly for no apparent reason the cat let out a loud howl .
va	10	To Ryan , the message said that the cargo had been delivered and the two men picked up .
va	8	Once he was on the upper deck the men had been congratulating him the whole day .
va	9	" It says here she 's attached to the embassy . "
va	11	Or if you prefer to sleep in the car , I don 't mind .
va	9	I had to let him know , officially .
va	10	We 've received some applications , as you know , but nothing that really lights my fire .
va	8	Then he entered the room , brandishing his sword , and three other men followed him in .
va	5	Not safe on that road . "
va	9	" Well , how 's it going ? "
va	8	I want to make my own career . "
va	10	Camden had no clue how his sister had pulled that little miracle off .
va	11	" They worry we will use our abilities against them , " Aria says .
va	7	" This is Tracy , she 's nine , and her sister , Noelle , is your age . "
va	5	" Centuries -- " " We 're all immortal , Marshal .
va	9	I need to attend to my training . "
va	8	It made him even more attractive to her .
va	8	And you , " she added to Miriam , " you are -- you are -- ! "
va	5	" And maybe a few odd jobs . "
va	9	He 'd have to get his own hands dirty this time .
va	8	She chased him out of the cave -- cursing him for all she was worth .
va	8	However , he had never actually placed them , their personalities , above each other .
va	7	It was roughly circular in shape , with concrete and steel walls , and observation booths high above the main floor .
va	8	" But ... " she managed , " But you have to be !
va	7	On the forward deck a crewman was lashing the cover back on the machine gun .
va	5	" Oh , so it 's a maneuver now , huh ? "
va	10	Are you still holding on to that satchel ? "
va	5	" Off we go , " she said .
va	6	It just kind of hurt them really , really , really , really bad !
va	9	You 'll sleep through the best part of the day .
va	8	They gathered their packs and left the cool shade of the low trees .
va	5	' Khalid Aziz , at your service my lord ! '
va	5	No , that was ridiculous .
va	6	Like he was alone in his bedroom or something .
va	10	Prepare yourself to be transported to new and fantastical worlds .
va	8	" Da , sure isn 't that the American lady coming in to town ? "
va	6	" I 'm only here for my wife and children , sir . "
va	10	before standing and ushering myself out of Compartment 12A and onto the bustling Dover platform .
va	11	We crawled along it as quietly as we could , our breaths coming hard and fast in the enclosed space .
va	8	What is amiss with Finan ? "
va	8	We were losing altitude and going into a dive .
va	6	The cabbie gives him a second and then asks , " Student ? "
va	8	Light comes to his useless eyes ; everything is wrapped in dense fog .
va	8	There was just another cry , as if for help .
va	7	The other was taken alive . "
va	7	The Captain and Staff Captain were part of the layout consultations right from the start .
va	8	Their eyes glow a dead blue , like a full moon on a windless night .
va	9	She is the wife of an esteemed ambassador to Rome . "
va	9	The Princess convinced him to distance himself from Castle Town .
va	9	She stared at the message for several moments , then closed it .
va	6	Alone together , we wound upwards along the path through the forest .
va	11	He could accept that they took a scourge on honest people and at least controlled it .
va	7	" Where there is life , " the big man rumbled , " there is hope .
va	8	Our closest neighbor was about a mile away and we didn 't see anyone for quite a while .
va	9	Her pixie face pulled down in a frown , making the cold in the shade a degree cooler .
va	10	Now that the battle was over , the wounds he 'd received had begun to sting with a vengeance .
va	10	However , he knew that something terrible must have happened ashore .
va	6	" Candace , " he corrects , " and , yes , we 've met . "
va	10	Clearly , he is not among those reconciled to the Invasion .
va	5	" Farewell , Friend and Saviour , farewell , " said both voices .
va	10	Vincenzo nodded , his gaze shifting to the sky outside the hangar doors .
va	8	Martin was very taken with the place though , so it should be in good condition .
va	10	They would scramble down the sheer faces of the cliffs to bathe in the river .
va	9	Chase was leaning on the bole of the deep-rooted tree .
va	9	You are doing so exceptionally well , you can allow yourself to relax a little . "
va	7	With his hands behind him , David was defenseless but he met the gypsy 's stare .
va	6	In New York it was never this blue , there it was always white , grey or black .
va	9	Miriam rose from her seat , her indignation expanding her chest .
va	8	Except when I kinda liked it .
va	10	Miriam asked " He spends all his time blabbing with that woman . "
va	11	Two years before she had given up trail riding for good -- or so she believed .
va	6	In fury and fear , her young , untried power slapped out , struck as true as the stone .
va	8	It was well enough that they did .
va	7	' No , ' Anna replied , shaking her head firmly .
va	9	I think you 're dead on . "
va	5	" No room there , Greg , " Julie said .
va	6	" Hey y ' all , thanks for the concern and the help you 've selflessly offered . "
va	11	Miriam squinted her eyes , as the tiny room was well lit compared to the dark hall .
va	6	Heck , you might even like it !
va	9	He should have run out of the previous dose about five days ago . "
va	11	Just in time he caught sight of the warning in Rafe 's eyes , and decided better of it .
va	6	Eben and King Ignis followed Sir Leif across the marble floor toward the Duke .
va	10	To see what I could do . "
va	11	You see any I 'll take care of them .
va	7	And so , the roadblocks to Barney 's plans were at an end . "
va	6	When the two stood , Chris said , " You know Sarah , right ? "
va	9	He stood , gasping , panting , his heart pounding in his chest .
va	9	I don 't think that 's a good idea ! "
va	9	" David will lead , and also go up alone and scout it out for us .
va	10	She staggered to her feet , bumping the lunch tray and sending cool tea splashing over the rice .
va	8	Maria was still in her lab coat , clutching her shotgun with anxiety .
va	5	" The reboot takes some time . "
va	7	I was with Kurt and the Fuchs brothers .
va	11	The blood pooled around the end of the stump as the assistant released the cloth holding the muscle .
va	8	Shaking off the blow , he is back on his feet in seconds , looking for another opening .
va	7	I had the gas mask resting on my head and the tear gas belts still draped around my chest .
va	8	" Please don 't , " I say or try to say .
va	7	" We will go with you . "
va	6	We stare at each other .
va	9	Cade rolled over to study her face , and she didn 't move back despite his nearness .
va	5	As always , she radiated neatness and cleanness .
va	7	" You are on the right track , John .
va	10	Chapter 13 : John Kisses Good The next morning Lilly Ann was in especially high spirits .
va	8	Joshua was right about the bodies attracting the wild dogs , but that was not all bad .
va	6	And that girl wouldn 't challenge her dad .
va	10	" Well , what do you know ? "
va	10	But the most important thing is that she understands everything about Karma .
va	7	Go find some rank and then get back here . "
va	10	The massive stone rumbled as it effortlessly slid back and up into the ceiling , exposing a more natural-looking cave .
va	8	Kurt Weber is a Courtier , one of their best .
va	7	His eyes danced and his lips smiled without mercy .
va	10	Beppe started asking , but was not given the opportunity to finish .
va	9	" Okay , this is starting to really freak me out .
va	9	I stormed through his bedroom , closets , and kitchen looking for something , anything .
va	11	Plus he gave me presents each time I visited .
va	6	Not much to it really . "
va	9	He pointed his long brown trigger finger up at the sky , like he was naming a target .
va	6	The slogan on his T-shirt read : " Kimchi Cures Bird Flu . "
va	7	An animal terror was present in his scarred , haggard face .
va	9	She moved determinedly in that direction , but as she reached for the flap , something made her check .
va	11	" Why do you think we are heading to heaven ? "
va	5	" He is still very hot . "
va	11	Sneed kept lying down while he read instructions on the heads-up display .
va	10	Then put it on the stove until you hear it steam and sputter .
va	6	The back door is unlocked , and the security alarm is dead .
va	6	' Please call me John ' .
va	9	I see the light coming , but I just stand there , dumb as a rock .
va	8	Hell take me if I know , " Brand said .
va	10	He explained to me that the recruiters visit small towns in the countryside and talk to the young guys .
va	9	There were also a number of priests among their descendants .
va	11	It wasn 't long before he felt a finger poke his side .
va	10	It 's hard to explain but the results of it are what we 're experiencing now . "
va	11	It was closer to the color of the burning gas than anything .
va	7	Which ones did I need to access ?
va	10	He motioned for us to go first , so Phillip took the lead .
va	8	Rick stopped and turned , getting down on one knee .
va	7	' Of course , ' said Amy , ' it 's just reopened under new management . '
va	11	" Listen , " Conway said , " there 's something you ought to know . "
va	6	Cadet Pry , you bring up the rear , " the Captain ordered through the ear piece .
va	5	" And you , my lady . "
va	7	They both worked in your husband 's office in Kuching . "
va	5	Already gotten him , the boy , Malcolm , her given charge .
va	7	He snatched it up and leaped down the stairs three at a time to the ground level .
va	8	For her , that meant a sharp inhalation of air , and her eyes wide open .
va	10	Mr. Clancy would be there ; he always was and it seemed he always would be .
va	10	It seemed to be a curse of mine .
va	8	After seeing Marlon deal with those two from the Hippodrome I couldn 't put up with someone cowardly . '
va	9	He grew hesitant as his face became flushed , his hands suddenly cold .
va	8	The danger on this side of the wall was all too obvious , however .
va	9	He continued speaking under his breath , praying .
va	7	" The Wolves asked for a meeting with Yin and he granted them one .
va	7	a normal day ... . .
va	11	He raised both hands gave them two thumbs up , then nodded and winked at Victoria .
va	6	" This night I will not forget , " he said .
va	8	He expected to be shot .
va	6	I searched for him all over the island .
va	10	" Why should you care what the posh idiots at this school think ? "
va	7	I stepped to his hand and pressed my face to it and let him in .
va	7	Does that sound familiar ? "
va	8	" Because you 're too smart to want to die . "
va	9	" Yes , it is Pedro , and I hope he is still alive .
va	5	" The door , " he shot back .
va	8	" Your story is worthy of a song , " Brand said .
va	9	Donovan sat down next to her on a log rolled up to the campfire .
va	7	The next day , he 's threatening me , and the slightest mention of my name sends him into a rage .
va	11	Besides , it would allow him a continuous rest , one not interrupted in the middle for his stand .
va	7	She kissed my face , and then brushed her lips along the skin to my neck .
va	8	Epilogue Ethan Schweitzer was dead tired , but proud of his accomplishments .
va	8	When she released him and pulled back , Scott saw question in her face .
va	6	" Come , my Lady , we 'll find an inn .
va	7	" We have done enough !
va	6	So I just - " " Stop , " Zayne said , squeezing my hand gently .
va	8	Would they keep up the attack , he wondered .
va	9	The ray in the sky began to get brighter and broader .
va	11	" But think of the opportunities it will bring , " said Bill .
va	7	Any launch failure during a drill was grounds for an internal command investigation .
va	9	" Doctor , get down to medical and take care of that arm , " Jason orders .
va	7	Soft lighting painted the interior walls of the tavern in muted shadows .
va	8	After breakfast Lilly Ann showed Taylor the magical world of her under staircase walk in closet .
va	11	' Sorry love , have you got everything packed ? '
va	10	Reggie and Janice made the trip from Murray to Paducah for the regular JP County Cooperation Council in three leisurely days .
va	7	" That 's a maybe , " Sarah said and she and James left .
va	9	Ferns were looking hardy , having recovered from the frosty winter .
va	8	Sure enough a veil dropped across Josh 's face and his eyes lost their sharp focus .
va	10	It didn 't look like she had changed at all .
va	5	So ; sitting room downstairs , also a kitchen and a tiny utility room .
va	5	" Your dinner , Miss Miriam , " he said .
va	8	" Is that what you call them ? "
va	10	Two days later Tony took the BMW , turned up the M40 in the direction of Oxford .
va	7	Meanwhile , politicians will argue , engineers and physicists will analyse the captured vessels and companies will leverage the new technology .
va	8	He adds with an unintentional degree of pessimism .
va	7	They followed him down the hallway and through the lovely reception area / living room .
va	8	General Motors , I have never owned anything but GM automobiles and trucks throughout my life .
va	8	- Episode 28 - " Half a hammer , " Mal found himself cursing once more .
va	11	" We 've got to be ready for anything .
va	10	There are a lot of people looking for you both . "
va	6	Not far from the base location , they have found the military base nearby .
va	5	After some minutes , she was weak and powerless again .
va	11	Every few seconds , his hand would run through his hair in the typical show of male frustration .
va	7	My screen lit up like a Christmas tree about twenty minutes ago . "
va	10	He could see where the bullet had entered but the face was completely destroyed .
va	11	Do you have a problem with that ? "
va	9	I 'll have it on your pad in sixty seconds . "
va	9	For some time it seemed as though his fears were groundless , and they continued through the peaceful forest unhindered .
va	10	And these people , you ... what were you people ?
va	9	" I take that back ; you are a very strange man , Harald , " Brand said .
va	8	" OK , let 's watch a movie , " Rick attempted to change the subject .
va	10	They also ended up eating all of Daisy 's dog food .
va	7	" Fine , I 'll tell you , " said Tasha , clapping her hand , clearing the throat .
va	7	" And if all goes well ... we 'll need an extra seat or two at the table . "
va	11	He knew times were tough for him and his mother .
va	9	" No apology needed , I 'm not exactly getting the hang of it myself . "
va	6	At one point , the clatter of horse hooves pelted up the road .
va	8	" And neither can you or me , Hennessy . "
va	6	I pulled my coat together and folded my arms .
va	6	The food is pretty good and the booze is cheap . "
va	9	At the bottom is a small room with a floor of mud and moss .
va	11	He asks , starting toward the door , stepping between the bits of rubble .
va	5	Every meeting , every action , and every outcome has a meaning .
va	10	The giant wanted to go out and hunt , but the captain refused to give them any ammunition .
va	10	" He would 've got rid of the child if it were a Wolf . "
va	10	' Look , we just want to talk to them , ' said Reid .
va	5	" Actually there is , " said Brazen .
va	5	No hatred , no malicious gossip , no judgment , jealousy , or criticism .
va	9	" But why isn 't the angel moving on or at least spreading out the kills to multiple locations ? "
va	5	" No heat signatures and no life signs . "
va	8	" Found these in your plane Sir .
va	10	I rose from my seat when she stood up abruptly and ran from the room .
va	11	Say you want to kill me !
va	8	" Four different vehicles ... " A side door opens from the house , and two men emerge into the daylight .
va	6	Luckily for all , in the current containers there were a few perfect desks , and one even had a key .
va	10	Just because she was terrified didn 't mean these men were necessarily a threat to her .
va	7	Chris looked at her getup and just shrugged .
va	9	Just as quickly as his frustration flared , it faded into wonder .
va	6	My Cisco , her hand on his arm .
va	9	Take the rest of the afternoon off , and I 'll see you bright and early tomorrow morning . "
va	10	Men my age will remember that his mother , like him , refused to befriend anyone .
va	9	He seemed to be everywhere at once , in front , behind , to either side .
va	7	We 'd go alone , but we 'd go .
va	10	" We don 't have to go back , " he managed to state calmly through the abuse .
va	9	Some five feet below him the mighty head crashed terribly but futilely through the leaves .
va	7	Descending the winding staircase was a massive mountain of a man .
va	9	Can you print out some of those maps in case that old laptop dies ? "
va	6	We can stay here . "
va	10	It had turned out that he really was a very good person .
va	10	There will be no more tongue grabbing at the table ; understood ? "
va	11	You must find some way to get inside of it ! "
va	9	Maybe I 'd end up on a YouTube video , get like a million hits , and wind up on TV .
va	11	You can 't convince the people to trust you , because you 're not one of them .
va	9	To the contrary , Shadow 's mandated time between missions had to be at least 3 months .
va	11	" I did not want to risk Francesca overhearing my conversation .
va	9	Not enough to do any major damage , but enough to cause memory loss .
va	6	He nodded to his team to bind , gag and hood the five policemen .
va	5	" Um , last time I checked , I was all human .
va	7	The normal bright blue of his energy is muddied and pale , but it 's stable .
va	10	Was this the lesson she had to learn today ?
va	7	" Ladies first " I said , being a gentleman , opening the glass door for her to enter .
va	8	More like running , " he accuses , crossing his arms and becoming more comfortable .
va	11	Chris almost smiled , thinking about all the time travel movies he 'd seen .
va	8	They looked like a row of prison cells .
va	10	Connor wasn 't sure if he was buying into the analogy .
va	5	' Only you , Mrs. Douglas , not Lord Cameron , ' she said . "
va	5	" And what would that be ? "
va	11	Perhaps their friendship was based on nothing more than the fact that they knew each other .
va	6	' Crazy , my best female friend in love with me ? '
va	11	" Sir , just to ensure I understand your proposal before I deliver it .
va	11	Clint hoped this was the way it worked .
va	11	There 's bound to be another attack on the king . "
va	9	His mind does not seem to work well .
va	11	Her eyes blinked in the dark to take him in and she whispered , " Hey , what is wrong ? "
va	7	" Just put them on , honey , " he told her .
va	5	Now only see him every so often . "
va	10	Want to know what he wins ?
va	9	The changes Taylor saw in Lilly Ann were gradual , yet dramatic .
va	6	Beneath them were engraved the letters CNRS and the numbers 129 .
va	5	One friend , Frank , was available .
va	5	They experienced lust , greed , envy , rage , pride , hate , despair .
va	8	They were now in dangerous lands and could ill afford any encounter with the black troops .
va	5	Since your last homecoming , that is . "
va	10	She swung around , searching for the source of his alarm .
va	9	It 's nice to be back . "
va	8	Still there are months to leap .
va	9	" And now you will train to kill reluctantly .
va	9	Want to go down to the creek ?
va	10	Give them something to do , give them purpose , and they are yours to command .
va	10	" One of ' em said this guy Finn was looking for me .
va	7	' Good , just keeping my eyes open for those people I was talking to last time .
va	11	" Rafe knows how to look after himself , Lady Adele . "
va	11	Chalky , in his infinite wisdom , has detailed me to service that plane of theirs tonight .
va	10	" Good point but no there is no volcano that blew its top here , guys . "
va	10	A flash of steel shot through the air and sank into the Prince of Oxen 's neck .
va	7	That 's why I left .
va	10	" I 've read about this kind of thing happening but it was always fiction .
va	8	If things came to a fight , I 'd be ready .
va	8	" Sarah , let 's stay calm , okay ? "
va	6	Anticipating his request , Nurse Edwards handed him the instrument immediately .
va	8	As I landed , the vessel went into hibernation to repair itself .
va	10	It was midmorning and the sun was warming up the air into a sultry type of day .
va	9	Had she understood any of that , or had that thing already destroyed her mind ?
va	5	" Yeah , man , " Tiago rushed on .
va	9	The Angel was the first to speak : " Your children need your help .
va	7	I wouldn 't put anything past these men .
va	11	This section of the road was in a curve with wooded hills rising on both sides of him .
va	7	" Hi John , have you asked Lilly yet ? "
va	6	Shaking his head , Cade tossed the saddlebags he onto the floor .
va	9	Don 't worry , once I 'm done with them I 'll come back to finish you off . "
va	9	His action was designed to provoke , and Rafe 's hands clenched into fists .
va	10	Surely there could be a better way to claim the money back .
va	8	Blood began dripping from his clipped ear .
va	9	A burst of light from the room filled the darkness , and a tall , slight man rushed out .
va	6	Rick nodded , " Yes , honey , show the captain your necklace .
va	6	" Yes , indeed they are , " Mana said .
va	9	Farmer complained , " I can 't leave without it . "
va	5	It all suddenly seems so vast .
va	8	When those wide eyes landed on us though , a glimmer of hope crept onto her face .
va	10	But that didn 't look like it was happening anytime soon .
va	7	He could smell food and rubbing his eyes he wandered into the kitchen .
va	9	We have to save Stacy , " Sarah said .
va	10	" Do they know who you are ? "
va	9	After dinner they settled in the lounge in front of the fire and watched the movie .
va	5	Probably just some seaweed , " he whispered reassuringly .
va	5	But here , in the jungle , the leopard was king .
va	9	What does it mean to be biosynthetic ? "
va	10	When enough of these signals of good would be won , then the star would be returned .
va	11	He said it like he was bored .
va	5	" It 's not your choice anymore Gabe .
va	6	Everyone is dead , Alejo thought .
va	11	" And you don 't think me wearing a mask would work ?
va	6	Not a single light outside , and the murky sky tossed off thick shadows .
va	7	On the other hand , these men have proven rather insistent .
va	10	All I want is for the Pentagon to take little notice of my operation .
va	11	Victoria decided it was time to intervene .
va	6	Even small rocks on the asphalt didn 't bother him .
va	8	The woman named Tate laughed harshly .
va	6	He had long red hair and a thicker body than the other two boys .
va	10	Gave you wounded to care for .
va	8	To the boys ' complete surprise for the first time since meeting him the Angel was evidently agitated .
va	7	When the bell finally rang , he grabbed his books and quickly stuffed them into his backpack .
va	8	He was sweating profusely under the strain , as were they all .
va	8	" Those are almost always meant for me , " Duke said .
va	10	Elaina frowned , staring at the floorboards in thought .
va	11	" I think it was to fool someone .
va	9	I need to get going .
va	9	" And the one you wounded will probably die anyway so he 's a good second choice . "
va	11	" Do you think it will work ? "
va	7	The driver was younger with dark hair . "
va	11	I know you had to do it .
va	9	Sidney showed me an easy way to get down .
va	9	Mac wasn 't sure what to say .
va	9	The room seemed to close in on her .
va	9	And kill him when you 're done . "
va	8	Joshua 's mind raced quickly and he thought back over his conclusion again .
va	7	Kaylie asked , half curious , half worried .
va	7	He closed the doors , turned and embraced me in a tight hug .
va	6	A bulky guy with dark brown hair and sun glasses jogged over to us .
va	8	Without all those contacts , I can 't get passports , visas , anything . "
va	10	That 's what I like to see .
va	6	Gabe asks over and over again , " Where is she ?
va	8	The people inside the tavern , turned to them with curious look on their eyes .
va	9	The clouds billowed out to fill the studio and peals of thunder shook the building .
va	10	" My mother had been killed by the sorcerer named Skull .
va	10	I needed to start traveling prepared .
va	5	" When did this happen ? "
va	7	You may have saved the kingdom . "
va	7	He felt a sharp tug on his tunic and turned absently .
va	10	" What is it that we are looking for ? "
va	9	" I try my best , especially when things turn grim .
va	10	" It says you have to " said Vivian .
va	8	" Okay , okay , don 't get your panties in a twist , Powers ! "
va	10	I 'll give it a hug if it gets lonely . "
va	10	" Speaking of which , we should find something to get that off , " said Logan .
va	9	He had a bushy red mustache that matched his flamboyant hair .
va	5	" Don 't they typically hold campus jobs for ... seasoned students ? "
va	7	" Your office is on the second floor , no ?
va	7	He sat up straight , back stiff .
va	8	There was no time to lose .
va	11	" Are you going to introduce me to your friends ? "
va	10	Chapter 2 -- Back tracking " What in heaven 's name is that ? "
va	8	" We certainly tend to go our own ways .
va	9	" More likely that it will pinch your fingers , " he said , but he relented .
va	9	Finally , he tears a large portion of his cloak , revealing some of his tattered , dirty shirt beneath .
va	11	- Anyway I have to take care of one thing .
va	9	" You 'll have to come back ! "
va	7	he asked breathlessly looking about .
va	9	Hailey did not know why , but it was the way it her younger brother and now Mariposa responded .
va	8	He sat in the rear of her canoe , as they traveled downriver .
va	7	Another clap of thunder sounds , and a glowing form catches his eye .
va	9	The orange glow of a cigarette flared into life , casting shadows under his brow and across his crooked nose .
va	5	" You came , " answered a voice , deep and serious .
va	9	They could not imagine what he was talking about .
va	5	" Oh , very well , " she groaned .
va	8	When the boy continued wriggling , he added , " Look at me ! "
va	11	Gan was caught unawares , still staring when she turned quickly .
va	6	Maybe he kept laptops in here too .
va	6	Spiked , dyed black-and-white hair , purple floor-length extensions , billowy capes , knee-high black boots , and Morticia dresses .
va	9	The time soon arrived for the sisters to leave for the island .
va	7	said Nathan in chipped tones .
va	7	With a quick flip of her wrist , the smaller girl tied the end of the rope firmly to the tree .
va	8	I didn 't need any boy scouts setting off alarms .
va	8	The small group cheered at the idiotic display as he took a bite .
va	11	The carriage lurched as Jacob threw us forward , urging the horses into a gallop .
va	8	" Not looking forward to it ? "
va	7	I was lost for words .
va	7	A thin young woman with long black hair steps out of the shadows , proudly displaying her pale smooth flesh .
va	6	At this distance , the gruesome curves of their repulsive silver masks were well defined .
va	5	" Patience , my friend , " Setzer told the growling beast now .
va	8	Taylor did not care to answer .
va	9	The Angel couldn 't help smiling at their enraptured faces .
va	8	Body armour , night scopes , boots , rations , you name it ; equipment flowed out of the camp gates .
va	6	It would be the last indignity .
va	5	It was really a beautiful day .
va	7	With his sword hand reversed , but his supporting hand still orthodox , he charges up for an unstoppable attack .
va	7	And all four of the men were made of stone .
va	10	And that means that all is well , " the Angel replied .
va	9	" Taken aback by Fuchs ' taxes , King Martin began examining other parts of the kingdom .
va	7	Malcolm grabbed my arm and rushed toward the door .
va	10	I 'll give him a call and see if it 's free .
va	11	He knew she wanted to leave him .
va	8	Energy surged to the tips of his fingers -- of course !
va	8	said Natalie turning to her sister .
va	8	Every one of ' em was in love with Tammy . "
va	11	The woman ignored him and started to pore over the pages of a large ledger .
va	6	One day up in the clouds , the next day down in the dumps , " he said .
va	8	" We found an ancient Roman drawing with kids in the background playing soccer ! "
va	9	Suddenly , the wolf pack appeared in front of Black Scorpion and Raven .
va	10	The floor was polished wood and several thick rugs covered most of it .
va	6	She opened it , got her English , French and Math books and left the others .
va	8	Claire paused to catch her breath .
va	9	It changed colors from red to yellow , green , blue , and back to red .
va	9	Kevin gave Missy a little push and whispered , " Get back around the corner .
va	9	How come you 're here ?
va	8	The blood drained from her face and her eyes jumped nervously around the packed building for a way to escape .
va	8	She was not happy about that at all .
va	7	Atlas was back on his feet now .
va	7	When I felt her silky skin , my heart jumped in the air .
va	7	The blood on his shirt had dried and she could see the gaping chest wound .
va	10	Despite their sadness , the brothers were willing to assist us even more .
va	10	Mark carried Jimmy over his shoulder , while Josie carried Mark 's shopping bag of clothes .
va	6	" Your life is in danger . "
va	9	I should have prepared something appropriate for the funeral and for the welcome party .
va	9	He was suddenly jerked off his feet before he could finish .
va	9	She was alert , and heard him coming at some distance .
va	8	A mixed team of Swiss and British poured into the enemy CIC , pulling them away from the consoles .
va	7	But ... " " Be silent , Mr. Crabtree , I 'll deal with you later .
va	6	I cursed her , her father and all the other sick , sadistic and twisted persons involved in the entire mess .
va	9	What was I to do now ?
va	5	" A bit on the paranoid side , I see . "
va	8	The three went back to their seats with them , confused by their silence .
va	5	" Now go , " her voice was calm but still authoritative .
va	8	Green bills fluttered in the air as I lost my hold .
va	9	All also had large , angry looking boils on their necks and cheeks - bug bites .
va	9	" Break off the metal tips and use them to push them over .
va	8	" Not at all , come on cowboy , let 's go . "
va	5	This was a ranch , after all .
va	9	Things began to look wavy , their borders fluid .
va	9	I look at his thin , boy 's body and hide my smirk with another question .
va	5	He turns the engine on .
va	9	Although I can talk the talk , walking it seemed to be a whole task all onto itself .
va	8	At night , we lay awake , our hearts melded as one , our bodies entwined in love .
va	9	" I don 't think he has anything else .
va	9	It 's just she 's , well , quite full on . "
va	8	" They 're coming , " she warned him , her eyes still burning with a soft glow .
va	7	He stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
va	8	He twisted his plectrum in his fingers but came alive the moment he had something to do .
va	8	I want to be your friend .
va	6	His eyes , too , were a few shades too dark .
va	7	" What shall be his path ? "
va	7	" You bet I can . "
va	11	" Looks like we have some work to do .
va	6	Based on my reckoning , the journey to the gnome settlement was shortened significantly .
va	11	Another benefit of being an ambassador 's daughter is that you come to learn the palace well .
va	8	I can only see a road in the forest . "
va	8	Had society not stepped forward at all since the Middle Ages ?
va	7	Mayhem looked mildly unhappy at this news , but acknowledged nonetheless .
va	8	Do you work in metal too ? "
va	9	" Also commander , all senior military officers are dealing with the evacuation of Trans Central .
va	6	" No , really it 's not necessary - " " It is , " Jessamine said firmly .
va	5	" Yes , run away with ... your half-breed , Ash . "
va	8	He looked thoughtful before finishing .
va	5	Beethoven , the cage , the mechanics , the emotion , the action and the music .
va	11	" Yes , sir , " said Beau , starting to feel a little better .
va	8	His full , curly beard still held crumbs from his day in the kitchen .
va	7	It was only a matter of time , Maya .
va	9	" He departed last night after we returned to camp .
va	8	The thought made him shiver with pleasure .
va	7	just intel for now though ! "
va	10	Josh would be having a field day if he was here .
va	8	Sarah sat down with a cup of tea .
va	6	His wounds all healed , he felt better .
va	11	Sydney waited a bit for Callie and then it was the four of us pounding through the underbrush .
va	7	They could have been trampled !
va	11	" It wouldn 't have taken Jameson that long to recover .
va	6	" I trust him , Jimmy , " Josie explained .
va	8	" She knows we 're coming .
va	10	Andy looked at the huge black machine in awe as it sat there hissing steam .
va	6	There was a rotten jack-o-lantern greenness below and away from them , circular and pulsating faintly .
va	9	He feasted upon my bones and left to find other victims .
va	6	" Overpopulation was not the only cause -- " Tate grabbed his shoulder .
va	5	" Maybe , " Minna says and crosses her other leg .
va	7	Andy was getting angry now .
va	7	I notice Gabe 's flushing cheeks and realize my mistake .
va	11	" I want to go do the recon with you , " I tell him and try to sound self-assured .
va	9	" Yes I go to tennis and Ben is very good at football , " Michael replied calmly .
va	9	Andy pulled open the tin and reached inside to pick up the Talisman .
va	8	We landed in the room with the mannequins with a thunderous crash .
va	6	The one no one cared about .
va	10	Nathan always considered himself more of a loner , but he now appreciated being part of a large group .
va	10	They didn 't come looking for a fight , but there will be confrontation in the future .
va	9	" You want to risk your life on that chance ? "
va	7	At least Cade was safe from them without her help .
va	5	Three vertical slashes for the mouth on the ghostly white mask .
va	8	" If you won 't have any more rum , then perhaps you would enjoy a pipe with me ? "
va	9	Taylor tried to ingest this information , " Now that is worth a thought . "
va	5	" Magma inside , churn , blood fires , burn . "
va	9	The only way to get to Billy was to get through a stubborn and misguided Takeo .
va	7	If we get electricity , then open the next one and so on .
va	6	When the Watchers practiced , they clash of the black metal was just as loud .
va	8	Swirling steam rose to capture the bright sunlight , taking on glowing life .
va	10	Rafe swallowed uncomfortably as Eda 's head snapped round to pin him with an outraged and indignant glare .
va	10	11 Watching the woman eating , Roberto could not believe he just agreed to this insane plan .
va	7	Cade stared straight ahead , she kept her head down , and they kept walking .
va	6	A sharp crack sounded in the foliage .
va	8	As her hand dropped , still trembling , she looked at her parents with blazing eyes .
va	7	The thing was obviously not human , its head was overly large and its hands ended with small pointed claws .
va	7	Jimmy finally came out of the bathroom and got back in the truck .
va	8	A couple of minutes later , the doors of the elevator pinged open on the highest floor of the castle .
va	7	Chapter 38 Cheyenne , Wyoming Early winter weather hit Cheyenne as Amanda made her way to the Convention Center .
va	7	He sat on the bed and put his hand on my shoulder .
va	7	The brakes squealed , a sharp screech echoing up and down the tunnel .
va	5	Apart from a few cuts and bruises , my wrist and shoulder are the worst .
va	5	" Facebook , " Gabriel answered , matter-of-factly .
va	10	Is there anything else you feel to inform me ? "
va	5	Inside the unit , clay particles and food particles were already separating .
va	5	" Yeah , well , the guy 's outta luck , then . "
va	7	" Tell me about your friends , " Lilly Ann asked him , " what are their lives like ? "
va	5	" Not cheap , these things ... " Ezio pursed his lips .
va	7	Rays of sunlight filtered through the leaves and warmed his face .
va	6	Again a roar of laughter .
va	9	A great wound in the neck showed what had caused its death .
va	7	No sense in retiring poor .
va	6	" George took a wrong turn again , didn 't he ? "
va	6	Oh Lord , keep us safe .
va	7	Temperatures were in the mid-seventies and climbing .
va	5	" Your powers weaken , " laughed the Spell Wizard .
va	9	Mark didn 't need to ask the question .
va	8	At least here we have a place to stay . "
va	7	" Why are you saying this , Damian ? "
va	6	" It was , " Agnes said solemnly , and Dreamer said " All right .
va	8	Following the path of death tentatively , he spots the fairy once again in the distance .
va	7	His voice terse , he clipped the end of his sentence with a fierce bite .
va	11	Amazingly he was able to keep hold of the pistol .
va	10	What were big brothers for , if not to deal with the authorities .
va	9	" Honey , she made it pretty clear then that she -- " " Talk to her again ! "
va	8	Things hadn 't been easy in the family at the time .
va	10	After what seemed like an extremely long time , I pushed up and peeked around the cart .
va	7	Robbie took a pleasant single overlooking the river .
va	6	A stupid grin covered his face and I backed up a step .
va	11	After the news broke , Cobb did what he could to mitigate the damage .
va	10	I guess I must have been rude .
va	9	The cousins were very relieved that their grandmother had been rescued .
va	8	" It has to be right .
va	8	The massive ramp was open showing the cavernous cargo hold .
va	11	" Well that 's nothing to be ashamed of , " Marcus stated .
va	11	She twisted the silver ring on her finger , feeling she was really in a dream .
va	9	We do this in order to determine danger or friend from a foe .
va	8	" Hold , " the ghost commands , his voice much more stern than previous encounters .
va	7	Victor and his men rounded the corner of the buttress .
va	7	" How can he climb with her on his shoulder ? "
va	8	You had something valuable to trade .
va	6	" The best way ? "
va	7	But the colours , the shapes , were wrong ; there were purple and yellow hues , like a growing bruise .
va	7	The warrior 's movements will be unexpected , they always are . "
va	9	The Falcon was unpredictable on the best of days .
va	7	We 'll make for the city !
va	8	It flared up instantly and revealed the end of the tunnel .
va	11	Were the men that broke in armed ? "
va	6	As the positions settled , the first Cane dropped his jaws open in an easy grin .
va	9	" I 'll leave the line open for ya . "
va	6	" Thank you , " she whispered and got up and left .
va	9	What if she mixes up her anti-anxiety pills with her sleeping pills again ?
va	10	They also wanted to know the condition of the slaves .
va	10	I suggest you try getting some sleep .
va	6	" You know , " he said , " warm as it is , this won 't be enough . "
va	5	Perfect , perfect , perfect .
va	5	To my own certain knowledge , every other race made exactly the same claim .
va	10	Roofs had fallen in here and there where supporting timbers had burned or rotted away .
va	6	Peyton pointed in my direction .
va	8	She seemed to have an inner strength .
va	7	The shouting of the crowd died to a murmur and finally to utter silence .
va	11	I 've done a lot of interrogations in my time , but torture never works . "
va	6	" How do you do them both then ? "
va	8	They watched the distant clouds together in silence while he finished his lunch .
va	6	His old jaw was tight , his wrinkled lips pulled into a little broken line .
va	11	She felt guilty running out on everyone like that .
va	9	Miriam whispered loudly , forgetting to add , " And he 's not my uncle . "
va	7	Her dad took a handheld GPS from his vest and pushed a few buttons on it .
va	9	Every single person that believes in the Lord Jesus Christ will have eternal life .
va	9	The house was up the side of a hill overlooking what he assumed was San Jose .
va	10	I had to believe we would .
va	7	Scott was joking , of course , but selling the Browning was a solemn occasion .
va	8	The man bore a thin golden rope around his neck -- a Lesser Seeker .
va	6	- It 's an easy question , but the answer is not simple .
va	9	If we fail , and never get to space , we will be nothing more than a joke .
va	10	The other Brothers had been manipulated and negotiated into their present positions so carefully they did not know it was happening .
va	9	But you might find something useful at his place . '
va	6	" You are not alone , Mother , " he said with a quiet resolve .
va	10	All you need to do is relax .
va	9	Reggie heard grumbles and some words of anger , but saw Brazen 's encouraging smile and continued on .
va	9	He was driving a small cart filled with odd bags .
va	9	Did you think my uncle and I cleared the place and laid out all those stones ?
va	6	" Ah , so I remember , " said the Rabbi , " and you are so right .
va	8	' Either she 's a tactical genius , or someone betrayed us . '
va	5	No second thoughts , only a wild , frenzied passion blistering the air .
va	11	However , Karen did agree with his view about being a responsible individual within society .
va	9	That was before the gang came by , and we still had a good supply of food . "
va	6	" I warned you about ... " " It is not my angle . "
va	11	" I 've really got to run , though , so make up your mind quick . "
va	8	He tied two knots in the longer one and a single , more complex knot at the end of the shorter .
va	10	There was a slight curve at her body connection between the thorax and the abdomen .
va	7	Matthew , for his part , could not take his eyes away from the pursuing threat .
va	7	Again Gema smiled , she was fond of this little man .
va	5	In that moment , my face turned white .
va	10	I can 't believe he is out of the lab .
va	5	Behind him , the seamstress and her assistants slipped out the door .
va	7	Could I have a cup of tea ? "
va	6	After 30 seconds , Alex switched the sight to thermal imagery .
va	7	I received it yesterday , but initially mistook it as junk mail .
va	8	He pretended to study one fingernail closely .
va	7	If things went bad , they would flee back to their original position .
va	6	So , aren 't Mr. Harris and Mary Ellen still part of their armies ? "
va	6	By the time she made the last rotation , she had her gun out and in both hands .
va	9	" He 's the one who brought me here . "
va	8	As he lay bleeding , Logan and I had leapt into the night , leaving him .
va	10	Marion was a strength she could lean on .
va	10	A balmy breeze dried him after he 'd bathed in the Mediterranean .
va	6	I said in a tiny , scared voice .
va	8	" Sorry , " Gabriel barely whispered as he leaned closer .
va	10	You have written orders giving us priority to requisition , use them .
va	8	The next time her eyes slid his way , he raised a hand in greeting .
va	5	" Are -- are you all right ? "
va	6	And his dreams didn 't disappoint him .
va	9	" I 'll be back as soon as I can .
va	8	When he was out in the open , Ted carefully surveyed his surroundings .
va	7	The bark of the trees float in the air , the rock cracked open and the soil started rumbling .
va	10	I decided to try flattering him .
va	8	John came around the corner of the house with his dog Patrick at his heels .
va	11	Scarborough cringed hoping the cloth would retain its beautiful ruby color .
va	8	I only just returned to duty myself . "
va	5	Barron and Emma , for all practical purposes , are the welcoming committee .
va	8	The cougar became even more aggressive , its movements driven by a fixation on helpless Laura .
va	7	He pulled a cord and in a few seconds Enrico was at the door .
va	7	One camera crew was there on the far end , no doubt doing a follow-up piece .
va	10	I try to be all serious and professional while doing this .
va	11	You ask , Dear Reader , of the promise for which this book is named .
va	8	He announces , quickly beginning his trek toward the treasure .
va	9	He turned around to face the wall and cautiously eased himself up to take a peek over .
va	6	He was already dead , may his soul rest in peace .
va	9	I stumbled through the foliage until I came upon the way station .
va	8	And what could a man do with more than one Audi ?
va	5	' No you won 't , not that soon . '
va	8	The Americans landed an army in North Africa on November 8 , 1942 , eleven months after Pearl Harbor .
va	7	Looking down at my appearance , I grimaced .
va	10	At last she shifted onto the inland thermals , taking form as she drifted closer .
va	11	" I can never pay you for what I did to you .
va	7	I grabbed a plain white dish and held it out like a shield .
va	7	" I think I already have . "
va	8	She started to slowly walk down the road .
va	6	Like Bax 's lamp , it too set fire to the bridge .
va	5	" Hello , George " said the green Martian .
va	11	We were paid by a company to keep the goods intact and on time .
va	7	Traditionally we recruited agents from the military , the police and MI5 units .
va	10	There is nothing back there , we have not been followed , at least not that I could tell . "
va	6	In this one way we may affect our own fates .
va	9	I mean when we where at her place . "
va	11	However , he clearly remembered that some people spoke languages other than English .
va	10	They continued to walk until Tasha stopped .
va	5	You already met Sandal and Tabor . "
va	7	With a frightful roar , I leapt up from my position and ran into the clear .
va	10	The power was growing deeper and saturating everything like an abyss made tangible .
va	11	He knew I was going to die .
va	6	" The final garbage war battle took place a few weeks later .
va	8	Connor had brought the pony to the centre and was explaining something to the girls .
va	5	" The UN better buy me a new one . "
va	7	Rand looked again to Bron as if appealing for an answer to the conundrum .
va	8	" We must go to The Lily House , " Gunnar said .
va	9	That made Hank think of Hawk .
va	11	Without looking back he said , " Noah had Jesus living in him .
va	9	She went directly to the Archive Hall where Claw had been working .
va	5	" What 's the predicted damage ? "
va	6	Harder and more determined , I plowed across the last feet steps .
va	7	Slipping past the others , he snuck into her room , gathered some clothes and set them by the fence .
va	6	He calls no place home and bows to no king or queen or god .
va	6	" This job is an unnecessary danger , " Serena hisses back at him .
va	8	he thundered , waving at the bath . "
va	9	Opening it to look inside , she found another folded paper with a more detailed note from Ted .
va	9	I 'll have to wash those windows again , now . "
va	6	" Captain , they spread their sails , " pointed out another observer .
va	6	It was a little overwhelming . "
va	10	He looked to be overcome by emotion .
va	7	" You wounded me , you son of a bitch ! "
va	8	" This car is being transported without its owner .
va	9	Mr. Jackson usually let Kevin light the fire and tonight was no different .
va	6	" Oh , we got her , " his father stated with a grim expression across his face .
va	10	The joy of leavening passed me like came .
va	9	The others seemed to be having similar problems .
va	8	It was just as I had suspected . "
va	9	" The guy that screwed me over ?
va	9	Some part of Muhammad knew it was an arbitrary , European number .
va	5	" You compromised everything . "
va	11	But I saw aliens that look just like you and me . "
va	9	He had no intention of leaving witnesses .
va	7	Derrick and Dane are enjoying the snapper , and Henderson 's steak looks very tender .
va	9	I didn 't need to say anything .
va	8	The tip of the blade struck the ground next to my ear , raising sparks from the floor .
va	10	I must do something to make up for that .
va	9	Another flare lit up the clouds , emphasising the urgency of the situation .
va	6	If he did not , he and his friends were utterly lost .
va	10	That was no way to make him less anxious .
va	8	Nathan turned back to David , but found him nowhere in sight .
va	10	Be happy you 're getting that .
va	11	Now what was he going to do ?
va	6	So , while they shopped , Joey , Tuck and I threw the football around .
va	11	" We talked to the secretary of the Secretary of Housing and Land Development . "
va	11	I grunted and forged ahead , the sword carving a deadly path through the smoke filled space .
va	5	" Safety and sense is not the Spartan way . "
va	6	My own boy , Michael , lives in New Jersey . "
va	6	The portal shimmers and sparks and with a brief flash disappears .
va	7	At last the sight of the pine forest and the camp appeared in their horizon .
va	10	I need you two at the top of your game . "
va	10	He stood there , one with the flow of the river and one with the flow of his life .
va	11	I thought I 'd meditate a bit , maybe I 'll get an idea how to fix it . "
va	11	With this , we would be able to see live feeds from the entire complex .
va	10	He chewed it a while as they continued to celebrate .
va	8	She was bent over almost horizontal with the pavement , supporting herself with a thin walking stick .
va	7	The horse chiefs don 't bathe very often , you see . "
va	10	It was me \ I remember ! '
va	8	They were alone on the cement rooftop high over Peshawar , and abandoned the Pashto language for their native Spanish .
va	10	The lads exchanged glances not knowing how this could be .
va	8	He went back into the command module and left the hatch open this time .
va	6	" Just do your job , Frank , " said the Pastor .
va	9	They had to make up the time and the miles .
va	10	" These things must not get to where they are going .
va	5	" And one other thing ... " " Mortals ... " she muttered .
va	7	" They even said ' please , " ' Goodspeed nodded .
va	11	Elaina felt the tears spill over as soon as she turned her back on Cade and fled into the tent .
va	7	" Because you are Long , " he answered , his eyes narrowed and fixed on her .
va	6	All the classes , even his survival class , revolved around these skills .
va	6	He picked up the phone after the first ring .
va	6	" No one is on Second Life anymore . "
va	7	Before she could speak , she registered his white face and the pursed and bloodless lips .
va	11	Scott laid the apple on top of the third drum then returned to the house .
va	10	You 've no income at all now you 've upset the printers .
va	7	The entire interior of the room was varying shades of red .
va	6	And then the powerful force of the back blast knocked him on his ass .
va	11	It loomed much larger than Gizmo was used to seeing .
va	5	No , here you 're just a weak , little , girl . "
va	10	He wasn 't quite sure what was so special about the sixth contract .
va	9	* What kind of discussion ?
va	5	' It 's a special game Graham . '
va	8	Beneath them , the two oceans crashed and fought , one light aquamarine , the other royal blue .
va	9	It was one of the smaller hangars and was divided by two brick walls , turning the interior into three sections .
va	10	She nodded and dozed off into a deep sleep , a soft smile on the beautiful face .
va	7	I smiled as Logan shrugged .
va	6	In the stark morning light , the faded colors of the painted plaster were sun-bleached and peeling .
va	11	" No , " answered Nathan , " but we need your help to saves lives and prevent needless misery .
va	9	The middle aged man lay resting in his bedchamber , a mere shadow of his former self .
va	5	Peyton grinned a normal , nice , warming smile .
va	7	" May the Truth go beside you and Peace watch your door . "
va	9	" And now you understand why I no longer have close friends , or family .
va	7	He roared with laughter and the men joined in , except Roberto .
va	8	A storm of stabs is consistently deflected by the helmed man 's twisting blades .
va	6	" Bryn , " a strong voice vibrated down the hall , through the door .
va	9	Not because I wanted to leave you .
va	9	So he does the only thing he knows how .
va	7	He put the newspaper down , his full attention on me .
va	10	Once or twice , Chris retrieved an errant football for a group of boys playing nearby .
va	11	She did what she did from weakness and fear of a wicked man .
va	8	" Yes Connor ... is good for Andre to relax and see Babushka . "
va	8	Farmer yelled , bursting from the forest onto the clearing .
va	6	She 's American , " he said to his companions .
va	9	" He 's stuck like your friend was , " he told her .
va	7	" I thank you , " she conveys , touching his arm affectionately .
va	6	" This way towards the dining room , " said the old man , leading the way .
va	9	She was surprised by a stack of wood outside the kitchen door .
va	8	I 've thought quite a lot about this and my decision is final .
va	9	" I was spending a week in the desert with four boys . "
va	10	It was Archie and Andy 's turn to sit in discomfort .
va	7	William laughed , 007 was truly a work of art and science .
va	10	" So -- you don 't see that rather large ... cat ?
va	7	He held the cube beside it , " The vortex is the key ! "
va	11	" I can 't believe we 're on our own with these animals , " she said .
va	6	One of them looked vaguely familiar .
va	7	" Surely you are married and have born your first child . "
va	6	" I can fly it . "
va	6	' And dancing at that club she likes , ' added Doodle , excitedly .
va	6	One with a life , a history , a family of his own .
va	7	He quickly jerked his gaze up to the ceiling , then fleetingly at the policeman .
va	11	She asked , looking to the eaves and the shutters while Cade shoved the old door open with his shoulder .
va	10	By 9.00 p.m they had finally reached a point where Archie was satisfied and called it a day .
va	6	" I 'm getting stronger . "
va	10	She looked up from the book she was reading .
va	8	Philip 's son , Nikolas was also a priest and married a beautiful woman called Alexandra .
va	7	" Once it 's topside , load all of the boxes onto my gunship . "
va	8	There he played with his nephew , while Waving Willow fixed a meal .
va	8	Her room was comfortable but small ; not what she enjoyed at home , but for now it suited her purposes .
va	7	" So , why are the girls doing this ? "
va	6	You owe me , she prodded , after the shitty way you treated me yesterday .
va	6	Then he set the sword 's tip against her ribs , just beneath her left breast .
va	9	I was anxious , but in the same time I wanted to look hypocrite and upset .
va	8	" But what were you trying to do ? "
va	10	She 's exhausted and needs to be in bed . "
va	11	But did that mean standing there and watching while someone hit a helpless woman or child ?
va	10	Gust of air swarmed down on Snow , making the vines torn to pieces .
va	7	Your fame precedes you , and your second in command is a worthy opponent . "
va	10	He would tell her the moment they gained his border .
va	11	This is the egg we 've been looking for .
va	6	Chapter 29 The police car door opened and a tall muscular officer stepped out .
va	8	In horror and sadness , they watched the monitor register no change .
va	10	But the boy is easily tall enough to pass as a teenager .
va	11	He felt the group might be here to ridicule Little Spirit 's performance .
va	5	Can 't we use his personal money ? "
va	10	I cannot know what they are thinking , but their minds must be laced with doubts .
va	8	He lays a hand on my forehead , then pushes back the wet strands of hair off my face .
va	8	Josie nearly fell over as she jerked back .
va	9	Miriam muttered something under her breath , but did as she was told .
va	11	" What if they threaten to shoot me ? "
va	9	A small smile touched the little girl 's lips before she got to her feet .
va	6	" You were watching , " he said .
va	7	After this coming battle is over , we will talk more , you and me , about your future .
va	11	Her days of finding a good general or above to have a family with were long gone .
va	9	" She is not going with you , Gunnar , even if she wants to .
va	7	" Anything special about him ? "
va	7	Josie reached into the shopping bag and got out another polo shirt from the mall .
va	7	I paused at the entrance , he noticed and signalled his captains ' goodnight .
va	8	" That would alert suspicion , and you would be the only suspect . "
va	7	This lady , a woman of noble birth , loves me , an ordinary sailor man .
va	6	The emotions of every man and woman present flooded Kea 's mind through his separated self .
va	8	" Yes , yes they are silk -- " Christy started to say .
va	8	Drew and Angelique were plainly struggling , but they were not rejecting , just not understanding .
va	6	" Sometime within the next week , I believe , sir . "
va	7	Julie jabbed the poker back into the fire and , continuing this process , this time jabbed her right hand .
va	8	" And should you really be eating strawberry ice cream at this hour ? "
va	6	Once , nearly three hundred years ago , they attack as a united force .
va	10	After I began to disrupt his plans .
va	8	Perhaps we should go in and learn on our own .
va	5	" Well , now , Chloe Harper , " he said aloud .
va	7	With great force he dug his claw into the ice and scratched three runes : " King . "
va	7	Let me show you . "
va	10	Frowning , Cade leaned forward and pulled from the sack a pair of manacles connected by a heavy iron chain .
va	10	I would get to go to school .
va	10	But we 've known each other for a really long time now , so I just ? "
va	7	His voice was nothing but a hoarse whisper .
va	7	An old oak door with a faded silver knob is set between two bookshelves .
va	11	I was so tired of being lied to .
va	7	The knowledge that , if she dies , Sky will go to them .
va	5	The pain , an uncomfortable burning sensation , began a second later .
va	7	At first Adda just stared at me in awe , then her round mouth turned moon shape .
va	7	" Her , over there , " the young man told the older man as she approached .
va	7	" So tonight we make it official , " Kendall said and stood up .
va	9	" And that 's what made me stronger ? "
va	7	" Oh , they won 't , " Riki said with supreme confidence , and she stopped .
va	8	He studied them in turn , carefully placing them in their proper order .
va	7	He was uninjured and ripped out her heart .
va	10	He assumed he must have misunderstood .
va	10	What harm can come of telling me ? "
va	7	Medical records , bank details including on line financial transactions , education history and criminal records .
va	8	" But Maya wants to see Cirque du Soleil .
va	7	Outside the schoolroom door , however , he lost a bit of his confidence .
va	9	" Why do you burden me with your presence at such an hour ? "
va	9	After rehearsal the lads returned to the flat and discussed what had happened .
va	9	" Now , where to begin .
va	5	" Thank you , Master . "
va	9	As if the sun itself were blinked out of existence , the entire realm goes pitch black .
va	10	" But that 's a trip that would take weeks ! "
va	5	Fully mutated zombies are , initially , quite energetic .
va	6	Simon pulled the trigger once more and took out the remaining healthy knee .
va	7	Beneath his breath , Chris muttered , " Oh no , you don 't , " and started after him .
va	10	As Webster was pulling the bound figure of the captain out , Fredericks arrived .
va	8	" In England perhaps , but not in France and certainly not in Rome .
va	10	I was a fearless warrior who would never give up .
va	5	As fate and misfortune collided , so did shell and flesh .
va	7	Victoria picked up the phone after a while , but played dumb .
va	9	Knowledge of a civilisation living above you ; a race in the grip of war would incite panic .
va	8	" That last one was rather painful , in more ways than one .
va	5	A desk , two couches , a coffee table , and a few chairs .
va	10	Danny played whilst Trevor turned knobs , sometimes counter intuitively .
va	10	She had never seen him after that night so it counts as week .
va	5	" As a young man , your father always kept a journal . "
va	5	" Of course , please do . "
va	6	The bodyguard and the driver glanced at each other meaningfully .
va	6	Their code for the horror , for the dead children , was Adam and Eve . "
va	9	On the other hand , he had just been directly responsible for the deaths of two men .
va	6	" Focus , " he said as if reading her mind .
va	10	I 'll fix us something to eat .
va	11	She tried to forget the events of the previous night but it came back and she had to know .
va	8	The blast threw Joe off of Ted , slamming him into the concrete wall .
va	6	" Come on , " Tuck said , his legs wiggling for balance .
va	9	" Oh , depending upon the efficiency of their HVAC system , about five minutes or so .
va	10	This sort of thing is going to increase , not go away .
va	7	Her young face hardly compliments her voice while her dark , wild hair splashes into view as she turns .
va	10	" Johnny , if you 're sentenced to die you have the right to fight back .
va	11	" You have great intentions , but I 'm afraid they will be crushed .
va	8	" No time for that , " he said as he kissed her forehead .
va	7	Several minutes later the boys and the Angel were already sat in the starship .
va	8	Then all those without trade skills were removed ; our man needed a cover story of some sort .
va	7	He 's either shy , stupid , or mute , Missy thought .
va	11	I exited the tunnel and found surrounding me a mass of these creatures .
va	11	She did not make a distress call because the men were looking for someone else .
va	10	" I suppose we should go inside , " said Maddy .
va	6	This man here -- " she said , and touched Brand 's hand , " is my loving husband . "
va	8	The rib is killing him ; each breath stitches red through the murky blue .
va	11	He hugs me and says , " You are right on time , Kobi .
va	8	" Best we make a hasty exit by the looks of it .
va	6	' Ah , but on that point , my love for her will transform her !
va	10	" You mean I 'm not as dumb as I look . "
va	8	Cade nodded vigorously , bringing his expression and his body under control at once .
va	7	" And what of those scars on your face ?
va	10	" Give me a sec to get the lantern lit . "
va	8	A woman who was walking past tried to intervene .
va	11	Jen pulled the door closed and walked briskly to the car .
va	11	Suppressing a chuckle , she did wonder if boats resembled their owners .
va	11	" There will be no bridge and profiteers to destroy the land . "
va	6	Then the trapdoor opened and Eva and Simon burst upwards .
va	10	" Wow what did you do ? "
va	8	She felt humiliated , exposed to every hungry glare .
va	9	In a tender moment they both opened their eyes , their faces closer than ever .
va	11	I can 't wait to go back and write up our plans , " she said .
va	8	Josie turned to face her friend .
va	9	They could feel the panic rising inside them .
va	9	Even small children would go into dark rooms and just clap their hands twice and the lights would come on .
va	8	" Did you happen to find my reading glasses ? "
va	6	After their silent contemplation , quiet talking broke out among the men .
va	5	" Yes , a youthful effort , I understand , " I said .
va	6	' I 'm not sure , ' came the enigmatic reply .
va	7	" Please don 't tell anyone , " he murmured .
va	11	Do you know where she is ? "
va	8	Dad boomed out their names as they dropped down .
va	7	Her big dark green eyes were calmly fixed on Taylor .
va	11	" Do you think your werewolf is here ? "
va	7	" Sharing this now sounds risky , " Ben protested .
va	9	It was starting to cloud over .
va	6	He returned his gaze to her face .
va	9	And why wouldn 't he want anyone to help the poor thing ? "
va	10	You 're the only one who can do this .
va	8	she exclaimed as Kevin reached her .
va	7	I mean , did we evolve from apes ?
va	11	" Yes , but they try to keep it minimal in certain cases .
va	9	Jesus , lady , you didn 't have to hit me !
va	11	It irritated him greatly since it took him away from his home and family .
va	9	" Good to see you again Maria . "
va	6	Tommy got up and nodded .
va	7	" You need a bandage on that leg . "
va	6	He walks up to Jacques and smiles , " Good morning , Jacques . "
va	11	A solemn nod later , she gives the scout leave to conduct her rescue operation .
va	10	Mike quickly found himself locked in the car and surrounded by zombies .
va	11	" I want to watch the way you cast . "
va	8	Automatically , her arms went to hold up her dress .
va	11	Although of course they were only allowed to fly in the company of the Angels .
va	11	That 's near the captain 's quarters which could have many artifacts .
va	8	Just as suddenly , he released me and took a step back , his manic look vanishing in an instant .
va	5	The other wolf screamed , a horrifying sound , and his legs kicked upwards .
va	10	That was far more important than bowing to native superstition .
va	10	Jimmy didn 't know which was better - being alive or Josie kissing him .
va	6	Just then Drake strode in , his sparring tunic hugging his muscular shoulders nice and tightly .
va	11	Does this mean that your chances of winning the space race are over , Mr. Richmond ? "
va	9	It was all they could do .
va	8	He placed the inner half of the mold and tacked on the closers at the bottom and sides .
va	7	A life 's a small thing ; any force strong enough can claim it any time .
va	9	" See that the girl stays here ; I want no further contact between her and that woman . "
va	10	Curiously they had been treated quite well , except for Marianne of course .
va	8	Things were not good between Kurt and his father .
va	7	The huge , silver-haired man put a great ram 's horn to his mouth and released a single long note .
va	7	In one of the drawings a man was shown as a captive .
va	7	Come on , my accent isn 't so very different from yours , though not nearly so appealing .
va	9	" Because you are connected to me , you will feel my pain . "
va	9	Everyone knew his feelings , since he had confessed it loudly enough .
va	11	The soldiers would never have ventured so close to the camp had they known of its existence .
va	9	He stood there staring at the intercom breathing like an enraged bull .
va	6	The Bastian tech finally leaned back from the keyboards .
va	8	" Forty-seven thousand feet , turning toward the sun , " Bob said fifteen minutes later .
va	9	I let the little shit sneak up on me . "
va	9	The eight eyes shined greedily as they turned toward her .
va	6	" It 's about Spy Games . "
va	8	Outside the smiling military goons pushed the still smoking cannon back into the corner of the hall .
va	5	" No , no , you 're very beautiful .
va	8	You go round the back and wait ; I 'll knock at the front door .
va	11	" English is such a mix of different languages that it 's filled with extra words and grammatical tangents .
va	9	It was obvious to all Yin thought little of any Vampire except Merri Li .
va	7	Trinity begrudgingly nodded to her brother and the two continued on through the forest .
va	11	" Do not think I would what ? "
va	7	The project is doomed from the beginning .
va	10	" I 'm right here , the channel is open , " Jason assures her .
va	6	" No , but I 'm a quick learner , " I finally said , our gazes meeting again .
va	9	' Was that when he went into hiding ? '
va	10	" Look , " she smiles , pointing at an inconspicuous bar on the twisted cage .
va	6	His tone was firm , his eyes held mine , his gaze was unwavering and intense .
va	8	Our only chance is to stay put . "
va	6	' Live , ' she said in a hard voice .
va	5	GOOD THINGS AND BAD THINGS , IT 'S ALL THE SAME .
va	10	Katherine sidestepped him not wanting to hear another word .
va	7	" I 've been taking karate .
va	6	So instead , in my most obvious , well-behaved voice , I agreed , " No , darling .
va	7	David packed his saddlebag and tightened Rocky 's girth .
va	6	A couple of students strolled down the steps from the floor above .
va	7	They should have little trouble and would make good time .
va	8	A porch , shaded and set with seats , couches and even hanging chairs , bordered the front .
va	10	It had nothing to do with mercy . "
va	10	With some motor oil as a releasing agent , they would be able to make several each night .
va	7	" Sure , there are three clans and they govern their territories with absolute authority .
va	7	Next , he knelt next to a small panel in the basement floor .
va	7	He dashed across the road and entered another alley .
va	10	Francisco saw that it was a sign from God .
va	10	I 'm sorry if I was making noise . "
va	7	" Are you hurt ? "
va	10	You think you 're going to Hell ?
va	6	Meanwhile , Lucas stared at the mysterious person in the white cloak .
va	10	There was nowhere safe to run from them .
va	9	She watches Arrow blankly as it begins an aft turning maneuver .
va	7	Mana picked up the large pile of dirty garments .
va	8	Julie had to say something .
va	8	If he stood to the right he could angle his view to the left and see the large bonfire .
va	9	He may have set a trap for us .
va	8	As the zombie got to its feet , she took careful aim .
va	5	The Medical Examiner , photo boys , and other crime scene investigators filled the office .
va	7	" Tell me about them , " said Frank , pointing at the orange and black insect .
va	8	She felt like throwing something .
va	9	Alita , who had lost momentum , lead the military goons around another corner , stopped and turned around .
va	9	He help her sit on the stone .
va	8	" Lord Rafe seems to have that effect . "
va	9	If Aimee was Sever 's younger sister then ... They were cousins .
va	7	" No , we didn 't , " Matthew opposed in his native tongue , but was ignored .
va	10	Despite its average size , scaling Haunted Hill was among the most tiring exercises Gunnar had ever undertaken .
va	7	The lion 's courage pumped through her with every heartbeat and she let out a low snarl into the drizzle .
va	6	Up to then , she 'd been so sweet and gentle like .
va	6	" I guess we - " " Not quite yet , " a new voice said .
va	8	Navi asks , dancing through the open air .
va	6	Taller , broader of shoulders , and somehow - even shrouded by the cloak - male .
va	7	For a second the figure clawed and struggled strenuously , but silently .
va	9	She watched as the doors closed behind him .
va	9	Machi shouted back , and the other guards all began yelling at once .
va	10	This alarm was not something to be taken lightly .
va	9	They want to see results and fast . "
va	6	' Well , that was fun , ' said Reid with a scowl .
va	11	Do you think he will ? "
va	10	' I never imagined you 'd come through for me .
va	9	Despite these bleak circumstance , Karen and Henry are quoted again and again begging for my return .
va	10	Of course that wasn 't all that was in the Bible .
va	10	It was a mixed expedition the University had sent out .
va	6	They grabbed their backpacks and helped each other strap them on .
va	7	Unloading from the canoes , the freed captives lay face down and kissed the ground .
va	9	" It seems like it 's always at my expense . "
va	6	The guys were all back at their bikes , putting their helmets back on .
va	10	Show him who was top dog in the East Midlands .
va	11	" But here , this will tide you over until I wash your face and your hands .
va	10	Epilogue : Prophecies Fulfilled The carrier pigeon landed on the man 's knee .
va	9	He made a conscious effort to not look at their faces .
va	7	The new thruster nacelles were grafted onto the original wings .
va	8	" If you want my op ... . . "
va	8	A security panel sat on the wall to the left of the jamb .
va	10	You have no place to stay tonight , you must stay with us !
va	5	How is my sister ? "
va	7	" My clothes will rot away , " he said almost to himself .
va	7	We were down to the last few cartridges for our weapons .
va	10	" So who knows what I am ? "
va	11	They didn 't sing or dance , though they were drinking just as hard .
va	6	" I 'm fine , " Josie responded .
va	9	Ramirez had turned the corner further up the street and was leisurely strolling down towards the entrance to his building .
va	9	After looking a little disappointed , she smiled and tousled his hair and said something about him growing up too fast .
va	5	" No ' tis naught like that . "
va	11	He had to stop to take a breather .
va	7	Shock was up and running immediately .
va	6	" She 's awake , " a male says with surprise .
va	9	I 'll give you a mobile number to use .
va	11	" Tim , you could incorporate heavy duty rollers into the deck of each class of airship ?
va	9	It is also a great relief that the wife is over her time .
va	6	I pulled in and found her car , checked in and stayed the night , but never saw her .
va	8	I ran my fingers over them , and the pulse shocked my fingertips and spread like wildfire up through my arms .
va	8	Lizzie nodded , then turned and walked across the fallen tree , her arms held out for balance .
va	9	" How many people are you expecting to show up ? "
va	8	She ran in the house and yelled , " I 'm back ! "
va	7	After a short pause for effect they continued .
va	9	" For we are friends , Finn , and I ... Please , Finn , do not let us argue ! "
va	6	" And I must say , " the butler added , " you look quite stunning . "
va	6	He carefully opened the cloak and removed the bandage .
va	8	" You didn 't see it though did you ?
va	9	He is chasing Ryan and the two girls like a dog after rabbits .
va	8	I jumped back and forth and shook out my arms like a boxer would before a match .
va	9	He bore many lines where knives or swords had barely missed their mark .
va	11	It looked like it had been built in the fifteen century .
va	8	Oh , that toe looks familiar after all , the big cat thought and playfully started to nibble .
va	9	Neil realized that he was still hugging her .
va	7	" After my run , which I was followed on ; " Connor tilted his head .
va	8	" My honor is to serve you , my captain . "
va	5	Starved and tired , we went on .
va	11	" Do you intend to take vows ? "
va	6	The flowers , so lovely , the scents , so poignant , helped her with her own balance .
va	6	Son , my days are past , but yours are ahead .
va	7	" Make for the courtyard , " Mal snapped the short order from behind them .
va	7	The General didn 't find that a helpful suggestion .
va	7	He takes the wine bottle and pours in my glass .
va	8	The four men disappeared as quietly as they had arrived .
va	11	And try to be nice for once . "
va	8	" Slide it up your shirt for protection . "
va	7	He grinned and lifted a dead pheasant in his right hand .
va	7	Congressman Akers nodded , removed and folded his sunglasses , and put them into his breast pocket .
va	7	Two of the dead are children John ; the bastards have shot young kids . '
va	9	You approached and we saw the rest of your crew in the woods with guns .
va	9	Tristan tried to slash off the mesh but it was malleable and resilient .
va	11	I don 't care that you are related to Jim .
va	8	Mac had nothing to hide .
va	6	And my first born ... Still , this young man is exceptionally fit and strong .
va	9	" You may speak " the Matriarch directly to the front of me said .
va	6	" Nothing , I guess , " Chuck answered , but he was lying .
va	11	I suppose you can still see a shadow of me .
va	10	A few minutes later , Miriam came flying down the stairs , hat in hand .
va	8	" Come on , " she said , the barest hint of softness creeping into her voice .
va	10	The sandy coloured ground was rugged with boulders and rocks scattered across the surface .
va	8	I certainly hope that fine suit wasn 't damaged . "
va	10	I knew you would show up before your trip to Sector XXI .
va	10	David only brought his hand to his face to massage his forehead tiredly .
va	6	" I 'll be right behind .
va	11	You 'd think they would clean up for this .
va	8	VIN realized what Jonesy was doing .
va	10	To keep up with her new releases sign up for her newsletter so you don 't miss out !
va	8	The Old Wizard halted and turned to the young man , breathing another helpless sigh .
va	11	I know Avril wanted to walk , but she knew I was shaky .
va	5	Thanks for the text and phone call , Keisha , " Charmaine spat out .
va	7	At that moment , someone called to Chris from inside the church .
va	8	The Black Death was like a common cold season in comparison to this .
va	6	The jungle had done its job .
va	7	You don 't have any friends and at school keep to yourself . "
va	9	" She will see you are comfortable . "
va	9	You know everything he 's thinking .
va	10	His relaxed core warmed her and allowed her some measure of confidence as well .
va	10	We dropped , flattened ourselves against the wall and slipped inside after the last man had crossed the threshold .
va	6	" We 're storming the house .
va	5	" Mr. President , Congressman Cochrane is here .
va	11	Simon was satisfied that he had finally broken the 32 minutes for his 10km run .
va	5	" Now , now , " he began .
va	10	Archie held the brakes on and pushed the throttles forward as far as they would go .
va	8	The key sank into the lock as if no time had passed .
va	7	After Tim 's father left Andy got the sofa-bed ready and climbed in .
va	8	Gradually approaching , like an old woman searching for a light switch , the monster paws at the open air blindly .
va	6	You probably passed the disused main gates on the way here . '
va	10	The wolf pack had been thrown off by the discard of the putrid smelling essence .
va	8	As he disappeared into the darkness she felt a blush flood her cheeks .
va	10	That 's one of the biggest taboos in any society , " Uncle Jeff was shocked .
va	7	Sighing inwardly , I began creeping downwards .
va	7	Traffic had picked up and Anatole guided the new Volkswagen Transporter carefully through the busy streets .
va	5	" OK , sure Mom , " Lex lied .
va	5	You gave her hope . "
va	7	The table was soon cleared and everything returned to good order .
va	8	He was multitasking , something else Seth remembered Pickett stressing in his book .
va	7	The only businesses left in the strip mall had been a video store and an auto parts store .
va	8	As cautiously as he 's able , Rift steps toward the switch , inadvertently activating yet another glyph upon the floor .
va	11	He then pulled the cloth up the leg , which pulled the muscles higher up the bone .
va	6	Half proud , half nervous , Grace walked the path to the bird pen .
va	10	We 've come too far to turn back now , " she explains , attempting to motivate him .
va	7	What happened to you ? "
va	5	Please , hurry but do not panic ! "
va	7	My brother was cold too but he stood there and rang that front doorbell over and over .
va	8	" General Anderson tells me that you were a counterintelligence agent .
va	10	I should care but I 'm having a hard time feeling sorry for these invaders .
va	6	The leader of the Sky Raiders is a bad man and a powerful Beast Tongue .
va	7	The man threw her down on the bed and she landed on the TV remote turning on the Television .
va	9	Their presence seemed to annoy him ; he never did like a fuss being made .
va	10	" We could try to keep going .
va	10	That meant Mac could survive space all on his own .
va	9	" Though some go curving down the trail To seek a warmer scene .
va	8	A red truck drove down the road leading to the complex of industrial units .
va	11	" We are going to need some sort of exit strategy . "
va	8	You should have plenty of ammo .
va	5	The faded pinstriped sheets and lumpy pillows were still waiting .
va	9	" I do , " he affirmed as he headed back inside the CP .
va	7	The little squeeze also moved Harry , and out came a wide grin on his old unshaven face .
va	5	I hadn 't , ' said the old witch calmly . '
va	11	Then Bradley pushed Megan , who hesitated , and dove in right after her .
va	9	" Everybody here knows Siobhan Scahill from Scahill 's Dairy , " Mike said .
va	11	He could feel he was close to the edge .
va	8	" With another week of inspections , we can get number four back on track . "
va	7	Everyday casters could touch the four pillars , Earth , Fire , Air , and Water .
va	11	" This will not be like before , where we are going is different .
va	8	Even as I watched , a crimson tide began staining his nightshirt just above his breast .
va	8	Neil turned his head and saw , cut into the cliff , a long descent hewed right into the rocks .
va	11	A smile cracked her ancient face , revealing straight , brilliant white teeth attached to stretched , dead gums .
va	5	" Congratulations , your spell is now active . "
va	7	Words I never thought would stand together .
va	8	Going to the bell , he pushed it , whistling to himself .
va	8	It took me a little bit to get this number , though . "
va	11	Waving Willow sat and watched him eat , as she nursed her baby .
va	7	I walked through my bedroom , entered my bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror .
va	9	They used only those branches and leaves that made little smoke .
va	11	I think she might make a good match for you . "
va	10	Now to learn the why of it .
va	8	Frank yelled suddenly , startling the people in his office .
va	11	He chanced a quick glance toward Arthur Cobb , who merely glared at Chris with murder in his eyes .
va	5	" But the fourth one ... " I guessed .
va	6	Yes , timidly , Miss Lee , something that is clearly not in your repertoire . '
va	11	Then the door was kicked clean off its hinges , landing with a crash on the floor .
va	9	shouted Maggie and he smiled as a bead of sweat slid down his face .
va	6	" Was that a gun ? "
va	11	Landon asked , distracted enough to let his eyes flick to hers in puzzlement .
va	6	" Surely , there is a mistake -- " " His Holiness makes no mistakes .
va	11	There was no mistaking the pattern of stripes : it was the missing feline .
va	9	He thanked them as he shuffled through the door .
va	6	Mana took off a large apron , and quickly opened some drawers .
va	8	I didn 't ' mean it that way , " he admits with a hint of sincerity .
va	8	" You 're doing it the wrong way , " a subtle voice from behind spoke .
va	7	" I will go alone , " Roberto said .
va	7	But he isn 't any of these .
va	11	Amy had been standing with Katherine and Barbara when John appeared from nowhere .
va	11	Do you know what that means ? "
va	10	Maybe I 'd been so busy talking about myself , I 'd never given her a chance to talk .
va	5	Some stood and picked up rucksacks , suitcases and several plastic carrier bags .
va	5	" Oh , man , you really need a maid . "
va	9	It was too good an offer to refuse .
va	11	It 's easier if you accept at once and begin to learn . "
va	9	Who I used to be .
va	7	" No , Sergeant , the wind feels good , " Ed said and left it at that .
va	5	In my last moments , the demon and I were identical .
va	7	I still see their faces at night and it haunts me .
va	6	Avoiding his flailing arms and legs , I slashed his bonds and rubbed his hands and feet quickly , desperately .
va	9	Everybody helped themselves and sat around a large table saying very little .
va	8	But when the returning groups asked , " Have ya seen any ... folks like us around ? "
va	11	Mindful to keep out of the creature 's reach , Melody stood up and retrieved her belongings .
va	8	Spyder stepped out of the driver 's seat and opened the back door for Frank , smiling as always .
va	8	The younger brother was a carbon copy of his older sibling , only smaller .
va	8	Everything you ever stood for will be forgotten .
va	10	Branden left it at that , clearly thinking that it was enough .
va	9	He should leave the Bible here in the ditch by the cows .
va	9	He walked up in front of me and pointed the gun at my stomach .
va	9	Rafe heard a shout go up and then the commotion of the riders turning their mounts in a new direction .
va	9	Ted set the lantern on the bench and sat down on one of the stools .
va	6	I kept my voice low and calm .
va	9	More guards helped the guests alight by picking up fans and gloves and long skirts .
va	5	" So it would appear . "
va	10	On the other side he was relieved to find his master and Stefano still alive .
va	5	Her heart-shaped face , big dark eyes , and narrow nose gave her away .
va	7	Those qualities may not readily be forthcoming , yet they are there .
va	8	Gabriel shook his head and then drilled Alejo with a serious stare .
va	8	All three docking ports were on the outer three walls of the command module .
va	6	" This place isn 't really a school , " said Edwin .
va	8	Light looked dreadfully tricky with Air and Fire all together , but that had at least felt learnable .
va	8	There is more , but it 's too risky for you to stay . "
va	6	Courtney Cole 131 With My Last Breath , Book Three " This isn 't good , mother , " I observed .
va	7	He felt the touch on his hand again and he extended an open palm toward her .
va	10	As the group wandered on , I held back a moment to speak with Jacob and Eva .
va	8	" Captain , I have reinforcements on the way , " Mayhem advised .
va	9	The chain slid against his palm until Ted couldn 't raise his arm any further .
va	8	" I can 't give you details over the phone . "
va	9	However , he found his determination had once again under gone a perceptible change .
va	11	A gigantic hole appears in the sky above their heads through which stars can be seen .
va	8	Ryan was still unmarried , had no children and this part of life was not yet important to him .
va	8	" They 're not buttons , or levers , or anything like that . "
va	7	VIN asked , helping himself .
va	7	Her eyes were a light , lush brown , complementing her even face well .
va	8	They were accompanied by their remarkable friend and three sailors from the ship 's crew .
va	9	Melody barely felt the sharp recoil as the semiautomatic action cycled another round into the chamber .
va	8	" It 's one of our little River Sunday traditions , " the man went on , watching Frank .
va	10	" I 'm going to wash this make-up off " I said .
va	6	just win at all costs .
va	8	" I never wanted to kill you .
va	11	I 've been taking their loyalty for granted for too long .
va	11	Chris nodded before truly understanding what the man had said .
va	8	They would cost $ 25 million apiece .
va	8	And Anna , set up the DVD for us , OK ? "
va	10	" I was trying to conserve water , but I seem to have run out anyway .
va	7	They rose from the bloody floor , pointed their fingers and laughed at him .
va	9	Billy backed away looking for an out , but didn 't see one .
va	8	And thus Sophia soon found that she had a new internet acquaintance .
va	9	Still , he didn 't allow himself to feel too secure .
va	9	Want me to send a change request to the Architects ? "
va	8	" You know me , I always like to surprise you ! "
va	6	" Dead as a cod , " he said .
va	10	" So what do you think it means ? "
va	7	She held the sword in both hands and read the inscription aloud .
va	8	Each player had two rackets , one in each hand .
va	7	Then the giant , reaching into his chest .
va	8	Free admittance , free contests and best of all free food -- this was my kind of party .
va	8	" Cure him and let him live , " Sofia said before the creature vanished completely .
va	6	He spent more and more time with his cronies on the golf course .
va	8	As he stepped out on deck , the Captain shouted to him , " Join me , Mr. Greene . "
va	11	I turn to leave when a sound fills the room .
va	7	Before the sixth dowsing of snow , I pulled my hood over my head .
va	7	Connors entrance made no disturbance and he quickly scanned the bathroom for an exit .
va	7	Anderson got a hard look on his face as he answered .
va	10	She was pleased to eat a meal with Sebastian .
va	7	" Go fuck yourself , " said John , sweat shining on his forehead .
va	11	That 's why he was here on the edge of space fighting alien invaders .
va	10	I ... " I nod and smile .
va	11	Thirty-six I had one day to train and be ready for Spy Games .
va	10	It seemed easier , more discrete to deal with it there . "
va	6	" I don 't know , " I replied flatly .
va	5	" Two weeks before the dance , I gave him my virginity . "
va	6	A series of affirmative responses sounded in my ears .
va	10	" Gag him if he won 't shut up , " the Captain barked .
va	11	The shrunken heads , wrapped in their ritual woven leaves , hanging there looked down on him .
va	7	All that remained were the underground piping connections to the various hangars .
va	8	Across a gargantuan gap , he finds a suitable spot on the building for a portal .
va	8	The guard bowed and produced a packet of papers from his jacket .
va	10	They then headed to bed where they both simply fell asleep still wearing their clothes .
va	11	" Life 's not so funny when you 're the one being fooled , is it ? "
va	10	I am sorry you lost Dr. Crawford , but I cannot help you with this . "
va	11	Her calloused fingers rub against his tense neck , before she begins to remove his armor .
va	9	He looked around the room and then looked down to read it .
va	8	" Sorry , I 'm new to this too , " Hera laments .
va	6	Everyone for miles around was invited .
va	7	" Come on , missus , pity the poor afflicted . "
va	6	Finan saw no reason for such hilarity .
va	8	" Works even better than I thought .
va	6	Under the twinkling sun and before the great architecture , they formed the perfect tourist photograph .
va	6	" Awful , just awful , " Nurse Edwards replied sadly .
va	9	Now you want to put him on the line again ?
va	6	There were large granite rocks , clean sandy soil , and colorful desert plants .
va	6	" Here , in the red room , " he called back with a smile .
va	11	He was free now ; he had made it clear of the research facility 's confines .
va	6	" That 's him , " Kendall confirmed .
va	5	" But the First Law ... " " Exactly , " I said .
va	7	" God , this keeps getting weirder and weirder . "
va	7	The systems and technology are certainly more advanced , but maybe I can do something .
va	10	Margaret wouldn 't be up yet but then her routine didn 't change much .
va	6	" Don 't answer that . "
va	10	' I can 't believe you let her come in . '
va	6	her husband ... ... they knew ... ... they all knew .
va	5	" General , I appreciate your being plain .
va	6	He wanted a black one , so he ignored the brown and white ones .
va	5	All that curly , long black hair and that soft , womanly body .
va	9	Although he walked with a limp , he didn 't take long to reach their position .
va	11	They had lost everything of earthly value but discovered who they were as people , as human beings .
va	10	She and Penny were told to get some rest , Michael Pitt would see to the unloading .
va	11	Jim said , " Sir would you like to take her in ? "
va	10	You can bet on that , Anastasia thought to herself .
va	9	It should be simple enough , now that the passage is open . "
va	11	" How are we going to get a tree inside the lobby ? "
va	11	I 'm sure you 're handling it well as usual . "
va	9	On the other side of the arena there stood a number of cages full of lions .
va	9	" I 'm going to ask them . "
va	7	In my head , I watched the " asset " line in my mental balance sheet fall by the second .
va	11	Conor Claire didn 't know whether to be irritated or flattered .
va	6	" What really happened ? "
va	11	There was still enough dew in the air to keep the temperature bearable .
va	7	" I 'll be fine , " John said .
va	5	No roof , no doors , just a roll bar and sprung seats .
va	7	I think it 's time for check out . "
va	8	Growing up as his younger sister was torture all on its own .
va	9	He now knew he would never see them again .
va	9	Di Luca turned to Marcellus again , and his speech was still slurred .
va	10	I let her get to work .
va	11	The Sages continue to be hunted down and killed like dogs .
va	6	I haven 't , but I know how . "
va	8	Simon was taken aback by the inspector 's comment .
va	9	Some go mad and have to be killed . "
va	7	Not only could communication prove a problem , but the giant 's general demeanor and appearance could easily provoke the Prince .
va	8	He , in turn , is in touch directly and indirectly with two members of an old SAS team .
va	7	But I made no promise I wouldn ' hurt ya .
va	7	I laughed in agreement but changed the subject .
va	6	Suddenly , over Marion 's head Leigh saw a uniformed man step into view .
va	8	" Is there a body in the trunk ? "
va	6	Precarious balance disrupted , his foot slipped , his bum knee collapsed , and he pitched forward .
va	10	My heartbeat quickens , though there is no good reason for fear .
va	6	She wore a white plain cardigan beneath a simple modern deep blue cotton jerkin .
va	7	In the shower , she let the waterfall directly onto her face and it was therapeutic .
va	9	" Push another amp of Epi and charge the internal paddles to fifteen , " Dr. Warner demanded .
va	7	" Ok Agent 3A , let 's keep the odds even ! "
va	10	" OK ... that 's probably a good idea as long as he stays in contact .
va	9	Maria found a white needle point clothe with a cat stitched in it .
va	6	Chapter Ten The following day , against the doctor 's wishes , Jennifer signed herself out of the hospital .
va	6	His slight reflection on the glassy surface reveals his shiny new red armor .
va	8	" Guess I must have needed it , " he said .
va	8	While flipping through the pages , a small piece of paper flew out .
va	6	Rupert obviously had expected his .
va	10	If these were shut for the night , I 'd be out of luck and forced to wait until morning .
va	6	This could not be happening .
va	9	" I am praying all the time that Dad comes back . "
va	9	He had no idea what it was -- and last night 's guess hadn 't helped at all .
va	8	" You don 't want to know . "
va	6	Suddenly , without fanfare or introduction , the orchestra launched into a lively waltz .
va	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
va	10	They are not intended for those easily offended or persons under eighteen years .
va	9	I 'm the only experiment to survive past 12 months . "
va	10	However , Nelly had a bony hand and was not afraid to use it .
va	9	have you shot trap before ? "
va	8	We need a more proactive plan to resolve this mess .
va	8	" Interesting reading about the two bodyguards in the vehicle with Simon .
va	6	' Look , O priest , how about - ' ' I think not , ' said Dios .
va	8	I need ... I need a doctor , or I won 't be chasing anything soon . "
va	9	He moved into the chair right next to me and pulled it up , so his knees surrounded my legs .
va	7	" My , isn 't this exciting , " he declares loudly as the rumble subsides .
va	7	The wolf snarled and beat his paw onto the ice .
va	11	Tell the pro the course is closed until further notice .
va	7	An overpowering feeling of peace washed over me and I found myself crying .
va	9	" Linda , you 're kind of new around here .
va	7	He pulled her close to him and kissed her .
va	11	An army sergeant who had served in Afghanistan and carried many scars .
va	7	Anyway , that was a problem for Lucas or the Park Service , not him .
va	9	But this isn 't gon na be easy .
va	9	This whole encounter had probably lasted not more than five seconds , but it seemed like an eternity .
va	10	Then I 'll find us a nice Inn on the way home and treat you to a meal . "
va	11	Empirical observation and testing is the only way to ensure the success of this procedure . "
va	5	Courtney Cole 91 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Very well . "
va	11	Her body continued to shield what she was doing .
va	11	" Do you think we shook him off ? "
va	7	It 's much worse than we thought .
va	10	Did she sense how hard her father and brother were working on her ?
va	11	He dangled like a rag doll as the plane continued to lose altitude .
va	6	" It 's a sensitive subject , " he said with tension apparent in his voice .
va	9	She started to scramble up the slope , but heard a surprised yell from her right .
va	8	I huffed before shutting them .
va	5	" I don 't know . "
va	5	" Close your eyes , " he murmured , and I did .
va	11	" Mr. President , you 're the one part of this whole equation that doesn 't fit . "
va	10	Megan murmured , catching one curious word in the girl 's speech .
va	6	" Well , maybe you heard , they had the lowest median age .
va	11	The problem is we do not know how big the parasite circle is .
va	5	He scrunched up his eyes , and said , " Right .
va	10	And what do you think of our handsome captain ? '
va	8	" I am not permitted to answer -- " " Of course not ! "
va	10	There is only a darkness that might not be the night sky .
va	9	The path in space will go straight through the center of the cube .
va	9	" Remember you 're in charge . "
va	6	I held my breath and silently prayed .
va	9	You do writing for your job : I 've seen you . "
va	8	" So I 'll call him Star , " he said happily .
va	10	It is yours to obey , salt of my heart . "
va	7	From the corner of my eye I witnessed the golden room collapse and the gold tarnish and rust .
va	5	The girl Angela , Bridget , and I hated the most , Tracy Sanders .
va	7	" Well the story isn 't done yet , I completed my training and returned to civilisation .
va	6	" The valiant warriors , graceful , beautiful , and powerful , descended on the enemy with little compassion .
va	9	Therefore , they are much better suited for temperate or cooler climates , such as our new space climate .
va	8	" A coup , " he recalls , closing his eyes as the painful memory returns .
va	11	I just laid low , staying with Victoria for a while , and things got stranger . "
va	7	He knelt by her side , no tears .
va	7	Any resemblance to persons , living or dead , actual events , locales , or organizations is entirely coincidental .
va	8	He looked back at Gorn throwing him the Jolt .
va	6	It was the burnt , stone man from the boat wreck .
va	9	" How are we going to do that ? "
va	11	" He has been begging you to come and stay in this house again ? "
va	7	" The girl betrayed us and escaped , but it doesn 't matter .
va	7	I cracked a devilish smile -- cute , men and their toys .
va	7	" Close down tubes nine through thirteen , " one of them ordered .
va	9	Maggie sketched the find in her notebook .
va	7	" Will the music bother you , shall I turn it off ? "
va	10	It 's too small to be printed on this map . "
va	9	Miriam 's pen dripped , and she covered her writing with a sheet of blotting paper .
va	10	I heard Reid press the button on the answer phone .
va	6	And , finally , the entire swarm of bats took off like tiny bullets through the blue sky .
va	7	I timidly obeyed and sat in a chair opposite his desk .
va	5	No muss , no fuss , no heavy breathing , or sweaty brows .
va	6	" Whatever you do , don 't scream .
va	9	As for the rest I really didn 't had nothing to do , and the boredom wasn 't late to appeared .
va	5	Despite her polished looks and demeanor , her fingernails were incongruously short .
va	10	Adele looked up at him , her huge eyes filled with a sudden and new self-consciousness .
va	6	In the end , she reached the gym in one hour and eleven minutes .
va	7	" No , I can help you , " Lena replied with determination .
va	6	The best friendships , the lasting friendships , grow over time . "
va	5	" Silver and pink are her favorite colors , though . "
va	8	Dark menacing clouds formed around them and waves came crushing down , leaving them all drenched .
va	9	If I hung from the window and then dropped , the fall wouldn 't be that big of a deal .
va	8	What the blazes are you doing wearing my flying helmet ?
va	10	He smiled broadly , " Anyone want to do that instead ? "
va	10	" Good show , Neil , " Simon said as the animal , tossing its head , got into position .
va	6	" It 's okay , Eva , " I said in that soft , soothing voice again .
va	6	By the time the entire crew was assembled , the Ops Room buzzed with energy and magic .
va	7	Halfway to the ship , Chris heard the high-pitched ringing of a bell .
va	5	" Oh , " she replied sheepishly .
va	8	He saw four Lizards together coming back into his yard .
va	7	" Yes , well in any event , I will leave you to it . "
va	8	You did break the last one , " the fairy points out , bobbing about overhead .
va	6	" Don 't know , " said Andy sucking a pencil .
va	6	" No , its fine , " was her unhelpful reply .
va	8	It felt so right , although it was wrong .
va	6	came the expected reply with raised eyebrows .
va	6	As it was , the closeness of the cavern walls just made my skin crawl .
va	11	It sounds like the others all landed with Vapor on the north side of the objective .
va	10	I don 't want to fight with you . "
va	10	No matter that he killed ; remember , he struck from behind .
va	8	He started to speak but coughed , recovered his voice , and began again .
va	7	They hid in some bushes beside the trail and fitted arrows to their bows .
va	7	" Not unless you 've got a touch of clairvoyance yourself . "
va	9	What are you going to use them for ? "
va	8	As Isaac fought for his life , he began his downward slide toward the cliff .
va	8	The girls had shown up with different sweatshirts but looked equally dowdy as the night before .
va	8	The two began walking together , the dog scampering along behind .
va	5	Without hesitation , Dr. Warner quickly responded , " Gloves and gown , now !
va	7	Who was shouting their heads off ? "
va	9	Had to be for something .
va	8	You must understand how she feels .
va	9	The two of them made their way through the tunnel leading to the garage .
va	11	But the first order of business is to reassure your parents that you are still alive . "
va	10	Though the unit was making decent progress , the men would need a place to recharge their air supplies .
va	5	Her mother 's death sound was a lifesaving last gift .
va	6	Okay , so maybe I would rather the traitor be someone else , after all .
va	10	' I know it 's weird , ' she said wondering how to explain .
va	7	She was wearing a beautifully tailored navy blue business suit , sparkling white silk blouse and Gucci shoes .
va	5	" Well , a funny thing happened here Geoff . "
va	9	Steve , having the upper hand again , flipped himself onto his feet before Simon could get up .
va	10	" Everybody out , " he said brightly and grinned when the two animals rose and came forward .
va	7	After we ate , we sat together , Clarissa and I , listening to Henri play a song on his lute .
va	7	What stages of change did we undergo ?
va	10	When Ted was right where they wanted him , they came from three different directions at once .
va	10	I 'm going to check on father .
va	9	Whenever she needs to remember .
va	6	" Man , " Jack said , " I 'm a gay , Jewish Black dude .
va	6	The motion in the bag slowed and then stopped .
va	6	An entire city can just up and disappear , and we 're not even the first .
va	11	Chapter 5 -- The Surprise Joshua saw the men running across the bridge toward his family below .
va	6	" That 's ok kid , they are no longer a problem ! "
va	7	" Once I start my new duties , I 'll probably find out . "
va	9	' Does he want us to sign up to some New Age course ? '
va	10	The ground had dried from the rains of the early week and the morning airs were crisp .
va	5	Thanks , Aunt Libby , I said , giving my dad ' s sister a hug .
va	11	" I hear you have acquitted yourself well , Mr. Greene .
va	11	He was holding a football exactly like the ones used in the Champion 's League .
va	9	All of them were eager to help the fellow sailors , even if they were technically enemies .
va	10	If he learned to take orders .
va	10	She 'd already failed to get funding from Roger .
va	7	Whatever he did , the one in the white wig wouldn 't shift her attention from Raphael .
va	10	Do you want some more ? "
va	8	No one else had a better idea , so with Mike at the lead , off they went .
va	8	Turning to Sarah , he saw she was smiling .
va	8	" Or we could split up and you take the candle and I 'll use the lighter . "
va	5	Kobolds either expanded or defended , either grew or consolidated .
va	6	We bought a second hand Audi A4 from a dealership just outside Troyes .
va	11	He 'd even spent another year in Brunei at the Jungle Training facility the British Army maintained there .
va	11	" Who 'd have thought to find a city here ?
va	7	How do you get into these messes ? "
va	7	Drake massaged the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger .
va	8	" Can I still have children , Captain ? "
va	6	" Here , give me that knife , " Lilith said .
va	9	Their words shot through the air like gunshots pinging back and forth at each other .
va	5	" Without the notebook , the GPS is useless . "
va	11	Are ... are you okay to keep going ? "
va	9	He stopped short , quickly turning away from the others and drew the sword close upon his breast .
va	7	" Maybe a little warning next time , Mike , " Cera snipped at him .
va	11	" I think you will find we have every choice . "
va	11	A couple of times , Ellen tried to sneak out to give him some water .
va	6	" Thank you , Miss , " he replied and left the stage .
va	8	I took a seat on the bed with Abby next to me .
va	9	Zeal was skilled at articulating her misgivings , whether they were welcome or not .
va	7	You 'd get in the way . "
va	6	" We don 't have much time .
va	6	Out the open side hatch , his other four team members stood on the concrete landing pad by the power plant .
va	8	" Well Go , how 'd you like to , uh , go for a ride ? "
va	7	His brows come together , and he grimaces , as if in pain .
va	8	' They were nearly at the wall anyway , ' he muttered grudgingly , his ears reddening .
va	7	We were right -- any charge in the front would be suicidal .
va	8	The sun was about midmorning height in the clear blue sky .
va	9	A girl asking him to smile back at her .
va	6	The three walked side-by-side back to the rental car .
va	11	Never seen a man trying to protect himself before ? "
va	10	He was supposed to have told Alanna .
va	10	" Just keep your ears and eyes open , as I said , and let me know what you discover . "
va	8	Only joking but you really don 't want to know .
va	10	I had to sneak in and look for you .
va	7	" Can we go poking about ? "
va	6	The filling was crab , or maybe shrimp , with egg .
va	9	He 's stronger than anything in this world . "
va	7	The interior although in disarray wasn 't in bad shape .
va	8	" You can survive in the big city , " Sidney shot back .
va	9	With the absolute monarch at the head of things , everything is in order , so to speak . "
va	6	Five hours later , the family trudged the last kilometer to the family farm .
va	8	He turned to face the kids .
va	6	They 'll probably be back tomorrow .
va	7	Only officers ever use both hands , everyone else puts a fist over their heart .
va	6	" I 'm still looking , che .
va	6	My mother , like my father , was an avid reader , and she frequented the library twice a month .
va	10	" They aren 't meant to move at all -- see ?
va	9	Miriam stared at her ; for some reason , she had never considered Mana having parents .
va	5	The lively music and bustling crowds are a distant memory .
va	11	He tripped along the way , letting out a stream of something or other that Chris could only assume was invective .
va	11	We should probably catalog the animal and plant species that they can provide and take it from there . "
va	7	The bullet was still in there but it didn 't worry him .
va	8	Jeff felt this conflicting message from authorities debased everyone .
va	7	As for ' Gerry ' there are no records of him . "
va	7	" Jesus , Cera , that man 's a priest , " Taylor said , shocked .
va	6	But that was better than through the living room .
va	6	But first she moved in , found an open spot , tightened her fist , and swung .
va	8	The manacles came next , and I 've worn them ever since . "
va	10	' I think we should find the girls , ' Calvin said .
va	11	And ye may not be able to come back after them either .
va	6	- OK , Mia , my little princess , don 't bother .
va	9	He removed a Cuban cigar from the inside pocket of his coat and lit up .
va	9	This made VIN think a little harder .
va	7	" -- Gunnar , what noble line you belong to , " the king 's man finished .
va	7	Maya 's vision of horror vaporizes and her laugh lingers and echoes through Jason 's mind .
va	7	" Whilst you were inside , I called the air traffic control tower .
va	7	But after that , what ?
va	9	The dragon saw the sudden panic in Echo 's eyes as the telepath stopped straining .
va	7	Following his heroic rescue effort at the icemaker plant , Taylor developed a magical attraction of broken technology .
va	7	The first team member arrives and throws himself down next to Michel , shouting " Unbelievable ! "
va	7	There are rumors of other evils .
va	7	" Pardon my rudeness , gentlemen , but your tone was loud , and I overheard .
va	8	" Pleased to meet you Tyler , " Dagger said offering a weak smiling .
va	9	" Choose your response carefully , for you will only get one . "
va	9	Everything we have so far is purely either circumstantial or an assumption on our part , " said Jen .
va	6	and ' Hit the water feet first , it won 't hurt so much ! '
va	7	Behind this cupboard lies a world unlike any other ; this loose swinging plank our answer to your safe keeping . "
va	8	" I can 't let you get hurt .
va	6	The faces of Logan , Jacob , and myself peered back at me from the print .
va	8	The hills are higher here in my valley and the rest will do us good .
va	7	" Liar , " she whispered to herself and went back to her room .
va	9	" Well , you can believe what you want , but I 'm going back .
va	9	" Hey , I put in a lot of work here , " Gabe says defensively .
va	9	He started to sift through them .
va	10	It was entirely built of steel and wood frames covered with canvas .
va	7	Night had long since fallen across the city .
va	9	Parnell was acting on sudden inspiration but he knew it could work .
va	9	The official looked studiously at the staff and asked Takeo for permission to look it over .
va	9	However , on my arrival I found not only that he had departed , but that also Finan is unavailable . "
va	6	Maybe you should -- " " Dad ? "
va	9	My stomach no longer turned instead it was flipping over .
va	7	The Solar Mafia are bugging out , many of their ships are destroyed , including the last two corvettes . "
va	10	It was worse when she spit at him .
va	5	" No , he 's an old school , textbook style manager . "
va	8	Simon was sorry he asked .
va	8	They heard a faint voice and Nathan turned the dial back carefully .
va	9	Brand 's tears turned back into laughter , and then a mixture of both .
va	8	He raised a glass , " Here 's to the marvelous stunt you pulled this afternoon .
va	7	The Louvre alone possessed nearly a thousand works of art !
va	7	He leaned a bit closer to her .
va	8	Petty crimes were dealt with harshly , and the city jails were filling fast .
va	9	I 'd be caged like they are .
va	7	Surely the threat of exposure could mean nothing to him now .
va	9	" I think ... I think I 'll just go . "
va	9	But you did come to your mothers ' aid in the nick of time .
va	9	Someone who 'd been starving .
va	8	Rafe began to drag wood together , ignoring Eda 's outburst .
va	6	Monti pulls out the map and Dane inputs the signals into the GPS .
va	8	Oh spirits , it 's too late to take it back .
va	5	A mesmerizing power , the twinkling and flickering became her only vision .
va	11	He got that feeling seconds before the sound of gunfire started in the basement .
va	7	And I didn 't even care about any romantic feelings .
va	11	The mayor is going to be one of the judges .
va	5	" Yes , very astringent ... quite an unusual aroma , though .
va	6	Now I felt much safer , I taped his ankles to the chair base .
va	7	I didn 't want murder on my resumé .
va	11	At the same time , I could make up for my mistakes by taking action and making Dad proud .
va	10	That she might be in danger ? "
va	7	Woodpecker realized that , this time , he was too close to a major disaster .
va	6	" Do you really trust her ? "
va	10	His aura is growing bright , expanding within the tight confines of the car .
va	7	George will have the camera , photograph everything and anything .
va	9	Sofia pitied him but she try to conceal it .
va	9	" Is it to do with the code ? "
va	7	The rifle 's report , between the relatively tall , brick , buildings was deafening .
va	9	Brazen realized could get Jaden if he really wanted , but there would be no walking away .
va	10	Were they among those who arrived yesterday ?
va	9	He will not venture out into the city until the numbers favour him .
va	9	They look like they could use a laugh .
va	6	The people fighting out there are my friends , my servants , my workers , my countrymen .
va	11	This time their lips touched with a passion that surprised them both .
va	7	Dew sparkled on the grass stalks , as reflective as glass diamonds .
va	6	" Stop , there is something down there , " I warned the driver quickly .
va	8	They would have had great need , I am sure . "
va	5	" Just darkness , " the boy said silently .
va	11	First place you come is here .
va	8	" I could just as easy carry you , and then you wouldn 't be so tired out . "
va	9	The pilot then turned around and simply waved Simon to follow him .
va	10	A move to discern the Prince 's trustworthiness as a Child of the Empress ?
va	8	He explained , waiting for their names .
va	8	You are in my mind rebels , criminals , and outlaws , but to you I am something much worse . "
va	11	The outside may be healed but the inside is still damaged , but you will travel easier and faster . "
va	11	" It would be a lot like the claims on Antarctica , " he explained .
va	7	' There 's a public telephone in the woods ? '
va	10	Just because his legs were useless didn 't mean that the rest of him didn 't work .
va	10	I 'm shortening the final approach by several hundred yards by turning in now .
va	6	" This way , please , " Doris guided the crowd through the portal .
va	8	Stopping at arm 's length , the mighty punch hits a magic wall just before finding its target .
va	7	I 'll follow towards his tower . "
va	9	I apologize I had it all wrong .
va	9	There were men with the British flag on their shoulders as well .
va	11	' And just look at the trouble that 's brought her .
va	9	Malcolm kicked me under the table as if to say " good one . "
va	7	But the taste was mixed with salt .
va	10	One was captured trying to escape .
va	8	At first they bunched up , much closer to each other , but quite rapidly they spread apart .
va	10	Do you want this door still locked ? "
va	10	That is the only way I can explain it .
va	7	The giant pulled the shirt over his head , and the Prince felt his mouth drop open .
va	11	Grandpa is going to start worrying soon .
va	6	" The cypress trees are dying , " he explained .
va	7	Wolf Eyes said , " Predator , your hate has killed you . "
va	6	Ivan was very glad : " Oh yes please , do send it . "
va	9	She couldn 't tell which one was hers .
va	11	" Do you have sufficient assets in place to support that ? "
va	5	And then , maybe for the first time that semester , Patricia Buckingham had our full attention .
va	10	He was proof they could be different .
va	10	To Simon , the initial sensation was that of a teacher hitting his arm with a wooden ruler .
va	10	" That 'll be what most of us saw on the TV last September .
va	5	I shake my head firmly and sigh a deep exhausting sigh .
va	10	He knew that complaining would do him no good .
va	9	I thought Carlos was overstepping the mark .
va	7	Seriously , the microwave oven now costs less than a bottle of scent from Europe .
va	9	" You never said what happened to Yin and Merri Li . "
va	7	" Yes , exactly , " said Butch , recognizing a fellow historian .
va	10	It was an uncomfortable feeling for her , not knowing what to say .
va	8	" Hey , " his father snapped , watching him through the rearview mirror .
va	7	That is not what happened .
va	7	Either ways we can 't fight them all . "
va	6	" Where you from George ? '
va	8	He 'd have to be , given his brother . "
va	9	We have to get going .
va	10	She watched me play with Tammy and smiled .
va	6	The history behind this novel is completely disputable .
va	8	He handed one to Tommy and explained , " Queen 's orders .
va	10	Gabriel called louder , banging on the metal side of the truck .
va	9	" The candles have African names for African concepts that celebrate Africa !
va	7	The company had offices in several major ports in France , Germany and England .
va	10	Who 's gon na read this ?
va	7	She turned and shut the door , revealing her buttocks .
va	10	" Why George Collins you 're finally offering to make an honest woman out of me .
va	6	But you never know , you may like the military . "
va	11	" I did a little bit of thinking on this , Chris .
va	8	Another one scorched a red track across the back of my right hand .
va	6	She fell back onto the mattress .
va	8	Throughout our conversation , I 've been steadily pulling myself up to the bar .
va	9	I feel worthless waiting for you .
va	9	The rebels had shattered the aqueducts a week ago , and the parched citizens had let them in .
va	8	Everything went smoothly and they weren 't stopped at a single checkpoint .
va	6	But then , need and want were two very different things .
va	6	" But this isn 't the way to our cabin . "
va	9	You actually believe you 're doing the right thing !
va	6	Without ceremony or delay , Andy slipped the Talisman 's cord over his neck .
va	8	But by Vana , and by the Green Dragon , and -- gods !
va	7	Live with honor , fight with valor , and die without regret .
va	11	They warmly embraced , shaking each other 's hands and not wishing to let go .
va	6	" Boy , par all y ' know , I verily may have been . "
va	9	But the light was there ... Once he proved himself to Mother , she would let him leave the city .
va	11	Missy followed him feeling a little bad herself for coming up with lies so easily .
va	10	But I don 't laugh because this is a little frightening .
va	8	" Let 's check on that one . "
va	6	The chem professor and the campus police were there too , and they all totally blindsided me .
va	10	He waited for her to come up before answering .
va	6	' So the islands have shifted , ' Bri said , ' and it happened that quickly ? '
va	6	Usually the colour comes out violet but this season I got some true purple ones . "
va	7	I 'm too old for this .
va	6	She and the Prince returned to the fort together . "
va	8	His knuckles are turning white on the steering wheel .
va	9	First , other than the obvious refusing the wine or taking guards , I would have done nothing differently .
va	8	Each man knew what to do .
va	8	" I don 't know about that , " he laughs , moving past the green fountain .
va	5	And there , in that morning , in that new sunrise , I realize something .
va	10	I paused in front of a desk and trailed my fingers across the back of Anna 's chair .
va	7	John extended his hand to his friend and helped him out of the muck .
va	9	He 'd been in Costa Rica the year before and had disappeared .
va	10	He understood then that whoever wielded this sword , he was the most masterful of all .
va	5	In his right hand , his three remaining fingers clutched a small device .
va	10	As she withdrew he noticed , with a slight feeling of self reproach , that her eyes were clouded with worry .
va	9	One who cared about her .
va	8	Creep didn 't let it faze him .
va	5	Shelby , Grover , and the other male assistant all had pocket knives .
va	10	As I approached I noticed he wasn 't just any sort of butler .
va	6	Malcolm lowered his voice , and I couldn 't hear .
va	10	When they brought you into town Lilly recognized you and told them to bring you to Lilly Ann .
va	8	Finn looked in the direction of the bedroom .
va	10	Mirai was far ahead now , had already in fact managed the two hundred yard goal .
va	5	Inside the briefcase lay a large padded Jiffy bag and a plain manila envelope .
va	11	" What the ... what did you think you were doing ? "
va	8	" Neil , what do you think ?
va	8	" I 've spent a couple of hours with her .
va	11	" Ha , " he replies , " not going to be easy with those handcuffs . "
va	6	Next he chose Giant Owl , a mature young brave and a good shot with a bow .
va	5	Ryland and a few others come out a short time later .
va	7	Alexius , on the other hand , was the total opposite of her father .
va	10	" Well , I 'd need to tell you about my motorcycle then . "
va	8	He grinned evilly and winked at his pal , Cletus .
va	11	Simon smiled back , cautiously ; he was still worried the same gang could attack him again .
va	9	So you 'll have to shove off .
va	8	" Because of the dam , " said Nathan , looking at the map .
va	8	The crew had taken notice of Sarah .
va	7	All he did was laugh louder and call me a half-breed . '
va	9	Adele shook her head ; but there had been nothing like this .
va	6	So much fire now and smoke , too .
va	5	But ... uhh ... you know , just ... the guys . "
va	7	When we get there , we drive off the train and go on our way .
va	8	" I have to go back . "
va	9	so yes , I guess you can trust me . "
va	11	Adele sagged against one of the large moss covered rocks and closed her eyes .
va	8	There was one man left , watching the Prince with amusement .
va	5	The endless acres of land , the winding dirt roads and open spaces , the fresh , unpolluted air .
va	8	We booked it out the front door , Peyton 's words ringing in my ears .
va	6	Worse , without a heart , his body was already shutting down .
va	8	She munched the last of her sandwich and wiped her hands on her jeans .
va	8	With that Simon got up and returned to his mother 's room .
va	9	They ate it , and it filled their stomachs and made them sleep .
va	8	I asked , oddly uncaring about the answer .
va	8	On the way back Mrs. Collins said , " Can I buy you some cookies ?
va	8	I 'd ask something else , though , if I may . "
va	8	" Are you alright missing ? "
va	7	They arrived at the cave and climbed right in .
va	9	The sooner we learn what this cult is , the sooner we 'll have some peace to enjoy . "
va	9	Surely one of them -- " she cut off when he tossed the crumpled paper in her lap .
va	9	" Nice to meet you Lena .
va	11	" I was so afraid the explosion might have killed you .
va	11	How do you get any better if you don 't take on the best ? "
va	6	" Well , would you rather I tied you to the handlebars ? "
va	10	" I do remember how that felt , " he did the best he could with a smile .
va	10	Without it , there is no way I could keep up .
va	8	" I don 't know about that , but you 're definitely slower than me . "
va	9	Chris said , before whipping it up and back over the dune .
va	10	It had been sliding into a death web for Darin .
va	9	The doctor looked closer and found a broken nail imbedded in her shoulder .
va	7	In the end , no good can come of it .
va	11	Farmer was clearly not feeling well and Taylor could only hope that he had had a light breakfast .
va	8	" She was , " she sighs , her eyes dropping to the floor .
va	10	" I 'm here to help rescue your brother and that 's it .
va	10	I had nothing to feel guilty for .
va	11	He does what he is told to do .
va	11	" We can 't thank you enough for what you 've done ! "
va	10	Do you feel something moving ? "
va	5	Restaurants , bars , movie theaters , drug stores , abandoned buildings , everything was his .
va	11	" I had to witness this desecration of my father 's funeral .
va	5	Misty Rowling and Bill Foley were there too .
va	7	" Some of your notes Victoria , " said Toby .
va	10	He said he 's been to the front line .
va	9	Andy was one of the last out of the room .
va	7	With an outside threat to North America , both sides of the border realized their future lie with cooperation .
va	7	" 53,000 feet , 390 knots , release activated , " said Bob calmly five seconds later .
va	11	Jack said , fighting the urge to shoot him .
va	8	A quick spur of his heels and Epona carries him from the beach in a flash .
va	8	He heard nothing unusual and when he reached the drums , he saw nothing unusual .
va	8	Though whimpering with the obvious desire to bark , the dog seemed to understand implicitly .
va	7	Tell you what , though .
va	7	If it 's the latter , that makes her doubly dangerous .
va	9	This was what she had come for .
va	9	" I know it sounds corny , " she said , " but he was one of the good guys . "
va	8	We can go to the zoo first thing and then drive to the hostel after lunch .
va	8	She shook off the thought and responded to Josh 's words .
va	10	I could tell he was disappointed and I couldn 't blame him .
va	10	Jimmy turned his focus forward , catching a glimpse of something shocking in his peripherals .
va	8	She smiled benevolently , " Now , what is , at the present , your most significant problem ? "
va	8	Here sat this large creature , and at it 's core was magic itself .
va	7	Harald was silent for a while .
va	9	They were making quick preparation for the return of the braves .
va	6	As his father he had hardly aged , his head shaved clean , his shoulders broad and stout .
va	6	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN The pool area behind the hotel was now abandoned .
va	7	" Now , I don 't expect a final decision right here and now , " said Wendell .
va	11	Matthew wondered how the cowboy did it without even once looking tired .
va	7	Two items out of all the bobbles called to him , catching his eye .
va	10	Again , there was the flare of ghostly green light around Mark 's hand .
va	7	He was running back and forth and people on the streets just noticed a cold breeze on their faces .
va	10	He shook her roughly as if to drive home his point .
va	9	She put it under her pillow and got into her nightgown , letting her clothes slip to the floor .
va	10	He wanted me to follow in his footsteps and become an officer too .
va	8	They would not stay in the hills ; they could not risk the openness .
va	9	" I 'm sure that you can , " Virgil said .
va	10	The scheme had worked for six months and resulted in the deaths of seventeen U.S. soldiers .
va	11	I will not go to visit Santa Claus in North Pole .
va	7	She clutched at a rocky projection , and grinned her thanks back at him .
va	11	" You didn 't really think I wouldn 't find you in there .
va	8	It took a chip out of the concrete but there 's not a scratch on the box .
va	9	But that 's only if you get out and I find you . "
va	6	" Okay , next question , how are you out in the sun ? "
va	7	Chapter 12 : Hailey Meets the Mouse Mariposa and Hailey finally agreed .
va	11	All I did was try to take the girl away so you wouldn 't kill her .
va	7	Neil looked down helplessly , and his head swam from the huge height .
va	8	Tommy watched for lightning , but there was not a cloud in the sky .
va	9	In her eyes , he was everything a father , a husband , and a man should be .
va	8	I had to think quickly .
va	10	Exactly what had happened to her .
va	10	The Sparrow Hawk had been hiding behind a chimney on a house beyond Mariposa 's sight .
va	5	" Umm , sure , " Chris replied .
va	11	As you know their family line has a star that shines on them and through them .
va	11	At his cowardice in not taking the high road but rather doing Jolie 's dirty work .
va	5	His past , my past , our families all faded .
va	6	When it surfaced , a live fish , a silver sea fish , struggled between its teeth .
va	6	Perhaps old Mutt Summers over there will lend me one . "
va	8	I got a clean shot here at your -- " There was no movement that I saw .
va	7	As if it could be , the way that morning went !
va	9	I need to know why .
va	9	This was going to work , it had to .
va	5	" What 's the matter ? "
va	7	Beyond here , he went on , were outlying settlements , miniatures of this one .
va	9	How come Kate was here ?
va	8	Both the orderly 's uniform and the patient 's uniform were all white , at least they used to be .
va	8	It 's on some small road , and Phillip will be in the west wing .
va	10	" Be quiet if you can 't be polite . "
va	9	Now I grinned as a I glimpsed the monks ' carriage in the trees by the path .
va	10	He 's got tons of contacts all over the place and will probably go places we can 't .
va	7	" Kurt said , ' And poor Eva will never find out . '
va	10	Fight or flight , I just longed to be free of the whole situation .
va	8	" Yes , but there is such a thing as compassion and helping those in need .
va	9	And I never would have worked with your papa if -- " I flipped around .
va	7	" ' Brutus ' was the code for success , ' Hinckley ' for failure . "
va	9	He found he could actually enjoy life .
va	8	People were running at them in a mad crazy dash .
va	7	As Toby 's eyes closed , so the dark swirling outside of them was replaced by the same inside .
va	7	' That 's it , ' Amy laughed , ' but , bless him , his songs are worse . '
va	5	I was his girlfriend . "
va	11	Robinson asked as she began to remove her clothes .
va	11	They had brought minimal supplies , just enough to get by for a few days .
va	5	Across the room , Charley Davenport farted loudly and cried , " Bingo ! "
va	9	But the agony purged more of the effects of the chloroform from my system .
va	6	" Step lightly there , young man ! "
va	8	Just have to keep walking .
va	8	I said as I jumped overboard .
va	5	" Why is Lord Rafe there ? "
va	8	So what had happened to Michael ?
va	5	To her surprise , Elaina 's voice caught .
va	9	He walked to a space between the two combatants and withdrew a grimy handkerchief from his pocket .
va	9	He 's like a kid on Christmas morning , Fish thought .
va	10	Katherine padded through the living room on her way to the bathroom .
va	6	No sir , but we do have a tiny CIC . "
va	9	Timing was critical to maximizing opportunities .
va	7	I closed my eyes , taking some deep breaths .
va	8	Superiors can smell others Superiors from a long way away , right ? "
va	7	After Stefano got wealthy he went back to his friends and gave them a sizeable gift .
va	8	" You were always very clever in some ways , Rand . "
va	10	All those presents waiting to be opened .
va	10	After an hour of tending to Lena she slowly woke up .
va	7	As I weighted it , I moved my right foot out onto the Diamonds face .
va	9	The woman suspiciously looked at the money in front of her and began counting it .
va	11	" Do you think I 'm daft ? "
va	9	After a while both snakes slid out of the canal onto the grass in order to remain unseen .
va	8	Mostly , the hunger is a song with a secret melody only I can hear .
va	8	Waving Willow was at work , making a dress from deer hide .
va	7	As time lagged on , people 's interest veered and Eden was slowly forgotten about .
va	5	Holy hells , bells , gazelles .
va	7	I walked up to Captain Osiris , cracked my sweet smile and held both his coarse hands in mine .
va	8	After they put one at the entrance hall they put a couple more .
va	7	" We got married under the Arc de Triomphe at sunset .
va	8	Then why are you spending time with this miserable fop here ? "
va	9	Miriam shut her eyes and tried to cover her ears .
va	10	" Are you going to eat that taco ? "
va	5	But even in his present state his confidence and stiff posture come through .
va	8	" Faster , quieter and more comfortable .
va	7	" His second-in-command is his son , a ruthless and cunning man .
va	6	" More than love , " she said softly and I nodded .
va	10	It indicated that he and 007 were in William 's lab .
va	11	" Anyhow , I hate to jes pop in on ye like this .
va	10	You won 't have a crew , there in Hastings digging potatoes or spread all over hell 's creation .
va	10	" Right , " David said , settling on the bed with them .
va	8	The large , block letters on the card were visible from across the courtroom .
va	9	I invested that money in a mix of medium risk shares and municipal bonds on your behalf .
va	10	The Prince caught Leah stifling a laugh out of the corner of his eye .
va	7	Some indescribable impulse drew the bearded hunter away from Quarry and took him on a path to the unknown north .
va	6	Only Skin Seven Concrete Fantasies For the first time I found myself both a stranger and intruder in my own home .
va	10	Kae asked before thinking better of it .
va	9	Eventually , Abby remembered Rick 's leg and returned to treat his wound .
va	9	Then she saw Andy 's bandage and her smile fell .
va	11	The sound of footsteps rose close by , echoing loudly on the concrete floor , before gradually dying in the distance .
va	11	Nobody had bothered to look in them ; they were too fascinated by everything else this day .
va	7	Chapter 4 Almost a thousand miles away , in Kerala , Ibrahim was looking at a photo .
va	11	But he said these words anyway because he knew they were true .
va	8	He wouldn 't miss that aspect of South America .
va	10	he said , trying to look around .
va	11	I promise nothing will be broadcast without your say so .
va	7	At this , the chefs cleared our path , and we passed through the culinary menagerie .
va	9	It seems like some sort of electrical field , or something is playing with our systems .
va	7	" Cook 's theory revolved around energy transference , " Gabe continues .
va	6	Instead , Seven faced an inevitable , slow rout by the well-regulated White army .
va	8	' The FBI 's on their way from DC . '
va	7	I , for one , am proud of his service . "
va	7	He rolled on one side and the other .
va	5	With my demi-god gone , Joseph and Cora were a welcome distraction .
va	6	" And after this , " said Ransom , " it will all be men . "
va	7	Then they stepped outside into a pink and blue garden .
va	11	My gaze landed on a building hidden in the shadows some fifty feet away .
va	8	Bullets whined through the air and scored the ground next to her .
va	10	Afterwards we went for a walk , during which he wept and apologised . "
va	9	" We want to go fishing , " said Loot .
va	8	If he dare show at all !
va	8	A single staircase rose on the other side of the foyer .
va	5	" But the impact still caused this swelling .
va	6	But once they do , things should settle down pretty quickly .
va	11	" We will all go to the track meet and the game , no question about it .
va	6	They were both masked , their identities sealed from prying people .
va	11	I 'll wait ' til we get to civilization .
va	6	That means he 's family now . "
va	10	I believe he is a good man and will do well . "
va	9	Sofia smiled by what the boy had said .
va	7	She was a good and hard-working pilot , " said General Saunders .
va	6	He closed his eyes , created a mental picture , and then snapped his fingers .
va	9	Two weeks of tension drained from her shoulders as she took in the idyllic surroundings .
va	8	Finan knew that his master was brewing trouble .
va	11	This was all a plan to capture the Falcon for his misdeeds throughout the years .
va	9	She looked around at the small group of men , also on horseback , and felt a wave of discouragement .
va	9	For a lord 's son , he knew an awful lot about tracking and living in the woods .
va	7	She scooped them up , and the currency disappeared into her till .
va	11	Andy was sure he could resist interrogation , but he wasn 't so sure about Tim .
va	8	He had everyone 's attention he saw .
va	8	" We never tried to find you .
va	8	" Let 's not go crazy , shall we ? "
va	9	If they 're enemies , we 'll know soon enough to get away . "
va	9	' These aren 't snails are they ? '
va	5	" Ask your questions then . "
va	10	He had no idea what was going on either .
va	8	But the second was harsher , pushing him off to the side .
va	6	" Dude , that 's a Ferrari , Lamborghini , Bugatti , Alfa Romeo , Aston Martin , and Bentley .
va	9	Chapter 4 - Sounds So there we were .
va	11	There was just enough room to maneuver the dory in between the ketch and the sloop beside it .
va	8	Have I not fed the people their daily allotment of execution ?
va	5	" Oh , sorry , " apologized Mike . "
va	9	Let me go , please .
va	11	The witch felt Brand 's palm with her coarse fingers , humming as if to enter a trance .
va	6	Captain Green also received recognition for his actions at Fulton .
va	7	Without wasting any time Andy slipped past the rope barriers and up to the mannequin .
va	6	" Now , now , now , young man , " said a voice quite close to us .
va	5	" You mean , this group isn 't just all e-mails and threats ... ? "
va	9	" What about the children ? "
va	7	" If you have not heard , the emperor has passed on . "
va	10	She squatted down and began to rummage through it .
va	10	Never would she give him pain or cause to regret that kindness .
va	9	In the field , she started at the end closest to the village .
va	8	" Byron , " she called , spotting him across the room .
va	9	But this year , its trajectory would swing it perilously close to Earth on its journey to the sun .
va	8	I 've no bloody idea where she went . "
va	10	I waved the catnip around and made further encouraging pleas ; this failed to produce a reaction from the cat .
va	8	His legs were strong and his tiny toes were abnormally agile for a little Lizard his age .
va	9	If it is what he desires , this is where we shall go .
va	11	Gordon also had been surprised by what the gnome had said .
va	8	The foreign looking ones were quieter than the gypsies , he noted .
va	10	" The sensor mesh network in William 's lab can be isolated from the rest of the mesh .
va	7	Sixteen After running several blocks , I finally slowed down .
va	8	The speaker moved out from behind the group of attackers .
va	9	Do you think ... . .
va	8	He had prepared for such an eventuality and had the parts on board .
va	11	" You said you wanted to buy some time . "
va	7	Speaking of which , are you ready for the new job ? "
va	11	With a quick kick of my good leg , I made sure my jab landed right in Malcolm 's gut .
va	10	" How can it be the best part with Dad not here ? "
va	6	Strawberry juice dripped off their hands like blood .
va	10	They danced until the black drink took effect and made them sick .
va	7	He split his searching stare between her and the ivy .
va	10	So what do we do with them ? "
va	5	No light , no dark , no heat , no cold , no gas , no vacuum .
va	8	Rafe , he was more than certain , would see to it .
va	9	Are you really that proud of it ? "
va	11	" You want to stay you can stay .
va	11	His menacing eyes piercing through her made her fearful of the man dressed in black .
va	7	In her room , she sat down on her spacious bed and watched her mate undress .
va	8	It 's as if he rules the place .
va	9	That was ok , wasn 't it ?
va	8	Stalin said loudly , and then slammed one of the doors .
va	8	Blocking view of anything but the rooftops was a tall stone wall .
va	7	The walk home was somehow different than the walk to the cedar stump .
va	6	Don 't miss anywhere -- " " What is it ?
va	6	" Sweetheart , I 'm sor - " " An explanation , Daemon , not an apology . "
va	7	she shouted for everyone to hear .
va	6	Behind her , lending strength to her threat , stood a brawny hunter -- a Bruin .
va	6	Gabriel turned back towards her with a cool grin .
va	8	" So Branden was not in his right mind when he attacked the princess ? "
va	10	Are you ready to proceed ? "
va	5	' Just me , he 's not invited . '
va	8	With her hind legs stretched between the two powerful Lizards she could not reach for the deadly hairs .
va	8	For once I didn 't have anything to say .
va	8	The night was clear , the only noise to be heard were the plane 's crackling embers .
va	7	" What 's going on ? "
va	9	Unable to hide her smile she almost pushed him into his bedroom .
va	5	Would I kill me too ?
va	10	They saw Agent Finch , bloody , holding the teenage girl also covered in blood .
va	10	The sea was gone in view , being hidden by the mountains .
va	9	I haven 't even caught the slightest hint of the odd hunter or shepherd for days now . "
va	6	" You got that right , " Kevin Frey added .
va	6	The sound echoes through the trees , snapping me back to reality .
va	9	I 'd lost sight of Malcolm and the mime .
va	8	As he looked upward , he saw a golden gleam near the top of the wall .
va	7	Mostly they were paperbacks left by previous vacationers .
va	5	" That 's it ! "
va	7	Everything looked blurry around him ; colors moved here and there .
va	6	I 'd heard those words before .
va	10	It seemed like the whole town had come to services .
va	7	" She 's making for the pool ! "
va	9	He would relish this moment for a very long time .
va	10	Why allow that to bother me ?
va	5	Schuyler , I - " " Don 't , " he interrupted her .
va	8	I hope they 've all gone .
va	8	A thin plume of smoke snaked from the chimney of the building into the slate gray of the sky .
va	5	For what reason , I do not know . "
va	9	Sofia closed her eyes and hold on to him tightly .
va	9	The entire area shakes violently as a rolling wave of dark force splits the ground .
va	11	I pushed him down , helping him on his way until gravity took over and he fell .
va	7	I 've been an old woman , an English gentleman , beggars , thieves .
va	9	People began to clap their hands and sway their arms .
va	6	Eventually , he passed back down the gun case and carefully lifted himself out .
va	8	Another longer bounce finally set them free , climbing slowly into the mist .
va	9	What has to be done ?
va	6	" Around the same time as ' The Change ' . "
va	9	He went into the office of the Ship 's security services .
va	6	" Well , yes , normally we could , but it 's not possible this time . "
va	9	Chris was embarrassed to answer , but figured what the hell .
va	10	I promise to stop checking it .
va	8	Every face he could see beamed .
va	6	" A business trip that involves a corporate jet , a dressy reception and high-end fund-raiser auction .
va	11	Jack asked hopefully , knowing he would be disappointed .
va	8	As we walked under the arches , I felt the crowbar press through the backpack into my back .
va	10	" But it was the wealthy who were blaming the other wealthy . "
va	6	" Laura , I remember all the position , and I 'm winning ! "
va	9	The words that came out of his lips were , " Yes . "
va	7	It was swinging compulsively back and forth but , it was still predominantly intact .
va	9	Uncle Jeff was excited , he had no idea these kids were so bright .
va	10	" Can they do anything to the platform you build that far up ? "
va	9	" You already laid out rules for that , Rick , and those girls rarely ever break your rules .
va	6	" Well , " he said , " I 'm tough , remember ? "
va	6	" That 's great , " said Victoria , her spirits sinking .
va	7	Me instead I took a seat on the bed , watching him suspiciously .
va	7	That he would escape her was absolutely certain in his mind .
va	8	Anna ran past me and fell into Tomas Godard 's arms .
va	11	Realizing his condition and unable to do much about it , he lay back again and went to sleep .
va	9	This is what she was aiming for .
va	9	The hall ended in an ornate door , before which stood no guard .
va	6	To the north and the east , over the waters , lie our cousins the Norse and the Swedes .
va	6	" I 'm Lex and this is my little brother , Ricky . "
va	8	I did , and she moved right up behind me , took aim , and shot three times into the handle .
va	7	I said , touching her bruise gentle .
va	5	One time , not so long ago , I was a federal agent .
va	6	" We need an emergency , " Blade declares with a wink .
va	7	' But if ze product is worthy isn 't it worth ze gamble ? '
va	8	" That was as bad as I 've ever seen .
va	9	The headmistress of our opponent school wanted to give girls a special treatment , " he said .
va	9	Remember the warning I gave you .
va	8	You might want to watch . "
va	6	All in different styles , colors , and materials , including white clapboard , brown brick , and gray stone .
va	10	The boss laughed carefully trying to choose his words .
va	10	He was about to say more , but the Abbess interrupted with the assurance of accustomed authority .
va	10	" Better I stay here , I only have to come back first thing in the morning .
va	10	The scientist understood full well what he needed to do .
va	10	Although his lips emitted no noise , his body fell backwards , collapsing into the door with a hollow thud .
va	11	Jennings looked at the determined face and was satisfied that Shaw had passed his first test .
va	6	Another man was there , a man Dan recognized from the police court at the East Chicago Avenue station house .
va	7	" Fear not , Finan , I shall not drag you before an altar .
va	8	He looked her over completely , and saw a small patch of blood on her side .
va	8	If only her body had been so invulnerable .
va	9	" Let 's check out the stable since nobody 's around , " Lonnie said .
va	11	" Two , I 'm out of coal , so I 'm going to fill your stocking with tears . "
va	9	The men of the reserve poured onto the roof where the dropping ordinance had created a convenient entry .
va	6	Other members of the group joined them , moved on , and returned .
va	10	" I bet I could do it , " Riki said immediately .
va	11	Melody turned and sprinted on , past the security exit she had come out of .
va	10	Joe was struggling to keep the zombies ' teeth away from his throat .
va	7	Rafe extended his arm and , still in his relaxed position , pushed his goblet onto the table .
va	8	" Yes , sir , " the Defender holding the sword to the Prince 's throat responded .
va	6	And the sound of mingled voices , young and high and very sweet , singing that song .
va	11	Just before reaching the conference room where the CP was being established , they passed the Prime Minister 's office .
va	10	A group calling themselves ' The Order of Darkness ' claim to know where she is . "
va	9	It looked like his heart was no longer in it .
va	7	He secures a sample and puts it in a Petrie dish , then places the container back in the freezer .
va	7	Then the big one showed up -- the leader of the pack .
va	7	His uniform was dishevelled , dirt smeared across his face , his features irate .
va	11	Harold almost added that their cooperation was voluntary , but that would be stating the obvious .
va	8	" The paper bag I gave the little girl yesterday . "
va	8	Dozens of silent shapes glided and danced in the water , glowing gold or white in the darkness .
va	6	At this very moment the door swung open and John stormed in .
va	6	" No wonder you lost the Space Race , you clever guy .
va	5	" Right , indeed , " he stammered , " far too stunning . "
va	11	" But I know what happens when you have a baby . "
va	10	They should get in the house where it would be safer .
va	10	He had no time to think about that now .
va	7	" Not so much ' stopped ' as ' paused ' for a while , " she said .
va	7	A heavy touch , however , made the brain a permanent playground for madness .
va	5	" No more cuffs , " Gabe says .
va	10	Any plan how to get out of here without this stupid thing ? "
va	8	when all of a sudden the door opened and I wet my pants .
va	5	Correction , they came and packed up all their stuff .
va	11	" Do you know how to swim ? "
va	7	I stammered dumbly , cowering now .
va	6	His job , his car , her tennis tournaments , children 's weddings and grandchildren , their whole life together .
va	10	" Okay Claire , there is nothing to be scared of .
va	10	They both watched silently while I headed for the Monet and took the painting down .
va	9	He waited expectantly for the blow to fall , but the fingers that touched his cheek were gentle and soft .
va	10	The stop at the Turkish civilian airport had been planned for a duration of three hours .
va	11	22 The rest of the voyage was uneventful , if you call morning sickness between two women uneventful .
va	7	He filed the information away and moved on to the next document .
va	8	It was then that Ivan understood everything .
va	10	It was a faint noise that brought him out of his reflections .
va	10	We have plenty of time to discuss details about CI later .
va	10	A great white space shark might glide in and think you are a meal . "
va	9	Zeal linked her arm in mine and we began to walk down the hillside .
va	9	" The child had fallen asleep on one of the chambers , by the way . "
va	8	He is a sailor and cannot spend time with her .
va	11	" I don 't believe running away is the answer , " he said .
va	10	With the strap wrapping around the leg , he pulled hard to tighten the cloth band around the skin .
va	9	It was just few paces from them and avoiding those was not possible .
va	7	" He announced his retirement from cable news last week , " said the man .
va	8	All that was left were the charred bones of the dead .
va	7	I put the slide on the microscope stage and slowly put my eyes up to the eyepiece .
va	8	After that , they slowed their pace , and the Prince lost track of time .
va	11	" Well done Ryan , your idea of lifting up radioactive waste material has been accepted by Washington .
va	6	Even comic books , she said , were good purchases .
va	6	The man , the Witch King , was fast , but so was Brick .
va	9	Still together , slight correction on a control line as a gentle breeze tries to push them off course .
va	10	It was like walking through something he 'd seen in a history book in the Tower Libraries .
va	8	Lance closes his eyes and can suddenly feel them , crawling around inside him .
va	10	I 'll be around to see you off tomorrow morning .
va	6	" Oh yes , " the new Angela answered , " and the front isn 't too bad either . "
va	11	" Do I really need to repeat myself ? "
va	11	The man blanched when he saw it , and jerked wide eyes back to Elaina 's glowing face .
va	6	Kenny and Brendon both answered in unison , ' yes Sir . '
va	6	George gazed into the fire .
va	9	And she wasn 't ashamed of any of it !
va	8	My pulse still throbbing , I leaned out of the train , grasping the stair rail for support .
va	9	Now he was left all alone to face Wolf Eyes .
va	11	' Maria , if there isn 't such a policy in existence for everyone else then find one ' .
va	7	" That 's okay , Butch , you 're just doing your job " Nat replied .
va	7	' This will get ugly , ' I said quietly .
va	9	Without pause , their apparent leader leapt to the ground and marched towards me , a hand gripping his sheathed saber .
va	10	He stood perfectly still while she came to him , waving her flag .
va	8	" Do you missed them ? "
va	8	Regardless of the weather , his Grenadiers were out patrolling the grounds , monitoring against the next surprise attack .
va	11	" I 've spoken to her a few times when I was helping her out on her trip with Wendy .
va	7	Oh wait , I can 't go next week , I have my third raid .
va	9	You have the same mannerisms when you work the weapon .
va	7	" Heh heh , " Riki cackled , and she nudged Neil with one elbow .
va	9	Atticus asked as he sat across from me in a couch chair .
va	9	Somewhere inside of her , an instinct is pushing her from her bed for some critical purpose .
va	6	She tensed again , breathed his name again , and this time a thousand tiny shivers flooded her body .
va	10	I 'm afraid I 'll hurt you . "
va	8	Most of the trees didn 't have leafs anymore , but on some of them , there were a couple left .
va	9	The smile which would now appear false fell as worry rippled through her .
va	7	And so , by this year over twenty percent of the employable population were now unemployed .
va	5	Remember , aim , breathe , release , " she ordered .
va	9	But he could not leave her , even if she did betray them .
va	6	Except for the blood running in rivulets down his arm .
va	9	The light , even to the eyes of black creatures , would give them away .
va	11	Sure , he 'd enjoyed his time in Texas but Massachusetts was where he belonged .
va	8	' I haven 't used the swords for a while . '
va	9	The door opened as he walked up to the portico .
va	9	They all shifted and peeked their heads the barest fraction over the barrier , just enough to see the advancing force .
va	7	She turned her head back to the laptop as if concentrating on her post .
va	11	It was twenty minutes later when the little girl cut off the road and headed west along the slope .
va	9	He also told me of other phenomena around the world and explained that my case was not so different .
va	8	" Did you tell him in a long-winded way or with only one word ? "
va	8	But either way , laddie , I end up hung .
va	11	Shouldn 't princesses be allowed to be free ? "
va	7	Her mama , my grandmother , and my great grandmother sit around the table inside the chairs , not smiling .
va	10	CHAPTER THIRTEEN It was dark now , as the trio rode along in Jimmy 's truck .
va	8	He opened another bottle of water and drank it in a leisurely manner .
va	6	She whined , but agreed , and then promptly closed her eyes .
va	8	So , I dressed and went to the next floor , being decided .
va	8	Sure or not , the thought only made her fight harder to free herself .
va	8	It has to go someplace ! "
va	8	Why not one of them ? "
va	7	Splashes of cement and whitewash gave it all a final artistic touch on the once shining surfaces .
va	9	Joshua again checked the cell phone and saw there still wasn 't a signal .
va	11	Kaylin thanked him and said we 'd think about it .
va	7	But in the case of glass the energy just passes through the atoms and comes out from the other side .
va	6	Zelda asks , her disciple long since dispatched for more reconnaissance .
va	8	I stared out of the window , stalling for time .
va	9	She struggled to a sitting position on her cot and looked around .
va	6	" Maia , I really don 't - " " There you are , " she said .
va	8	This normally blasts compressed air into the undercarriage jacks forcing the legs down , and then locking them .
va	7	" We 've already lost Di Luca and the king .
va	8	He slithered down the reverse side of the slope and took off after his friends .
va	6	" More of what ? "
va	10	What a scare they gave to a bunch of birds that had been resting in the upper branches .
va	9	She would have to tell Bob .
va	11	Especially since she 'd made it so clear how she felt .
va	7	For being so apparently unfit , you handled yourself rather well . "
va	5	Three more days , and then the public sees our masterpiece ! "
va	5	Tsuyoshi 's car was a new model , square-shaped Nissan Cube sedan .
va	10	It was then that Simon said to himself : " I 'm in Italy ! "
va	10	Never mind that some were at a huge disadvantage , thin and chained and freezing cold .
va	5	" Hey , no problem , " Ted replied .
va	11	It was like watching children consider birth , Conway thought .
va	9	His thoughts were scattered by the rustling of the leaves below him .
va	8	" Does that mean your Watson ? "
va	8	' Let 's go , ' I said , glancing at Reid .
va	11	He was sitting at his desk in the most recent incarnation of ' The Pit ' .
va	6	The Last Three By Almon Chu Smashwords Edition Copyright 2011 Almon Chu I The outside world came in through the window .
va	10	Edwin realised he 'd been out manoeuvred .
va	11	" Are you guys ready to go ? "
va	9	Sofia set a hesitant smile , scratching the back of her head .
va	11	They didn 't know what to make of it .
va	8	She took a sip of wine and looked at the letter again .
va	9	" I remember nothing , so have nothing to forgive . "
va	7	Someone you 'd pass by and not give a second glance .
va	9	He saw Bax scowl at the clerk .
va	10	" You have rarely been wrong in all the years of our friendship , Clancy .
va	7	We have lots of mysteries and secrets around here .
va	5	After a few tense moments , the house remained dark and quiet .
va	9	She still winced as the fine downy hairs on her upper lip were torn away .
va	7	I know where she is .
va	6	It 's a small shark , about a foot and a half long .
va	6	From the left , a woman in light armor appeared , with brown hair down to her shoulders .
va	9	They were surprisingly clean , if cold and old fashioned with chipped tiles .
va	10	" I thought we might help each other a little . "
va	10	If you like -- continue but ... .
va	7	Urgency filled his voice and he held her with a rigid firmness .
va	6	From his prone position Johnnie saw a second shadow rise up beside Vince .
va	11	Amy nearly asked how far it 'd be to walk .
va	6	He placed the gloves into the fourth roof truss hole from the door .
va	9	They both scurried down the tower as fast as their feet could carry them .
va	11	Spike hesitated , turning to look at the others .
va	9	And I have one more slight worry which gives me more pause .
va	10	Victoria halted and became teary-eyed when she saw her elder brother 's face .
va	8	~ But Chris didn 't go home straight away .
va	9	Although the sight was as terrifying as ever , my mind was focused on one thing , input the code .
va	8	Said they were done . "
va	9	Without missing a beat I said , " These bad boys will make you piss yourself . "
va	8	" Why are you so against helping him ? "
va	10	Claire looked at the girl behind reception sat reading a magazine .
va	10	He would never forget the way she looked that night .
va	5	" Must be ... sometimes the noise resonates down here .
va	10	We were flying under the radar with no lights and only basic navigation , no radios and no maps .
va	7	and " Whenever you tell your child , ' no , ' you stab your inner child in the eyeball . "
va	11	There was no room to park in the Mason 's cobbled yard .
va	6	My name is Officer Jim Meeks , and this is Officer Kevin Jenkins .
va	5	In this will , our daddy got nothing at all .
va	6	My uncle Dale Turpin has a farm out there . "
va	10	The streets were confusing , and I found myself lost on unfamiliar lanes over and over .
va	6	Damnation , it always came back to that .
va	8	It had been the cause of the trouble !
va	9	' If you lived everyday like that you 'd never be happy .
va	7	She looked over at the ambassador and they exchanged a nod .
va	5	Extra towels , a toothbrush , shampoo , conditioner , and face wash .
va	8	The flames lick up my spine , shooting hot coals through my arms and legs .
va	10	But what is it that attacks them ? '
va	11	Men leapt from their path as they charged through , leaving angry shouts in their wake .
va	11	Tips of green stuck out so I dug under the layers of tissue paper protecting the camera .
va	7	" So I don 't get paid otherwise ? "
va	8	The cube suddenly started to vibrate , and Jessica hastily dumped it on the table , backing off slightly .
va	8	The ones that might be lions in disguise .
va	10	All because you thought he was drunk ? "
va	10	" I can tell that you were doing something !
va	6	" Me and Evil Harry go way back , " said Cohen , rolling a cigarette .
va	6	" Gods , " Layla sighed , " you really are like your mother . "
va	8	The carcass lies at the edge of the trees , just within the forest .
va	8	" I 've seen one of those vehicles before . "
va	7	Mercedes Klein , daughter to the traitorous Joseph , had fallen in love with Logan .
va	6	" First we take the summit and check the equipment , " Richter said .
va	8	Doors opened as I strode down the corridor .
va	7	I couldn 't hear the words , never mind understand the French .
va	11	Yet his specialty -- and the musical style his teachers encouraged in him above all -- was the lute and voice .
va	7	Was the other operational ship within communication range of the mother ship ?
va	9	There were three of the Confederation in the Citadel .
va	11	Oh , were you thinking of buying something for a certain someone in your life ? "
va	6	He lifted the radio and keyed it .
va	8	The finish hastened toward him with the promise of his release .
va	6	" There 's one main room , small kitchen , smaller bathroom , tiny closet , no dishwasher . "
va	7	Many went into the crowded stuffy buses against their wills .
va	11	There were no emotions when he was talking about war .
va	9	It 's time for me to go ; I have other cases and other people to help .
va	11	But she guessed it must be something like this .
va	10	The day of changes eventually came which altered their view of each other forever .
va	10	A golden glimmer in the distance catches his eye , and he doubles his pace to catch up .
va	8	A woman in the corner shook out Miriam 's pinafore and pulled out Mana 's wooden comb .
va	10	Logan , watching it all , began smiling , a grim display of teeth in the gloom .
va	10	When I gushed my story to you , on the train to Rome , I skimmed over several things .
va	7	" Go ahead , open them , " Mike said a second later .
va	10	And I 'm gon na do something about it . "
va	8	The figure came at him in a lightening blur of speed .
va	8	" I am looking for my son , " the woman said .
va	9	Fear gripped him many times and on occasions like that Pierre would sweep in and change his thoughts .
va	8	Above Maya 's chair hangs a strange laser emitter array resembling a clawed hand with six fingers .
va	9	The faces looking back at him largely reflected relief , their breath visible in the cold room .
va	8	I need to go too .
va	7	Couldn 't NASA or the ISS group do a better job ?
va	7	After breakfast , we head back to the hotel , get our bags , and check out .
va	10	She made a bit of a name for herself up north when we were in Tyne last year . "
va	9	Now she would be discovered out of bed and sent back to her room in disgrace .
va	10	" He needs to be forced into the arena . "
va	9	The radicals replace him with a master imposter and order the execution of the dead king 's twin brother .
va	10	Christy picked up a roll and started to throw it at her .
va	8	Sky wasn 't budging but couldn 't hide the interest on her face .
va	8	He was still huddled in the corner , his clothing askew .
va	8	Another helpful hand from Mai reveals her worried face as she tosses her companion higher .
va	10	If it goes right you 'll be a fucking hero and all will be forgiven . "
va	9	Mana picked up a darning egg and looked at Miriam over the rim of her glasses .
va	7	They already took a dear friend of mine .
va	7	OK , let 's move it .
va	7	" He 's coming down the south slope , " she whispered .
va	11	He knew that most were seeing a movie for the first time .
va	6	With two vicious but careful slashes she disarmed him a second time .
va	8	" He 's only six but he is so worried about his older brother . "
va	10	It was there that he had learned both Greek and Turkish .
va	7	At one end of the hallway , there was a large freight elevator - also with heavy , steel doors .
va	6	Kelsey and her lieutenant , both in jeans and T-shirts now , walked over and silently joined the group .
va	8	He dumped out the water then laid the pan under the porch .
va	8	Stumbling over Jeremy 's corpse , all three went down in a heap .
va	8	The warm days got the young braves out to play their games on the ball field .
va	9	It made him shake with fury .
va	8	" I don 't understand what you mean . "
va	5	Oh , those two are naughty .
va	8	Maya asks with disbelief and a slight laugh , " What is the point ? "
va	8	Victoria 's stomach dropped and she strained to hear , remaining perfectly still .
va	8	You know what you 've done . "
va	5	" In their own way , I suppose so . "
va	8	At the moment , unconcerned with the former , Seven was searching for psychiatric counseling .
va	8	But this frustration you are feeling is much deeper than just my presence .
va	9	He was outwardly calm , he 'd shaved that morning and looked clean and well turned out .
va	6	" Come on , girl , " I said and picked her up gently .
va	7	His mind wandered back to that first day and his introduction to the apartments .
va	10	He set about pointing mics into the amps and around the drums .
va	7	" I 'm going , " Mana responded , holding his stare .
va	6	In his long career , he 'd seen a lot .
va	6	The horse sped through vast forest along the eastern road , without any delay .
va	11	I answered with a sly voice accompanied by a pair of pouty lips .
va	5	Well , you got one !
va	7	She hasn 't been beaten and behind the scenes , remains in charge .
va	11	He had a moment 's hesitation wondering if he was doing the right thing .
va	5	For half a second , my mouth mirrored his , but then it quickly disappeared .
va	6	She was beautiful , intelligent , witty , passionate and lived by her own moral code .
va	9	" I had a towel in the trunk , and I tried to clean him up .
va	7	" No , but you could tell she was really worried about him .
va	8	He had seen those cold , haunting eyes before .
va	6	" I won 't hurt you .
va	8	" Just grateful for when it comes . "
va	9	All physical things were made from the four pillars of the world .
va	8	I 've never seen one that young .
va	7	At the mention of this name , the king stood up from his throne and glared openly at him .
va	10	The Magnolia bleachers yelled and cheered as the team came out of the team tent .
va	6	" The first full moon , " Kenzie mused , then jerked upright on the bed .
va	10	I checked both California and Nevada newspapers plus every archive I could find .
va	8	Belief in a more meaningful existence than designer labels and Starbucks lattes wouldn 't do you any harm .
va	8	she hissed , great beads of perspiration standing out on her brow .
va	8	Fish isn 't in Moscow to assassinate the President . "
va	6	Then she closed the door and for the first time she turned the light on .
va	11	His face went from mad to terrified in a blink of an eye .
va	8	He blinked a couple times , " That was too easy ; what 's the catch ? "
va	9	The door to Reid 's room opened when we strolled past it .
va	6	" What about Pedro and pirates ? "
va	6	* * * " I make her laugh all the time , " I told Ron .
va	11	They had decided to get married at the first opportunity .
va	11	" I 'm sure she 'll be fine , Mum .
va	6	Chris looked first at Fletcher , then at Woolsey .
va	7	Adele paused , drawing a deep breath .
va	8	For not letting you know somehow that I was okay .
va	7	When his window doesn 't budge , he turns to his brother .
va	8	He could think of nothing else to say .
va	6	Come out here , you 're not even playing the fiddle !
va	8	We remember those frightful days as if it was yesterday .
va	10	" Added to all of this is the fact that I am indebted to you ! "
va	7	" In this valley the force is no longer compression but the opposite .
va	9	She didn 't just swing her purse like the previous gang of girls I fought . "
va	10	Though gray clouds still hung low in the sky , Chris noted they were moving quickly to the east .
va	7	" Good sweetheart , then get the Sig out of the safe and keep it with you . "
va	6	She and David spoke little on the ride home .
va	11	It is time to decide our next course of action . "
va	5	Jeff , Damien , Catcher , Mallory , Ethan , and Merit will go .
va	10	I forgot to get one at Wal-Mart today , " Melody replied .
va	6	" Whoa that guy really is me , " I whispered in pain at the sudden epiphany .
va	8	Finally , the wheels slowed and stopped in front of the estate .
va	8	But the captain appeared to have no doubts at all .
va	9	" Working here , you must be aware of the legends , Andrew .
va	10	Suddenly the portrait tore itself from the wall and began to beat its underlings around the head .
va	8	" I am Fox Eleven , a Manhunter of the Mountain People .
va	9	You think I 'm cute , don 't you ? "
va	7	Lea was in the middleweight division , so she lost the exchange and it made her back away from Hilda .
va	9	What was there to say really ?
va	11	No wonder we can never catch them , the Prince thought , somewhat absently .
va	8	Flowers , all of them were delightful and the butterflies with their brilliant wings enjoy their company .
va	6	An ' then ... " The boy 's eyes glazed over .
va	7	He is the king after all .
va	11	I began buying cases of all manner of canned goods as they were likely to keep .
va	10	Execute the plan I gave you and remain in surveillance mode in all interactions until I talk with you again . "
va	8	We 'll be plunged back into the dark ages .
va	5	He probably twisted an ankle or something .
va	6	007 , bring the limo around to this entrance . "
va	6	Five days later , we were at the fort .
va	8	Abbey knew he was worried .
va	10	Kneeling , I removed the knife from his back and used it to slice a hunk from his nightshirt .
va	9	As if realizing he had just said that out loud , Dr. Ortega snapped his mouth shut and rubbed his temple .
va	11	Now she stood in the same spot as the previous night , a sleepless night of rampant imagination behind her .
va	9	Mai sighs , painting a small smile on Rift 's face .
va	7	' What 're we looking at ? '
va	6	" Go on and pick it up . "
va	11	It now seemed to be composed of lumpy cobblestones , and Neil was bounced about uncomfortably as they descended .
va	10	If that meant shooting the student , then that NCO would have a very difficult memory to live with .
va	8	" I am always so scared ; sometimes I am frightened of my own shadow .
va	8	She then looked closer at the unconscious woman 's body ; they had been systematically torturing her .
va	10	Let me know what happens . "
va	11	Everyone was crying , well at least it seemed like it .
va	7	I 'll level with you .
va	8	The battle raged on and the Evil One was hurled to the ground !
va	9	said Beau , " We 're to guard the tanks now .
va	9	You 'll lay down your weapons and surrender to your treacherous doom or you 'll watch her brains coat the carpet .
va	6	At the same time he slid his legs between his opponents ' .
va	8	The answer was simple ... there wasn 't a dead body ; at least two people had left in the Toyota .
va	6	I put a finger to my lips .
va	6	Well over six feet tall with massive muscles all over his body .
va	9	It was time to step up .
va	7	When the truck arrived two minutes later , they packed up the balloon and loaded it into the flatbed .
va	9	But if you were going to battle , you couldn 't possibly be better dressed .
va	6	" OK , what about the servants and peasants ? "
va	11	So how come they had fallen asleep ?
va	9	They nodded their heads , but I didn 't see even one fake smile , for me anyway .
va	9	" There 's one guy with a pair of robotic arms .
va	11	Was she happy to see you ? "
va	6	" Tell me , " the Lady said , her voice sounded somewhat preoccupied .
va	8	" I knew something wasn 't right .
va	8	With the other hand she produced a rectangular box , opening it with a flourish .
va	8	Maybe I should sue the hotel for negligence ? "
va	9	The scenery was certainly different from that snowy day in March .
va	7	She wasted no time and poured out the contents onto the bedspread .
va	5	The Jonas Brothers rock on the ceiling .
va	6	So do his eyes , and that scar .
va	7	To see her younger brother was truly a big relief .
va	9	He managed to force a rather sad smile .
va	7	I went to Montana for four months and never talked to him again .
va	8	She 's in the cuffs until we figure this thing out . "
va	10	Are you going to retaliate ? "
va	10	They moved stealthily , placing their feet down gently when they walked , like cats .
va	7	But even the morning couldn 't bring relief from this dreamed reality .
va	11	This theory makes no attempt to shed light on the Creator or creation .
va	8	We entered the shadows beneath the trees in a hail of gunfire .
va	10	Ethan noticed that Sampson 's behavior over the past few weeks had become more irrational and unpredictable .
va	10	Only place to get this stuff is a military armory , " he thought .
va	11	Let us follow them and see what we discover tonight . "
va	11	I have no illusion about what I am and neither do these people .
va	9	It was entirely due to you that we completed the mission and escaped . "
va	9	The misplaced sense of duty and morality is far more than he can comprehend right now .
va	8	Thanks for letting me know .
va	8	Lisa demands , ignoring the pain in her feet and ankles .
va	7	By the sound of Pierre , it was something terrible .
va	9	" Oh , he said you already told him no -- " " But that was two years ago ! "
va	5	" Oh , stop , " Simon groaned .
va	7	My friend was one step ahead of me .
va	6	There were no rules and no ' decision . '
va	5	Now off ye all go and find yer treasure . "
va	7	Look deeper , the thought I felt seemed to say .
va	11	the questions started to come from all over the assembly .
va	11	She smiled brightly , hoping no further communication would be necessary .
va	9	There are hundreds of castles in Italy ! "
va	10	Maybe I don 't need to worry about her after all .
va	11	He continued to watch it while the sun slipped away .
va	11	She was cutting up the broccoli when Rick returned with two books .
va	9	" I know what 's behind your words .
va	8	The dragon glided and flipped in the air , avoiding each falling wreckage .
va	8	My fingernails dug into the palms of my hands , breaking the skin .
va	11	In honor of those who fought and lived .
va	7	We already have ears on her cell phone . "
va	6	" It 's worth a try . "
va	9	" I think we should go , " Austin said .
va	7	But the Angel and the forces for good threw the murderer out of the train . "
va	7	Chapter 22 Cheyenne , Wyoming " Dr. Kendall , your work on the Constitution has been exemplary so far .
va	8	She 's going to break .
va	10	Let me think about it and I will get back to you all . '
va	8	Braids turned around , crouching on the stairs .
va	6	He wore black trousers with high boots .
va	6	" But he was torturing you .
va	6	The girl on the computer screen is not in class .
va	9	Technically , he hadn 't opened the door to anyone ... " How long ago ? "
va	8	She reminded him with a wave of the blossom .
va	7	The caster flew to Elaina 's side with a shriek .
va	7	Turning , he opened his eyes and saw Sarah smiling at him .
va	10	What happened happen to be now ?
va	8	" I 'm planning on the unplanned , Elaina .
va	10	" They probably do , especially since you screwed up everything for us . "
va	8	He repeated , " I have never had a friend .
va	11	I had to admit that Jane had guts .
va	6	" I hope not , " snapped Nora , frowning and looking defiant .
va	9	Funny how quickly a weeping woman can be alone in a crowd .
va	6	The noise of the poor waiting there rose like a great wind upon the sea .
va	10	Because he wanted to be home ?
va	6	The bit with der giant woolly elephants , dey prob " ly weren " t real .
va	6	They wait tables , clean rooms , and make beds .
va	5	" Well , Paul , we had a different solution .
va	5	To the dungeon with you ! "
va	9	Go sit down and stick around after we 're done . "
va	5	Did you hear that ? "
va	8	His bladder was killing him now and fear was making it worse .
va	6	" I feel like such a fool . "
va	7	Rick looked at the next image -- a view of a mountain .
va	6	" Right , thank you , " Taylor shrugged .
va	9	Stood idle day after day despite his excelling training , and the terrible state of the civil war .
va	10	The shadow continues to reach out to her , but the figure has yet to become any more distinguished .
va	6	Much later , other sets of footsteps came up the stairs .
va	9	I was doing great at the Louvre and then Malcolm messed up everything .
va	9	Rather than see her , or hear her for that matter , he sensed her presence at his side .
va	9	Guess we 'll see soon .
va	11	His rage was so intense it was bordering on madness .
va	8	Yes , it is tonight ; how odd that no one told you ! "
va	8	His words cut through my excitement like a knife through the last piece of birthday cake .
va	9	" Where are we supposed to get them ? "
va	9	These silent rooms and halls with their gleaming green clusters of ornaments and burning crimson floors were beginning to depress him .
va	6	" I can 't believe this .
va	9	Takeo blocked everything Connor attacked with and Connor withstood all of Takeo 's counter strikes .
va	8	" Now look what I 've done !
va	7	Josie wasn 't eating , she was staring into the fire .
va	11	It was elegantly decorated and looked more like a young girl 's room than that of the future Emperor of Rome .
va	11	Is she going to be okay ? "
va	10	Isn 't it against international convention to be arming research vessels ? "
va	10	Mac stopped watching after that segment was done .
va	7	In the Ogre he used as a rolling Command Post , Aries sat back and listened to the radio chatter .
va	8	I mean , I 've never seen anything like it before . "
va	6	Despite his new outlook , his pulse quickened and breath caught at the thought .
va	11	There are lots of stories of that kind of thing happening . "
va	7	Shielded from her view , Chris rolled his eyes .
va	9	The little shreds of her that remained couldn 't handle looking at his face .
va	9	Folks were beginning to stir ; someone looked out for a brief moment and then withdrew .
va	8	" Well it looks like your standards are slipping , my Lord .
va	6	Would it ever be the same again , or had a seemingly eternal monument fallen this evening ?
va	10	" At least he didn 't have to blow a darn hole in the surface ! "
va	9	She whirled and slammed the door , catching him off balance and knocking him back a few steps .
va	9	The effect was instant , like changing the batteries in a run-down appliance .
va	10	He felt like he was trespassing on sacred ground .
va	10	" The longer you stay in it , the more you start to realize how mortal you are . "
va	11	Now keep smiling at me until we get into the restaurant . "
va	6	I didn 't just need clothes now .
va	8	It was quite loud and echoed across the lake and back .
va	7	Trust me , it isn 't as fun as it sounds .
va	11	She would have to pass Jack 's office on the way out .
va	9	Playing " host " to these visitors was enough stress to kill a horse .
va	6	" No , it was grey , " she said with a slight grin .
va	8	As he jerked back on the neck , he jammed the knife into the creature 's back .
va	10	He heard a crack of a twig in the opposite direction , turned his horse and sped off in pursuit .
va	10	The best part is , the results will inevitably draw attention and encourage similar efforts elsewhere .
va	6	" Aye , the young lord 's a stubborn one , right he is .
va	11	" Do you have some other plan to suggest ? "
va	8	" I registered us downstairs together .
va	10	The blue lights flow quickly through veins and capillaries until the entire region has turned blue .
va	10	' She 's studying in my room so shouldn 't miss it . '
va	7	Just then a shadowy flutter of white came along the bushes and stopped beside the bear .
va	8	In the distance , a movement on the high bank to the left caught Scott 's eye .
va	9	It could hardly even be called a license plate for that matter .
va	6	I go crazy and my blood pressure peaks every time I hear their voices .
va	9	The remaining men , three all told still standing , drew their swords and made to run the Prince through .
va	9	She whispered , " What 's going on ? "
va	7	What 's gotten into you guys ? "
va	6	She 's Greek , and she has some good taste . "
va	5	In the hallway , the woman paced up and down .
va	8	Dead ends and disorientation are all the boy finds .
va	7	I will be a Guardian and then they 'll be sorry .
va	10	" You 're not going to believe this , " said Kevin .
va	7	He canted his eyes back and forth between the axe and Zoe then stood , and sat right back down .
va	10	She needs to get used to it .
va	9	He noticed she was breathing fast .
va	6	At one time his name was honey or babes but somewhere along the way the pet labels vanished .
va	9	Toby was giggling and there , standing behind him , in the flesh and chortling with delight , was Jacob Crawford .
va	9	In addition , many adults depict themselves in a much better light than they are in reality .
va	7	I must be going now . "
va	9	He patted her hands as if to comfort her .
va	10	" Tell Leah we 'll be there . "
va	5	First a look , then a head shaking , her only retort .
va	9	He was trying to break free .
va	9	" I used to meet my close friend Aimee for croissants every morning . "
va	7	" I was almost five years old at the time . "
va	7	I do accept credit cards , but two thirds of a toasted cheese sandwich would do just as nicely . "
va	9	We loaded and checked our weapons as the carriage pulled up .
va	8	There was movement behind me while the others exited the room .
va	7	There was the sound of another distant explosion .
va	9	There did not seem to be any danger .
va	6	However , he was nowhere near his own standard .
va	9	" Then let 's pray to God they don 't receive one . "
va	6	They encountered no resistance and soon reached the city limits .
va	9	She could hear David and John talking outside the cottage .
va	10	Though it used to be the safest , now the scouts dreaded patrolling it .
va	6	The horse , a rich dappled brown mare , righted its footing and then slowed its step .
va	10	He motioned for me to sit down , but the stubborn side of me refused .
va	7	Natalie and Sophia ran out to the conservatory as fast as they could .
va	7	" I 'm cut to the quick . "
va	10	Chapter 6 In the morning , Zoe woke to the sound of dripping water .
va	11	Claire sat up straight , wincing as her chair legs scraped on the floor .
va	9	Harold nodded , " The terms were fair , we could have been a lot harder on them .
va	10	She could see John from the top of the little knoll she had just climbed .
va	9	" Most likely they would partake in a lottery of some form . "
va	7	Helen shouted from the balcony , and Laurence looked straight to her .
va	7	She braced herself for that , and now , she supposed , she could not be disappointed .
va	7	They 'd been more a mob than an audience .
va	8	Want me to pick you up ? "
va	8	Archie began to laugh but stopped and stared ahead of them .
va	6	" Not now , Oksana , " he said in flawless Russian .
va	10	Stay here no matter what happens , and stay in touch .
va	7	Robbie called me the other day , he 's ready when we are .
va	8	Yes , it was just the stress following the long journey up from Austin and returning back to Arkham .
va	8	" If you live with us , " Donovan said , " in a community , you won 't need to .
va	6	It had a sketch map , the only actual map of the valley Vimes had seen .
va	7	Then Shaykh Saif was speaking , and Layla focused on the matter at hand .
va	8	" I hope they choke on the food . "
va	11	" I 've never seen any , " Josie replied , although she wondered if she might just have .
va	6	The Oracle 's eyes snapped back to the four , her sapphire eyes ablaze .
va	6	" Team members will be : Brad , Conrad , Lexie , Jake , Alex , and Serena . "
va	5	" Ooh , ooh , I do " said Phillip .
va	11	The motion of the ship where more fierce than what we are used to .
va	6	" Did you say something , Gerry ? "
va	8	The new memory is really giving him a new lease on life . "
va	10	He put the bill in his pocket and pushed aside the drape that hid the attic door .
va	8	He was down by Dr. Cunningham 's lab , " said Jenny , leaning forward and lowering her voice .
va	6	I cried for the first time in my life .
va	8	He reined in , listening intently with his head to one side .
va	8	" What is the same for you , Finn ? "
va	8	asked Ben , tilting his head toward Mohammed .
va	9	" Why don 't we unpack our groceries and get settled in a little ? "
va	10	Something that he needed to release .
va	11	" Yes , " I said , my heart blooming and filling some of the hollow spaces in my chest .
va	8	She is 3,200 miles ahead of us and two miles above our current altitude .
va	6	The slight jerk of the rope snapped Rick out of his trance .
va	9	I 'm a captain in the US Coast Guard at present ... .
va	9	This campaign would take some 170 years before the Spanish established substantive control over all Maya lands .
va	7	The paper bands around the packs were marked , in dull yellow print , " $ 10,000 ! "
va	10	Your attorney friend Joe back in Fayetteville filled me in on your history .
va	6	Mighty temples of glory soared into the heavens , with amusement park rides , lunchboxes , and trading cards .
va	10	It was the only place she could get some privacy , during the holidays .
va	7	Video cameras panned across the crowd and the fighting surface in between each match .
va	11	" I 'm not sure that 's what Happy Cola really want . "
va	10	A loud burp escaped the child , much to the amusement of the children nearby .
va	11	The simple mechanics of it helped to distract him from the enormity of recent events .
va	7	he said , turning around again .
va	7	Sparks flew from the mount 's cobbled feet .
va	10	" What I would give to be off this mountain . "
va	10	Know that God is the fairest judge and the most doting father ' say the Heavenly Chapters .
va	6	" Well , no , it was - " " Don 't worry about it .
va	7	The harsh winds pushed against its rusted side and made the metal creak and moan .
va	11	Chaos ensued as the soldiers scrambled into the cover of the wood line .
va	7	" He 'll never have my fashion sense , smooth lines or moves with the ladies . "
va	9	A team of four thruster crews approached as the door swung open beneath them .
va	10	When Scott reached Sidney he squatted down in front of her .
va	6	" Now , Queen , " said he , " this is your first battle . "
va	10	" Do you know what you need ? "
va	6	" Morning , " he said , and kissed her .
va	9	That seemed to do it for Keith .
va	10	Mike nodded and replied using the other Japanese word that he knew .
va	11	The group of men toppled over one another as Alita 's body flew on top of them .
va	7	After the rush of activity , we sat in silence , resting for long moments .
va	8	The direction of the wind was least favorable to the Wench , and her pursuers were quickly growing near .
va	8	Mike 's hands rested on his hips as he addressed her .
va	6	" Spring seems such a long time away , " said Geller , rubbing his hands together .
va	7	He retraced his steps back into the kitchen and tried the other door .
va	9	He couldn 't help but notice though that the light down here looked funny .
va	6	No , don 't get up .
va	11	Simon asked , hoping the inspector could shed more light .
va	10	" Kobi , what 's wrong with your arm ? "
va	7	While they were talking they leaned on it .
va	9	I put my legs between them for not closing and I raised Helen up , holding very tight her hair .
va	6	" Admit it , " he whispered .
va	10	Hailey waited for him to stop crying .
va	5	" Please , come forward , my son . "
va	10	Dr. Cook knew Thane would come for him , for the formula .
va	6	" Of course they will , " Parnell replied reasonably .
va	11	They pushed quite a ways into the forest , ducking under hanging tree fronds and circling giant banana plants .
va	5	" I 'm Alejo . "
va	10	Returning to their optimal viewing area below the balcony , the sisters wait to see the fruits of their labor .
va	6	An actor with no lines and no future .
va	10	Another crack punctuated a bead of sweat forming on his brow .
va	5	Out the viewports , the sun continued its slow descent .
va	6	" It 's not a bad description , " said Heston , sipping the wine .
va	10	" So , did you see anybody in the other rooms ? "
va	7	What could I do , another lesson learnt .
va	7	Lee waited patiently , eyeing the empty , parked truck .
va	11	It didn 't seem to be helping him , but it didn 't hurt either .
va	6	He takes a deep breath and responds somberly , " Yes , Sir . "
va	6	A small , wizened elderly man peered at us through the narrow crack .
va	7	She could reject it , and then the couple was finished .
va	8	And with that the two young men made a bow like eighteenth century courtiers .
va	10	She 's to be delivered untouched .
va	6	I stare at his scar .
va	7	I 'll get all that to you later . "
va	7	" What ... what the hell it 's going on ? "
va	5	And how much longer will that be ? "
va	6	" How do you hang this up ? "
va	9	It had to go somewhere , after all .
va	8	" Pick that up at once , " Mana said .
va	10	" Thanks , it 's good to see you guys too .
va	10	He paused , dipping the brush in a red dye and then darkening the red sun .
va	8	" Okay , so during one of our pregnancies a problem occurred . "
va	5	One way or another , the riders were quite impressed .
va	7	A year later he had founded his fourth company : the first internet bartering company .
va	8	Linda suddenly said , " Flare over there sir . "
va	7	She brandished a forest green dress with a square neckline and short sleeves at her uncle .
va	9	Most men just assume the chairs are for them .
va	9	" Just gon na arrange breakfast and do a linen change , big guy . "
va	7	A few more minutes of this and the thing would pulverize her .
va	8	" I hear something crawling along the floor beyond the hall . "
va	10	' I think Dad 's just gone in the house . '
va	10	I followed , pretending to join them .
va	11	Morrie sat at a rekindled fire , boiling something sweet in a pot , perhaps morning tea .
va	7	Neil was already running towards the steps .
va	8	We just have to be vigilant .
va	6	" Only a moment and remember , he 's under some heavy pain killers .
va	8	Anyway , Dari as a couple name sounds right to me , " Sarah answered and left her sketch .
va	5	The pained scarlet is more prominent .
va	10	Like that 's going to happen .
va	10	This one who tries to break the Spear ?
va	6	" How do you know this ? "
va	6	His words -- his own words -- had caused his friend agony .
va	6	The rest of the group mimicked this motion and climbed the surrounding trees .
va	11	They would all turn to follow her in an instant and you know it .
va	9	You don 't mind staying over , do you ? "
va	8	" Mortars , shift right fifty meters , add ten meters , concentrated sheaf . "
va	7	Both boys kissed their parents on the cheek , grabbed my things , and ran back through the swinging kitchen door .
va	10	She bent down to see how Andrew was .
va	7	" Because I promised Phillip I wouldn 't let you near me until after the bloodletting . "
va	8	Retrieving her paperback she thumbed through the pages until she found her spot .
va	9	And that was the point of the fence , he knew .
va	8	" So much for a coincidence , " I whispered , settling into the seat opposite the sleeping man .
va	10	Once again the whip flashed in the hands of the boss of bosses .
va	8	" We 've got work to do . "
va	5	' No , indeed , ' said the Senior Wrangler brightly .
va	11	He had heard the weird names the Westerners called food in this area .
va	7	" What 's your goal with that ? "
va	6	From her tall palace balcony she saw buildings on fire from far away .
va	9	General Sampson would be honored by the comparison , but regardless we are conducting a full investigation into the matter .
va	10	Making me think about it ? "
va	7	Suddenly it was an expression of menace .
va	9	After all , she wasn 't acting as an agent of the government .
va	6	Conway duly noted the ragged jackets and coats on open-air worshipers .
va	5	" Now , Mr. Neil , you were saying ? "
va	7	" That our betrothal is ... difficult ? "
va	10	Claire felt torn between following his lead and maintaining her icy silence .
va	7	" There was a revolution on the island ? "
va	6	" Known acquaintances : Pierre DuPont , Jean Claude DuPont , and Jacques Bousquet . "
va	9	asked VIN , not believing what he just heard .
va	8	Steady , what 's that you 're thinking ?
va	8	Brenner you 'll be jumping with the new radio ... .
va	10	This just keeps getting stranger , but they seem pretty sure I 'm their guy .
va	8	They moved off the main dirt road into the low brush ringing the surrounding fields .
va	10	But what drew the Prince 's eye was the enormous sheathed sword propped carelessly against the stove .
va	10	' It won 't be practical for all of us to go that way . '
va	5	" Your old man isn 't very chatty , eh . "
va	7	Neil looked at him in surprise , and Simon jerked his head at the cliff wall .
va	11	" Mr. Neil proposes to view the island today , with Riki as his guide . "
va	5	During her junior year , a week after her twentieth birthday , Rikki Weld had an abortion .
va	6	" They were both attending the same financial conference , and met for a drink later that evening . "
va	8	I looked Atticus in the eyes and hesitantly replied , " Garden Grave . "
va	10	Do you have news from Brasov ? "
va	10	Hoping to take her mind off her pain , he searched for anything to distract her .
va	8	So serious for so early in the day !
va	6	Aimee put her arm around his back .
va	8	It was impossible to hide .
va	7	" But , before I let that happen , I 'll need you necklaces .
va	7	The riders halted and looked back at her .
va	9	Atticus and I were tucked up against the tailgate holding our breath .
va	7	It was not wet , but instead dry and crumbling .
va	10	" Natasha , I cannot tell you what I do not know , " Mayhem explained .
va	9	" I wanted to take her some things before she left . "
va	6	" They do not slow him up much , Master . "
va	6	We stare at each other .
va	7	Jessica blurted , with two fingers tightly clasped on her nose .
va	7	The food was hominy and corn bread and venison , with jellies and honey and dried fruit .
va	6	Malcolm glanced back at the door .
va	11	" I 'll need you to stand away from the barn a bit .
va	10	However , since moving to Malaysia two years ago , his height had become awkward .
va	11	He should have realised that something like that might happen .
va	11	She was thinking about what happens after this .
va	8	" Thank you for your very kind opinion of me !
va	8	Cade watched her with a small frown marring his forehead .
va	7	David nodded and joined Seamus at the table .
va	10	' We took ze points you made seriously , ' Raphael said .
va	8	His body swelled to the size of a large horse .
va	8	I 'd heard enough , and I dashed away .
va	10	What use to call on him ?
va	9	Mark stepped in , calmly reaching out with both hands open , intercepting Pete .
va	7	It 's just past one in the morning .
va	8	In all our years of friendship , Logan had never once offered any apology for his noble birth .
va	7	" Euphoria and , surprisingly , it 's actually the Human preferred state of being . "
va	6	" We woulda driven , " John said .
va	9	Of course , I shouldn 't have told you that , but you both looked so upset and lost .
va	8	Mom got that look too .
va	9	He was certain something was wrong .
va	7	On John 's signal , detonators were set and the group made their way back to their getaway underground .
va	8	She turned back to her father with huge eyes , looking for support .
va	7	' By the time you view this message , we will be on our way to our new home .
va	7	" You in position , Savvy ? "
va	6	" Young , attractive , smart , old , ugly , poor ; they 're all still cattle . "
va	8	His eyes were wide with disbelief ; then he smiled .
va	10	Women mustn 't know what men say in Earth Heart . "
va	7	Another sigh left my lips : my partner was being unusually vocal .
va	8	Silver continued to push him .
va	7	They hauled their drunken selves outside and into the crisp autumn air .
va	11	He sent one cohort to go seek out a cow for sacrifice .
va	7	Must be the constant contact and the danger , Mike thought .
va	7	The door nearly closed on Maria , but they both got in without a problem .
va	8	I wonder if there 's a key .
va	9	I knew I must reach it .
va	8	As Miriam watched , a woman stepped in front of the desk with another sheaf of papers .
va	6	He picked up a napkin and wiped his mouth .
va	7	Anatole reached out and yanked it off unceremoniously .
va	11	She had stared at him in silence for almost half a minute , realizing that the end had come .
va	5	" Good heavens , I had no idea .
va	9	Skull screamed , tears began to fall from her eyes .
va	8	" And you had been doing so well ... " she spun away , his mind spinning with her .
va	9	The fence shadows grew longer across the yard from the west and the damping air cooled the concrete .
va	9	Heaven knows Dallas could use one .
va	10	No one was going to come help me .
va	7	" You 've got that right , " he said with feeling .
va	7	A branch snaps behind me , and I shiver .
va	11	You have to take care of you and your leg .
va	7	At the end of the alley , Melody finally ran out of privacy fence .
va	6	They both fell to the floor in a bloody heap .
va	7	Finan digested this information in silence .
va	9	Even so , he could see the outlines of those hellish clouds everywhere he looked .
va	9	His injuries appeared to have healed and he walked with a barely visible limp .
va	10	They would have to move , and soon .
va	9	You people are by far the most interesting subjects I 've come across in eons . "
va	9	" No , I 'm trying to be precise .
va	8	Chris smiled too before grabbing her arm .
va	9	He was use to this by now -- I think .
va	9	This didn 't even seem to faze the creature .
va	10	" You 're going to be alright , " Lizzie assured her .
va	10	One indicated esteem for a guest with a greeting that ignored all others .
va	7	The man quickly turned to Tsuyoshi and muttered a word in a mocking tone .
va	6	Why you came back after all those years . "
va	8	They took her into that dreadful factory , the Devil 's Kitchen .
va	10	She slid down the mud a few feet , ending up with her right foot on top of the object .
va	7	To his surprise , when the car stopped he was not at the police station , but at the local hospital .
va	8	It should be OK in there .
va	7	From the room beyond emerged a young man wearing little more than a towel .
va	9	The smaller man fell back into the shop followed by Charlie .
va	9	He pulled the gloves and the rifle out of the truck and started back up the hill .
va	9	None of the Grenadiers had ever seen a person take such punishment and keep fighting .
va	11	Do you know if he finished ? "
va	7	Ali 's fingers danced over the screen , and a few seconds later it was done .
va	8	There was a murmur of agreement from the men at this .
va	10	Bron raised his hand in a gesture of farewell , and moved to follow the warrior 's tracks .
va	10	" When you tried to run away , when I stopped you .
va	9	She went through the other movie choices and mentally reviewed their suitability as bedtime material .
va	10	The girls sang along with every other female led by Calvin 's high voice .
va	7	Blood rushed to my face , and the room felt about a hundred degrees hotter .
va	11	This indicated that Dustin admitted that the matter was serious .
va	5	" A few things , here and there , " Gabriel replied .
va	6	" I 'll go , " one of the young women said and stepped forward .
va	8	She had big pots for cooking stews and boiling food .
va	8	Arriving at the door , he took a test sniff , but even here the smell was awful .
va	11	I must have grown some new memories to replace the old or something .
va	9	I merely closed my eyes and pictured things as they should 've been .
va	10	" You have got to be shitting me ! "
va	10	Reid followed me in the Jaguar as I headed down a series of narrow country roads .
va	6	He had no shirt , camouflaged pants and a turret machine gun .
va	9	There were six to the south , four more several days ' ride to the east .
va	11	She curled into a ball on the ground next to Noah , mortally wounded yet still dangerous .
va	8	Sometimes these men are referred to as wizards .
va	10	After a while Katherine decided she couldn 't and wouldn 't eat another thing .
va	9	I assume you must have some plan . "
va	8	Then I brought my left fist into his side with full force , releasing some static charge in the process .
va	10	She passed out as a man in patient 's garb walked towards her .
va	8	I 've sent them east -- " " East ?
va	9	" We know you 're in there .
va	10	I tried to lead him out of the room but this guy was much stronger than he looked .
va	7	" You 're right , " the salesman smiles , taking a cocky stance .
va	10	Rafe heaved a sigh of relief , and then it struck him that she had not really answered his question .
va	5	Chapter 5 A vast expectancy flooded the living rock .
va	9	The shapeshifter had not come to Arizona to replace a petty bureaucrat .
va	10	I know that I could outrun him , but suddenly I don 't want to .
va	10	Alex approached almost shyly , looking up at Conor for confirmation .
va	10	I moved my head from left to right , looking at each of the council members before speaking .
va	6	" This , " said Mark , " this is all surely a pure superstition . "
va	6	Not one hint of spice or warmth .
va	11	He had taken them unto himself and not rejected the leadership or the responsibility .
va	10	The sand curved around a series of wickedly sharp rocks , and Riki splashed out of the waves .
va	11	" Wear it around today to break it in , " she said .
va	6	The cab pulled to a stop next to an abandoned warehouse .
va	7	" Why didn 't you say something last night at the campfire ? "
va	11	This time he did not have to search the woods for partridge or quail eggs to cook up his specialty .
va	7	Zeal floundered on the floor , her face red with fury .
va	10	At first , he thought that it had come from Melody .
va	11	All thoughts of the funeral were gone as he pondered the strange discussion with Mike 's boss .
va	10	We 'll have to keep a look out for them .
va	5	For several moments , the room divider and I teetered back and forth .
va	7	Sarah broke three more eggs into a bowl and turned back to the stove .
va	10	" You wouldn 't happen to want to ... uh . "
va	11	He slides downward toward the opening that now dangles over the cavern .
va	10	Knew what was important to her .
va	7	I got up from my chair , and squatting near her .
va	10	The odd sight of a man being carried by two let her gasp for words in excitement .
va	10	If you call it that in crazy golf .
va	11	" Anything you want to talk about ? "
va	9	I 'll wake you when the fire dies down . "
va	6	Then a sound , a horrible wet throaty sound , drove the answering smile from my face .
va	5	For the next hour , she and Alex talked , laughed , and teased .
va	8	Shocked by her sudden appearance , Rift manages not to overreact too badly .
va	9	Neil , who sat as quietly as possible , nearly screamed with frustration .
va	11	I could not resist observing that Heraklion city look alike Athens .
va	6	That would be a mistake .
va	8	As she has freely forgiven you , you need not feel guilty anymore . "
va	6	" So well intended , and yet so insulting , " Gale whispers in my ear .
va	8	Only partway through my pastry and cardamom tea , and already a panicked man stands chattering to me about a monster !
va	10	There had to be a reason for this .
va	10	It felt as if all the eyes in the valley were on them as they climbed .
va	10	" Don 't know , we were just trying to figure that out , " piped up Ricky .
va	7	" Come now Chalky , it 's not your airfield ; it belongs to His Majesty the King . "
va	8	Then he hired Malcolm to take my place . "
va	7	Taking a Swiss army knife , I knelt and cut the duct tape binding their ankles .
va	10	I told him so many times that that was a bunch of hogwash .
va	8	He sees stars and recognizes the outside hull and transparent bulkheads of Refuge Station .
va	8	Josie gasped at the sight of Jimmy .
va	10	He sensed here a mystery darker than the degeneracy he had anticipated .
va	9	After walking into the coin shop , a man stepped out from the back office to greet him at the counter .
va	6	From the same direction he heard glass clink and smelled something acidic .
va	9	We 're gon na ' have beautiful children .
va	6	" My lady , " he said coldly and bowed .
va	8	Although we 're not exactly in Windermere .
va	11	My source tells me that they are having problems bringing together the appropriate resources .
va	9	Hector himself , a middle aged Asian of Vietnamese descent , was impeccably but casually dressed as usual .
va	10	At that Teddy chipped in ' it would be a nice place to have a ski lodge ' .
va	8	From then on , whenever she would see him she would put his hat on her head .
va	6	" Well , Bobby , " I said , " I 'm feeling generous tonight . "
va	9	" It looks like the rich dude is just like you .
va	11	" I bet you hit the BX at Creech , kid , " said Jonesy laughing .
va	7	" Speaking of which , I could make it there and back by sunset . "
va	10	But I could prevent him from continuing in the future .
va	8	Hard to believe now . '
va	9	Loot cut the heads off with his hatchet and then dropped them into a pot of boiling water .
va	10	I got by mostly by ransacking old farms for anything I could find .
va	11	He just needs a little time to get used to his new body .
va	6	The woman at the front desk , all too obviously watching the clock , seemed eager for her break .
va	7	He plucked a few tissues from a nearby box and slipped the flimsy paper patches into her hands .
va	8	" You cannot deceive me , Sage , " Din bellows through her chosen 's lips .
va	6	" She 's not a creature , " pouted Eric , " But she 's still a myth or legend .
va	7	We turned down a dusty , dirt road and pulled off to the side under a big umbrella tree .
va	8	" It is possible that it is not needed . "
va	10	" I don 't think it would go over too well though .
va	11	Alfred started to walk , pulling her arm to follow the group .
va	9	She said , snagging the purse from the table as she left .
va	7	I 'd told him all about Aimee .
va	8	Sparks crackled from the pins on her head , and her eyes flashed like a car 's hazard warning lights .
va	7	Code is , rush gamma sixteen priority one , " Vickers states loudly .
va	7	Then there 's Earth ... she snorted softly to herself .
va	9	The effect it had on Ted was anything but soothing .
va	10	" Time to shove a jalapeño up their tailpipes . "
va	7	The coyote sat on its haunches , licking blood off its mouth , then paws .
va	7	The book Wizard shook and tossed the mystic candle aside and flung open its pages .
va	8	" I have chosen you for a great honor , " he said .
va	7	Alejo warily punched the talk button and pressed an ear to the speaker .
va	7	" I 'm sorry ... I don 't know ... " She clenched her eyes against the anguish and confusion .
va	7	An ' ta be fair , they 've every right ta be .
va	9	" Once production is in place and we really get rolling , do you realize how rich we 'll all be ?
va	9	Rick held up a hand to stop her .
va	8	" Let 's go for a walk . "
va	5	" No , no , cool is just an expression .
va	6	Her flight through the servants ' ways , the laundry and the linen closet , skulking about after dark .
va	10	You should think seriously about starting one , you might find it helps . "
va	9	And now you think to buy your freedom with a knife ?
va	10	" They 're boots ; they 're meant to be dirty . "
va	6	" There 's always the sea , " I said offhandedly .
va	6	I looked back and forth between the pan and Malcolm .
va	9	My parents will wonder where I 've gone . "
va	7	She seemed a little unsure , so I nodded .
va	6	" I fought them , but they wouldn 't stop .
va	11	I know that would have made him anxious . "
va	11	Manuel began to head to the stands toward Margie .
va	11	I said , " You sure you want to stop , let 's just go on . "
va	8	They started walking back to town .
va	9	The focus required to operate 007 had been exhilarating .
va	8	He hoped it would hold .
va	8	We built a Sunbrella fence around it , looks like part of the boat folds out-of-the-way in seconds .
va	9	" I have to see your Master , " Sofia scowled .
va	11	It 's time to get back to our heroes and their current predicament .
va	6	She isn 't though , no matter the coat and the Changing . "
va	8	I needed to say something .
va	11	They might have been locked into a compartment in the ship .
va	10	The next instant the boys had disappeared before the eyes of the old man and the crowd .
va	11	" I took the liberty of bringing a couple of pieces down with me .
va	9	I thought he would kill me .
va	6	At least , not until we go back to England .
va	6	He was letting off some steam .
va	8	" Did you say you have a few openings ? "
va	5	You see , the fork and I have the same tone .
va	11	He went back and covered her , kneeling down to give her a kiss .
va	8	A Lost Souls like them , " he said referring to the small glittering creatures .
va	7	I pointed towards his previous position , and the American smiled in agreement .
va	10	I look down at my sleeping brother , and I need someone to believe in me .
va	8	" I found him in a clearing at the far end of the mountains .
va	9	He deactivated the headset as he turned to the fire control cell .
va	9	But did I hear you say something about leaving ? "
va	8	Then she heard the splashing and a cry for help from her brother .
va	8	Like a dam breaking , the little girl crumbled and dissolved into a wave of tears .
va	9	There 's no need to hurt us . "
va	7	" Dad probably passed out , " she joked to herself , then he heard Ted 's footsteps on the landing .
va	8	Nigel clicked on the link and blazed through the article , absorbing every detail .
va	7	He reached up and put all his weight on a branch .
va	6	There is something strange about her , something wild and hungry .
va	11	I had to believe he was still alive .
va	7	" Do we stand here all day , or are you going in ? "
va	7	" You didn 't miss anything , " Lonnie said .
va	5	Then , " Come on Maya .
va	7	Shoving my hands in my pockets , I stepped from my porch and headed for the creek .
va	9	There was no time to avoid it .
va	11	Though he had gathered the necessary intelligence from her , he had been unsuccessful in moving their association beyond friendship .
va	11	" Good , for ' tis you who would probably come off the loser , you clumsy great oaf ! "
va	6	Hours later , Hank awoke with a start in the grey morning light .
va	8	It was hard on the body , and hard on the spirit as well .
va	7	" Sorry I shot down your summer vacation , boys , " he said .
va	10	Gone were the silly hand-me-downs taken from the giveaway bin at the church .
va	10	" I was going to shoot him , " I whispered .
va	8	" Why not coordinate the radio broadcast and the shut down ? "
va	10	Harold sat back in his chair and rubbed his face with his hands before looking back at Nathan .
va	7	I stopped the spinning with a loud thump on the ground , causing a small shock wave .
va	11	Putting out fires was dangerous - as her father had proven , with his life .
va	10	One by one other voices joined the first until the whole pack was crying at the night .
va	10	What was going to happen to her ?
va	5	" But ... Julian ... " " Julian was your first husband . "
va	7	We now had a name for the elusive " A " .
va	11	They began crossing the river as fast as they could swim .
va	8	' I 'll keep you company , ' Amy said and climbed onto the bed with her .
va	10	How these people all know how to find us is beyond me !
va	7	He lifted his head and gazed at me with a tortured expression .
va	8	" We 've reached the King 's Road , " said Harald .
va	9	I was hungry but too exhausted to make food , so I remained on the sofa and closed my eyes .
va	7	" You , " the sergeant picked a young boy about twelve years old .
va	8	She dropped her pack and lay down and rested for a little bit , and then started the food preparation .
va	8	Twelve I found the note confirming Malcolm 's story .
va	7	No sooner had he uttered the words then the sound of the helicopter faded .
va	9	Elaina didn 't complain , didn 't speak at all , and Landon didn 't let go of her hand .
va	9	A couple of feet from the craft , he took a few very frightened seconds to see the nothingness around him .
va	9	They walked far to see rocks ?
va	7	" When do you both go back to school ? "
va	7	Walking over slowly and reaching , she said , " Then I guess you leave me no choice . "
va	6	" Well , Spencer ... it 's been ... " " Don 't you like your coffee ? "
va	6	Refusing his pleas over and over again , she eventually apologized and ended the communication .
va	7	Rick thought a moment , fuming slightly .
va	7	He threw his father down onto the floor , and kicked him once in his head with his boots .
va	8	Cool air breezed across my face and hair sending goosebumps down my arms .
va	8	She will stay on bread and water for another week , " she added .
va	10	You must study for the love of it and to satisfy your curiosity .
va	8	They 're from Australia and this is their first visit to England . "
va	11	He was too much of a gentleman to allow it .
va	8	How can we help Toby in the next few days ? "
va	11	" There 's never been a need to think like this .
va	7	The dragon opened its jaws and drew in a breath .
va	8	Look at the size of you ! "
va	10	The unloading would take another two hours , and the work had to be done slowly and carefully .
va	6	" Maybe they are our caretakers , " she said .
va	5	" The extra size kind of gave Bobby a heart attack . "
va	6	" She is mine , " he stated with his jaw thrust forward .
va	9	" ' Let your trials serve justice , not pageantry ' say the Heavenly Chapters !
va	7	Though it was day , the dark clouds overhead turned all to night .
va	6	" Oh , Gemma , it 's you ... Good God , you frightened me . "
va	9	On the window 's sill sat a large bunch of multicoloured flowers that filled the room with a delicate scent .
va	9	' So far , I have only ever killed to defend myself . '
va	11	-- and a brother I didn 't know of as well .
va	9	It is a good thing that the moon is not shining tonight . "
va	8	In that moment , I wanted to tell him everything .
va	10	The band finally started earning enough to live .
va	8	He didn 't open his eyes at first but only started to chuckle .
va	10	I couldn 't appear with no make-up on my face , or to not smell fresh as the spring .
va	9	With four passengers and little luggage his plane should be good for about nine hundred miles at a low cruise speed .
va	10	I smiled as I reached once again into a pocket reality , unleashing my sword .
va	8	But Linda , though only a little younger than his mother , looked the epitome of the all American girl .
va	8	It will only get worse in the days to come . "
va	9	" You are simply looking out for the welfare of your people . "
va	9	" You didn 't think it was important ? "
va	10	" I still have questions before I can trust you . "
va	9	What matters is always , always the person who wields it .
va	8	Arcadia has landed on the coast , but multiple sieges have failed .
va	11	Consequently he went on to become one of Paul 's best students .
va	10	" Okay ; why did she think Yin was the end of our species ? "
va	7	Near the bank of light switches was the alarm panel 's keypad .
va	8	For now though , his long hair would have to suffice .
va	11	" Is there somewhere we could lie him down so that he can be more comfortable ? "
va	9	You going to tell them about TV ?
va	5	" Yes , a thirty-something old dog , dreadfully past your artistic prime , " he said .
va	9	" Now look what you have done , you idiot woman .
va	8	After standing up and dusting himself off , Andy moved over to another truck and peeked around the cab .
va	8	' Oh God sorry , you must be Amy , ' Barbara croaked in her direction .
va	7	The Asian on the left , the smaller of the two , in the designer suit , was talking .
va	10	" Hello , " said 007 , leaning over the desk trying to flirt .
va	7	The roof above them shook ominously , and a patch of stone fell and crashed to the floor .
va	5	Deep in the dark forest .
va	7	The Blood will stain the rocks And all the land shall moan .
va	11	Those are ships , using the atmosphere to bleed off velocity .
va	6	" Trooper Mac has given me instructions .
va	11	But we rarely get what we wish for , and McLeod insisted that you were the man for the job . "
va	7	He folded the knife and then offered it back to Kendall .
va	11	Tate said , " Nothing we can do but keep low .
va	8	You will also contact Charlie immediately upon Andy 's return .
va	9	That way she could step out onto the fort above and check it out , too .
va	8	The woman grabbed my arm and dragged me to my feet , while continuing the scolding .
va	5	" And in the Meditation hall , their personal study hall , too ?
va	9	I had to show him we weren 't the bad guys .
va	8	The agents finally decided to move in .
va	7	The center was meaty and juicy and a bit salty .
va	8	Then the interview started to go downhill .
va	9	Dad finally spoke when we were in the driveway .
va	11	Why didn 't they raise them in one of the other clan families living there ? "
va	10	I will take your family out before they can finish me off . "
va	10	I thought about the Monet in my apartment and decided there and then never to tell him about it .
va	5	" No I 'm not , " lied Bryony .
va	6	" Nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and slings .
va	8	Fate might be waiting , but today was his , his and Elaina 's .
va	10	" I knew you 'd have your uses , " he said .
va	6	I fall back against the seat and smile .
va	8	Lucky for us our contact was at the end of town waiting at a church -- ironically .
va	7	Sounds pretty cool to me .
va	7	The old Riki would have screamed and thrown a tantrum . "
va	6	The room seemed particularly gloomy , and it matched her mood perfectly .
va	11	Do you want to talk ? "
va	10	Why the political shift now that Phillip was on the throne ?
va	9	We can 't attack without knowing more .
va	10	I should never have trusted Manuel to do this .
va	10	He was already moving toward the kitchenette so they both agreed to hot chocolate .
va	9	" Latitudes are imaginary lines , drawn in an arbitrary grid .
va	11	This floating takes a bit of getting used to . "
va	9	He filed all of this away and moved on to the girl .
va	9	She definitely didn 't want to lose them .
va	8	Miriam looked up , shocked and whisked the letter behind her .
va	7	The faintest of smiles touched her lips and she nodded .
va	10	Mac had hoped the head injury put him out for good .
va	9	She didn 't expect to see me here today .
va	6	The water was cold , acknowledged Adele , but it quenched her thirst quickly .
va	6	The guard cast the female a sympathetic glance , but in the end , he nodded .
va	7	A she-wolf dragged the body of Gunnar across the ice .
va	11	He said he wanted to be alone . "
va	8	The cure to your infection , and even in death , you will find no respite from us . "
va	7	The smell of the girl remained , but there was more .
va	7	A wry light appeared in Victor 's eyes .
va	9	If his control was lost to fury , hers was lost to stunned surprise .
va	8	One thing she noticed , the girl held a flower on her hand ... Iris .
va	8	" Surreal do you have an emergency ? "
va	11	" Jack said there was a fire , " Lilly Ann mused , " who knows . "
va	5	" How long " Frank gave her a sardonic smile .
va	6	Both he and Pierre got up and left the hut .
va	6	" Well , I don 't know , a lot of the old songs are passed down this way .
va	6	" Mum , it 's great , just great , " gushed Dan .
va	5	Well , not so much a sugar daddy ... more a boy toy .
va	9	It was the way she met the day .
va	8	He saw burning bodies in the wreckage of the truck .
va	9	" Well , my loves , good luck and have fun , now all aboard ! "
va	6	Muscles in his jaw twitched .
va	7	Then came the hard shelled black case from under the bed .
va	9	She opened her mouth to scream , but something heavy knocked her on her head .
va	10	The vines were so thick that we could not walk through them .
va	7	Everything fell into place , no rush and no second thoughts .
va	10	There was nothing to dispute Mac 's story .
va	9	I keep trying to breathe .
va	7	His own heart was pounding fast in his throat .
va	7	He looked down at his watch again and then to Claus .
va	7	The creatures rushed forward and leaped at their prey .
va	9	I think we should bring him here ... .
va	10	Trying not to attract Sky 's attention , Claire carefully scanned the sea of faces surrounding them .
va	6	Don 't bother us . "
va	6	" So I hold , Leader , " I said to the dome .
va	8	The rest of the Kindred are evacuating to the -- the Stand . "
va	8	We must be close to a mountain ! "
va	6	Out in the fresh air again , the bright sun blinded her momentarily .
va	5	' Morning Richard , wow , you got a carpet . '
va	10	There must be something useful from that phrases , he thought .
va	9	He declares , pointing a finger at the reclining phantom .
va	8	I asked while trailing the foursome .
va	9	He reached for his coffee , needing time to think .
va	6	In minutes , they were alongside , and I handed the cooler over .
va	7	" I can 't believe he ... left , " Nora whispered to no one in particular .
va	8	" We 're looking good , Sir , " King replied .
va	5	Surveillance mode entered , Dr. William Cunningham may unlock .
va	7	The cannon ball smashed against a stonewall and fell the ground .
va	7	He leaned forward and placed both hands on the table , sighing .
va	10	Homeless wino 's can run real fast if motivated properly .
va	8	" You do make me laugh .
va	9	I hate being caught off-guard .
va	10	" We have to get her out of that cage , " Neil said .
va	10	Slowly at first , the horses began to stomp and snort , blowing restlessly at the unfamiliar shadow in their midst .
va	7	" The opposite , it was ... " replied a subtle , masculine voice before him .
va	10	They will be fearless in overcoming the Rattlesnake attack .
va	7	' Where 're we going now , anyway ? '
va	11	Who knew what abilities these older students possessed ?
va	8	Thunder rolled around them , never truly ending , an ominous drumbeat of ruin and death .
va	9	Sarah pulled the roast chicken out of the oven and set it on top of the cook stove .
va	7	" And so brave of you to wear such an overwhelming perfume .
va	8	Lucky for us , his happy trigger finger didn 't get the best of him .
va	9	" Yes , they found massive traces mixed with the woman 's remains .
va	9	Funny when you think about it ... . .
va	11	She turned to the man on his side who smiled with cleverness .
va	6	" I 'm very sure , little witch , " he whispered against her ear .
va	8	" Should I give you the phone number to my parents ' house ? "
va	6	Was a silent night , only the crickets and some barks father away could be heard .
va	8	So it surprised him to see Sykes smile .
va	8	It 's better than it looks and it 's good for growing boys . "
va	8	he pointed , then stood with arms crossed , impatiently waiting for an answer .
va	9	Plop bang bang plop was the engines response and a small white cloud puffed out of the exhaust stack .
va	5	My dreams are blurry and meaningless .
va	8	You and your confederation have committed a serious crime against my kin and I .
va	10	Remember that , if you remember nothing else .
va	8	I 'm responsible for your brother 's accident .
va	7	The Exile girl gave him a strange look , but neither of them spoke .
va	8	" I never even thought ... " Her fingers worked frantically for a few moments and then she shrugged .
va	6	He is tough and obviously very focused .
va	8	" If you do not deliver it , I will put you back on the Hangman 's List .
va	10	She calls , grabbing hold of his ankle and adding her strength .
va	8	" We 'll never stop trying , " she said .
va	7	' You should get some rest , ' I said quietly .
va	7	Their lives were pretty dull and lonely and it made my heart ache for them .
va	9	" Two questions : Is he dead , and does it look like an accident ? "
va	8	" I will not eat with you , a pirate . "
va	6	I have all the time in the world .
va	8	" If I was still in my twenties maybe . "
va	6	' I 'm trying , ' I muttered between gritted teeth .
va	7	" Oh yes , for quite a long time , " , added Tsubasa .
va	9	Rift asks , remaining in her lap as his suspicious thoughts dull and fade away .
va	11	She was unconscious , but did not appear to have been harmed .
va	6	By the 1980s , superheroes were selling toys and lunch boxes .
va	10	We know not what other help they may have , but it will certainly be formidable . "
va	10	The great brute squatted below , watching the crag with the frightful patience of the reptile folk .
va	9	Jennie had wound the tape back yet again and was focused on Gema as the action unfolded .
va	8	" How many , do you think ? "
va	9	At the Extravaganza preliminaries , someone , still didn 't know who , had me shoot Jolie with a tranquilizer .
va	10	He winked and elbowed her as she passed by him .
va	7	Pierre interrupted , touching his arm .
va	8	He stared at the wreckage of the stairwell .
va	11	Mana read on , and stopped when the girl 's breathing grew even and her head slipped to one side .
va	8	This all sounds a bit like voodoo to me , to be honest . "
va	5	Beneath it stood Joe Halpern , Rob , Ethan , Jamie and Cab .
va	9	But there was nothing he could do .
va	7	It made Elaina flinch like a slap in the face .
va	9	She jumped off her seat onto the sidewalk and snuck her arm under his , pulling him back into the house .
va	7	Lord Brogan was very still and restive , so completely opposite to his son 's impatient temperament .
va	11	I 'm also starting to get low on ammo for the Weatherby . "
va	9	There is such a loneliness in this -- remembering what I alone have lost .
va	8	I decided to go home .
va	10	I unscrewed the metal panel covering the unit while Reid and Anatole laid down cover fire .
va	10	He sat high on the seat with his wife beside him and looked out over the crowd cheering them .
va	7	She placed her full attention on it and with that motion it lunged at her .
va	7	" Your high school newspaper archives all of its issues online .
va	5	" Maybe it 's the creature . "
va	8	She knew what she was missing .
va	9	It was the singing that engaged her , however .
va	6	This was just too much , my body couldn 't handle it anymore .
va	11	But the only way she could see what she loved was in old , fossilized bones .
va	9	Staffers were running in every direction with frightened looks on their faces .
va	8	I cannot give in and make matters worse for him .
va	8	And hanging from the chain , a gold , Christian fish pendant .
va	8	I can 't very well stay here and abuse Lilly Ann 's hospitality . "
va	9	The more he did it as a child , the more he came to rely on it .
va	6	" She 's American , you daft bugger .
va	10	I am going to say good bye to Stoltz .
va	8	The children were crying and Nina just sat there wringing her hands .
va	10	" I will make you an honorary member of the nobility , " said Harald .
va	7	By the time the Union artillery brigade saw the heavy smoke from the Confederate volley , it was too late .
va	7	The fat man bowed a few more times and retired with a broad grin on his face .
va	7	I held up the badge and took a few steps towards her .
va	8	" Lower your weapons my friends , the swords of the kingdoms shall not meet this night . "
va	11	Soon he 'd have to come with his trowel and secateurs and clean it up for the winter .
va	9	The only sensation they could feel was when the machine changed trajectory upwards or to one side .
va	8	The slam of the beautiful little Hawk 's body into the glass fence panel made one solid thud .
va	7	She wrenched open the passenger side door and only then pulled up in confusion .
va	8	Click , drop , fizzle ; off went the smoke screen -- - damn it men are stupid .
va	10	He looked at the man that had spoken .
va	8	I know I was an ass . "
va	10	Simon and Neil followed her carefully , and they knelt by one of the deeper pools and peered into it .
va	7	Besides , if I remember correctly , your mother 's father was disowned by great-grandfather over something , like Uncle Tanto .
va	6	' The laws of physics are in play here , for the most part . '
va	7	There is no honour in that .
va	7	" This one doesn 't like you that much .
va	9	Two black labs came bounding round the corner barking their greeting .
va	7	They also have details from the Electoral Register , your car insurance and DVLA data .
va	10	I had hoped you would come soon . "
va	5	Rainbow shimmers down the needle .
va	8	All the major influences in public life had their representatives at the infrequent and quite informal meetings .
va	10	If they found it , it could be an opportunity to get out .
va	11	If I 'm going to be a commander , I need good subordinate leaders .
va	8	Ryan and I are in complete agreement on this point .
va	5	" Well , well , well , " she whispered .
va	9	It was like breathing in fire .
va	8	I ordered harshly in German above the noise of gunfire .
va	6	It was simple and poor but tidy and clean .
va	8	" Gon na make you pay , " said Duke .
va	11	Do you feel like walking ? "
va	9	" I tried to convince my partner you were not an innocent victim in all this .
va	10	Thank you for respecting the work of this author .
va	7	Fino , unaffected due to his fiery defensive spell , raised his hands above his head .
va	11	Where I will be tortured for information if I don 't give it willingly ? "
va	8	He felt his cheeks turning red and kept his eyes firmly facing ahead .
va	8	" It 's how we talk , I 'm a Vampire after all . "
va	6	It was a statement , not a question .
va	6	She wore baggy jeans and a tired smile .
va	5	" Embry , Jared , and Paul crossed a fresh trail early this morning .
va	8	She laughed as he said it .
va	11	Driving the last vehicle proved to be more difficult than expected .
va	7	We left the house and returned to the hotel .
va	6	" Hi , Aria , it 's Jasmine Fuji , " came the agent 's smooth , professional tone .
va	10	There is still much work to be done tonight . "
va	6	" Perhaps as dragons go , but witch or no , I 'm still a human . "
va	10	He was unconcerned that some civilians were killed in the crossfire .
va	7	Uncharted territory is always difficult , the integration is an experiment , so far its working better than expected . "
va	11	They were status symbols , measured by the number and quality of children they bore .
va	7	" What do you expect from scoundrels ?
va	8	Before Landon , that might have impressed her more .
va	10	There was no use in inviting trouble , he thought .
va	8	" I guess it is , " Fritz joined into the laughter .
va	9	Soon they tucked into the finest fish ' n ' chips Amy had tasted .
va	11	We have to do something to end this .
va	7	When they fully emerged , the trio rushed over to them and immediately noticed the blood and bandages .
va	6	" Don 't change the subject , Sibyl , " he warned , his voice dangerously smooth .
va	11	That explains how he knows more than I do .
va	8	Sarah cleared her throat , gave her son a baleful look , and began to read .
va	10	He 'll basically just sit in the chair like this and behave himself . "
va	7	The giant turned around and winked , and the Prince shook his head .
va	9	Now , even Gunnar could feel the chill , the evil energy , which this home exuded .
va	7	They made their way due east toward the rising sun .
va	9	I would like Dane to come also .
va	8	Their husbands simply shushed them and told them not to worry .
va	10	We paused , staring at each other for a long moment .
va	6	" We should have our own . "
va	6	The sprawling resort of a house had a pull on his heart nowhere else had .
va	9	After ruling us Clan Elders we went and bought the coolest limousine you 've ever seen .
va	6	It was definitely an uncomfortable feeling and the adrenalin pumped even faster .
va	11	You give me a good reason why I should let you go ? "
va	9	The danger is it turns into a full blown hurricane .
va	5	" But you signed , " repeated the detective .
va	10	Two Ogres were quickly reduced to flaming wrecks , as men scrambled for cover .
va	9	At a crosswalk , I strode between two businessmen until I was safely on the other side .
va	7	It plummeted to the ocean floor ; all hands aboard were sadly lost .
va	10	" I can 't believe Iris would do such thing . "
va	6	The uniqueness of his left-sided counter attacks gave him an advantage .
va	9	Isaac must have seen the fear in my eyes .
va	6	" Good catch , kid , " Joey said with a small smile on his face .
va	6	Next year you 're going too . "
va	11	Do you know where she lives ? "
va	9	He glanced over to his boathouse , built into a V-shaped cove .
va	9	" Want to know a secret ? "
va	7	Whatever the reason , they 're not talking and we 're not talking .
va	10	It would have to do for now .
va	9	They made it just as the throaty roar of a revving engine split the air .
va	5	" And if I escape ? "
va	10	Edric paused , considering how to react .
va	7	Mike , also thoughtlessly , hurled the tiny piece of metal towards the flowing petrol .
va	11	He had thought he was getting over the death .
va	11	She was too tired to do anything at all with it , but to hold it !
va	9	Gerry called out seconds before another round hit his chest and winded him again .
va	9	Tried to play for time .
va	6	Eda snuggled her head against his shoulder .
va	8	Long tables on both the balcony and the porch held small figurines done in the same style .
va	8	She reached out and took his hand and they walked back up and around the hill .
va	8	It 's not really a family beach , I hope Sky doesn 't mind .
va	11	Abu watched them leave , but could not see the man 's face .
va	11	We have to trust he has his shit together .
va	10	The blade made a terrible screeching sound on the metalwork that set my teeth on edge .
va	9	And why do they always malfunction in the middle of the night ?
va	9	What I want to know is why the military wants him so bad . "
va	9	As mini icicles formed off the tip of my nose , chairs scraped on the floor .
va	9	They are the only races of immortals on Earth .
va	9	To me it tastes worse than ze horrible burger I just ate . '
va	9	In the torchlight he looked horrifying -- the white fangs dripping with blood .
va	9	The air is warm and heavy with the scent of old things and lost memories .
va	8	She ran her fingers through her hair and glanced out the window at the darkening sky .
va	6	" Yes , sir , about that ... " began Beau .
va	6	" Can 't sleep , " Alex asks from the other bed beside me .
va	9	I just assumed these learned men with their PhD .
va	10	She had nothing to do with the book !
va	10	Look around , I would say it works wonderfully , wouldn 't you ? "
va	10	" Show you , " she said slowly then she nodded her head and added , " It 's ok . "
va	11	I think seeing Nicholas might top it .
va	11	This was the best means of preserving food that they had .
va	6	When the wind shifted , the hermit 's eyes flicked around .
va	8	I raked about for an envelope , in one of the drawers .
va	9	" Don 't know what you 're talking about . "
va	9	Theodosia said , her face turning an unbecoming shade of puce .
va	11	Mia felt how confused he was and she was his medicine .
va	8	So , in order to acquire wealth you must take it from others .
va	8	" I-I love you , with all my heart , " he sighs , slowly becoming weaker and weaker .
va	6	At last the light fingers of a chill feathered over my neck , eerie and cold in the August night .
va	7	" Drink it , " he growled , his voice deep and implacable as a rushing avalanche .
va	7	Miss Miriam came down the staircase behind Mana .
va	6	Simultaneously they threw open the door and stepped briskly inside the darkened room .
va	9	It was what was needed , a full and good meal .
va	7	My head rolled side to side as he walked .
va	6	" Yes , that 's brilliant , " said Jacob .
va	7	Alex reached for her pouch , opened it , and poured some coins into her hand .
va	9	And Dr. Taylor almost got squashed by this one -- its toe was like the size of my whole body !
va	11	Farmer seems to be all right , geeky but all right , " Hunt mused about their travel companions .
va	10	" The Trojan Keepers believe there is a greater purpose to this plan .
va	9	Sofia rubbed her nose and tried to regain her self .
va	7	He turned without a word and walked back towards the mansion .
va	10	This would appear to refer to heaven .
va	7	Sections of armed men would pass in military fashion , disciplined , organised and purposeful .
va	8	Although the station wasn 't far , the roads twisted and turned and were not at all logically organized .
va	10	I jumped over my luggage and started to charge them chaotically with things and clothes .
va	7	The man cried out but the yell sounded dull on my drugged ears .
va	11	Alex did not even know which one to call her and feared to ask .
va	9	" What 's a Grand Tour without a bit of adventure ? "
va	8	William designed those modules and he is truly a wizard . "
va	9	Even the chance of being imprisoned again was a thought they would not tolerate .
va	7	Moira raised an eyebrow and looked at him in mock disbelief .
va	10	As the team began to drift away , the colonel came over to Jan and began fixing a cup of coffee .
va	10	He is a strong boy , already opening his eyes and watching the world go by .
va	8	For her he had just been Finn and she had liked him , they had been friends .
va	8	The people tried to run but their feet were shackled down to the ground .
va	6	And then , one way or another , little rat , you belong to me . '
va	8	" Now get out of here before I change my mind . "
va	7	How could Alejo have survived that ?
va	5	Then there is the cold , loneliness , confusion and hate . "
va	10	" You were a prisoner in a manor owned by the Faith .
va	9	' We haven 't seen or heard from Anna in a fortnight . '
va	9	Lady Adriana took pleasure in the fear presented before her .
va	10	Snow Job tried to stand , but his legs failed him and he toppled to the ground again .
va	11	I was sure my appearance was just as marred as his .
va	6	As both armies watched , two soldiers , with a flaming rod , slowly lowered the stick into the powder chamber .
va	9	There was no time to recheck now .
va	8	She moved to the door , not looking at me .
va	9	" She said she 's been here five winters . "
va	6	" Of course not , " Lilly Grace answered , " we have some business at Sudbury anyway .
va	6	" We have a responsibility for you now . "
va	6	Rafe kicked at a smouldering ember .
va	6	Good thing too , as most of them were either black or missing altogether .
va	11	It seemed to cover him from head to toe like a suffocating wool blanket .
va	11	" Anything I can do to help ? "
va	7	His breath left his lips in a soft sigh : he nodded with a defeated expression .
va	6	" Kiddies , " Rhys said , " the raw magic of faerie was out that night .
va	10	The girl was slightly smaller than Christy , but they knew she was two years older .
va	7	And then , out of the pit clambered Bern , all spry and vigorous apart from his usual limp .
va	7	Biblical submission to your husband and all that . "
va	7	The next day at breakfast , to his relief , the silence between him and his father continued .
va	9	We 'll swing by there on our way to the cop shop .
va	6	" I remember that story well , " said Wolf Eyes .
va	9	Fresh , just starting to ooze yellow , sticky sap , they had Leclerc scratching his head comically .
va	6	" Not for me . "
va	5	" Her hands are open .
va	10	It seemed to be warming to him .
va	10	He seems to have something of mine .
va	11	Donovan and his group had settled into three farms within a mile of where Sarah and David now lived .
va	7	Gently placing the pillowcase back on the ground , she gradually inched her head toward the window and peeked inside .
va	9	Beyond the door , there was a vast chamber , nearly three stories high and over a hundred feet across .
va	7	Thanks to that Device , his shipping costs were practically nil .
va	11	' Do you need to tell Sam ? '
va	7	All is not as it seems .
va	7	" We all love her very much and give her all our support .
va	11	" I am your friend Gema and I don 't believe you 've actually done anything .
va	7	Without warning the Comet dipped a wing and fell from the sky .
va	6	" You may enter , " came the command from inside .
va	9	He wanted to halt earlier tonight than last .
va	9	But I did what seemed right in the moment .
va	10	I knew I was getting hypnotized .
va	11	" What has brought the search to bear , and why then must it end after these many generations ? "
va	8	We have a big house - you can stay with us . "
va	5	" Young , old , tall , short , fair , dark ? "
va	8	John turned for the window at the exact moment that the bedroom door swung open .
va	7	Almost instinctively , Mike picked up a Roman candle from the pile and lit the long stick .
va	7	All the storefronts were either boarded up or smashed .
va	9	Okay , to any aspiring bartenders out there you need to get a few things correct .
va	5	" The towers are back up ? "
va	7	It must have been a large knife .
va	7	It was a long list , and the people within the organizations moved around the community like ghosts .
va	10	I 'll do my best to put up with your stay .
va	7	Chuck placed the last dish in the dishwasher , closed the door , and twisted the cycle switch to on .
va	6	" Oh , shit ... " Knox lifts his h * ps off the bed , setting the tempo .
va	7	Hailey saw the long Lizard snout and two eyes staring back at her .
va	7	Finally backing his foe to the wall , Rift feigns a punch , thrusting his open hand forward instead .
va	10	I think I was still in control , and it was only a squirrel after all , a perfectly acceptable snack .
va	11	" I think I 'm going to puke .
va	8	Valerian looked at her blankly , his resentment forgotten .
va	10	Our whispered exclamations cut him off for a moment before he held up his hands for silence and resumed .
va	10	" You should eat while it 's hot , " the woman murmured and left .
va	8	David began tugging on the twine .
va	8	" Your stuff is over there , " his father motioned to a pile of equipment on the table .
va	6	So , no chance of a Little Spirit tour from them just yet . '
va	11	" I am programmed to anticipate your needs , Rick , " T said .
va	11	Let me know how that works out .
va	7	In the dim light , he noticed the others doing the same .
va	6	Cuthbert pulled the leash , but he was slow ; the hawk was already up and his takeoff was awkward .
va	11	I need to know they 're okay .
va	6	" Here , " she said and pointed to a gradual incline .
va	9	They were things that only she had , and no one else could do them quite like her .
va	9	" This is personal , isn 't it ? "
va	11	Her limbs were heavy and stiff slowing her movements as she fought to get up .
va	11	Mike has been picking up a lot of the slack from everyone else .
va	7	Accommodation in common nests is free , single nests cost only 1 Bird $ / day .
va	8	The villains broke into his house , murdered poor Iain , and ransacked his croft . "
va	10	You need to start catching up . "
va	11	" We 've got to get out of here , take our chances .
va	10	Did I mention that each caravan could easy hold up to eight men ?
va	9	Generations of unending conflict had forced the Dog People to create combat communications .
va	9	As soon as she shut the door behind her , he threw back the sheets and blankets .
va	6	Like I stated before , never mess with a crazy person .
va	10	In my entire life , I have never seen anyone as dirty as you are right now . "
va	7	Mr Tide 's words rang in my head ' Know your limitations . '
va	7	Although it was a peaceful trek , the piercing air and spinning anxiety made him miserable .
va	8	Hearing his signature footfall , Danny jumped up , pulled jeans on and grabbing the inlay card designs .
va	7	Kim glanced back at her friend , then sunk her head into her hands .
va	8	You would like a cheeseburger , french fries and a chocolate milk shake , no ?
va	11	" Do you think it 's young vamps ? "
va	6	Down below , the slope levelled to a ledge just beneath the tree line .
va	8	Neil felt his face get even redder .
va	9	Beppe thanked Kiara for the great company but insisted that they must depart .
va	8	You lose your tail and you kill a Hawk in the same day .
va	8	Feeling a tide of panic within him he looked back to the getaway car speeding off into the distance .
va	8	In combat , it had to be much worse .
va	11	They all had black hair that hung loose in curls , but the women wore long veils over it .
va	7	The glow faded , the Professor 's legs stopped kicking , and the laboratory fell silent .
va	8	With that in mind a sultry smile forms on her thin red lips along with a twinkle in her eye .
va	5	" And that 's the scary part .
va	6	You can rest well now . '
va	9	Will I not even be able to go tomorrow ?
va	11	Kayla remembered the time that one of the chiefs hunted us and we had to hide .
va	7	The black thought lowered his mood and with it his eyebrows descended over his grey eyes .
va	11	I know it had to be done .
va	6	007 repeated the message out loud : " Free Entertainment , by Victoria Cunningham .
va	10	I wish I had known you before . "
va	9	" But Yin could smell Yang because they had the same blood . "
va	8	" Like a new person , thank you , " said Toby .
va	7	Next to those , at the far end of the wall , were the spears and pole arms .
va	7	She caught herself , suddenly looking guilty .
va	10	People high up , if ya know what I mean .
va	10	We will surely keep you posted on the progress from Darwin .
va	7	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
va	11	She might just be able to make it -- Suddenly , she bumped into something live and warm in the darkness .
va	10	" However , must you tap your feet while you 're reciting ? "
va	5	" Yeah , it 's me . "
va	6	The Watchman shook its head , and the moment passed .
va	5	" One more time , Mister , " he said .
va	11	Why do to so when Miss Woods cannot control her curiosity and ask everyone around .
va	10	" How long do you suppose she 'll crouch there ? "
va	5	Clem Johnson was a grizzled local fisherman .
va	5	" Wow ... that 's ... " " Weird , " Hunter said .
va	8	" They haven 't got to that section yet , " Sarah informed them .
va	11	Those who committed grievous crimes or were found guilty of treason were often sold into life-long bondage .
va	8	As I rose from the floor , one of the windows shattered , raining glass shards inside the room .
va	9	No hat covered his long reddish-brown hair , thick and curly as it fell to his shoulders .
va	5	Chapter 17 Breakfast the next morning was a tense , quiet affair .
va	7	A door creaked open , and he brought his face close to mine .
va	10	He looked around for the sensors connected to the mesh , wondering if Alfred was watching .
va	8	" But , more accurately , I believe that Jan 's option is the most likely . "
va	8	Neil asked , pointing to the lagoon .
va	9	That 's what was bothering me .
va	5	His features looked sullen but still blank .
va	10	Ricky was starting to like Blackie 's canter .
va	9	" I assume you 're still going , " he said .
va	7	What 's that , about two or three miles ? "
va	7	A massive chunk of stone descends directly upon both Rift and the merciless shadow .
va	5	The man fell , both legs neatly broken , his Yellow Jewel drained .
va	10	Adele nodded and cast a last uncertain glance at each of them before turning to leave .
va	8	She knew exactly where this was going .
va	6	" You aren 't using a big enough gun ! "
va	11	Rift asks with a smile , his hand already wrapped around the door knob as he turns to look back .
va	6	" Feels awfully exposed in the front room .
va	9	Once beyond it , they had an unobstructed view across to the far end of the boathouse .
va	8	After pancakes , she had taken a walk and thought : If Alejo is Paul , then I am Peter .
va	8	" I hear ponies are fast . "
va	10	" First one to get out of my tree doesn 't get shot . "
va	6	" You 'll see , I ate there yesterday and was delicious . "
va	8	I know it 's her .
va	6	I can 't even tell the rabbits apart .
va	5	And then Sophia and the Wise Old Man heard her laugh out loud .
va	11	Leave it to Evan to be straightforward .
va	10	said the Commander , nodding at the pile of boxes and crates .
va	7	He had been complacent , he knew it and now the knot in his stomach was becoming a constant reminder .
va	10	Neil had , at least , won the argument over the amount of gear that they should carry .
va	9	Joe just shook his head in disgust and turned away , in the direction of the explosion .
va	5	Is that from the golf club ? "
va	6	Every time he opened his mouth , he created more questions and no answers , just like in class .
va	7	" Away from here , " the author said , " Take the Da Vinci Mold with you .
va	10	" What little knowledge you think you have makes you dangerous . "
va	10	Merrell rolled over , his arm flopped out of the bed an he muttered thickly .
va	10	she asked Written on the board in bold red caps ... ... ... WHAT 'S NEXT ?
va	11	It 's only man that 's driving them to extinction .
va	11	He sat next to me on the bed , which sagged and pushed us together .
va	9	I don 't know what to do .
va	6	But once Wales was a nation too , quite separate , with its own language and law and history .
va	8	He knew the slender face and curly blond locks straight away .
va	9	Simon knew that the years of gymnastics provided him with the advantage .
va	7	Endless instances of heroics pour into her mind , and more importantly , the utter absence of fear .
va	10	I stood up swiftly , my fingers curling around the handle of the katana .
va	11	I said , " Let Herb in on the action .
va	7	You , I would assume , are a spy for the Air Force .
va	8	Joshua took a shot at him , but it hit the road behind his churning legs .
va	7	The cousins had carried out a very important mission on that occasion .
va	6	With no schedule , no babysitting or breakfast shift or lifeguard gig , days and nights bleed into one another .
va	11	Though he 'd sent Wes to get him , he hadn 't heard his approach because of the earphones .
va	10	With my eye on my watch and my arm poised to paint , the first spy group entered the room .
va	6	She was quite emphatic about it .
va	8	Bron did not know , nor was he likely to ask .
va	10	She fell into deep thought as she stayed exposed on the open patio .
va	9	" Now , now , careful , Miriam , " he said pleasantly as she tore at him .
va	9	Hailey understood after the next winter hibernation their world would be changed .
va	8	He shrugged and picked up a tray with a delicate porcelain bowl .
va	7	" What do you mean by that ? "
va	7	" That 's called a star , " his mother said .
va	9	He has an extremely sophisticated inference engine and in some ways it makes him seem highly intelligent .
va	11	Deepa asked as Simon finished talking to Beppe .
va	7	At that distance , they appeared to flicker .
va	11	Kurt peered through the window , but it was so dirty he couldn 't see anything .
va	11	said Victor , coming to stand by her side .
va	8	I squatted near the balcony door , feeling a breeze like a soft petting .
va	10	She needs to believe that I am .
va	9	' When you gon na tell Liz ? '
va	8	I should 've stuck to the story .
va	6	I stopped and turned around .
va	6	" This is the high school soccer coach , " Coach said .
va	5	" Right , well , that 's complicated , too .
va	6	Nurses , doctors and assorted attendants moved in and out of the private room with deferential respect .
va	10	The following three months will be spent drawing up implementation plans from your findings .
va	9	She started to reach for him .
va	11	Are you going to be sick ? "
va	9	The idea is quite preposterous , please say something . "
va	10	We 'd end up dead , and others would say the dying branded us guilty .
va	9	He was the only caller who actually seemed concerned .
va	7	Then they found their places in the shabby tent and laid their bodies down for the night .
va	11	She was not sure she wanted to know .
va	9	Banks were like water companies , they expected leaks , but they only really got worried when it becomes a torrent .
va	6	It was Barney , and behind him , his ever-present lawyer , Dawkins .
va	10	" I 'll take you home , send the guys a text that they can sing without me .
va	8	In the sun drenched clearing he saw two speckled furry Ground Squirrels wrestling with each other .
va	11	" I am only happy that I was there to help . "
va	9	I can remember last year 's hunt so well -- it was like it was yesterday . "
va	11	" Now , what do we have here ? "
va	9	What could make a man leave his child ?
va	8	" Who would know of this ? "
va	6	" James , can I talk to you for a second ? "
va	7	Setting up camp was a practiced routine by then and only took them a few minutes .
va	6	A few peered at one of their friends ' smart phones .
va	8	" Oh , of course , " he says , and his face is changing .
va	8	I 'm wearing a matching peach tank top and cotton capri pants with yellow hearts around the hems .
va	7	But not while drunk ; I passed the Bordeaux back to him .
va	9	He closed the email and clicked on another with the same result .
va	11	" I 've got to get back to work . "
va	7	The throbbing in her head continued , but the nausea in her stomach quickly passed .
va	11	He seemed to lose huge amount of blood and needs immediate blood transfusion .
va	9	I believed I was invisible and I strolled in plain view towards the elevator .
va	5	" Ah , well , it 's probably not a good idea .
va	9	Silently I too laughed as Ezra stopped by the boy .
va	10	I can 't wait to tell Dane at dinner .
va	9	Embroidered on her right shoulder is a golden dragon emblem with a silver bar beneath it .
va	9	The ones that are left I trust .
va	8	His eyes burned like nothing on the hither side of hell .
va	9	This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people .
va	8	" Come on Andy ; open your eyes have a look .
va	8	I tuned back , and coming through the speaker was a man 's voice .
va	9	------- Rafe was awakened by the extreme coldness of his hand .
va	9	These she crammed down the front of her shirt , so she wouldn 't break the comb in her pocket .
va	9	My voice caught , betraying the state of my nerves .
va	8	" Hey , guy , how long you been awake ? "
va	9	If there is any goodness in your heart , let her stay with us . "
va	8	They 're probably wondering where we are . "
va	10	You are a wanted criminal and I have nothing to say to you .
va	11	" Are you sure you have to go ? "
va	8	My collision had stopped the mass behind me .
va	6	Costas settled in his chair with a disgruntled expression .
va	7	With swords in their hands now , you couldn 't help but see it .
va	7	A train was indeed traveling to Rome the following day .
va	7	Behind us ; some chief hollered , " Knock it off , shows over , back to work . "
va	7	Then , in the all but silent room , a slight rumble came from beneath the ship .
va	10	Onyx is one of the best we have .
va	8	Chapter 6 " Let go of the reins and grip with your knees . "
va	11	Elaina was convinced it was a new and awful form of torture .
va	9	He feels them fiddling with things and touching his insides .
va	8	" But I 'm desperate to pee .
va	5	" For all practical purposes , it is a fact . "
va	7	Danny , on the other hand , had and would surely let her down .
va	10	Five maybe six days from now it will start and keep raining and storming for a few weeks . "
va	8	As you know , the Higher being has given a special and wonderful gift to each family .
va	7	Missy , open-mouthed , stared upward , " This is so cool ! "
va	8	" Feel this , " Missy said and held up the bottom of the coat .
va	9	I lied to him about not feeling well , and I 'd rubbed shoulders with a bad guy .
va	7	Anyway , over a few weeks , his responses changed from loud emotional outbursts , into soft spoken logical arguments .
va	8	But it gets the job done , and there 's plenty of it .
va	8	Lance now struggles to stand , a look of surprise on his strained biomechanical face .
va	5	Much more so than that polluted pig and cow crap you drink . "
va	10	Behind him the cooker had pans presumably of vegetables ready to boil .
va	8	Her eyes remain fixated on Rift 's shrouded face as she talks .
va	11	" The JP border is still intact and I can see our troops over there looking a little nervous . "
va	10	Cisco thought it wise to take me away .
va	7	Eva hesitated , her lip trembling slightly .
va	9	" I wish Lord Brogan were here , perhaps he could make Rafe see sense . "
va	8	Josie elbowed Jimmy , then pointed toward the elevators .
va	10	Miriam looked up and grinned , and confidently tucked her hand in the crook of Mana 's elbow .
va	8	He passed Danny with victorious momentum beating him to the front door by several feet .
va	11	" Jason , I know how this sounds , but what choice do we have ? "
va	8	A sudden gust of wind buffeted the tent 's side making the canvas boom like distant thunder .
va	8	As Rupert had said , it was massive , and I would have no problem fitting inside .
va	10	" All the computers so far were on and none of them were rigged to destroy any data .
va	11	O God , how I wish I could take a fourth !
va	8	At the thought of his old friend not being there , though , Seven 's bitterness temporarily subsided .
va	6	Hey , wait a minute , I haven 't finished this chapter yet !
va	11	" Do you know how you got here ? "
va	6	" We 're nowhere near those areas .
va	11	I guess that 's what we are here for . "
va	8	There had to be something .
va	8	' Well , he stuck a sword through my heart and pushed me off the top of the Cramer building .
va	7	Eda could do nothing but cling to his mane .
va	6	" This is a vulgar display , " she purred , " and you know it .
va	9	Do you have enough groceries ? "
va	7	His steely gray eyes caught mine and held them for a few seconds .
va	10	Or what used to be jungles .
va	9	" I am a top hostess , if I do say so myself .
va	7	A horn blared and angry words rose from the other vehicle .
va	11	Let us fight as one , and we will reclaim what has been taken .
va	7	I froze in my tracks and stared at her .
va	5	" I - " " Yes , he did , " says Mom .
va	7	The pages of the journal were mostly filled with scientific jargon .
va	11	He shrugged his shoulders , " all we can do really is wait .
va	11	Any new money supply would have to be backed by gold .
va	7	Not a sound carried throughout the room ; all conversation had stopped .
va	9	She 's going to be my wife . "
va	9	That is until the night would come and with it the nightmares .
va	8	Of course I could also be totally wrong and I hope I am . "
va	6	" Your captain cannot save you .
va	8	Three bulky metal latches lined the edge closest to the men , with an additional latch on each end .
va	8	If you run , and run fast , then you have a chance .
va	8	" You are really going on this trip , aren 't you ?
va	10	Let 's see how it goes tonight at dinner , " Taylor answered thoughtfully .
va	5	Parson Lucifer and both his boys were dead .
va	5	" In a way yes , though that tale is not completely lost .
va	10	" Mind telling us where we 're going ? "
va	7	Scott slid his gaze back to the little girl and her outstretched , upturned hand .
va	7	Now that we no longer possess healing potions , your magic is essential to our survival .
va	11	He knocked it out of my hand as I knelt to show him .
va	5	I followed and ripped off my steam filled mask .
va	5	" Tell me my future , witch ! "
va	5	It was no meager one room shack type cabin , either .
va	8	" Yeah , what did the kids our age wear ?
va	6	All the while , Ryan Richmond spent his free time with the Russian team .
va	5	Reyes never paused , his adrenaline too high , his demon too happy .
va	8	" The two of you have a third man in there don 't you ?
va	9	Now , " he says , but his words melt away in the glow of his energy .
va	6	All around Bod , the inhabitants of the graveyard were waking and gathering , worried and alarmed .
va	10	Not like they think they will .
va	9	Joe was starting to look a little agitated .
va	9	Why yes , I did get kicked out of the Louvre . "
va	7	' He keeps people out all right , ' she murmured , ' People ... and anything else living . '
va	10	These shapes were blotches of darkness against the lightening sky , and none of their residents had stirred yet .
va	6	Ginger , Danika 's older sister , collapsed on the bed with a soft " Thank God . "
va	8	" That maybe help was coming ? "
va	10	He seems to have a lot of different smiles .
va	8	Why did I feel like such a crab , pincers and all ?
va	5	" Don 't shoot ! "
va	5	Well , to the extent inheriting vampire politics and drama is an escape . "
va	8	We know some things about first aid , and CPR , and geometry , and chemistry .
va	6	* * * * * Colin woke again , hours later , to an empty bed .
va	6	As instructed , Billy unraveled the thick copper wiring into two large hoops .
va	9	It shows how interested they are in this project .
va	5	" So Manuel , you know any magic ? "
va	9	Whatever bond held these three together was a strong one , and an old one .
va	6	" And I just washed my car , " Mike stated his case .
va	8	Unlike the old days , it 's far easier to spot them now .
va	8	Any cracks would sever the optic conduits and register immediately on the damage control system .
va	7	" The harvest will be on us soon .
va	9	What horrors you must have witnessed .
va	9	In truth he had never accomplished anything while seeking such fame or reward .
va	11	Rick winced in pain , but fought back to swing the door open again .
va	6	Close your books , class , " he decided spontaneously .
va	10	She turned back to Rafe , large eyes looking up into his with a lost expression in their depths .
va	11	I told him everything Vivian had said .
va	8	Rafe dragged the seat to the tent opening where there was a slight breeze .
va	9	Candice replied with a smile " You were at my wedding .
va	8	Lord Brogan was silent , weighing each word carefully before he spoke it .
va	11	Chuck waited a moment , decided Ed was done with him and went inside .
va	8	Yes , indeed little things like planting the first radish seed were now a cause for celebration .
va	8	He met up with Ramirez just feet from his entrance .
va	10	He sniffed it a bit and licked one side before setting it on his tongue .
va	8	' Which would make her an immortal as well , ' Reid stated evenly .
va	10	She started to sway , as though to an unseen drum .
va	11	The engineer had said he needed at least another week to finish .
va	8	" It 's true , " said Lex , finally stepping in on Ricky 's side .
va	9	She walked over to the intercom near the heavy sealed vault door and depressed the green ' talk ' button .
va	10	The huskies took up the strain , the sled surging forwards with a jolt .
va	9	The War Chief wishes me to speak to you . "
va	9	' Green , ' I mumbled , the word spilling out before I could stop it .
va	11	" What are you waiting down there for , you misbegotten offspring of questionable parents ? "
va	7	" I 'd say maybe eight or ten .
va	6	as the rope of the fourth bag flew off with explosive force .
va	10	She was going through a folder searching for something .
va	6	A few minutes later Yankee and Doodle pushed their way through the house .
va	9	said Tim looking back at the old man shuffling down the hall .
va	8	Ryan asked the man to continue .
va	10	I 'm sure it 's just something stupid anyway . "
va	6	Twelve jars of the black caviar and twelve bags of soup stuff .
va	5	Just curiosity , my good man , " the bastard called again .
va	9	Noah 's first move always surprised his opponents and prey , which gave him the advantage .
va	11	She could look far around her , the west coast of Africa noticeable on the horizon .
va	6	" Oh , no , we can 't stay , " Maria said .
va	11	Gloves were off this time and one of us would have to give our life for the other .
va	11	Her eyes felt like sandpaper and her nose still felt like it was stuffed with cotton .
va	11	" You are going to kill all of us . "
va	8	They made and ate diner quickly that night , talking happily amongst themselves .
va	8	" And have you brought me the ransom ? "
va	6	Jack rolled his eyes and picked up the sandwich , took a purposeful bite , then set it down .
va	7	" What a shot , it 's four runs , Papa , " said Elizabeth jumping on the sofa .
va	10	Alita 's eyes said it all as the soldiers held her down in place .
va	10	She smiled again and turned to kneel beside the fire .
va	10	Look at those stupid mermaids vying for Peter 's attention .
va	7	" Sure , come inside and make our house another haunted house feature for some obscure website or magazine . "
va	11	That 's why we 've been doing the acoustic street stuff , ' Calvin said .
va	11	Anderson looked at Beau and hoped that what he was saying sank in .
va	7	John climbed the ladder half way , jumped and fell down like a rock .
va	6	Don 't doubt my mad skills . "
va	9	And third , we have a very narrow window of opportunity to do something about them . "
va	8	She twisted around in a defensive crouch , hissing like a trapped cat .
va	9	" What do you mean ; who do you try and warn me of ? "
va	11	His thoughts drifted to Rafe , and he decided that his gratitude was not so very overpowering after all .
va	9	He read the name on the man 's chest as he came to a stop .
va	10	She was in easy sight now and seemed to be heading home .
va	10	Too bad they hadn 't had the time to spend with him as she had .
va	10	Think you can measure up , Jules ? "
va	11	This was just going to be a game with willing participants .
va	9	We ' ll fix that , then tell William . "
va	9	The motion sensors have fired , and he appears to be moving .
va	9	I wonder why he didn 't use his parachute . "
va	5	" Yeah , the Captain here told me .
va	10	Abbey had decided not to return with them .
va	7	Then , the next morning , we burned the bodies of the slain Creeks .
va	7	His legs set a pace well ahead of his normal gate .
va	10	Showed up on our radar in Nashville , though we didn 't know it was him at the time .
va	7	I was never so exhausted in my life .
va	10	He sighed deeply , waiting for his latest understudy , Samantha White , to begin the report .
va	5	" Like I said , " I gave Gavin a pointed look .
va	6	The walnut decoration and contemporary art almost took Amy 's breath away .
va	9	" I thought we agreed on our story . "
va	7	" Alejo stopped and swallowed hard .
va	5	" The ship 's name was the Adam and Eve . "
va	7	" Who the hell is Hadrian , why 's he important ? "
va	8	What place has become a synonym for ' secure ' ? "
va	10	He must be the prisoner who 'd escaped .
va	9	Tommy decided he had made a mistake the first time .
va	10	A mirror I wanted to shatter .
va	6	[ Transcript of voice message , sent via bounce , delivered by the guard ] Jax , I got your note .
va	10	I was torn by conflicting loyalties , and suffered agonies of which you know nothing . "
va	6	Through the stinging rain , Terri looked down at the water beneath them .
va	6	I will go and get him ! "
va	7	The .45 caliber rounds slammed into the beast 's scales , directly behind its front legs .
va	5	" You ever play pick-up sticks ? "
va	10	Stop clinging to memories of her ?
va	10	A lover of history and fantasy , Michael now writes to show the personal side of the past .
va	8	she declared , posing defiantly , hands on hips .
va	11	I took several deep breaths , trying to steady my shotgun heart and shaking legs .
va	5	So , in the past hundred years , we more than doubled life expectancy .
va	8	I mean , Alejo , you are the best of us , always busy exercising , studying other languages .
va	5	Sweet Goddess , a few words and she turned his world upside down .
va	10	It made me feel wanted .
va	5	" You do , Mister Bloor , " Goodspeed said apologetically .
va	11	He transformed from Echo into the shape of Josie 's best friend since kindergarten , Jimmy .
va	7	A lot , " Anna commented , taking off her shirt .
va	7	Maggie reported " forty-five percent power ... 50 percent power , 55 percent power . "
va	9	" You 'll just go back and get yourself killed , " Leah muttered .
va	8	" It takes years to know someone .
va	10	Bradley and Megan were told to carry their suitcases upstairs to their bedrooms .
va	8	Gan said , " The three of us will make our stand .
va	7	' It should take you to the first floor . '
va	11	Mine shafts had been driven into several locations on Olympus Mons and processing facilities had sprung up at each .
va	8	My friend if I were you , I ' d get my family and leave Melbourne as soon as possible .
va	6	But my boss at Disclosure Magazine wanted a story , with all the dirt , on Julian de Laurent . "
va	11	Cera asked before they had a chance to leave .
va	6	Births , life , death , the rise and fall of nations , tiny green umbrellas for drinks .
va	7	" That is an exceptionally good thing , " William answered .
va	9	Instantly , just as quickly as sadness had set in , a sense of purpose took over .
va	7	Barbara , watching events with her strange , dark orange eyes , smiled to herself and said little .
va	9	Mike could do anything except stay alive .
va	10	Release all the other sensations that rush through your mind .
va	10	It 's probably due to the inherent selfishness we all possess .
va	5	" Oh , yes , General , " the lady dragon crowed .
va	9	" Or she 'll make you do something worse . "
va	9	Halfway home he pulled over to the side of the road and rummaged about in his briefcase .
va	9	' Hey Betty good to see you .
va	11	And with that the Wise Old Man invited them to sit down at the table .
va	7	Ever since her mother and he met , they had loved each other dearly .
va	11	" Care to explain what this is all about ?
va	8	The others quickly followed as their journey began anew .
va	7	" You are a strange man , Harald , " Brand said .
va	6	The Commander got up and paced the small room .
va	5	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , six thousand , seven hundred , and three matches . "
va	9	Carl will just have to sod off .
va	8	" Awwww , mushy stuff , " he said , plopping himself down at the kitchen table .
va	11	She had to fight to stay relaxed .
va	10	He said , " She was like a deer , on us before we knew it .
va	9	" I vowed to protect you , " he said .
va	7	The splash and rain from the explosion came down all over the bridge and the persons up above .
va	6	" I quite agree , " another advisor added , this one a relatively young woman .
va	9	My body jerks , so that I fall back painfully onto the buckle .
va	8	A hand gripped my shoulder from behind and I heard Atticus let out a faint scream .
va	9	Everyone turned to look at him .
va	10	They seemed to have forgotten all about him .
va	9	By the time he caught her she was nearly out of the garden .
va	5	" By all means , my friend . "
va	9	He pointed a hand the size of the Prince 's head at one of the trees .
va	9	" The Italians have had a long history of admirable engineering , " I answered .
va	8	He extended a hand and the man took it .
va	9	I must tell Boeing about that , " said General Saunders .
va	6	" I 'll ride Johnny .
va	5	" Well , um , Matthew and I woke up really early that morning .
va	7	It splintered and crashed to the floor .
va	5	Gentle , shyly charming , a true nurturer , the eleven-year-old possessed an incredible green thumb .
va	11	Do you know where he is ? "
va	6	" Yeah , you were right , sport .
va	8	A minute passed ... then two ... but no further sounds came down the long hallway to him .
va	7	" She is leaking an energy signature and her mind is completely awake .
va	7	" I was wondering about something .
va	6	" About two months ago , we met a man on the road .
va	9	They had to keep going .
va	7	" What did you discover about your mom ?
va	9	Now that events were in motion -- The door at the far end of the anteroom crashed open .
va	11	More than anything , I was relieved to be out of the containment room .
va	10	It has nothing to do with that .
va	11	They made me wish he was right .
va	6	" It 's ... the fat signal ... " said one of the dying cameramen .
va	7	Yes , that would be about right , " she mused aloud .
va	5	You really walked down the OC Road ? "
va	8	But a much larger part of him knew that it was impossible .
va	11	I imagine Fuchs will take up residence in one of those .
va	11	Second , we can 't pay these men and the counties will be unwilling to do so .
va	9	Rick said as he patted her on the head .
va	8	" I 'm going to sleep . "
va	9	Do you hate me ? "
va	7	Chapter 3 As it ever did , the mountain winter mightily resisted the change of seasons .
va	9	Up close , though , it was obvious the building was ancient .
va	9	the Prince taunted them , his voice coming out in a croak past chapped lips and a raw throat .
va	10	It was a strange feeling but one she would consider later .
va	6	" General Eisenberg " the cold menacing voice Lukas seldom heard now surfaced .
va	6	In maybe twenty minutes or half an hour , they arrived at their destination .
va	9	Instead , she settled for taking him out of the equation .
va	11	Mental note to include children 's activities in all my blog posts from now on .
va	7	The soldiers ran at the hooded man , but the hooded man did not give chase .
va	8	He looked down at the two women shivering in the inadequate shelter .
va	11	She saw the tears that falls from Iris ' face .
va	9	I didn 't know what to think . "
va	8	" I 've been here for at least a month . "
va	6	Jeff repeated , " Is that a new English word Teach ?
va	10	All of the other doors are too thick , too guarded , or too visible to use . "
va	5	It isn 't a long journey , either . "
va	11	I think we all want a different childhood to the one we had . "
va	10	Anna placed her fingers over her grandfather 's and stared at me intently .
va	7	He stood and took a step closer .
va	7	Who are also lost . "
va	11	" How many times must you be killed before you 've learned your lesson ? "
va	10	Bryony wondered why they 'd come to a stop .
va	11	Doesn 't do any good if you can 't read it .
va	5	" The great Nanticoke bridge attack , " she said .
va	5	A barely suppressed yawn travelled down the line .
va	11	" Um , that is -- it might be a good idea to knock first . "
va	8	I climb , hands digging into the tree trunk , pine needles combing into my hair .
va	11	We 'll keep you posted as this situation develops .
va	8	Panting for breath , she fished out the key to his manacles on the fine gold chain around her neck .
va	9	Moving closer they could all see a smooth red stone lying on the deck .
va	6	He stood tall and tight , his hands on his hips , silhouetted against the light outside .
va	9	" Well in that case , I have a little something to give you . "
va	7	Mike was in the ground , and Kurt was the last remaining Vetter child .
va	9	He took a few steps back and motioned to the mechanic to do the same .
va	7	She 's going home ... " " Whether she likes it or not ? "
va	9	" Nobody said that this thing how called it , is a matter of magic or science fiction , my dear .
va	8	With her sword she chopped an opening , and motioned Valerian to enter .
va	10	" We 'd have to climb over that , " she said .
va	8	As we rounded a corner in the street , he turned to me .
va	8	Judging from the bullet hole and blood , the professor was in more than a little trouble .
va	11	I had hoped to bag a deer by now but hadn 't seen a single one .
va	6	" So , without further ado , this year 's honorary couple , Miss Izzy Faulkner and Mr. Jason Whitaker . "
va	8	It was a beautiful sight to behold .
va	9	Her hand was covered in green veins , and it looked almost as if it were molting .
va	11	Why would they bother coming all the way to Earth to destroy Northgate ?
va	8	I looked on the window straight in the parking lot and I didn 't saw nothing unusual .
va	10	That would occur when the hunters across the stream were in position .
va	9	" Enemies are an uncomfortable thing are they not ? "
va	10	For his part , Logan was straining to hear through the gloom .
va	7	" Have you worn one of these before , " he asked Rachel , holding out a large belt .
va	6	" It 's not that , " Gabe says , almost to himself .
va	10	" No , I don 't either , " she said finally , " although I don 't understand it . "
va	10	" You will find that the Mont Blanc pen in the bag is actually the firing device . "
va	6	" Yes , that 's it , " Errol replied and left the dining area .
va	11	Do you know whom she meant ? "
va	8	Sofia took a deep breath and hold , releasing the arrow from her gripped .
va	10	Ayla had a system for dealing with her customers .
va	10	When Tracy came to check they all covered themselves with their blankets .
va	9	Adele was watching his face closely for some sign as to his thoughts .
va	9	The shortest trip I had in my life came to the end .
va	7	The day will come slug , and he will trouble us no more . "
va	9	" Your dad will be down in a minute , " he told them .
va	10	Please let them be able to rescue her .
va	10	He looked away so as not to betray himself .
va	9	As the horse and rider came abreast of him , Rand caught his arm and dragged him from his mount .
va	11	" Now say it like it 's true . "
va	10	' It took a while to get rid of them .
va	10	Neil interrupted Riki , who was obviously picturing herself as the Jungle Wonder Girl .
va	8	The espionage case , however , had underscored her true value to the community and cemented her place in the NSA .
va	8	Married with two children and two grand children he now spends his time between writing and the golf course .
va	6	Taylor announced to his travel mates .
va	7	After 30 minutes or so , we are halted in our tracks by a familiar sound .
va	7	Although his tone remained pleasant , I detected the hint of wariness in his gaze .
va	10	Tar had said he was running away .
va	9	I 'm about to reveal out position . "
va	8	Then where is my body I wondered .
va	10	I 've been too busy here to question them . "
va	10	Scanning the sheets Calvin said , ' Hey well done these look ideal .
va	10	" I know how you feel , mate , " she said .
va	11	For ten minutes VIN questioned Maggie , asking how important her job in the Air Force was to her .
va	6	" Well , that " s not good , but it " s more than that .
va	6	" That 's my nose , " I said , my voice muffled .
va	6	I didn 't have a good feeling .
va	11	" Mrs. Jones , are you taking any medication on a regular basis ? "
va	6	National boundaries disappeared long ago ; the United States , Russia , China simply don 't exist .
va	8	George and Robbie manhandled the carton out into the middle of the floor .
va	10	He came running from around the corner of the barn .
va	7	Wan na give it another shot ? "
va	8	and then calmly continuing on their way .
va	6	Now Alejo 's mouth flickered into a full-blown smile .
va	8	Elaina glanced at him from the corner of her eye .
va	8	Her heart was thudding against her ribs , but her eyelids drooped .
va	9	Not the place I knew when I was young , that 's for sure . "
va	9	Outside the window , the snowflakes had stopped falling and the sun shone in the blue sky .
va	6	Even on a bitter winter day it was quite a sight .
va	7	" Every one of them , Kay " he smiled .
va	9	" So he was one of the boys from the village then ? "
va	11	" This must be something to do with his experiment . "
va	7	Jacob was engrossed in a newspaper .
va	9	In his experience , the Garo tend to offer critical advice in their final moments .
va	9	Anxious to be convinced , Neela accepted the argument .
va	10	He sounded distracted , like he wasn 't even listening .
va	7	We ambled along the wharf hand in hand ; I stopped and turned toward her .
va	10	" Sorry , if you desire something else , tell me , we drink tea a lot . "
va	11	Mummy says it 's full of tourists and shops and it costs too much to park .
va	7	For that we simply hand you over to the authorities .
va	9	" You don 't know what you 're saying .
va	9	She thought about nights drinking with her friends .
va	7	She is wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with my face .
va	9	That man we saw in the tunnel , or whatever it is !
va	8	" Easy now , " said Executive Williams , laying his hand on the trooper 's arm .
va	6	Her movements became fast and jerky , but she still did not answer .
va	8	she spat , the corners of her mouth turning down into a grim frown .
va	9	Brand let out a scream that lasted several seconds .
va	8	Like what the hell happened to Malcolm .
va	8	" I 'll show you , you stupid whore . "
va	11	You know what I think we got over there ?
va	6	" Hopefully not soon though , " she said with a trembling smile on her lips .
va	7	Tough getting out in the winter , and spring is a long way away . "
va	11	" You can tell us exactly where to find their home world , can 't you ? "
va	9	" Okay , I showed you how to do it .
va	8	His eyes were closed and didn 't open at my touch .
va	6	" Don 't turn the light on .
va	8	Riki hooted , puffing up with anger .
va	7	The vicious flurry of strikes hit nothing but air , and the twins grow fiercer by the minute .
va	7	" But what my husband says is no more than the truth .
va	8	" I used to agree , " added Ryan .
va	10	Are you ready to go ? "
va	10	' I 'm gutted , ' Danny said not able to look at her .
va	10	Do you wish zat I save it ? "
va	9	The weather 's meant to be rubbish .
va	10	It was silver with a shinny blade and there was a groove on the hilt like a trigger .
va	10	No matter how exhausted he was I was always his priority .
va	9	A chorus of others joined in until Brice hauled himself to his feet and trudged toward the unruly horses .
va	7	" It 's killing me , " she rasped , her fingernails digging into her own stomach .
va	5	" Why , of course , Auntie dear , " he replied mockingly .
va	11	" Right , I know this is your first time , so I 'll try to explain as much as practicable .
va	10	Glad to see the back of it , too . "
va	11	" You have to realize that this complicates things .
va	7	Eda screamed and recoiled with a shudder , but she was laughing .
va	11	" Because you have the ability to connect to the mesh network and join the HS group .
va	10	Go and have a look in her flat if you want some insight into that .
va	10	We had yet to tell Victor and Dimitri of this intriguing phenomenon .
va	6	" A very cold adventure , " muttered Eda with a sniff .
va	10	He 'd let himself be shunted to the side .
va	10	They would be hard to find now .
va	8	" You say your father was an insurance salesman ? "
va	6	He crosses his arms behind his head .
va	6	His movements were still graceful , but they were mortally graceful and , unfortunately , mortally slow .
va	9	We will make margarine from vegetable oil , but it won 't be as creamy as cow butter .
va	7	The shot hurled him out of the chair and onto the hardwood floor .
va	9	" I 'm working to save lives .
va	8	He looked into Suzi 's shiny faceplate and , yes !
va	8	It 's nice seeing you , France , " Sever remarked and jumped down the railings .
va	10	I was so sorry to see all those Bees die . "
va	8	" I thought you 'll never come . "
va	6	" That 's remarkable , " Dan Jansen commented .
va	11	The few minutes that they took to escape the palace seemed like hours .
va	10	That was a part of her that didn 't surprise him at all .
va	11	Not expecting the counter attack , the patriarch is caught off guard , scrambling to protect himself .
va	10	What made you try for that ? "
va	7	What on earth was going on ?
va	10	One who was afraid of nothing .
va	9	I just don 't think it 's a good idea . "
va	10	A compact wall safe was disguised behind a pop-out panel left slightly ajar .
va	6	Agony stabbed at her mind with a thousand flaming knives .
va	8	The answer is that he must go .
va	9	We sure didn 't have people using abilities in public , back in ' 62 . "
va	7	On land , any fatigue he felt was healed quickly .
va	10	Trying to get them to pulse .
va	7	Victoria observed Jacob for a moment .
va	9	He and Missy had run ahead of Mr. Stark and were at the base of the tree .
va	9	It was all his now and he wanted to keep it .
va	11	Susan tried to keep the frustration and sarcasm out of her voice , but it was hard .
va	11	Hell , he 'd been thinking about it since they 'd boarded the transport .
va	11	The magnets will be placed throughout any spacecraft we build .
va	9	They had duck skin headdresses with the white feathers adorning the crest .
va	7	" You win for now , " Harald said .
va	7	Every creature , every structure , all of civilization now exists on his whims .
va	8	I canna thank ya enough for both yer hospitality and yer company .
va	8	The last thing he needed was some toxic chemical slowly killing him in his sleep .
va	8	It occurred to him that maybe the girl was right .
va	7	" I feel for them , " said Simm , " but they aren 't really our responsibility . "
va	8	said the Marine captain in charge of the incoming troops .
va	8	Keep your gaze firmly ahead .
va	9	Her hair was in a pony tail tied up with an elastic .
va	10	Josie was sitting on a blanket while Mark rubbed lotion on her back .
va	10	" They get put in an officer 's uniform and sent there for less pay , " Kelly said reasonably .
va	8	That gorge almost swallowed the country for two long centuries .
va	8	Soldiers in green and silver were moving everywhere , organizing the evacuation , helping with broken carts .
va	8	Only his hundreds of hours of arms practice saved his life .
va	10	" Would you like to allow anyone else to share control , Rick ? "
va	11	I 'm sure they had been brainwashing him .
va	7	The Falcon 's eyes peered in his for a long time and Roberto kept his eyes unwavering on him .
va	8	With another wink , Rupert disappeared into the yard , leaving Alejo alone , standing in the arbor .
va	7	" Go on , out with you . "
va	7	After your trial and execution for this treasonous murder , the whole ordeal will be long forgotten . "
va	9	" The way I see it we have two options .
va	6	For his part , Fuchs leapt from space to space , always in front .
va	8	The collections had been done a little earlier this year .
va	8	On her armrest she selects one of several buttons and a lovely chime sounds .
va	11	Rick held out the phone and stared at it as if it had grown arms and slapped him .
va	7	Alejo groaned and leaned back heavily in his chair .
va	5	" Ok , " she blurted .
va	6	Reports out of eastern Canada exposed a similar casualty rate to the American Northeast .
va	7	" You didn 't bring a gun , did you ? "
va	11	But if you persist in pointing that infernal device at your royal king , things will become decidedly painful . "
va	9	Someone was bitten were they ?
va	8	For your Easter Homework please choose one of the following two options .
va	10	Karen seriously doubted that four boys crashing through the bush could surprise a bear .
va	10	I 'm afraid we 've taken casualties . '
va	10	And then he 'd come home a cripple to find Elaina orphaned .
va	11	She peered at the letter ( it was an S , printed in brownish ink ) and smiled with satisfaction .
va	8	He is no longer connected to life at all .
va	8	She has traversed this passage a hundred times , and the various sea creatures have always stood down in her presence .
va	5	And he still had a big stick .
va	9	You couldn 't even have just left , you had to -- " she shuddered , " her ! "
va	9	" That sounds great , but I have to work this afternoon .
va	10	I was going to give them away as spring warming presents . "
va	11	The door suddenly opened , and everyone stopped talking as Riki walked in .
va	10	Now he knew these strangers were part of it .
va	6	We are close , you and I. Oh , it isn 't terribly complicated , really .
va	7	Rafe forced a shake of his head .
va	9	She shook her head in answer to the nurse 's question , unable to speak .
va	9	The dull pain in my throat was becoming impossible to ignore .
va	8	That probably seems like a lifetime to you , but it will fly by , I promise . "
va	8	" He ... he had had an accident , " she said .
va	9	How much of this involved the Chinese wasn 't certain .
va	11	She paused , and said , " You are more like your father than you think .
va	7	" There 's good news , and there 's bad news , " said Duke .
va	7	At least one person was hunting them -- no doubt there were more -- but one was nearby .
va	9	He wasn 't good at first , and it took him awhile to master the basics .
va	8	Good thing too , anesthesia is kind of hit or miss right now . "
va	10	Ben what are you . . ?
va	7	She had big , green eyes , curly , brown and quite long hair and she was pretty .
va	6	" Worm likes the tunnels , " the little man said with a grin .
va	10	The windows were dark , the glass reflecting the glow from a star-studded sky and a crescent-shaped moon .
va	7	Nevertheless , they entered the tunnel and went down below and sure enough there was the loading platform .
va	5	Would she not regret this marriage ?
va	8	It repeated its cry , opening its mouth so far he could see into the dark throat .
va	10	It is time to have it , and then maybe the people can have a renewed spirit .
va	9	Beneath a shell of rebellion and disinterest lay a mind that soaked up knowledge and demanded more .
va	9	" Well done , Mr. Jones , perfect flying ! "
va	10	Megan and the other girl ( what 's her name ? )
va	7	Jessica ceased quickly , " No ! "
va	6	She crinkled her nose and laughed .
va	10	" I recruited him when I met him ten months ago , " Roberto said with pride in his voice .
va	9	She exclaimed and started back in unlocking the gap .
va	9	" Because he was calling me from Greece , crying .
va	7	She offered her hand for a shake but the child just stare at her in a quizzical brow .
va	9	" The kids seem to like your new man , " said Kate nodding down at the arena .
va	11	The healers are reasonably certain that she will recover from her injuries soon . "
va	6	Despite the early start , Claire felt wide awake for the long journey to the fjords .
va	9	The haughty grin on his face broke , and he couldn 't keep from laughing .
va	5	" Yeah , " Noah said .
va	11	" I think something big is about to happen . "
va	11	asked Nathan , unsure if he had heard correct .
va	5	After a considering moment , he nodded his agreement .
va	10	Talk to Derrick about it , and let me know later .
va	7	Melody drew the long knife from her belt and pointed it at him .
va	11	He was curled up on the floor , his chin resting on John 's knee .
va	7	One boy grabbed the reins to our horses and led them towards an outlying building .
va	9	" Because Yin kept winning all challenges . "
va	8	We pledge ourselves utterly in your service . "
va	6	There was metalwork , jewelry , ceramics , photography , oil and watercolor paintings , sculptures and crafts .
va	5	Except the rounds ricocheted off the scales .
va	10	It defies virtually every principal the United States was founded upon .
va	9	I devoured my supper as I changed and within no time Atticus and I were up on the deck .
va	7	" Excellent work , Cadet Pry , " one of the other officers smiled .
va	10	A snicker of delight escapes the boy 's lips as he throws the chest open and takes the key .
va	5	' And here all these years , in such a busy city ? '
va	10	" You think I 'm kind of hardened ? "
va	11	The Angel flapped his wings , which until that moment had remained almost unnoticed by the boys .
va	11	He had worked late into last evening , alerting public works and the highway commission about the collapse of the stretch .
va	6	" Um , I think maybe no more today , " she said .
va	11	She 's very pretty , or she was when she had some meat on her bones . "
va	10	Turning the corner to the loading dock they spotted Tom sitting on one of the platforms seemingly in deep meditation .
va	9	When he reached the corner of the building , he made a quick right .
va	11	Had to be ready for today 's rehearsal . "
va	9	She could feel his body reacting to her .
va	10	Victoria was sure she heard something break in the door frame .
va	8	A cocoon of movement and laughter and song created an intimate place for new feelings to be discovered and explored .
va	6	Ryan and his two scientists watched the loading from the concrete apron below the aircraft .
va	8	Lance 's deformed body hits the deck with a sickly wet thud .
va	7	" Yes , " Dr. Clarity agreed , " but many await us in the halls and corridors .
va	9	All Mac could see were distant flashes .
va	6	Then he said with an exaggerated slowness , " no , sir .
va	11	The party traveled at a fast pace , not stopping to kill game or to rest .
va	5	But Philip , Alexandra , Leland , Robert , and Graff didn 't know .
va	7	" Are you alright ? "
va	8	" Get up , " the guard ordered , dragging him to his feet .
va	7	He looks at me , and his face goes hard .
va	10	He had to make him see reason .
va	11	Due to Pauline being in the car it was impossible for them to enter into anything other than small talk .
va	5	Gabe laughs and shakes his head .
va	10	I stood up for the history , that 's all .
va	10	She knew that within her was a simmering anger but didn 't know why .
va	5	A single carved stone formed the sidewalk , gutter and street .
va	8	CHAPTER 8 -- The End of a Chapter Simon , in shock , could not find any words .
va	9	They wanted to applaud for shows .
va	10	I got close enough to wrap my arm around him .
va	7	I force myself not to stare .
va	8	The live feed had been shot on the Gif campus .
va	10	he had the audacity to ask with a crooked grin .
va	6	I moved the katana once and stepped back smoothly .
va	6	" The question on the floor , " Barney said .
va	5	But here in the late afternoon sunset , her face , well modeled and feminine , gave away her secret .
va	5	" So , what brings your mouthwatering self down here so early ? "
va	10	" Of course I did but he doesn 't seem to get it . "
va	6	The State Patrol officer 's rifle barked again and this time made it home .
va	10	" How else are you going to warn us of impending doom ? "
va	9	At the moment of hesitation he was the most vulnerable to being outsmarted .
va	9	I had to keep going .
va	7	Too much heat got lost with the fireplace .
va	6	The train employee laughed out loud at my white , sleeveless sweater tank top and ocean blue capris .
va	8	Gan flexed his sword arm , savored the pull of muscle on bone .
va	11	We are going into Darwin to meet Nicola at the lab .
va	8	I know his ambitions for Bay , and I know you support them .
va	8	We 've been running recon from their patrol base ever since . "
va	9	This approaching vehicle , however , presented a physical adversary she could fight .
va	7	Every door in this chamber is guarded by such traps .
va	9	" So , what 's the purpose in having a bar ? "
va	11	My apologies sir , I would not dare to confront a wizard such as yourself .
va	9	The grey aluminum storm door opened and in ducked the boys ' uncle Jeff , Karen 's half-brother .
va	9	It 's a secret Mr. Stark showed me .
va	5	" Wait , wait , wait , wait , " I interrupted them .
va	6	Thomas and Agatha - " " The Clave does not care about Thomas and Agatha . "
va	10	I 'll have to be careful now , she told herself .
va	11	" There is no need for this woman to be ours .
va	8	Stupid men , why couldn 't we have kidnapped one of his sisters ? "
va	8	They found both men lying ten feet apart in the path .
va	9	" In our last encounter you did state that we would play again the following night .
va	7	I ignored the immortal and stared at Reid .
va	7	One lesson in June he looked over to Miss Wilkinson and found her smiling at him .
va	9	He 's not dead , don 't worry .
va	7	A sudden chill flowed through his body , but he quickly suppressed it .
va	5	But then again , maybe my intuition skills were not that good .
va	11	Professors who wanted to research me .
va	6	" It 's all right , " she said .
va	11	I could have been hacking across the hills , letting the horse take the strain .
va	9	He rejoined his clan ; they had gradually crept toward the water and were also admiring the clarity and beauty .
va	8	He grabbed a five gallon plastic bucket from beside the door and headed down the walk to the back gate .
va	9	Let me think about it .
va	6	" Ebi I have a question , " I began after a long hard thought on it .
va	10	He heard one of the men retching inside of his helmet .
va	10	He shifted , it pained him to see her so miserable and yet do nothing .
va	6	The bird song was far too sweet that day , and the sun much too bright .
va	5	Caucasian male , late twenties , brown hair , no distinguishing features . "
va	9	The words seemed to run out and Ruth let them trail away .
va	7	" It 's good , " he couldn 't help saying .
va	10	Do you have one yet ? "
va	6	' Graham , in my opinion , you have the most difficult task .
va	10	She saw the slots now , in the floor where the jaws had lain , perfectly camouflaged .
va	11	He coughed and his eyes shifted to the right like he regretted leaving his office .
va	9	If his father had started an inquiry , every camera in the teleport would be keeping track of the girl .
va	5	The fall broke his neck . "
va	11	Being forced to stay put for five days also allowed Bethany time to recover and gain strength .
va	6	I ignore them and pick up a wedding photo .
va	10	Tuck said , seeing what had happened .
va	10	The two friends were happy to see each other again for the first time since we arrived eight months ago .
va	5	" Not yet , " he said , " not yet . "
va	9	007 's vision was relayed to each of them .
va	8	Lilly Ann pulled Taylor along to a milky glass door across the hall leaving his young admirers behind .
va	6	His hours in the Arizona sun just turned his normally brown skin even darker .
va	5	In my mind , I let one word repeat over and over .
va	8	" Well , I was about to , but then I got some more visitors .
va	8	Anderson let that all sink in .
va	5	" Yeah , something like that .
va	10	I 've been a bit busy saving the kingdom and all , " she said dryly .
va	10	It didn 't matter if Jason called him names .
va	10	What 's wrong with using their tools for our own purposes ?
va	8	To a man , they all seemed to want that .
va	7	He put down the bag , sat on the low couch , and picked up a wineglass and a decanter .
va	9	Just hold your nose then , Jessie ; I 'll roll a window down , too , " Rick joked .
va	8	Gema nodded her agreement with Wendy looking on in amazement .
va	11	Her skin was pale , from months of hiding in shadows .
va	7	Yet something else shone through in the old man 's eyes -- wisdom .
va	10	If he grew more annoyed as Miriam and Neil stuck together , he didn 't show it .
va	9	" It takes more power than most of our computers can provide .
va	8	" You heard him , idiot -- leave the bag alone . "
va	6	Her fall jolted Valerian out of his paralysis .
va	11	That annoyed him more than anything else I could have said or done .
va	7	Because soon the police will be after you .
va	7	" Congrats Percy , " his twin sister Patricia , or also Patty said to him .
va	8	Topic on the table and the reason you 're here David is Tony Wei and Portland Place . "
va	5	But could you at least wear a skirt or something ? "
va	7	I dropped the Glock and lifted the Smith and Wesson in my right hand .
va	10	Frank Turner was sore but already on his feet when Taylor and Lilly Ann came to the house .
va	9	Placing his left hand on the center of the door , he pulled on the handle with his right .
va	8	" Sure , " Ted replied , steering the vehicle into the entrance .
va	6	" But two atoms thinking , that is impossible , " he protested .
va	9	Trying to get ahead ! "
va	5	From her perspective , the two seemed very much alike .
va	6	Literally every person in the city had lost a friend , a loved one , or a relative .
va	8	You don 't give them enough credit for their maturity . "
va	6	Fire team assemble forward of the main engine room , move , move move ! "
va	7	He moved faster and with more determination .
va	10	This shot was followed by two from the M4 with David hitting another man square in the chest .
va	7	Being silently watched is unnerving , and after a few minutes Miriam 's shouts died down and finally ceased altogether .
va	10	Sometimes she could be a little slow picking up the nuances of his plans .
va	6	" Can I have some too , " asked a boyish voice from a dark corner .
va	5	He lets out a high-pitched laugh .
va	9	Maybe I could truly help out , instead of screwing everything up .
va	8	" Is she still in danger from your father ? "
va	6	The web is flawed , you 'll destroy everything ! "
va	10	She thought , he realized , that he was smiling at her .
va	11	I removed the gag and began working on the knots binding her wrists .
va	6	' Of course but , your uncle 's generally been nearby . '
va	11	It moved slightly , so I pressed more , throwing my weight and ramming my shoulder up against it .
va	11	Sam and I fully intend working toward making it happen . "
va	11	Ted grabbed it , but was disappointed to find it empty .
va	9	I doubt I will ever be free . "
va	5	But after a few hours , the headache comes back , worse than ever .
va	6	This land was really quite nice , temperate and pleasantly warm , with beautiful green landscapes .
va	11	And now I don 't understand why you place Simon at risk .
va	9	' I lost contact with Hubert before he could tell me .
va	8	Her ears filled with the sound of her ragged breathing above the rushing of the river somewhere beside them .
va	8	A second later , I was behind the desk , Lacroix 's gun still gripped firmly in my hands .
va	10	He whipped out a knife from his back pocket , popping it open with his thumb .
va	10	The entire coliseum comes to life , their voices rising in an intense roar .
va	8	As with the trip into Italy , the varied landscape and beautiful architecture remained stunning .
va	5	Had the noble classes always just ignored their privilege ?
va	11	Three men seemed to spring up from the ground directly in front of them .
va	11	He cut the last line I rammed the gearshift in forward and opened the throttle .
va	10	" I suppose the money , your income , doesn 't really mean anything to you ? "
va	6	Of course , only the remaining four fingers on his right hand currently held the blade now digging into her spine .
va	10	I did however find someone by that name staying at the Parker Hotel . '
va	10	There could be a big bad creature that wanders over .
va	5	Mark or not , a hard seat was a hard seat .
va	7	She sprang out of the car , she looked at me , then the other two .
va	5	" No , I 'm not , " said a cool voice , and my heart flip-flopped .
va	9	The light slowly dimmed down as Tori threw the necklaces back to everyone .
va	7	Crows screeched their calls through the branches , and the press of the woods bore down on us .
va	11	Her whole body slumped as if a great weight had been placed on her shoulders .
va	6	" Alright , alright , just get on with your story . "
va	10	" It 's going to be all right , everything is going to be all right . "
va	8	She squatted down in front of the corpse , staring at the blackened face .
va	7	Gazing out into the crowded streets , I met the staring eyes of an old woman .
va	11	Bay 's carried the biting tang associated with men injured in conflict .
va	6	But one day the pigeon pecked Ben right in the eye .
va	7	All fires were extinguished , and the ashes removed from the hearths , ovens and fire pits .
va	11	His curiosity was peaked so he decided to follow .
va	10	Did I trust Gorn enough to tell him ?
va	8	" Right , " Edie May complied , " your thoughts attract other thoughts with a similar vibration .
va	7	The double doors flew open , and with muskets cracking , all hell broke loose .
va	11	Let 's go find Farmer , I bet we 'll find him about three miles from here in this direction . "
va	5	" Yes , my lady , he waits outside . "
va	8	William and Ron were in different branches of the private research group .
va	10	A few still able to think with clarity reacted immediately .
va	8	We are spewing dust in every direction . "
va	8	I met this beautiful lady there , " Derrick says as he strokes my long , brown , hair .
va	8	We 'll have the Seeker and the Prince both . "
va	9	" You aren 't going to tell me the room number ? "
va	6	He wants her in the family business .
va	11	he shouted at the top of his lungs , more to break the silence than receive a response .
va	11	- You have to admit that your grandma wasn 't great !
va	10	" The king 's attendants tell me that you brought that idol to him , " he said .
va	7	The priest looked around and saw Innocent sleeping in a huddled heap not too far away , his back to them .
va	7	Between them a bear rose on its hind legs , so massive she froze in stunned terror .
va	8	Pull the van around the barn , dear . "
va	6	" You have a good ear , and your voice is pleasing .
va	6	" That was hilarious , " Ricky said .
va	5	In the meantime , though , " he said , " Checkmate . "
va	7	She can fight with us .
va	7	She resolutely reined in her thoughts and took the cloth from his slackened grasp .
va	11	Her whole being seemed to conform to the transition that her outer form underwent .
va	6	' Damn , ' the red-haired immortal finally murmured in wide-eyed awe .
va	6	" OK , let 's roll , " Ed said to his adjutant .
va	7	" I 'm with Anna , the past already happened !
va	11	asked Jim , trying to hear above another mortar strike .
va	6	" Just move with your pony , " Sarah called ahead to John .
va	5	" The magic of theater , " I said , and we drank .
va	8	At first subtle , but growing more distinct , a thumping vibration rises under the stranger 's feet .
va	8	Malcolm moved in front of me .
va	7	The storm clouds , while still threatening , had held off their rain so far .
va	11	Hailey teased some more as she rubbed her nose against a different blossom .
va	11	" Adele , have you naught to say to this ? "
va	5	So , instead of a friendly , brotherly hug , I get slugged . "
va	11	Sarah could tell he was making his voice sound deep and threatening .
va	6	If not that , wild animals would gnaw his forgotten bones .
va	9	One tunnel made its way to the north of the town where it linked into a hidden cave .
va	11	He finally looked up from his keyboard to meet Chuck 's gaze .
va	10	" I could tell you , but I 'd have to kill you ! "
va	6	He pushed the box across the table to her .
va	8	You know we belong here ! "
va	9	It felt good to sit down .
va	7	Still holding the GPS with his left hand , he grasped Melody 's right hand .
va	9	" Ok , this is where an explanation would be great ! "
va	8	Jason walks up to the control stations where the silent operators continue their passionless vigil .
va	6	The quiet subservient slant of his shoulders was gone .
va	5	And on her feet were the finest red leather boots .
va	5	" Nikki ... " Jax ran a gentle hand down her cheek .
va	8	They won 't bother to try .
va	10	The best thing is to check the website for updates .
va	8	She wore the strange key on a silver chain around her neck as if it were a pendant .
va	7	" Frank 's right ; everyone get across the hall into boardroom three .
va	10	Who cared why it said " before 9 p.m. " !
va	8	" I didn 't find ' im , Mack , " he mumbled .
va	7	" Boy , ain 't nothing involving a pistol and Parson Lucifer ever an accident . "
va	6	Instantly , he dropped to the ground in agony .
va	11	Their uncle told them that many were over 150 feet tall and hundreds of years old .
va	10	She also thought of what Dane had talked about last evening , about the Bible .
va	9	Everybody cheered and went to download the application .
va	8	Had he not been shouting at the time , he probably would have died .
va	10	She didn 't remember Watchers ever sounding like that , but she didn 't remember too much .
va	5	" Uh ... yes , Harry Clemens , Sir harry Clemens , Founder Harry Clemens .
va	10	I think that you noticed it earlier but you didn 't want to believe it .
va	9	" Tomorrow , in the morning ... I think we should leave . "
va	6	Get some ice on your cheek .
va	9	It was filled with water and was hard to breathe .
va	5	" Shalom , Chief , " a familiar voice said .
va	11	OK , now this part is going to blow you away if you 'll excuse the pun ... ... . .
va	9	Katherine smiled seeing his eyebrows rising higher .
va	11	Enough to wait until you 're ready .
va	11	" Get a close-up still shot of this guy coming in , " said Jacob .
va	8	asked Nathan as they stood suddenly .
va	8	Lord Henrik clapped and cheered the loudest of the lot .
va	9	I 'm here to save you , not the other way around . "
va	9	The deer 's antlers worked as a great barricade , shoving back three wolves for each deer .
va	10	It 's meant to take a whole year but I didn 't sign anything .
va	7	They had no further encounters with the black bear .
va	7	" Now face the wall , place your hands against the wall , and spread your legs . "
va	8	He held the phone in his chapped hands and flipped through my pictures , including ones of Aimee .
va	10	Luckily Edwin had already thought of what to say .
va	6	The glow inside was light orange and exceptionally soothing to the eye .
va	9	How is that going to fix things ? "
va	8	" Because you 're in my charge , " she said .
va	11	I 'm assuming it belonged to a Courtier , but I really have no idea .
va	8	" You played golf with Harry and I and soon after , Harry was killed on the golf course .
va	11	" Tess , do you ever want to give life ?
va	8	" Mix of kinetic and HE , " the officer said with relish , looking over at Logan .
va	11	Then he turned and limped off towards the carriage without another word , blood dripping onto the gravel after him .
va	9	That is if the wearer was in ... say ... a coma or something ?
va	6	I turned to the closet .
va	9	She was writhing in the impatience of apprehension .
va	8	I followed him onto the platform , my own limbs tired and unresponsive .
va	5	" Yes , sir , " Tim replied promptly .
va	9	The captain must have found you very impressive , " Aria says curiously while raising her eyebrow .
va	5	No respiration , no heartbeat , no sexual need - or ability .
va	6	Most of the men inside were half asleep , drunk out of their minds .
va	8	Anna interrupted , as if to hide something .
va	8	" We 're doing what you see .
va	7	In the distance , six black curves protruded out of the water then dived back down again .
va	8	The shapeshifter had learned early in his life the secrets of the dark arts .
va	8	We have just been busy with some family business lately . "
va	11	' Thanks , ' I murmured , studying the passage we stood in .
va	8	There is no saving him ! "
va	6	" Yes , but - " " But the real question is , what really happened ? "
va	9	" Waiting ... " Rick answered as Abby typed the same at precisely the same time .
va	9	George , Phillip , and Peter are what you 'd call Werewolves .
va	6	he 'd even run a half marathon ... . "
va	9	The other remained high in the airs swirling back and forth aloft on the breezes .
va	9	Of course , Simon and Neil had to stay and talk to that pompous ass .
va	9	I was eager to see Father !
va	6	Looking up , he saw the woman in the white cloak standing over him .
va	10	Let me have a few minutes with her , all right ? "
va	10	She was stunned by the sheer power and fury of the fight she had been watching .
va	10	He had caught a lot of flack for that earlier as well .
va	8	At least until you created your scene around the corner . "
va	7	She was worried about supplies ?
va	6	Ignoring the parking restrictions outside I pulled up behind a buttercup yellow Porsche 911 .
va	6	Hearing the loud clink , Iris snapped her attention back to the confrontation .
va	5	Maybe the explosion blew the glass away first .
va	5	" Oh , just a little one , " the Irishman mumbled .
va	10	I have enough evidence against both you and your dear friend Alfred to expose the illegal operations of your company .
va	11	I never understood why she continued to play these games .
va	8	The Hunter quickly rolled out from under me and reached for his gun .
va	9	Trying not to disturb Riki , Neil leaned forward .
va	10	" I 'm going to work on a shelter .
va	11	They weren 't bright enough somehow ... it was as if they were only half there .
va	9	He 'll feel that when he wakes up .
va	6	The , other , and less bad , vices come from the devil working on us through our animal nature .
va	8	Tim didn 't like the sound of this .
va	5	" Love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , self control . "
va	11	We 'll replace that once Little Spirit records start shifting record . '
va	9	Beautiful , smart , but she is in love with someone else ... she wants me just as a friend . "
va	8	She repeats what she did before .
va	7	Habitation on Mars was now a fact , though a very fragile one .
va	7	Simon , startled by the loud awakening , jumped in his seat .
va	9	" She 's better than 40 % of the pranksters on Earth . "
va	9	Liz began to move in closer .
va	9	Give me a day pitting myself against nature and every cell comes alive .
va	6	' That 's not an answer , ' said the younger detective harshly .
va	6	But he could never love me .
va	6	Again , he put that out of his mind .
va	10	How could people be so different yet be the products of the same environment ?
va	8	Fletcher : a man whom he must save .
va	5	Tom , in a truck , five hundred miles is almost nothing .
va	6	Trust me , the climb is totally worth it .
va	7	Let me go at once ! "
va	9	" They are puzzled at the sight of you . "
va	7	To search for the prisoner !
va	7	As they neared their destination , Flaherty 's threat indicator started beeping .
va	9	A whole bunch of pointing and gesturing until the poor sap finally guesses correctly .
va	10	As she watched , Hailey felt herself getting into the movement of the dance .
va	10	" Have you indeed learned how to fly ? "
va	7	Only me and my children live here , please go away , we do not want any problem . "
va	9	She turned her look back at the gem .
va	8	More by instinct than anything else he turned away and put his head in his arms .
va	9	If Lilith hadn 't been killed outright , she would be terminally infected .
va	10	Until 1995 when it all finally came to an end .
va	5	" Good afternoon , 007 , " said William .
va	6	Her eyes flutter closed , her third eye vanishes , and her body goes limp .
va	9	She looked at the closed door of Miriam 's bedroom .
va	7	He turned to the Bastian tech manning the computers .
va	11	The injured were brought to the square , and it was decided where they would stay the night .
va	8	" To end this foolishness . "
va	9	Her mother had taken the brunt of his alcoholic anger , but often it boiled over to her or the dog .
va	6	" Yes , with a rubber slug , " said Jenkins .
va	7	They were good people and they didn 't rile easily .
va	7	Black blotches swam into view and already the far side of the lavatories was no more than a grey blur .
va	11	He tried to place his hands over her ears as well , a completely futile gesture .
va	8	A large street plan of London was spread out on the table as the two volunteers entered .
va	6	" In the last few years the Nanticoke River has risen here .
va	6	That means live or die .
va	7	He pulled me close again .
va	11	Reid directed the pen torch towards the floor and cupped the end in his palm to mask the beam .
va	6	She gently massaged his chest and stomach , and worked her hand lower .
va	11	Alex is putting on a shirt in front of his bed .
va	7	Sonny jumped down and handed Ash his horse 's rein , then began to fiddle with the rough split rails .
va	8	You have to see something . "
va	10	We are going in guns blazing with full shields .
va	10	" Nobody is going to hurt my brother , " she screamed .
va	8	The one to his left carried a short club while the other two wielded long knives .
va	9	No one knew that I owned the apartment complex .
va	9	' The trail will get cold if we leave it any longer . '
va	8	Smashwords Edition 2 , May 2011 License Notes : This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
va	6	I never press to my full limit .
va	10	What were they to make of all this ?
va	11	I 'd strike anything that bit me like an animal .
va	8	The two men had left , inflamed , and promises were made for imminent satisfaction .
va	8	In his black heart he knew they were right .
va	5	" Yes , um , well , isn 't that dandy ! "
va	11	He 's going to be staying with us .
va	7	He pulled her to her feet and handed over her daggers .
va	11	Do you need to eat ? "
va	8	That distraction came in pieces of colored candy .
va	9	That she was attracted to Neal was undeniable .
va	10	When she looked where he was pointing , he went on .
va	9	I 'm glad Josh isn 't here .
va	10	The woman laughed and said , " I love those eyes of yours . "
va	7	I won 't be able to . "
va	10	I think they deserve to win . "
va	6	Go on , " Logan urged , his curiosity apparently piqued .
va	9	" We 're going to make it .
va	10	He seemed to be looking around for something again .
va	5	" Much like the postal service , demon hunters never sleep .
va	10	I 'm sick of being uncomfortable and ... ' ' And ? '
va	10	After a while it seemed like silence had returned to the night breeze once more .
va	11	I do want to come out .
va	7	It was just too big an area for Detachment 1039 's remaining field operatives .
va	8	She continued to talk , a crease appearing on her forehead .
va	8	A match flickered , and Neil smelt the acrid odor of incense .
va	11	Anyway , I 've got another way of dealing with them . "
va	9	Every step seemed to make him wince .
va	11	Do you know where they are ? "
va	9	I think she really did believe it .
va	7	She 's wearing green , poor thing .
va	10	Simon stepped in the way before the leader could speak to Stefano .
va	7	" No , the sensors we have would detect abnormally high carbon dioxide levels along with any seismic activity .
va	10	To experience the wonder of his love after the storm was too much and tears ran down her face .
va	5	" We will right this yet . "
va	6	Yet , he was not relaxed either .
va	8	Riordan told me to get out .
va	6	His gaze raked over her once , and she blushed .
va	5	" Sinclair , Colonel Sinclair , Major ... ? "
va	11	There was one place I wanted to be .
va	10	Obviously he was going with the not-so-subtle approach to questioning .
va	9	He smiled as she stretched her body against him .
va	11	I 'm looking forward to getting out of there as soon as I can .
va	7	In terms of its architecture the museum reminded the boys of the ancient Chinese Imperial palaces .
va	5	The skies became angry and violent .
va	10	I started pulling them out , more and more , until green covered the table .
va	11	And that should be enough to tip his opinion in our favour . '
va	9	People were pushing to escape , frustration mixed with fear .
va	9	Jessica was still taunting her , shaking her head around wildly with her tongue sticking out , flopping around .
va	8	Others formed a cordon around me , guarding me with their own lives .
va	9	Trying to kill Savannah ? "
va	7	He quickly turned around again and swerved back onto the road .
va	9	Others mocked him with sacrifices , of all things , human hearts .
va	10	It was a force that called to their weapons .
va	6	" We have the secure spots , we picked the battle field and yet they have the upper hand .
va	7	Gabriel snapped his long fingers , calling her attention back .
va	11	After what seems like an eternity , the simple kiss ends as neither of the companions want to back away .
va	6	No one spoke loud enough to call attention , however .
va	9	There was much work going on , and everyone was happy that the winter had passed .
va	10	Dad , what do you think ? "
va	10	She chipped some of it away but decided to finish digging it out first .
va	8	As if remembering something the Wizard said , " Let me show you . "
va	11	I knew you 'd want to know .
va	11	And no doubt he means me and the others to be the ones killed in the process .
va	7	After stretching , she mounted one and bounced , pranced , flipped , and flopped back and forth across it .
va	11	The architecture aimed to create a seamless appearance of almost liquid beauty .
va	6	" You , " she said to the gypsy .
va	8	" I can 't say I blame him .
va	7	Jack can go to hell .
va	9	What was this man was talking about ?
va	9	Suddenly , he realized they both were alive and had made it through the drive-by shooting .
va	8	I had never , in all our time together , seen Logan in such a rage .
va	9	When she spoke , the quickness of her words and gestures made Conway think of an irritable little bird .
va	6	" But I already have a book , " she said to no one in particular .
va	9	Campbell was given a long lecture on the cost of the current debacle .
va	7	You are hiding a terrible secret , aren 't you Doctor Hartman ? "
va	6	In a great circle , under the starry sky and the waxing moon , they now made their bivouac .
va	9	" We 'll leave a trail a league wide cutting through that !
va	8	Rafe grinned and pulled a few sticks from the bundle he had collected for the fire .
va	11	" I guess I was worried about you going . "
va	10	I focused my eyes on the distant hill and could make out a large , cumbersome vehicle ploughing towards us .
va	10	It looked as if someone had taken the corridor and expanded it to gigantic proportions .
va	8	If Helen didn 't killed me , he will .
va	7	The milk chocolate of the River Suriname undulated to the far bank , over a kilometre away .
va	10	Rhapsody thought she knew why .
va	11	Then I noticed there was a man unlike any other watching me .
va	10	He blinked and turned a solemn gaze on me .
va	6	" That 's quite enough , " a mysterious voice declares .
va	8	It was what ultimately saved us .
va	11	It seems Mr. Vella has taken a fancy to you , Linda said he made some flattering comments . "
va	5	" Then again , ' t is not my strongest gift . "
va	7	Clutching a hand to his chest , the ninja offers one final phrase .
va	7	I played with fire and I 've been burned .
va	6	" Which one you want , Dad ? "
va	7	How to pick a lock . "
va	5	" Yeah , so what 's he here for ? "
va	6	Most people rushed past us .
va	6	Almost instantly a woman wearing a maids uniform knocked and quietly entered the room .
va	7	Oh yes , now that she is mine , many things would be changing .
va	8	That 's when me and my genius brain got involved . "
va	9	" When do you expect the fever to break ? "
va	5	" Keep going , " I tell him .
va	10	" Roberto , what are you not telling me ? "
va	9	The poor girl ... this must be alarmingly new for her .
va	11	All was forgotten except to just live for the moment .
va	8	She had to stop it .
va	7	She took his place , opened the door a few inches , and peered out .
va	7	He entered Eddie 's apartment and quietly closed the door behind him .
va	6	Sure enough , up ahead , the dirt road leads to a handsome colonial .
va	11	" The coast didn 't come up when we debated leaving the cave .
va	10	' I 'm not sure what came over me . '
va	9	The same glow he felt in the environment he was in and then it dawned on him .
va	9	It blew on Rand at an angle , striking his left side and rippling up through his hair .
va	7	After a deep breath , Rift takes hold of the vine , slowly working his way upward .
va	8	The journey to the black cloud took a long half hour off-road through fields of dry , golden wheat .
va	9	I might take a walk around the town and have a look at the beautiful countryside .
va	9	David gave his wife 's shoulders a squeeze .
va	9	I studied the stranger Victor had addressed .
va	5	7 August 22 , 1624 Today was exceptionally warm day .
va	11	Chapter 30 : Captured At first she was too sleepy to fight .
va	7	I was just looking at him with fear .
va	11	And it wouldn 't be that hard to find him after that .
va	8	she finally asked to break the unpleasant silence .
va	10	Christine thanked their pudgy tour manger then to Johnny said , ' Why ? '
va	10	I suppose it did look funny .
va	6	" Too far away , besides it 's a little too much out of my price range . "
va	8	I thought our loyalty was paramount and true . "
va	10	It seemed his little waiting game had turned against him .
va	10	But he wasn 't going to do it with anyone watching .
va	11	Mac had to think quickly to cancel both emergency calls .
va	7	He has left no sons and so his lands are mine .
va	7	We can use him as bait .
va	6	The older you get , the more you travel , the more frequently you come across the same things .
va	7	The river grew close and rapidly disappeared ; we flew low over a busy highway .
va	8	He changed so much , since he came home .
va	7	No honey for them , it only makes your job harder .
va	8	" He is fine now , but still a little weak . "
va	9	' In exchange , I promised never to make contact with you . '
va	8	He paused for a moment and continued with the wrinkled visible on his forehead .
va	9	Andy 's heart almost stopped when a huge wave loomed at them .
va	10	" You won 't have to wait long , the finale is almost here . "
va	10	It was the only thing that kept me going .
va	7	" When we found you ... You had a. . .
va	9	Thoroughly filthy , she turned to Cade with her hands out .
va	11	Minister Drake says I 'm prone to waffling . "
va	11	" Daddy doesn 't always know what is going on from CIC .
va	8	Lance extends his hand and the PCD flies across the room and lands directly into his hand .
va	7	" I 'm not done with you . "
va	8	The man only scowls in response , gaining ideal footing for the next assault .
va	10	I 've been dealing with bullies for a long time .
va	10	" I thought that he was not so tall as Finn . "
va	11	To Gan , Neela said , " I 'm glad you saved them .
va	9	" Of course , take a seat , wherever you like , " he said .
va	10	All this going on ... And all you can think about is how beautiful the girls are .
va	7	" I don 't trust this guy , " Jimmy said .
va	8	She handed it to him without a word and followed the two of them outside .
va	10	Maybe not always sharp enough to kill , but certainly sharp enough to leave a nasty cut .
va	6	My hot girl , in my hot car , it 's kinda hot , don 't you think ? "
va	11	" It doesn 't matter what I think about you , Edwin .
va	7	" Don 't touch me , " she said in a low , threatening tone .
va	6	The end of the arm looked like a mechanical hand with only three fingers .
va	8	' Well , I can 't exactly argue with that , ' he said in a disgruntled tone .
va	10	Her voice was quiet but as Eda turned to argue , she met a look of reproof that silenced her .
va	11	I hand him what 's left of the water .
va	7	Looking into his broken eyes , the horror of hubris overtook me once more .
va	9	Only my face cut the water , gasped mouthfuls of sweet air , and then I ducked down .
va	7	the Prince roared in his face , but the man only smiled manically back .
va	9	" So there 's tracks here , " he mused as he set it back on the desk .
va	11	' Well , they were gon na find out about us soon anyway , ' he said with a grimace .
va	8	" I 'm worried about David , " Bethany said .
va	7	Watching the commander 's report was more reminiscent of my imagination than real life .
va	7	" Time for the gym now , " Alex announced after the short rest .
va	11	Let them accuse her behind closed doors .
va	6	Despite my growing fear , life moved on ; the harvest came and leaves grew dry and crisp .
va	10	Several of the women proved they could handle guns , so now they were armed too .
va	9	" Good fortune at last , " I said , my words in time with my feet .
va	10	Eight families here on Earth are wondering why they can 't reach their loved ones .
va	8	Finally , the rough men dragged Henri , bleeding in several places , from the home .
va	8	The rumour was that Andy had mysterious connections .
va	5	Sorry , sorry , got a little off-track there .
va	11	" Does this mean that we get to go home now ? "
va	9	" Mark , you have to do better , " lectured Kenichi .
va	9	I hit Boston just as the earliest risers were out on the streets .
va	6	A sudden clicking like castanets , sometimes alarmingly close , added a startling rhythm to the cacophony .
va	6	On particular Chef worked harder than the others .
va	7	" We can take them now , " Mai declares with a stoic determination .
va	11	I took turns focusing on each one .
va	9	" I am going to bed too , are you going to be all right ? "
va	11	I said , " Has to be the southern half of Vella 's Navy ? "
va	5	" No neurological damage , no internal bleeding , no permanent ... anything .
va	8	Both knees of her jeans had ripped in the fall and she bloodied her elbow , too .
va	8	They wanted to rule the world . "
va	9	Taylor turned to Harry and grabbed his arm , " Thank you , you won 't regret this . "
va	11	" Something ... something that made me feel better .
va	7	I wondered , and why did Teddy want a flying office ?
va	7	The paint is peeling and rust eats its way up the gutters .
va	9	" Bloody hell , " he said , as he stared at Andy .
va	7	Ali had always thought of himself as a city man .
va	10	Captain le Roux laughed at her disbelief , looking at the lifeless body of the Falcon .
va	9	" Hold your fire , hold you fire , friendly coming in ! "
va	11	She had to fight the urge to run .
va	8	The girl is a marvelous dancer ; no doubt she 's plying that trade somewhere .
va	5	" Oh , no you don 't , " he said .
va	5	" Nope , " Alejo shook his head firmly .
va	6	Her body yearned for his touch .
va	10	The same Air Force captain was waiting for them on the tarmac as Frank climbed out of the vehicle .
va	11	Before I could understand what was happening , BANG !
va	8	Taylor was not yet satisfied with Lilly Ann 's reasoning , " What about literature and math and history and geography ?
va	8	There was a splash on their left , coming from the far riverbank directly across from their location .
va	5	Yes , it was definitely a man .
va	5	" Oh , yeah , probably not the best lunch topic . "
va	7	She pulled out a most strange looking key .
va	11	Voice # 1 : " I 've been trying to reach you all day . "
va	11	Raven was awaken by the loud unpleasant noise and was shocked to see the beast before them .
va	9	I don 't want to see this .
va	10	I have selected you because my instinct tells me I can trust you .
va	7	She heard the man on the phone suck air in through his teeth .
va	6	You make money from that ? "
va	8	" She 's there , in her bedroom , " Marja replied , gesturing toward the other room .
va	9	It was as if they had entered a different realm .
va	6	" Okay , now I like you , too , " he said in his clipped accent .
va	5	" Alright , Gabe , alright ! "
va	8	Sitting in the waiting room Manuel felt worried about his mother and Gordon , but he didn 't feel sad .
va	8	The question on everyone 's lips was , would Bay be next to him ?
va	8	I guess you 're right .
va	7	The trees , bushes , even the cows in the pastures , all wore the same red squalor of clay dust .
va	10	You don 't know everything I 've done .
va	11	She did want to see him .
va	9	I moved to her , and with a slight grin towards Kurt , put a hand onto her arm .
va	7	The hunters came forward and cautiously poked around his eye with a stick .
va	5	But for a few minutes , I read the same page over and over .
va	5	However , through the open barn door he saw two horses .
va	9	She 'd like to look outside .
va	10	He rose abruptly from the table , the chair clattering behind him .
va	10	Gema had been away for a couple of weeks and wasn 't due back for another couple of days .
va	9	" You can only see the top half of the tail , and you know it 's a C-5 ?
va	8	" You are branded a traitor to your people , and your King .
va	6	The whistles of the wind , shrill and shriek , snatched his attention , stole his gaze .
va	7	" It 's the same droning idiocy as back home .
va	10	" You act as if everything is on your head and it 's not .
va	10	I 'm planning to return to the surface shortly .
va	9	Call us when you get there , " Mrs. Collins said .
va	6	† † † " Mother , Father , please let me go .
va	8	But the battery had long since gone dead and , besides , the robbers had taken all their phones last night .
va	9	Plus , she wouldn 't be replacing Warrior 's cortex , just sharing her consciousness .
va	10	I don 't mean to cut in but ... " " But what ? "
va	6	" But , " started the man , " it is not a request or an offer .
va	5	To my surprise the entire car was empty .
va	8	He let the air brakes out at half notch for two seconds and retracted them .
va	10	I think it 's waiting for something . "
va	11	Finally he reached a break in the greenery , revealing the true horror that awaited him .
va	8	Because they were behind the whole thing , that 's why .
va	7	" But I 'm sorry for your troubles .
va	7	And they 're the ones with the rifles .
va	8	CHAPTER 15 The Forgotten When she woke , she was on a pallet in a tiny little room .
va	10	Wolf Eyes knew that they would come to the surface soon .
va	11	This was not exactly going to be a walk in the park .
va	10	There was no knocker or doorbell so Missy started pounding on the door .
va	9	A far better ratio than he had expected at this stage in the game .
va	9	" It 's amazing how well you knew us , " said Sophia looking gratefully at the young man .
va	7	" Checking for cracks ? "
va	9	" Food , " he said in the same even tone then laid it back on the tray .
va	6	The teams flooded the street and sidewalks .
va	9	He did not know about the rest of the men .
va	5	" Ya , maybe late tomorrow , " replied Mark .
va	7	Sarah and Chris hurried over and waited for the show to begin .
va	7	You got all the way to the end and then overlooked that ? "
va	8	Green saluted Butch again , " By your leave sir . "
va	8	In our third section is our laser department , " Ryan added as they went through .
va	8	Logan finished in a rush , and it was quiet for several moments .
va	8	I could pick my teeth with you after all , " Lance says with a giggle .
va	9	He shut the cases and walked back and into the building , Angelique following him .
va	6	one of the mooks asked Adam , " Despite the advantage of numbers and bullets ? "
va	6	" Well , yeah , he 's a guy , " I said , " And we 're just friends . "
va	8	No dogs barking to herald her presence .
va	7	His emotionless face is shrouded beneath an old , damaged cowl .
va	9	Her looks gave the impression of someone who enjoyed science fiction and computer games .
va	10	His lawyer thought he might only serve five with good behavior .
va	8	Images of her locked in her room with barely any food made me dig my fingers into the ground .
va	10	The tall , lanky former Texan who was dressed in the typical tan uniform extracted himself from the squad car .
va	9	" I don 't think you do , " he said .
va	9	The journey he would take would be a long one for us though not as long for him .
va	6	After a short pause he slammed his cane to the door once more .
va	11	Look at how irritated he is because of you and your stupid plan . "
va	7	While Mark tried the shoes on , she rummaged in her other plastic bag .
va	8	" Unfortunately , as with most developing civilisations , you also developed mistrust .
va	7	Mark still drove , and Josie and Jimmy rode in the back .
va	8	He had a hard time with his retirement and was severely depressed .
va	11	Despite his efforts the wound pulsed blood , staining his black uniform and sloshing to the floor around us .
va	9	" I don 't have time for you , " the Prince said abruptly .
va	6	" A day , maybe a day and a half , " said Tek .
va	8	Why do we take umbrage at some things we view overpriced and not others ?
va	10	It was ancient by their standards , but state of the art for the 20th century .
va	10	The bill had passed the vote and would now be rubber stamped by the senate .
va	10	Paul stood wondering where this was leading .
va	8	The next morning , when the sun came up , the songbirds could only be heard in the distance .
va	10	Jack said , trying not to sound bored .
va	8	" The top of this barrel is unlatched and moved over slightly but nothing inside was disturbed . "
va	6	A shield on his belt identified him as a detective with the Miami police .
va	9	She still had too much wild blood in her to be stopped .
va	10	The coach was leaving early and she had to be on it .
va	10	We wouldn 't be here without you , or Amy for that matter .
va	7	Tim stood up , went over to his computer and turned it on .
va	5	More than ever before , the isolated cottage became a warm , safe haven .
va	8	She rushed back to her group , waving the envelope in the air .
va	7	Good grades , good degree , good career , for all the good it did me .
va	6	Calmly , he said , ' We 'll give it a go . '
va	11	" Dave I want you to take a look at a guy in Worcester .
va	5	But not clam eater , " Lex replied honestly .
va	5	" But , yes , Wesley is a nice guy , too . "
va	8	From what Jimmy 's told me you did a sterling job , stepped right into the breech .
va	5	" Thank you , Finan . "
va	5	But right now , for the time being , my past , my fears , and my thoughts were my business .
va	7	to the man at the counter .
va	9	There is a lot that you don 't know yet .
va	7	I blink , but the image doesn 't go away .
va	6	He was growing strong and healthy .
va	11	They wanted to be the heroes of the day , I guess . "
va	9	Why are they all so eager to please ?
va	8	She knows she 's pregnant ?
va	7	No , I ... I didn 't think twice . "
va	9	Victoria and I have some explaining to do .
va	9	Almost involuntarily the sisters began to observe his every move .
va	10	He laughed a bit , feeling a certain exultation at avoiding his mother .
va	9	his father screamed as he towered over him .
va	6	" Nevada to Sierra Bravo I , do you copy over ? "
va	10	They all appeared to be filled with gold coins .
va	8	Trojans were still taking flight around me ; those already in the air had almost reached the Gateway Cavern .
va	7	That man bought my life with his , God as my witness .
va	8	Dead leaves and branches snapped beneath our feet when we entered the woods .
va	8	His sword was like a living thing in his hand .
va	7	His men followed close behind in a horizontal line and swept the room .
va	9	That happy-go-lucky attitude changed immediately when the next of the dinner guests arrived .
va	8	The thought made her blush , but there it was .
va	8	I shouted to her without turning my face .
va	9	" I 'm glad you 're alive .
va	9	" I found the scones -- " I cut her off in the middle of her sentence .
va	6	The docks were his graveyard , now , and that broken board was his tombstone .
va	9	The double tragedy was in losing his golden retriever , Ginger .
va	7	" Thank you Jesus , " he mutters , and the red slowly dissipates from his aura .
va	10	His eyes burned and he had the worst possible headache he could ever imagine .
va	10	" Well thank you for your time and for appearing on the Morning Sun .
va	7	The grass lies upon the bare earth , black and singed .
va	9	What I 'm used to .
va	9	The air was redolent with the acrid smell of sulfur .
va	9	Only the stars hung in the sky to guide him on his mission .
va	9	" Always get itchy when I miss my shower , " he grumbled .
va	6	I did some quick shovel probes nearby and found the natural soil profile .
va	6	She managed one more unsteady step , and then she collapsed .
va	11	William relaxed his shoulders , slumping , and said , " Everyone thinks you are dead . "
va	8	George came round from the back of the house .
va	11	They both had solid muscles built up by working on building sites .
va	6	The Prince drew a sharp breath , but the cut was shallow .
va	9	After minutes of ultimate humiliation , I hovered inches from the ground , close enough to kiss the dirty cement .
va	11	He knew it was no use arguing with him .
va	6	Her lips always gleamed crimson , her blonde hair always fell in long ringlets down her back .
va	10	Toby could hear the Asians ' footsteps running toward 006 , he directed the HS to turn and look at them .
va	10	What he saw made him lose any last hint of inhibition and run like a madman .
va	10	Wanted to know me better . "
va	10	Neither made a mistake , neither gave ground without turning around and taking it back .
va	7	A glare over her shoulder promptly returns the gawking group below to their training .
va	5	Lush , tall forests , green meadows and bountiful gardens covered the island .
va	8	GW you won 't believe what they did !
va	9	" So my code chose not to turn on the Werewolf cells ? "
va	9	" Here goes nothing , " he said under his breath and moved to the other side of the coyote .
va	5	Not biologically , but your mother , and the only real mother you ever had .
va	7	Two of the major 's lieutenants had accompanied us on the flight .
va	5	Adele 's startled eyes met his .
va	7	If it looks dangerous , let some other fool put ' is head on the line . "
va	7	I shrugged and unhesitatingly swung around the open archway into the next corridor , " oh well . "
va	7	A harp sat here , and a lute on a stand .
va	6	Kyle , the senior quarterback , was improving and this worried me .
va	10	When she tried to bend it , she moaned in pain .
va	8	" But could you do me a favor ? "
va	11	They said she could take as much time as she needed .
va	9	" We can leave if you prefer , " Neil added .
va	8	" Is that the best you 've got ? "
va	8	Hailey felt the youthful power in her ; she was art in motion .
va	8	" Another one to see you , sir . "
va	9	As if I could touch you and not know what you are ! "
va	10	He walked off behind them losing himself in the dense foliage and was quickly out of sight .
va	7	I squinted at Atticus and flipped my gas mask back on .
va	7	But the more the hot , sticky tears trickled down her face , the less and less impressed the man looked .
va	7	" I spoke to Rob yesterday ... ... .
va	7	" The entire complex is underground and covers nearly three miles . "
va	7	Again , my tears start to flow .
va	11	Are they hard to talk to ? "
va	7	He roared in agony and four men carried him away .
va	5	Exotic birds with vibrant plumage and monkeys of all description populated the trees .
va	7	After a few moments of frenzied side discussion and shouted argument , Jess reigned in the chaos .
va	9	You have the element of surprise if you don 't botch that somehow .
va	9	I wait for more , the spill of confession , the breakdown , the stubborn justifications .
va	8	His eyes probed with blunt admiration , and she was glad for her heavy robe .
va	6	Quite ironic , don 't you think ? "
va	5	Darkness filled the starry night sky .
va	11	As I said , we need thirty days to check out what happened and rectify the situation . "
va	5	" Good morning , S3 , this is Jill Kline . "
va	8	You can swim can 't you ? "
va	10	If that 's the case , it 's a good thing we 're fighting them here .
va	9	The old elders of the village were stationed at the opposite end of the field .
va	7	They walked on in silence again .
va	6	" Oh , well ... I don 't know . "
va	6	' Just give me the goddamned eggs , ' he muttered .
va	6	" Dude , of course , anything you need , " Hicks states without hesitation .
va	10	No use in standing around arguing .
va	8	Headquarters was quick to answer .
va	7	The door swung to its half-open position and stopped .
va	11	Morris was practicing how to shoot in the forest .
va	9	He was there visiting his other brother , bringing the news of the two deaths .
va	9	" Because a personal guard to the king just bloody asked you , miserable peasant !
va	6	The man , he looked , I don 't know . "
va	7	To top it off , he was getting friendly -- - too friendly .
va	8	It 's used for hiking and biking and camping and all that primitive nonsense .
va	9	Because I had to leave .
va	9	Getting her to agree was just a minor inconvenience that he 'd work on .
va	7	The sword in his right hand became ten times heavier and his shield almost pulled him to the ground .
va	9	Sarah took the biscuits out of the oven and slid one onto a small plate for him .
va	9	Another move , and the claws were directly opposite two recessed handles in the metal shape .
va	10	" It was your choice to involve him in our business .
va	10	Amy looked at Katherine but didn 't move to answer it .
va	8	And I 've heard the same thing from Iago 's men . "
va	6	when are you coming down ? "
va	9	She 's been my companion since I was born . "
va	5	" Of course , Lady Matisse , " the Seon said .
va	7	I leapt over a low crash barrier , landed on my feet and kept running .
va	6	Touching his swollen eye gingerly , he replied , " It seemed like a good idea at the time . "
va	6	" Where 's your Mommy and Daddy ? "
va	9	They said our prey would not be there . "
va	10	" And you can tell that Three Baskets really loves him , " he said .
va	8	Dawn crested the horizon , spreading her rosy fingers towards the fields .
va	11	She was certain that this could not be healthy for anybody .
va	6	" Put that thing away , " said Gunner , speaking softly .
va	10	And the forces of heaven have come down to earth to help you in this .
va	9	Jason flips back , avoiding wide arcing swipes from the creature 's grotesquely clawed hands .
va	7	' I 'm getting a high background heat signal from that place .
va	7	He must 've sensed the tension .
va	8	I collapsed to my knees , resting my forehead on the ground .
va	10	" Let 's see if they like some American music . "
va	10	I said anxiously , shifting to give him space .
va	10	" Because I 'm forbidden to exist , aren 't I ? "
va	9	It would have to be a quick sortie , in and out .
va	9	My thoughts were ripped back to the present as a howl of surprise and pain filled the dark corridor .
va	8	" Destination confirmed safe , initiating displacement , " T answered .
va	9	You know more than you 're saying .
va	9	The air was full of radiation although all around nature was in full bloom .
va	10	He had no idea if the guard caught sight of them or not .
va	10	I placed the last canister down and heard footsteps followed closely by muffled whispers .
va	8	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle noted the guards ' positions , and then they backed away and returned to the path .
va	10	Are you taking the ferry or flying to the South Island ? "
va	7	The frown had returned to her face .
va	9	Except it was painted yellow .
va	9	" How am I supposed to get there ?
va	5	" No , sir - I mean , yes , sir . "
va	10	The wood reverberated before being swung open .
va	8	They both , simultaneously , took off in a dead run as hard as they could go .
va	7	In another time and place , in a world without Joey , Katya might well have become Mrs. Frank Beretta .
va	5	After a few hundred yards I passed the Polish van driver .
va	9	" How can you sleep at a time like this ? "
va	9	Are you looking for Jon ? "
va	6	Besides , apart from the ' keen ' aspect it didn 't need any effort .
va	11	" Do you have to do that ? "
va	9	You should fear for Gunnar 's life as well , but I don 't . "
va	7	She huddled into her coat and tucked her chin into her collar .
va	7	Contrary my will , the girl took my hand and together went to his room .
va	10	I 'm gon na miss you , man . "
va	7	Unfortunately , except for the rad detector , we 've lost contact with all outside sensors .
va	10	Savage gangs roamed the land bent on surviving for one more day even if it meant eating their best friend .
va	9	" You had better take two of the men and follow his tracks .
va	10	It was easy to be angry , and easy to place blame .
va	11	He felt his face go red before trying again , slowly and carefully this time .
va	7	" Hello Simon " added Inspector Lau in a heavy accented English .
va	8	" You 're one of us now , " he said simply .
va	8	Drew tried not to look worried .
va	8	The Commander rang off leaving David to his thoughts .
va	6	" OK Dad , we 're coming , " she easily agreed .
va	6	Behind me , Frankie mumbled something but I couldn 't focus .
va	11	' Do you think he will go ? '
va	6	" The formal definition of insanity , " I said , " is actually quite fluid .
va	8	Apparently he was on a ' too lower a pay grade ' to think .
va	6	' Outside the client 's building , ' he replied .
va	7	" Come here , " she said , holding out one hand .
va	10	Rift can feel the hot burst of breath as the snap of teeth misses the mark once again .
va	8	The cottages on the perimeter of the town were empty as well .
va	8	More , unnoticed tears were pooling in the man 's haunted face .
va	9	But he felt less sanguine when he got to the motor pool .
va	10	I looked up at the corner I was now climbing .
va	9	" Your body is chained to a bed , inside a van , on its way to a holding cell . "
va	9	Ezra struggled as if her life depended on it .
va	7	The shapeshifter was surprised by the dust and stone pieces .
va	9	The trip seemed to last both an eternity and no time at all .
va	9	I flew through the passage with no idea where I 'd end up .
va	9	" Look , let 's just get going .
va	9	They play a vital role in your life , am I right ? "
va	8	" Just trust that they have been .
va	9	His general impression was that wherever he was , the room was very expensive and very clean .
va	9	His little sister Kari had perfected that withering stare two years ago at the age of nine .
va	8	As the meal was being prepared , Dane asked Drew , " How much further do you think ? "
va	9	Tried to talk us out of it , actually .
va	8	" He 's a member of the royal family , " he said quietly .
va	9	Still , something about him is strange , as if his actions are somehow not his own .
va	9	He kept his cool and continued to methodically reload .
va	7	" Yes , I called you in fine clothes , " whispered Altaf , " but not me .
va	6	Sitting a few seats back was Sheriff Ed Pool and the county attorney Cindy Kubrick .
va	10	" Maybe I 'll tell you the story after this is over . "
va	11	Her morning sickness lasted longer so that by the time she had her wits about her , she was famished .
va	11	It felt almost sinful to relax in an armchair by the fire and peruse through the latest work by Dumas .
va	6	Cade 's amusement faded at the terror on her face .
va	10	" Well , there are several problems , actually , " responded Reggie as he began to organize his thoughts .
va	7	" Yeah , back then people were killing each other all the time for no real reason whatsoever .
va	7	Just thought it would be fun . "
va	8	" It looks as though someone else has the same policy .
va	7	With a flick of his wrist and arm , he threw the knife at the large stranger .
va	9	There were braids in the sides of his shoulder-length hair , with colored beads dangling from them .
va	11	He was careful to land as light as possible .
va	11	She had felt angry and betrayed , because he had put them at risk .
va	11	" Are you giving us any troops to keep permanently ? "
va	9	" The backbone servers have not been rebooted and there have been no power outages for 18 months .
va	11	She missed being taken care of by humans .
va	11	Nolen fell to the ground trying to get his thoughts straight .
va	5	With one final shove , she pushed the dress all the way down .
va	5	" Oh yeah , " Gabe sighs .
va	6	His scars rip open , pulse blood through his tattered clothes .
va	11	" It seems you aren 't bothered by the peoples ' deaths . "
va	9	" The implant seems to be a great success , " said Jacob .
va	8	' I really hate shooting in the wind . '
va	6	A teacher walks over , picks up the hologram simulator , and pockets it , the ninja disappearing .
va	11	Riley noted they all appeared to be men .
va	5	At my pained look , he lowers his voice again .
va	8	" Just kill ' im , " the lout said , as he moved back to his horse .
va	11	Raven had stepped out onto the catwalk , as well , strolling in the opposite direction cradling a high-powered rifle .
va	6	John took the biscuit and bit into it .
va	5	" More suction , Kerry , " Dr. Warner instructed Dr. Stadler .
va	9	Flashes of light and smoke filled the air as gunfire exploded around us .
va	8	His face twitched , and a bead of sweat dribbled down the folds of his neck .
va	7	The words were profound , and I needed a moment to process everything .
va	11	I wanted to leap to my grandfather 's defence , but Gorn got there first .
va	8	They began to hear an eerie sound , like the wind .
va	7	I puffed out my chest and strutted off , giving them their show .
va	6	She looked up at him with her dark eyes .
va	9	Claire sat on the edge of her chair and looked with puzzlement at Josh 's sprawled form .
va	10	I always figured it was the captain 's reputation , ya know ?
va	10	Merely acknowledging that difficulty forced her to confront the raw desperation of her plan .
va	7	And ... oh my God ... ' She gripped the sheets of paper tightly in her hand .
va	7	" The thought had crossed my mind , yes . "
va	10	Don 't you think you should get in there ? "
va	7	" It 's a diary , " said Edwin , after a few seconds thought .
va	11	Earl panted , rolling to get beside her .
va	7	Had she really done all this ?
va	11	" More would have died if you hadn 't stopped him . "
va	5	Chapter 11 - Tokyo , Japan : Robots , Robots , Robots !
va	6	" You can 't kill him . "
va	11	It seemed he was just as angry with Jane as he was Bryony .
va	5	Then together the human butterflies slowly moved their eight foot wings .
va	8	" A rather forward child , he seems not to know his place . "
va	10	Lynn realized the transmitters must be Imp signal blockers .
va	6	" Bloody hell , " the big man said for the fourth time .
va	6	All of those quotes were from the same person .
va	6	" Yes sir , " Anna slumped in defeat .
va	11	I omitted the details of Fuchs ' impersonation for the moment ; we 'd come to that after Phillip 's explanation .
va	9	" Du n no yet , " said Jennie , " apparently they 're having trouble identifying the bloke . "
va	9	And again that unknown feeling coursed through him .
va	9	He didn 't even try to hide the innuendo .
va	8	And they wish to impersonate me !
va	9	It 's no concern of yours where he 's gone .
va	8	I heard Emma ask aloud .
va	8	Journey into the Past The boys soon found themselves at the crossroads of the angels .
va	6	Wolf blood , vampire blood , vampire saliva , a cocktail of this , that , the other , anything .
va	10	You going to talk to her ? "
va	6	" Why didn 't his mate just kick the cheater out ? "
va	8	Once in the room , I took out Strauss 's journal and laid it on the coffee table .
va	9	Lilly Ann accepted the precious cargo from Edie May , " Thank you so much , this is wonderful !
va	10	" I didn 't know a limo could do that . "
va	7	The first started a grunt from the big man ; the second knocked the wind out of him .
va	10	" I 'm just not ready to face him yet , " Scott said after they had driven away .
va	11	It seemed to the sisters that they were all moving very purposefully from one place to another .
va	11	She tries imagining she is in her sleeping cove .
va	9	He contemplated the arrival of the new manager and what sort of an impact it would have on his routine .
va	8	If there were time , she would certainly change into something more appropriate .
va	11	But it was enough to give me what I needed .
va	11	Conway hurried downstream to intercept them where the water ran shallower .
va	8	The oven smelt of roasting chicken .
va	9	Then an idea hit him and he forgot about his head .
va	8	" I 've never served in the military , " Richard coughs .
va	8	Do a Filomena 's rheumy eyes flickered , then she cocked her head to one side .
va	10	Probably wouldn 't be able to get a hotel room .
va	6	His expression , however , was guarded , and his body language screamed , " Hands off . "
va	8	" Furthermore , you may have ten silvers as payment .
va	5	" Okay , last question , America , " he said , irritated .
va	9	You are not weak because you are grateful , " the insistent rumbling voice said .
va	7	Would she be all right among the sailors ?
va	11	This strange little digital landscape was fairly sparse to the point of being nearly blank .
va	7	They 'd been on so long now , they seemed almost an organic part of him .
va	6	Cooper , Warren , Sophia , Roslyn , and Xavier all nodded their heads in grim agreement .
va	9	When he walked back into the kitchen , Abby was slumped at the kitchen counter with a cup of coffee .
va	10	She wondered if the entire city had burned down in that time .
va	6	Their power , their raw energy , her theories on their origin , creation and control .
va	8	" Now , get on guard duty , " Dane ordered , fire coming from his green eyes .
va	10	Whisper , following a tracking device placed on Steve 's motorbike , took the Mestre exit .
va	5	The first presentable draft , the first scale model , the prototype , shiny and purring .
va	8	As he reached car thirty-one , the door opened and Link 's eager face came into focus .
va	9	I want you to look at it .
va	8	" I scouted the various halls and took note of all the entrances .
va	8	It was unspeakably wonderful to watch .
va	11	You said that you just started conjuring a few days ago ? "
va	6	Well , one nation hadn 't been weak or petty .
va	8	That 's only an estimate from my very rough calculations of course .
va	10	That 's the best you could come up with ? "
va	9	He tried to peer into the dark hallway .
va	11	" Do you have the guts to follow through , or should I ? "
va	9	And I thought I 'd hid it so well .
va	10	You 've got to believe me , she said to them , with the silent , rough desperation of dreams .
va	6	His pale pink lips were always in a slight smile , exposing lustrous white teeth .
va	8	Panic squeezes in my chest with both hands and lots of leverage .
va	9	She would do what she had to .
va	7	Rafe made a curt gesture for silence and drew her toward the horse .
va	6	" Are these the same sterling silver pieces used to poison Thomas Veal and Claudia ?
va	7	He turned and addressed the man with the bulldog face .
va	9	Elaina tried to sit up , but her head felt like a ripe melon just ready to split .
va	6	Only a few more minutes until the contract signing ceremony .
va	8	" Are you the goddess of war ? "
va	9	His movements grew steadier and more fluid with every inch of the way .
va	9	Her lips tightened into a smile even though she felt uncomfortable among them .
va	8	" Just watch me work my magic , " I said .
va	9	Billy pointed to a clamor of journalists and video cameras hounding the private exit of the stadium .
va	5	His sleazy , silver tongue and my slithering , snake-like body made quite the pair .
va	6	I am , in fact , freeing you .
va	11	You really ... I mean ... " He didn 't know quite how to finish the sentence .
va	11	You recall what the Lodge of God 's Traditions mandate in a situation such as this ? "
va	10	Cold sea water , pouring in from all around him .
va	10	The men would talk , ask for something in return for crossing , and the family would make it through unscathed .
va	9	One thing I can say though , the head was taken off with one single cut .
va	10	She looks up at the floating little girl with madness in her eyes .
va	5	Not that door , not that door ... Bright , blinding light .
va	8	I 'm in no mood for soft landings .
va	9	If you help us find them we will make it worth your while . "
va	7	The metallic chunk was invisible in the darkness .
va	11	" I didn 't know which monastery it was or how to find it .
va	5	Finally , Noel 's grandfather Leslie offered Desmond a suggestion .
va	10	" What could have done something like this , Davis ? "
va	9	Alejo trudged to the center of the roof , where rusty metal chairs circled a wobbly table .
va	10	I straightened , my attention now totally focused on the Head of the Order of Bastian Hunters .
va	7	The stranger pushes through the crowd roughly , ignoring the angry looks and expletives .
va	5	For four more hours the debriefing and brainstorming continued .
va	8	The bond of friendship between the two men was tight , since they shared many journeys together .
va	10	Of course it was possible there could be other casualties .
va	6	" Don 't take this the wrong way , but ... I love you . "
va	9	He put his hand on top of hers , and she curled her cold fingers around his warm thumb .
va	10	The world may be dead he thought , but those satellites up in orbit just keep on trucking .
va	6	What I need is a shower !
va	7	My heart fluttered , but I stayed on task .
va	8	A minute later they 'd swept the leaves aside with their hands and found the cake tin .
va	10	She just stood there staring at the pitiful figures shoving food into their mouths .
va	10	As I think I told you before , I was lying on my bedroom floor .
va	11	The man tensed , the Prince 's manner apparently enough to convince him of his own inferiority in this situation .
va	9	As she gained confidence she developed a rhythm which was contagious .
va	9	I had to get out of there .
va	8	Before I could pick up the candy , the guard stepped up to me .
va	7	I can 't hear the pumpkin wedges through the permanent brain damage !
va	7	Cleared of table and chairs it resembled more of a dancehall than a mess hall .
va	8	" That is for us alone to know .
va	8	" Don 't you dismiss me !
va	6	" But , Lord , " Ira said , " he was your son . "
va	11	He heard the rustle of the thicket and stood motionless until the sound had vanished into the warm morning air .
va	5	And , of course , my mother agreed .
va	8	' Why , look who we have here .
va	7	The agent struck the ground behind the shapeshifter and his hostage , unconscious .
va	10	Occasionally a small fire or twinkling light gave proof that there were still a few people tenaciously clinging to life .
va	9	" I 've got to leave you . "
va	10	He pauses at Ryan 's body , looks around .
va	10	The roof was carved squarely , instead of arched like the others .
va	7	We , of course , were safe under the arc . "
va	7	Lonnie and Ricky stopped near the kitchen windows and gaped at the pies .
va	10	Rafe was surprised by a wish to hold her close in an appreciative bear hug .
va	10	A hungry person shouldn 't be sick at the smell of food .
va	8	Damn ... Vivien ... she 'd forgotten about her .
va	7	Brand hesitantly walked up to the book and began reading .
va	10	When you 're ready to talk .
va	5	" Maybe a pinch , how is the shoulder ? "
va	7	" You look like an anxious curate , " Miriam said in his ear .
va	6	Her phone vibrated gently in her jacket pocket .
va	6	The camp was poor and dirty , but not overly so .
va	9	He started to speed up , but Dave pulled him back .
va	6	" We 're safe , " he said .
va	7	At that moment Hawk , arriving with his new family , stumbled onto his friend Hank .
va	10	I 'd told the others of Fuchs ' story , and none wanted to believe it .
va	8	The Yard 's hay training targets stood abandoned now , a few arrows still sticking out of them .
va	8	Cade finished at last , reaching out to stroke her side .
va	6	She looked at the three other students , completely still in their deep fighting stances .
va	11	It seems to me you have forgotten something of great importance . "
va	7	What happened to you ? "
va	8	Even a short delay might give the enemy time to think .
va	7	" And now he serves you faithfully , is that it ? "
va	11	Mani spat fire and lead , as did Cordelia 's police revolver .
va	9	" What in the hell is a child doing living out here in the forest ? "
va	6	The two of them would have a wonderful existence together , raising their children , and enjoying a healthy sex life .
va	8	" I think I know the code . "
va	11	he looked like he was about to cry .
va	7	" No , she came to Italy with Horace and left me and my father alone at home . "
va	6	He left the tent in silence .
va	7	He was a good businessman , a good fellow overall , though not half as canny as he thought he was .
va	7	In a calm sea , a stern ladder would be lowered and both swimmers could simply climb back in .
va	8	" Armies are useful in wars , " Cade observed .
va	10	The terrible battle , the men that that turned to ashes and her death ?
va	11	" Let 's see if we can learn anything . "
va	11	Thinking of it made Elaina snort -- as if he had any choice !
va	6	" War 's already started , " growled Anderson , " and we nearly missed it .
va	9	" That 's not how I remember it , " Sarah said .
va	7	" That I will grant , " Harald said .
va	9	I 'm sure Ruth would too .
va	11	Her computer beeped , and she saw an email from Patrick sitting at the top of her inbox .
va	6	Malcolm spoke in a husky voice .
va	6	But for all her will , for all her fury , Mary could not fight that many foes .
va	8	" So the stars speak tonight , " he resigned himself to his orders , " we must follow .
va	9	Ironically , it seemed that the instances of suicides increased further away from the cities .
va	6	" That was incredible , " I breathed , " You have that thing under your control ? "
va	7	" No , anyone whom threatens us in general , especially you mother , Rose and Louise . "
va	8	" Wouldn 't be the same without this part , right ? "
va	7	Hai Hai sheathed one saber and yanked the innkeeper up by his greasy long hair .
va	9	" Jennie , would you mind closing the door please . "
va	10	" Um , I think I 've got an eyeball " I said .
va	7	But in the meantime we must be on our guard as before . "
va	6	* * * Just a few blocks away a twelve passenger limousine pulled away from the access road curb .
va	11	' Yeah , I 'm fine , ' I murmured , trying to mask the grimace on my face .
va	8	He looked down at the leather floor of the tent .
va	10	I guess hers is a Church of England school .
va	9	He had pushed off from the bottom of the pool .
va	9	" Did you actually live here in Grasmere ? "
va	7	" Oh , but you can 't leave yet ! "
va	5	" Listen , Callum , I 'm really tired , okay ? "
va	9	She flipped through the gold leaf pages of the book , then frowned at the page and blinked .
va	10	Aries closed the privacy curtains and walked forward to the cockpit to speak to Weasel .
va	9	I am the one directly in charge of this search but neither of your forces have been of any help . "
va	7	" You yawned so much just now that my ears nearly popped .
va	9	The hippies nearest him began tugging at his pants , their thoughts most likely turning to rape .
va	6	" Well , the folk of the city can 't help us just now .
va	8	I stare at his nose -- a long straight bridge , round and pronounced at the tip .
va	9	The guards had positioned the gurney with Jimmy 's body bag next to the water 's edge .
va	8	He dug out his uniform and threw himself into the only job he knew .
va	8	She shakes her head and says , " Warrior , please confirm what I am seeing .
va	8	As we rounded the bend that morning though , two huge trees toppled through the forest .
va	5	Ten For the next few days , Jude felt a little unsteady , adrift .
va	8	" It 's not the end of the world , " said Bryony , not in a sympathetic mood .
va	6	When night came , Dane passed out instructions , " We need food , water , and ammo for our guns .
va	6	Riki and Neil stared at each other in disbelief .
va	5	" The Potato Eaters , by Vincent Van Gogh , " James pronounced his name carefully .
va	7	At some point -- Chris wasn 't exactly sure when -- Sarah had taken his hand in hers .
va	10	Backbone I would like to break and bend to my will .
va	9	My hands were bleeding with blisters from the shovel .
va	9	We just had to kill the Ramos Wolves and we got our tower back . "
va	10	I know what Laura will mean for Carol .
va	9	A group of people walked past the mouth of the alley , drunken voices raised in song .
va	9	Nathan turned back to the little clapboard shack silhouetted in the fading light .
va	11	Upon my return almost two decades later , they realised that I was an immortal , as I did them .
va	7	The figures riding pillion had pulled semi-automatic guns out of their jackets .
va	7	Will you both be here in the morning ? "
va	8	" Well , other than myself , the latest news is that only one other freelance agent is still alive .
va	6	" Witches aren 't real , Tara , " Liz crossed her legs under the massive skirt .
va	10	There 's nothing you guys can do , " said Mac .
va	6	The word meant " truly " in the language of the Guardians .
va	6	" Come on , let 's go and see ! "
va	9	The worst of it was that his sympathies were with the protestors .
va	6	" We 're already outnumbered at least three or four to one , sir . "
va	9	" You weren 't here when they came , so they 'll 've taken him with them . "
va	9	Shards of falling glass are suddenly suspended as if time has stopped .
va	8	Even in May , these great spires refused to shed their white , adorning mantles .
va	8	" Time to go ! "
va	8	I tore furiously at the buttons on my jacket .
va	7	On the second lap , he glanced at the cockpit and then looked directly at Scott .
va	11	It would also be good to just rest and exchange all the information they gathered .
va	8	Slowly , so I wouldn 't make any noise I brought one leg over the windowsill and let it dangle .
va	9	At lunch they had a snack of honey loaves , and a helping of fresh farmers ' cheese .
va	9	" Och man it 's beautiful , " said Robbie .
va	9	For many things are shown to thee above the understanding of men .
va	7	We also need the fuel for emergency and essential vehicles .
va	6	The reunion with the Hancock crew was almost as emotional .
va	6	Of course , in such a big production , with such a huge cast , there would always be hitches .
va	7	If you recall last week , we lost a trooper to a female suicide bomber " .
va	7	Thank you for the assistance , " I mumbled .
va	11	I thought you told me you were dead . "
va	8	Reggie eagerly accepted the offer , but admitted to himself it was unexpected and a little suspicious .
va	6	In sharp contrast , the corpse under the other helmet was relatively intact .
va	7	Monday 25th July 1983 After the weekend Raphael took the recorded demos to work .
va	11	Could he tell that her clothes hadn 't been washed in a fortnight ?
va	11	Let them try to recapture me then !
va	11	Josie laughed as she chewed on a piece of chicken herself .
va	10	' I am pleased to see you in such good spirits . '
va	6	A shiver crept up her spine , and it was all too much too soon .
va	11	I don 't want anything to do with her , " Daniel said .
va	7	His gaze flicked up and locked on the knife .
va	10	Katherine turned as Raphael bumped down the stairs joining her .
va	6	Well , not we , but the people putting the mission together .
va	8	I want to help him ! "
va	8	Link questioned , with raised eyebrows and anticipation in his eyes .
va	9	I thought I had lost everyone .
va	10	" You 're gon na hurt yourself bad ! "
va	9	They are quite hilarious and very creative works of art , you should read the one about your visit . "
va	7	" No , Pierre , you know he will not .
va	8	They took one last rest just two turns from the foot of the mountain .
va	11	I needed to know if they were still alive .
va	9	There is no strength save in God !
va	10	Amber said he needs to rest .
va	8	" Soon you may very well be taking orders from me . "
va	8	Uncle Virgil and Aunt Theodosia , would you mind if I retired now ?
va	11	He slipped the gloves off and finished probing the injuries on the side of his head .
va	6	All appetite gone , Ward turned and left the grand hall .
va	7	Sure enough , a narrow path soon branched off to the east , and her doubt in the old woman diminished .
va	10	" If you want to say something , say it to me . "
va	9	But for now , I really want to help you , however I can .
va	10	" It had to do with the gypsies ' horses . "
va	10	It could be the most important journey he had ever undertaken .
va	7	" Good , come with me to the back room , you 'll find it a bit quieter there . "
va	7	I grabbed his shirt and pulled him close .
va	9	The king of thieves will not find any more sleep this night , the vivid dream still etched onto his eyelids .
va	6	" Your friend is back , Lilly Ann ! "
va	9	She knew things she couldn 't know . "
va	9	He stopped at a solid looking door and keyed a code into an electronic pad to one side of the door .
va	7	The rest of the building had temporary flooring , but all this room had was dirt and grass .
va	9	I think you probably need it , " Ted replied , standing up .
va	8	He told himself he 'd adapted .
va	7	" Then one night , Kurt and I were walking along the grounds .
va	10	Could those be the three dingoes we are looking for ?
va	8	" No I guess I haven 't , " Ted replied .
va	6	In the far corner , a very tall , very muscled man shifted from the shadows .
va	6	Something cold and metal clamped around my wrists .
va	6	" Sorry , I was , um ... in the library doing research . "
va	7	" They will sing no more songs , " he continues , drawing closer .
va	7	The Professor went on , ' And yes , their town is famous locally for their religious festival .
va	6	Despite all the hard obstacles , I felt happy and calm for some unknown reason .
va	10	Nathan spoke to Wendell , the leader and one of the town 's deputy sheriffs .
va	7	Unfortunately , as they entered the open area , their retreat was brought to a sudden stop by three armored Cobras .
va	7	She reached for a towel , dried him , and then placed the covers over him .
va	5	For our part , the situation was once again perplexing and troubling .
va	8	The tray was there but there was something on the tray .
va	8	This house and its gardens and lands were his retreat from his mansion in Cochabamba .
va	9	" We need to move faster , " the taller man said .
va	11	" Thank you for trying to convince me .
va	9	Adele 's voice trailed off , and she gazed at Eda in an open plea for understanding .
va	6	George poured all three large single malts .
va	6	Rick was taken aback , " Why ? "
va	6	" This is fascinating , " the Prince proclaimed .
va	5	Short , simple , poignant , yet cliché .
va	5	Inside the cabinet , on its gently inclining display , rested an old book .
va	8	The demon wasn 't any bigger than he , but it carried him easily , dragging his feet behind .
va	7	Rising from the ground , the resilient robot shock off the stunning strike and redoubled his attack .
va	9	" And they 're worried but it 's hard for them to get out .
va	8	I hated when they screwed up the line .
va	11	Wanting to run away with balls of light .
va	5	" Well , up until that time , Ashley Patterson wasn 't a suspect .
va	5	" Let 's see , " Delilah chuckled and tore open the box .
va	7	Time is growing short and we have a long journey ahead . "
va	8	Parnell kept heading for the press briefing room .
va	7	We should stay here and secure the area .
va	9	" You have to see this Dad , " Alex insisted .
va	11	I would have loved to see them all burning . "
va	7	The sisters followed their normal route from the dining hall through the casino and into the conservatory .
va	8	" I guess sometimes meditation alone is not enough , right ? "
va	5	Alone in this strange world , everything seemed so much more frightening .
va	11	" You have said all that you need for today , she is very tired and so is Eda .
va	7	Unusual for her , he thought .
va	8	At three in the morning the door creaked open and the familiar footsteps of Every entering the room startled Scarborough awake .
va	6	Before that , I was Alexis Santos , now I am a Roberts through and through .
va	10	Don 't you think that this could cause just a few problems ? "
va	9	They sat back and led from the rear as cowards will always do .
va	7	Laurence made a sign to the waiter , and he came with a false smile on his lips .
va	10	Maya pouted , thinking of the tragedy that their lives had become .
va	9	What had to be done .
va	9	As he drank from the bottle , she watched as his arms and chest were getting larger .
va	5	This time he pulled out an axe as well .
va	8	What were once states , counties , and towns and cities were now provinces the size of several counties .
va	11	" I do want to pet them !
va	11	Still , he must have a reason , however obscure and twisted it may be . "
va	9	" Let 's move , before he does it all himself ! "
va	6	And then , all the class , race and gender warfare trash talk just polarized the crap out of the country .
va	9	' For when I go to the toilet , the door lock is broken ' .
va	10	We are aware that many get their problems resolved .
va	7	Meet me at lunch outside , on the sports field , " Daniel said .
va	8	Sam asked , looking down at the text beside the drawing .
va	7	Landon asked , hanging back cautiously .
va	8	She took a loaf of cornbread , broke it in two and gave him half .
va	10	It was my turn to splatter him with paint .
va	11	The result was utterly comical , and the poor man had to wait another moment for the noise to die down .
va	10	Think they 're lords of creation .
va	9	In an impressive display of power , Rift smashes the spot where the hero rested an instant before .
va	10	It tightened to ringlets when wet .
va	5	Of all men he most deserves it .
va	11	" It is a good thing you did not enter with me .
va	5	" Neat and clean , Irish accent , bloody Feline grin . "
va	7	Could smell you coming a mile away .
va	8	The pungent sickly , sweetish scent of chloroform came from the cloth as he clutched it .
va	10	Another man was in the back glancing at the selections on the jukebox .
va	11	He had faced countless simulations , accumulated various strategies and massive combat data that he could reference .
va	9	I apologize for sounding so callous but I have little option .
va	7	" Don 't hate you , " he said , closing his eyes again .
va	11	Suddenly I heard the bubbling sound of boiling water and the hiss of steam spurting from the spout .
va	9	If an edgy establishment gets the reputation of quaint then it makes money and becomes cool .
va	5	" Yes , Rick ; you do . "
va	8	" We will keep her alive , then , " he said .
va	11	Tarleton and Hatley had the job of checking the tarpaulins covering the stores .
va	11	Sebastian wasn 't able to perceive all of them .
va	7	she yelled to the girls across the water and they all splattered over to her .
va	8	He touched the rear thruster button and the two craft gently connected .
va	10	" Me first , " Riki said , who had been eyeing up the rough steps .
va	11	This isn 't my life , my mother driving me to exile with such conviction .
va	9	It was still a long way to go , " he snapped and continued on their way .
va	7	I shifted and studied the dim passage beneath me .
va	7	He ignored Lacroix 's deepening frown and stared at McCabe .
va	9	But I refrain for thinking much farther , and I called Lars .
va	7	To the right was the farm house with its outbuildings and the old box gardens .
va	7	Jimmy and the giant 's body bags were loaded onto a military helicopter .
va	11	Whether he wanted to be or not .
va	11	I really want you to finish Medical School and get settled in your career .
va	7	Neil glanced up and stared in disbelief .
va	10	He 's in Northgate tomorrow and said he could stop by .
va	10	Ted peered through dusty windows and tentatively opened doors to examine the cars ' interiors .
va	10	I could almost feel the chase being roused at the palace .
va	9	The ostentatious display made Brand hate these people all the more .
va	8	We have to find cover .
va	9	At that moment they all were defenseless and could not resist becoming friends .
va	8	Rolling to his feet as quick as a cat , Dane spared a glance for his companion .
va	10	She was twenty-four years old and she knew how to defend herself .
va	9	I 'm not the one who went away ! "
va	10	It 's got to be Amanda , she realized as she ran .
va	7	You make it sound so easy .
va	5	' Papers please ' ' Yes sir ' David presented his passport and visa .
va	8	" Never seen anything like it , " he concluded at last .
va	9	Red blankets and satin sheets are messily shoved to one side of the comfy foam mattress .
va	9	She wasn 't supposed to speak -- her voice was hardly masculine .
va	5	" Was ... Was everywhere you looked , " he added thoughtfully .
va	11	" Do you want me to carry you ? "
va	7	First , he looked lonely and sad and that attracted me to him .
va	6	Not just a slash ... not just ... Carefully , so carefully , she cradled his body .
va	8	She began to undress him .
va	10	Nine men who need to die .
va	11	His stomach rumbled , whether from hunger or disgust , he wasn 't sure .
va	8	It 's going to rain .
va	8	" Then it is settled , " Mal declared decisively and shoved the doors before them open .
va	6	Your mother followed him to the grave months later . '
va	6	" Lucia wasn 't available , unfortunately , " Brand said .
va	7	This will not end here Abby , I can promise you that . "
va	9	" You 've got to calm down .
va	10	But now you mention it , he has been a little slow to pick up on things .
va	7	Whilst you are driving , would you like me to describe the various features ? "
va	8	" See , you 're laughing , " she murmured , looking up at Chase .
va	11	He tossed the spare clothes into a red satchel that lay together on the table .
va	7	Tommy stood at torch number eighteen and looked .
va	7	When they were both ready , the gentlemen set off for the ballroom .
va	10	He asks , each question springing off his tongue the moment it pops into his head .
va	10	I said , " Allan why are you digging so deep into this thing anyway ? "
va	9	Gone into town to explore .
va	8	she asked , lying on the bed .
va	7	" Look for more cavemen , I 'm fascinated by evolution ! "
va	6	Out of it he pulled a small black book and an ornate silver pen .
va	7	In spite of his own desperate situation , Ted couldn 't help grinning .
va	10	That was exactly what Mom had said to me .
va	8	" I 've been here for a few months ; you pick up a lot travelling round . "
va	5	Chapter 4 Andy , Rodney , Paul , and Avril .
va	10	Fred continued trying to elicit information .
va	6	Just the man Rand loved and revered , and always would , no matter what their blood connection .
va	9	A clear portent that another New England winter was on its way .
va	7	Pulling up to his sumptuous townhome , we marveled at the ornate gate blocking the outside world .
va	5	Above the doors , in overly bright , green digital assurance were two numbers .
va	10	The Pass of Roarke forced the Empire to invade through a single fixed point .
va	6	" You should care , " said Harry , " out of my league though . "
va	8	" Stay back , Whitey , " she warned , holding the twig on her hand tightly .
va	7	More aromas arose : hot chocolate , fudge , popcorn , roses , tangerines .
va	8	Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Peter Jackson License Notes : This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
va	8	His face was pale , almost sickly , like he was nervous .
va	7	Abby said , answering her phone .
va	8	He was getting on well with the big man .
va	6	They peered downward through the hazy smoke cloud to the dank and filthy streets below .
va	7	The idiots grinned and chuckled like idiots do around other idiots .
va	9	I haven 't been to Germany before , but that 's not from lack of desire .
va	10	" Billy is the second most evil child I 've ever known , " Santa shook his head .
va	9	Goodness , my specialty is keeping others from being rash .
va	11	I was flying and was supposed to be taking the flying test . "
va	9	Dave 's mom never should have trusted him with Lonnie 's key .
va	9	Brand and Gunnar were given a seat near the marcher lord 's table .
va	7	" I will not touch you in any unfitting way .
va	11	" Thank you sir that is high praise .
va	11	A path outlined by years of young explorers trickled through the front arch .
va	9	He gestured without looking back at the wrecked pods .
va	9	I heard a woman 's voice deliver such phrases to me . "
va	5	" My brain already melted , Ryland , it 's too late . "
va	7	A giggle , " So handsome , so much older , " she sighed at the memory .
va	5	" Yes , " Robert echoed , " very rustic . "
va	9	Chris joked to make me hyper .
va	9	I tried to make my voice low and menacing .
va	10	He added a locally made jacket of the variety commonly worn by the lower class .
va	5	" Franco , Franco , Franco , " a childish yell splintered the intimate spell .
va	8	Federer was in Dreher 's squad and the big man wasn 't taking the loss very well .
va	11	Rupert can help him better than any of us can . "
va	7	" If she does that she 'll bring the whole tunnel down on us ! "
va	5	" And what exactly are you doing ? "
va	6	I let out a breath and closed the umbrella .
va	8	He then seemed to drift off , looking past Josie at something .
va	5	' Amazing stuff , this new technology , ' he said .
va	10	" I suppose the legless oaf comes in too , " the watchman said .
va	7	He stiffened a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
va	8	She laughed sheepishly , probably to cover her embarrassment .
va	11	" You think he plans to tell her ? "
va	11	If it is within his power he shall let no harm befall any member of this company .
va	6	a good number of students look her way , see Wayne , and take note .
va	8	Ten minutes later , Simon and Beppe were again inspecting the remaining sections of the house .
va	11	Who 's to say who they burned ? "
va	10	" You can 't forget that I 'm still in training .
va	11	This was the first real fighting he 'd done in some time .
va	7	There were too many people , the towns were too settled .
va	11	But now , he saw that he was in a small room , lit with only one small lamp .
va	10	It was the first time Mac had even considered it .
va	8	Even if he remained in my soul , I will never forget that child face .
va	11	You hurt Melody and the GPS ends up in the bottom of the bucket .
va	11	From behind his amp he presented a guitar he 'd made from Lego .
va	9	" Oh , Natalie , as ever you want to know everything in advance . "
va	7	As if interpreting her silence , the driver grinned and nodded at the food .
va	6	At least , not as long as they keep the diner open downtown . "
va	11	Babushka is old and coming to end of life . "
va	7	So the British government , in all their wisdom , sent us back home ... . .
va	10	Hey , like I said , you should think about throwing in your lot with me .
va	6	No , I don 't think so . "
va	9	The only words that were spoken that night were in reference to the elk and the fire .
va	8	You most likely saw him five years ago when they visited the Queen .
va	9	Two more were patrolling the perimeter of the little camp and would , in shifts , all night long .
va	7	My fingers closed around something hard and cold .
va	9	" I 'm not letting you go home by yourself !
va	10	We must be watching on the nights the stars move , and then we will understand .
va	11	Mac couldn 't believe she was going to pilot the shuttle anywhere .
va	10	The last thing I needed was to be groped before my morning coffee .
va	6	A fully trained Black Widow wore an hourglass with all the gold dust in the bottom chamber .
va	8	Great money apparently and she gets to travel a lot .
va	7	They nodded , and then together they started the slow trudge down the valley wall into the unknown .
va	11	If I 'm about to fail humanity , then it 's because of something that I 've already screwed up .
va	7	Number 7 in blue slid under Number 11 in yellow , and kicked the ball to Number 21 in blue .
va	8	Start a pile of dirty clothes here , and let 's put the dishes in the corner . "
va	9	An hour later she was certain she had her answer .
va	7	" You stay in any one place too long , and eventually it becomes too much like a prison .
va	8	Neil turned and peered into the pool one last time , but there was nothing in its dark depths .
va	11	I thought I was ready to graduate .
va	6	Pratt 's gaze shifted to the furry bundle on my lap .
va	8	Connor 's mind was swirling with thoughts and emotions about Lena , Maria , and his mother .
va	11	The birth of a child was a welcome excuse to remember and amplify the female spirit in both women and men .
va	6	Might as well save yourself a death blow , " I slammed back at him .
va	6	He was so endearing , and in every other way he was the perfect friend , lover and life mate .
va	10	In our line of work it is hard to accept coincidences on face value .
va	8	Topsy had even had his wish and removed the fence ' his way ' .
va	10	She had imported teak flooring which cost more than the appliances in the kitchen .
va	11	" The moment that we are close enough to send a signal , we will send a distress call .
va	8	Ted moved through the zombies ' world as though he were not even there .
va	11	He looked tired until he noticed Connor walking towards the elevator .
va	8	he asked , going to her side .
va	8	" Who wants to know ? "
va	9	" Alright , in you go , " he commands as if his desire should be obvious .
va	6	" Yea we could do that Rob .
va	7	I lifted the journal from the desk and randomly leafed through the encrypted pages .
va	11	Now hop in we have to get to the next seismic station quickly , I am behind . "
va	11	Kali treaded water , unsure of what to do .
va	10	Frank said , looking at Maggie for her agreement .
va	8	What ... what is this , learned one ?
va	11	There was no bailiff telling everyone to sit down and shut up .
va	7	Boyhood religion lessons came back as Muhammad pieced together the strange phrases and read silently .
va	10	What was it he always said about the Fallen ?
va	6	In my dream I saw her with a star .
va	9	More than anything he wanted to say something , to explain to her his thoughts .
va	5	His heart is a drum .
va	9	Sophia had come across a similar type of girlfriend .
va	7	He was a giant of a man , well past six feet tall , with dark brown skin .
va	9	He took up the weapon , shifting Mirai towards his back .
va	7	For atmospheric flight she has small variable control surfaces on her wings and tail .
va	8	" Thanks - I like it , " Mark said , smiling at his wife .
va	5	Yeah , I remember that .
va	7	If we leave it he will never know for sure . "
va	8	There has been too much sacrifice already .
va	9	All that went through my mind was , " Atticus .
va	9	" So , what kind of ammunition will he use this morning and what will he hold in reserve ? "
va	7	William wrapped his knuckles on 007 's forehead .
va	9	" Since I 'm going into Cochabamba anyway on business . "
va	7	" Why can 't anyone create something fresh and new ? "
va	8	Sofia lowered her knees with a dagger on her hand , thrusting towards an unseen enemy .
va	9	You 're the one that wanted its brain . "
va	9	* George and Jennie were driving over to see Dickie Mason .
va	10	Though her face and twisted spine had vanished in an instant , her memory , her meaning lived in my mind .
va	7	Claire looked up and smiled at the girl eating breakfast by herself in the kitchen .
va	6	He felt his arm , wincing .
va	7	Or maybe put the whole thing on a huge beastie .
va	7	Simon selected a man my own age and build and squared us off along the piste .
va	7	We could be back come late afternoon . "
va	11	Sometimes the animal would look up to see what the braves were .
va	6	Jennings as the source ... ... .
va	6	" Mr. Richmond , General Allen Saunders , United States Air Force and base commander at Nellis .
va	7	I smiled , a thing unobserved by her .
va	8	" Enough , " Jackson whispered , dropping her device into her bag .
va	7	When the old woman was killed , Jules had gone mental .
va	7	So that 's what I done .
va	11	It reads " Hey babe what are you doing later . "
va	8	" They use the Swiss and Canadians against the French , " he growled .
va	10	The electronic warfare squadron hadn 't been heard from since the fight began .
va	7	They all had their hands under their jackets now , gripping their holstered pistols .
va	9	I don 't want to provoke an incident .
va	7	" If you need something , " he said then , " you come to me .
va	5	' And this teenage illness -- he suffered it too ? '
va	7	She paused and stared at us with a defeated expression .
va	9	she whispered before the door pulled to .
va	8	He broke surface , gasping and turned around in the water , listening for the waves .
va	10	Its large wheels made easy work of the rolling landscape and its solid metal frame appeared impenetrable .
va	6	When I smile , my whole mouth , my whole face , smiles once more .
va	5	Are we always 100 percent right ?
va	9	Sofia noticed her and bowed her head slightly as a sign of respect .
va	5	" And he picked his stand-in Wolves from ... ? "
va	7	" You have four minutes , not a second more , " he answered .
va	5	Roberto and I were both undercover . "
va	8	She wasn 't much for hiding .
va	8	There was a cane hanging from his leg .
va	10	Do as you feel you must . "
va	6	The dark purple robbed figure wore a baby doll mask with dark cracks around the eyes .
va	8	She could not let it be this way .
va	9	Wounded Eagle went in the house and spoke in a low voice to find his mother .
va	10	However , the thought of their daughter in the hands of those brutes terrified them .
va	8	Do I make myself clear ? "
va	10	He didn 't like it , but he didn 't know what else to do .
va	10	Victoria needed to explain her feelings more to him .
va	5	Her dry cracking skin , mangy hair , and dirty jumpsuit plagued her night and day .
va	8	I 'm busy with the food , " Tracy said from the kitchen .
va	10	" We must make every effort in the next two days to ensure our presence remains a secret .
va	10	" Those quantum cores still don 't come cheap and they 've been on the market for almost a year now .
va	5	Never the less , you are a loose cannon kid ! "
va	7	I will have them or you will all die ! "
va	11	Michael offered Lena and Connor chairs to sit down in .
va	8	Karen said ripping the jacket from him .
va	10	' I don 't know what you 're talking about , ' he said gruffly .
va	7	I lie down on the bed and tuck my hands beneath the pillow .
va	9	But Chris had turned before the man completed it .
va	9	It would not be long before the eggs were laid .
va	6	" You forget , we are in the Dream Valley .
va	6	The possessive pronoun before the words " room " and " bed " made my heart race against my ribcage .
va	7	In a few days Manuel will be one year old .
va	7	" Let 's go to her , okay ?
va	8	He tried to hide a muffled snicker .
va	6	Sixty Meter Observatory Mauna Kea , Hawaii January 3rd , 2026 Four degrees below freezing .
va	11	Bethan sounded thoughtful , and Claire wondered if she was thinking of her own journey .
va	7	" A three year old could open this , you know that ? "
va	6	" But after we entered the rainforest ... " He shook his head .
va	9	" I didn 't think it was important . "
va	10	I knew what I had to do .
va	6	I nodded and picked up my backpack and briefcase I had just thrown down .
va	9	And then it was as if he 'd read my mind .
va	7	As quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
va	9	he shouted , frantically searching for the armor 's release catches .
va	11	I figured Ellen would be safe with her Grams .
va	9	" This thing frustrates me the most , what happened actually ?
va	6	" When we were attacked by the black creatures after the crossing .
va	7	Matthew 's torch was in his hand then , and he waved it at the conflagration .
va	9	Has to do with the sound .
va	5	By last reports , the gold reserve was still intact .
va	9	They held the ferns in front of their faces as camouflage as they peered out at the passing cars .
va	10	Better not to speculate what cargoes .
va	9	I went to the dance with Miranda , a girl from Osiris House .
va	5	But of course , even then , I was worried .
va	10	The sooner we wrap up these trials and executions , the better .
va	8	He leaped over the mat and looked back as the door closed .
va	6	" Ah , Harrison , it be me , Tobias Gage from the Grand Booty . "
va	8	" They 'll be better off with us , " said Jim .
va	8	" We can 't just let him murder Alfred , " said Victoria .
va	11	Their people still exist , but have nothing to show of their great former empire .
va	10	It had begun to ache in earnest .
va	5	" No , I haven 't , and hopefully never will .
va	6	" Okay , have it your way , " I say with a sideways grin .
va	10	They said there was only a dozen or so left they knew of .
va	5	" She died , " he says softly .
va	7	I fed her pellets every morning and then mixed salad and chopped carrots at night .
va	11	They were both strong , agile and were well on the way to being men .
va	6	Mr. Clancy dutifully hoisted his pack and started off , the others quickly following .
va	10	You later complained that love was not given to you .
va	8	I heard a crash as he hit the concrete floor .
va	10	He will have to react to that .
va	8	I smashed the tart smack dab in the middle of his face .
va	9	I just want to get the story out of Ahmad first .
va	7	His flushed face was close to mine .
va	8	He wanted her to see it .
va	10	It seems my troops are the only ones actually hunting him .
va	8	She jumped as if burned , and the Prince looked wide-eyed from one to the other .
va	9	" Oh , yeah , there 's this , " David said , widening the neck of the sack .
va	7	He sees the inferno and feels the welcome heat on his face , shouting , " Yeah ! "
va	10	Their fingers were bloody and they were gasping for every breath of air .
va	9	" And there were also fuel discrepancies at our old base for years after you were gone .
va	7	She tugged on my arm and dragged me toward the elevator .
va	7	What the purpose would be , I do not know .
va	8	Of course , the cloaked men had been seeking us at our lodgings .
va	10	' Who 's going to believe us ? '
va	9	A quick glance at Jacob Hatcher 's pulverized face only served to reinforce Ted 's cowardice .
va	11	The door opened slowly revealing a short woman dressed in slacks and a tartan top .
va	9	Rick 's girls were all afraid of the dark , but the native girl thought the quarter moon provided adequate illumination .
va	8	" His body will keep us warm , " Mariposa said .
va	11	It had been ages since I had last worn anything so lavish .
va	7	The lapel man had a short conversation into his microphone again and the two men then disappeared from view .
va	9	Snow Job could hear Frostbite 's voice calling to him in his ear bud , but he was unable to reply .
va	7	" Because it did not matter , " responded Lord Brogan .
va	6	In Saint Tropez the bicycle hire man hadn 't been a problem .
va	6	Without a second 's hesitation Missy took off after Kevin .
va	9	Giddy up , he thought , opening his eyes and looking at them .
va	5	Fear , blind , senseless fear , grabbed the Prince .
va	7	I let out my breath in a big whoosh and untangle myself from the blankets .
va	9	When she fails to answer , he knows he has succeeded .
va	10	" So , if it 's not a hoax , what do we do about it ? "
va	11	and tried to kick the guard coming toward him .
va	5	" Gabe , get back . "
va	6	A good day , so they headed back to the village .
va	11	" We don 't even know if the police have anything yet , " said Kimberly .
va	9	' But there 's something I don 't understand . '
va	9	He climbs a narrow metal staircase to the captain 's nest where transparent bulkheads reveal the space before them .
va	10	He just couldn 't resist turning the knife a little , so to speak .
va	9	" That 's good to hear Mark .
va	10	He walked as steadily as he could to the gate and let himself out .
va	10	Bob turned the aircraft around , checked all gauges , completed his final procedures , and they were off .
va	9	" I 'm afraid this ain 't exactly a social call fellas . "
va	10	she exclaimed , and poured them each a glass turning her back on the king .
va	10	One of us will have to get in bed with you . '
va	7	Nonetheless , we walked the length of the passenger cars to no avail .
va	11	" I intend to find this witch ... kill her , take the idol , and give it to King Sven .
va	10	' Do you have an engineer with you ? '
va	9	Whatever , considering that for this driver The Dublin city replace London , then I was Chinese .
va	8	" I had a dream about you , Alejo .
va	7	" The secrets I was looking for , " she hissed and placed her paw on my legs .
va	9	Remember that the human body is about sixty percent water .
va	7	" Were you expecting good news ? "
va	5	Chapter Five On the sixth day , we feed and water the animals .
va	9	" What am I going to tell Sky ?
va	8	" We 're going in strong and fast and we 'll need every gun ! "
va	9	She fought to come away from the trance .
va	6	" Me neither , " the army guy grunts , " but sometimes it 's the only option .
va	11	Two were dead before the others realized what was happening .
va	7	They have logging in Ireland ?
va	10	" It 's not sailing , Jen , like before but it 's highly civilized .
va	6	The smell of peppermint washed over me .
va	11	I think it is time we did . "
va	8	He grabbed a torch from the wall and started down the passageway , looking for Black Scorpion .
va	8	The close up photos on the ground , were taken by myself .
va	7	Even if things go well , there will likely be blood .
va	9	Friend or foe , I couldn 't tell in the maelstrom of shadows .
va	7	At her house in Montana .
va	9	He felt this heat in his chest slowly rising towards his head .
va	6	A terrible creature , the most potent of the Walkers , a powerful knight among their ruling entities .
va	6	With their blessings , Eva and Jacob departed at dawn .
va	8	I 'll be there in about ... " he checked his watch , " fifteen minutes . "
va	9	Fear that the European had once again found him .
va	11	He looked the others in the eyes and added , " We now have a legacy to fulfill .
va	8	When we got to the other side , we ran far out into the forest .
va	11	There was blood everywhere , the mare was lying tangled up in a cluster of razor wire .
va	9	Do you have news ? "
va	10	And since we 've all been affected by it , that would seem to be right . "
va	6	I converted them to guest rooms . "
va	7	A glance at the rear view mirror showed the SUV thirty feet behind and closing .
va	8	The Prince fell silent , and in spite of his resolve he felt his breath catch in his chest .
va	7	Moments later , through the crowd , Chris saw the bright red sheen of an old fire engine .
va	8	Again he doesn 't speak until I prod .
va	5	Nathan , Xavier , Daisy , Shannon , Elizabeth and Camilla follow closely behind .
va	11	" It looks like it was built by the Romans or the Greeks . "
va	7	" Within an hour of the attack , " the Admiral replied .
va	7	" Won 't they be watching the bank ?
va	8	It took us eight minutes to disable it .
va	8	" Excuse me , Papi , but Neil has something to say . "
va	11	" Thanks Ma , " Taylor answered , " roger that , only one nut job flying at this hour .
va	6	Pressing a couple keys , the speaker on the other end picked up midway through the first ring .
va	7	To his credit , he was getting better at it .
va	9	I 'll take the GPS in exchange for your girlfriend , " Joe replied .
va	5	Even more surprising , I really , really liked it here .
va	11	That was easier said than done .
va	9	" I 've been doing a bit of spying myself .
va	8	Her father devoured the fermented cow tongues , one after another .
va	10	But it turned out those were the only shoes large enough for Mark .
va	6	" Yes , he liked your performance so much and he needs you again . "
va	8	Adele blinked slowly two or three times , her gaze never wavering from his face .
va	6	That being , of course , me drinking from her wrist , usually from the same old scar .
va	10	The next hour passed at a snail 's pace while we watched a large machine hum quietly .
va	11	Maya gazes at her restraints , which begin to glow .
va	8	They are sleek and covered in fur the color of almonds .
va	8	Logan jerked awake , his face twitching in excitement .
va	8	I told him to shadow you ! "
va	10	And it 's not going to wreck his career or his body . "
va	9	Din shrieks , suddenly appearing before her chosen and reaching out helplessly .
va	7	You know , like a police officer 's wife feels ; all concerned and worried .
va	9	There are several reasons why this town is famous .
va	5	But then again , deep down Ben 's existence bothered me .
va	5	But such a thing only God can do . "
va	7	" You just think about that , " he said .
va	7	" Can I have some water and food , please ? "
va	11	" That 's what she told me when she took the Tome .
va	10	But we 're leaving in five minutes if we can 't find anything . "
va	5	Midnight blue , with dark gray and black swirls throughout .
va	7	Amanda pulled the memory card from her pocket and handed it across .
va	8	" Sure , it 's what our bodies know , " she replied without hesitation .
va	9	" I 'll not be knowing anything about any caretakers , " she said .
va	9	Neela had sacrificed everything but life itself .
va	5	" You have an overactive imagination , Bryony . "
va	11	This gentleman was a farmer that sold his farm somewhere East , and bought an apartment in town .
va	6	" And then the 21st Century hit and the American middle class got hammered .
va	8	" I know some things about this wood , " Hilda answered him .
va	9	Liza Barnett was one of her oldest friends , going back all the way to her college days at Stanford .
va	8	Bright spots around Blade 's ruptured abdomen and tail indicate an impending reactor explosion .
va	5	" It 's community theater , right ?
va	9	' Ok mate , ' Amy said without taking her eyes off the TV .
va	8	Clancy rose from his chair and walked across the room toward a small cupboard high above the cutting board .
va	8	The comment , completely unplanned on the Prince 's part , silenced her .
va	7	Brand hesitated and saw it all .
va	6	" We implement our destruction plan , tomorrow night , as soon as possible .
va	8	That includes the new systems between the new house and the barns .
va	11	I want to keep in touch with you while you 're gone . "
va	11	It would have to be planted under the skin .
va	8	Both men were silent for a moment , and when Rand next spoke his voice held an unmistakable warning .
va	6	One of the girls immediately grasped his hand , moved it gently aside , and took a grape .
va	5	Maybe in an hour or so . "
va	6	Rick received another file and quickly loaded it .
va	6	On this day , every available seat of the coliseum is occupied .
va	8	' They 're taking him to Linz , ' Victor continued , ignoring the interruption .
va	8	" I don 't get the guns ... at the show ... I get ... the contacts . "
va	6	" Keep up the great work , folks ! "
va	8	We 'll talk about it then , " he said .
va	11	" It will happen in time , when the sea releases us .
va	5	Two days , or rather , a day and a night and the following day .
va	9	I was still an advisor for the First Council at the time . '
va	6	This failed event , however , led Harry to his second idea .
va	6	They passed numerous stables , several warehouses , various inns , diverse shops , and multiple garrisons .
va	9	Services had become even more crowded since the bridge went out .
va	11	There were three things he wanted to see .
va	8	You know this to be true . "
va	10	' After what he witnessed in Vienna , he 'll be begging us for a piece of the action . '
va	7	These samplings are brought to you by Big Pine Lodge Books .
va	7	" Some advice , good sir : Do exactly as my friend says .
va	9	Unfortunately , the Audi certainly held the same type of attraction to Highway Patrol vehicles as it did to young girls .
va	6	The last decedents of the Great Reaver were Mother and her older brother Gareth . "
va	7	" Over there , " he pointed again and asked , " Don 't you see ? "
va	5	" Jansen , isn 't it ? "
va	9	" Stop acting the maggot , " Finn snarled , ratcheting the rope tighter around the younger man 's wrist .
va	6	" You pay for the drinks .
va	8	" This is Deidre from the Bullseye ... employment ... .
va	7	" Sean , " a voice called from behind him .
va	10	It 's time to say goodbye to Ryan .
va	9	At one point though , after seeing another of the countless rooms , Logan stopped , transfixed by a painting .
va	6	Creeping anxiety , self-loathing , weariness , soon bored their way back into his mind and body .
va	9	Anything else I should know about ? "
va	8	If you trip up over any bad guys ... . .
va	11	She kept trying to shake him out of the mind control .
va	8	I didn 't care about the rules or the danger .
va	8	An hour or so later , the ascent stopped and the ground became more level , if uneven .
va	11	Who knew my friend was also a bit of a sadist ?
va	8	With his hand covered in blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
va	7	Barney was always careful what he said .
va	9	However , he had never felt the least wish to commit any folly .
va	9	I rang Mum when you woke up .
va	8	" You will stop where you are ! "
va	7	" Belly 's full of blood .
va	7	She spoke to Miriam , ignoring Mana .
va	9	Whoever it used to be , right then it just looked like a plate of bloody meat walking on two legs .
va	8	" You sure you 're all right ? "
va	6	In the picture he was tall and handsome , eyes bright and hopeful , an easy grin on his face .
va	6	" No , " Link immediately grunts , continuing forward .
va	5	For some strange reason , neither the boys nor the baby had yet awakened .
va	8	Her incoherent ramblings , possibly in Latin , gave way to heated protest as the two ended up face-to-face .
va	11	I don 't understand what 's going on , " said Jace .
va	6	" Ah , now , none of that , " he said not unkindly .
va	8	" Because he doesn 't have it , " His gaze rested on me .
va	8	She pictured the first building in her mind and began to cast .
va	8	And who is that legless man in the saddle ? "
va	6	My last thread of restraint dissolved and tears fell in hot streams down my face .
va	11	She looks around at the familiar sight yet everything looks like a miniature scale model .
va	7	she said in a frail voice , her tone hesitant .
va	7	Taking a moment she said , ' You 're too good for them . '
va	6	I jumped over the trench this morning with Roger , Paul , Rob , Tim and Johnnie by my side .
va	8	" Nice place , do you live here alone ? "
va	5	' Not really , ' I said drily .
va	8	" Come , Finan , what is it ? "
va	6	Their fierce power and strength in combat were truly worthy of their legend .
va	8	You dare to disrespect the king ! "
va	9	Trust me , madam , if I could get out this situation then I would .
va	8	Then she added , " Don 't do anything to Noah 's parents .
va	7	" Do you miss me ? "
va	9	And soon the boys could make out the fantastic buildings constructed in the most wondrous shapes and forms .
va	7	' If there 's anything we can do - ' Duke let out a long sigh .
va	10	He had to stop kissing her .
va	11	she asked , moving to sit beside him .
va	6	Not a mean bone in his body .
va	10	It sounds like we 're talking about dogs . "
va	8	I turned to him and ripped off the duct tape covering his mouth .
va	9	The further he goes the darker , the colder , the damper it gets .
va	11	I thought it were quaint at first , course .
va	7	' You just don 't like cats , do you ? '
va	10	" Where do you get off , speaking like that , Robert ?
va	7	I am one and I am all ... " Fool !
va	11	Three or four revolutions of the starter were enough to spark the ignition in the mighty motor .
va	10	I knew she had to die .
va	8	The door opened and three guards entered with swords already half drawn .
va	7	Several yards in , we were engulfed in darkness .
va	6	A few grains of dirt and rocks splashed into the pool with a hiss .
va	9	" It 's a bit hot isn 't it ? "
va	9	" My mother worked there previously , NET had investors there , and you appear to be natives . "
va	10	I wonder if I could fly home from Christchurch .
va	10	And your mother was given confirmation that she hadn 't been mistaken .
va	8	She 's keeping a close eye on him and digging around for information . "
va	9	" This is where the four fickle gods of the road have led us .
va	9	Claire swallowed the lump in her throat and wondered if she was due .
va	9	He put it up to 5 ' 2 " , then changed his mind and selected two more inches of height .
va	5	" Really interesting stuff ... " " Not yet , " Emma says .
va	7	Finn said , his eyes directed back to the working men again .
va	7	I blinked back the tears blurring my vision .
va	9	Soon their conversation deepened and Danny felt annoyed when the phone interrupted them .
va	11	Every shop built by tired hands , obliterated in a senseless act of aggression .
va	8	He jerked upright at a foreign sound filling the room .
va	9	He couldn 't believe he was still alive .
va	6	These men , these savages , will not humiliate me !
va	8	Jimmy cried pointing towards the seal .
va	8	He was special among the Searchers , his dedication to his cause and his gentleness gave this creature a special place .
va	7	But even given these obstacles , the Empire should have conquered long ago .
va	9	I hauled all kinds of stuff home in it . "
va	9	" A single Trojan could destroy Trans Central and most of the surrounding area . "
va	8	Maybe this was part of an older Sleaford but I wouldn 't know .
va	10	Thomas was the only one to survive the Atlantic crossing .
va	6	Where to , Ms. Ramsay , or should I say , Sarah ? "
va	6	Kristina and Julia embraced the others and Alexandra , Laura , and Sophia mounted their ponies .
va	5	His lips grazed down my chin and neck and back up .
va	7	Glancing over the dune , he looked down at the conflagration below .
va	9	Aware of the rising beat of my heart , I walked swiftly along the aisles , looking for 129 .
va	9	Kneeling in front of the large safe she worked the combination and swung the heavy door open .
va	5	" Good , " Pickett went on .
va	8	Abby was getting off from a taxi , being testy .
va	11	Course , it was also possible some kind of pine tree cult had sprung up on the island .
va	9	Cobb knew most of the two dozen or so people gathered around .
va	8	" We are now on the western side of the valley .
va	9	Surely , they were the bravest folk he had ever known .
va	7	Bobby Ackerman , the dark figure , stopped quickly , too quickly , and Shavers ran into him .
va	6	As he climbed , the dust left marks on his clothes .
va	11	Rylan watched him as he led the way off the hill , slinking in the shadows .
va	9	They 're leaving the one poor bastard just lying there in the road . "
va	11	My apologies , " I clipped off as I shook the hands of the second and the doctor .
va	6	" There was an old guy , came in with another guy a few minutes ago .
va	5	The creature , angry and slobbering , turned and followed .
va	11	Would you like to know when my next book is available ?
va	8	He said , " Stand by Surreal . "
va	5	" Well , come see your surprise ! "
va	8	" Let 's go there , " she said , pointing a table right in the back .
va	10	I think we 've got a dead one here " said George .
va	6	In fact , it was the only US Air Force Base without a runway .
va	7	Jonesy told them about his plan and worked out thrust equations for several hours after that .
va	11	All eyes turned to her save Cade 's , who flinched .
va	8	The latter disappeared into the frame and penetrated beyond and into the rock itself .
va	10	But knowing that Sarah had shot them and killed one ?
va	11	He had to admit he was uneasy .
va	6	" Oh , but they 're not childish , " I say , " and you know it .
va	8	Upon hearing her enter , though , Destro raised himself up on an elbow .
va	7	With its engines still running the pilot jumped out of the aircraft and sprinted towards the Security Office .
va	8	After making himself some sandwiches , he walked down to the shore and ate his breakfast on the beach .
va	6	' Money 's not an issue , ' I said briskly .
va	5	An older brother , perhaps , or an uncle or cousin ? "
va	7	Louder , demanding noise from the crowd pulled him out of his thoughts .
va	5	" This is his best ? "
va	10	" And did he ever survey the land for us ? "
va	9	They were travelling downward into a valley that he knew well .
va	8	Reggie put the phone to his ear and after several rings , heard the ringing stop and the line go active .
va	9	He gestured uphill , indicating the wall of the Cascade Range to the west .
va	5	" I love it . "
va	6	Thunder , finally lucid , or at least partly so , appeared beside her .
va	7	What a delight the day has been .
va	7	" I was thinking the same thing , " Mark admitted .
va	8	Using the metal lid from an empty ration jam can and his pocketknife , he fashioned a workable barbed head .
va	10	She turned back to him and offered a hand to help him to his feet .
va	5	And , ' Oh no , this hollandaise sauce isn 't runny and disgusting .
va	10	" You 're going to pay for that kid ! "
va	9	But by the time it raced up her back , she nearly choked , sucking in a horrified gasp .
va	8	If I confirm angel , the pins turn white , and we load up the car and go . "
va	6	' In a strictly organic sense , ' said Dil , his voice slightly muffled .
va	5	" Oh yes , they 're still around .
va	11	Must have been something -- they do hate asking your opinion . "
va	7	' The other cases must have held the virus . '
va	8	Yours is three , maybe four years old .
va	10	How delightful to see you ! "
va	6	She rested her head against his shoulder .
va	6	" In a half time " she answered me with a smile .
va	8	" But I can hear the train whistle from there -- " Mana looked up sharply and put down her sewing .
va	8	Where things were green and water flowed in rivers .
va	7	Kelly nodded , his face now under rigid control -- the sparring was over .
va	7	The kid had guts and I hated him , so naturally we became good friends .
va	8	" So -- does that make him the servant of two masters ? "
va	7	' I can smell you , half-breed !
va	9	He trotted his horse away from her to catch up to John .
va	10	It was so quiet , just like the attic when no one was there .
va	6	Once on the street , he hailed a taxi , and to his exasperation , the man also ducked inside .
va	7	He could see her hands , her hair , her face , her movements , and her mimic .
va	5	The French fashion doll , the trunk , the inventory list , and all the pictures were gone .
va	7	It 's a man -- I know it . "
va	8	I got behind the Cherokee 's wheel and flashed my lights in reply .
va	8	I swallow , nod , ignore the tugs of energy all around us from the other motel patrons .
va	8	There were some things that even time couldn 't erase .
va	10	He sat next to her on the sofa and his voice washed around her like a warm wave .
va	8	A sharp groan issued from the man and his legs buckled .
va	6	Time to suck it up .
va	7	They lived in a small apartment with two bedrooms , a living room , a bathroom , and a kitchen .
va	10	Across the room , through iron bars , he could see that Hilda had finished hers .
va	6	But that was a false safety , suitable only for little boys .
va	7	Sky looked across with fear in her eyes and Claire 's stomach lurched .
va	6	It has been far too long . "
va	8	" Thank you , though I understand his meaning clear enough .
va	6	She will be mine . "
va	8	Marie stopped in front of us .
va	6	The red energy engulfed him , seared away his armor , and melted his skin .
va	9	Bad thoughts were just not allowed to take root , although your grandmother and aunt were complex personalities . "
va	7	" Lars ... what are you doing ? "
va	8	When her husband ( s ) returned from their successful trip , she asked them for a belated birthday present .
va	10	I stopped to try to think .
va	5	The architect , the engineer , the marketing man or the restaurateur ? "
va	9	I 'll have his leg off well before he ever wakes up . "
va	5	" Even after their Revolution , the French are still divided .
va	10	She looked up and saw David sitting on the bed , staring in her direction , a gun in his hand .
va	6	Just then his name , Jack Hanson , nice and clear , repeated two times over the intercom .
va	10	" They 're locked up because that stuff is still deadly , " he said .
va	11	" Are you sure we 'll succeed in such a crowd ? "
va	8	got it from her mother for sure He sat there , nursing his drink , looking at the photos .
va	7	A resigned look dawned on my partner 's face .
va	10	He had one day left with which to search .
va	10	Although he was a little early he found Paddy in the snug wrapped around a Guinness .
va	6	Before their departure Natalie and Sophia went back to their cabin for one last time .
va	7	When awake her eyes drew all attention , mesmerising with their luminous wonder .
va	9	Feeling her own heartbeat racing , she felt satiated , her body trembling under his embrace .
va	5	Just in case something came up . "
va	11	asked Simon holding up what looked like a portable sewing kit .
va	7	" There 's your boat , your motor , and your petrol , " he announced triumphantly .
va	10	Lucas tried hailing him a few more times before giving up .
va	6	A second later , a smoke grenade clattered onto the wooden boards .
va	9	" It states here $ 200,000 per year for two years .
va	7	* * * * * Adam hit the floor for the umpteenth time and coughed up blood .
va	7	They reached the hills within a half turn and raced through a deep trough .
va	7	They were actually in the van and fully prepared before anyone else .
va	7	He snatched the mirror off the wall and hurried back out into the yard .
va	10	It was not too difficult to find the thugs involved .
va	7	" If you weren 't such a coward , you could have backed me up . "
va	10	And the jealousy of others ; that made him almost uncontrollable sometimes .
va	9	When my arms gave out , I took a break and tried to calm my mind .
va	8	Something was there , but Echo couldn 't quite latch on to it .
va	11	I got scared and wasn 't able to move for a second .
va	10	A shorter one followed the first long scream , not quite as pain filled but even more surprised at the sensation .
va	5	" They won 't -- no , they won 't . "
va	8	He collapsed onto the sofa , reflecting on recent events .
va	9	I could get a hotel room with breakfast for that !
va	7	Scarborough received no punishment that day , but the dream now haunted her in her deepest nightmares .
va	6	The familiar voice came from a petite , dark-haired girl standing behind them .
va	9	" I 'll cut him down , whatever Hell he may abide in !
va	5	Time and time again , we hit a dead end .
va	10	That way , we 'll be right here to help you ... " General Tani trailed off into maniacal laughter .
va	7	They walked to Rand 's camp in silence .
va	9	the Prince said angrily , " you have any feeling back yet ? "
va	5	" No , not really , " said Toby .
va	6	Nelly , the maid , and George looked at each other .
va	11	My supporters allowed me to take control of the coup , but they wouldn 't let me kill him .
va	9	The stones are on the other side of it , " Ricky was certain .
va	11	The house itself was larger than what they needed , just him , his wife Gema and daughter Wendy .
va	7	Barrels of dried meats and other dry goods lined one wall .
va	10	Tucker must have guessed what had happened .
va	11	It is one of the luxuries I allow myself .
va	8	Show me what this thing can do . "
va	11	she asked , squinting in the dim light at Jenny 's naked backside .
va	5	Courtney Cole 4 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Harmonia . "
va	8	she clarified , sitting up -- carefully , as always .
va	8	He began to walk around the stage .
va	7	He just glared at them with mild contempt and then pulled his paper back up and continued reading .
va	6	" We are still going , " she said .
va	9	It wasn 't something a kid much less a poor one would ever have .
va	7	' You mean , he 's one of you ? '
va	11	The Admiral nodded and laid them out on the desk as Parnell put his glasses on .
va	9	He knows the eyes of vengeance well , but hatred isn 't the only thing familiar about them .
va	10	Jonas was screaming ironically while looking at Sebastian .
va	5	Map reading 21 , 61 , 42 North , 90 , 01 , 52 West .
va	8	The men and young boys looked more frightened than aggressive .
va	8	In that time the group we left behind had similar fates .
va	5	Still , more often than not , he would win . "
va	11	If the metal is found to be valuable , it will be stored .
va	7	I was looking at Lars terrified .
va	6	To his surprise , Lorna grunted in agreement with him .
va	7	A figure stands just out of my view .
va	9	Royal blood soaked into my trousers as we knelt before the wounded king .
va	9	" How many are there , besides the fake captain and his second-in-command ? "
va	5	" How hard can it be ? "
va	11	However , it was not until he was 150 meters from them that he recognised him .
va	10	For most of the early miles they stayed to the grassy areas of the fold often walking three abreast .
va	5	" Yes , " said a very groggy Raymond .
va	9	It seemed strangely unnatural when they moved at different times .
va	10	The journey seemed long , he could feel blood flowing from his wound and soaking his tunic .
va	8	" This is your fault you know !
va	6	He smiled a warm and cocky grin .
va	9	The Inuit looked around him , equally as astounded as Tarleton had been .
va	7	We may as well get a movie on the way home . "
va	11	Isn 't that what you always say to me ? "
va	6	" I 'm sorry , " Sarah said .
va	7	" I 'll get the shovel , " he said .
va	7	" There probably is in the control room , but none of us are in there .
va	8	" The contract is not yet complete , since you are still breathing .
va	9	She propped up the solar panel on the roof of her van and the notebook came to life .
va	10	Finding nothing , the women remain vigilant , scowling past the rubble of the dark doorway .
va	7	" It might not be that hard , " said Frank .
va	6	Yesterday 's bombings of the Kenyan and Tanzanian embassies were its first major crisis .
va	10	He turned to see who it was .
va	9	" Honestly , I don 't think she was ever here .
va	8	A square column silently rose out of the floor and stopped at nearly chest height .
va	6	How could he defend himself ?
va	10	It took a moment for Claire to realise the implication of her words .
va	6	" I have no name , " the Prince repeated wryly .
va	6	" As promised , " Benjamin 's mouth tipped up in a dry smile .
va	7	As she reached the ground , it was over .
va	10	I watched as Preston tried to dismount .
va	7	But his trip this season may have been unwise .
va	10	A man will stand on each side of you , and you try to walk , like this . "
va	7	" We can go to my office .
va	8	As his taxi melted back into the snarled traffic , he surveyed his surroundings .
va	9	" You 'll die , and you 'll eat your insults when the monsters come !
va	7	If he dies , I must kill myself by honorary law .
va	8	They lost their hold on my brother and myself , and we were her guards and her Watchers .
va	11	Moonlight shone on the edge of his sword as he raised it high above his head .
va	5	" Can I give you some water ? "
va	7	" Your ride is here , so let 's get sorted .
va	11	" Does that means it is a yes ? "
va	11	I bet that 's lower than playground accident rates and much safer than gymnastics ! "
va	5	But out here , for this moment , it was calm and peaceful .
va	8	Blood still pooled from the wound in his back .
va	6	I 'm sor -- " " You didn 't know .
va	11	That thought left his head as he heard other shouts from beyond the barricade and then another shot from Joshua .
va	9	How he had the energy for it she couldn 't fathom .
va	8	Aries called as he pulled off his helmet .
va	9	Like that was going happen .
va	9	" How do you know to ask all those things ? "
va	5	" Oh , well , uh , congratulations , mister ... ? "
va	11	You 'll love them it 's a great gig for them . '
va	11	He hadn 't been allowed to play goalie yet in a close game .
va	7	" He 's a nice guy anyway , kind of a pushover .
va	6	" That was the original plan , " he admitted , " but at the last minute I changed my mind .
va	8	The climbing and stumbling had driven the arrow deeper and broken the shaft completely .
va	8	' It doesn 't get any better than that , ' Taylor said to himself .
va	7	Her breathing evened , in and out , as steady and peaceful as the rolling tides .
va	6	In fact , it was rather warm , and quite comfortable .
va	10	Mai shouts as the snarling plant lunges to Rift 's left .
va	10	She could use her crystal scepter to melt the ice and save everyone . "
va	11	Do you have no - ? "
va	10	Sky ran along the boardwalk through the pine trees and stopped as if she 'd hit glass .
va	11	" If you decide to stay awhile , in the morning I could give you a tour .
va	8	The Prince dove behind a tree and the raw energy shot past him , leaving his muscles limp and jerky .
va	8	" I hope you do , " Hilda said .
va	11	I could have sworn the whole room , even the walls , gasped , and the angel in the painting smirked .
va	6	My interest in you is waning .
va	6	He urged my head down , and traced his fingers up and down my spine .
va	6	Quickly , David set up next to the young soldier .
va	8	That would have generated a report and an investigation .
va	7	Turning to Sarah , Chris whispered , " Any time now . "
va	7	" But why , " Tessie persisted , " Why should any of us exist ? "
va	7	" Cheer up , Finan , it may never happen ! "
va	8	The phone went click in his ear and Ryan looked forward , staring into space glumly .
va	7	I watched as the screen flickered .
va	5	About the war , you mean ? "
va	6	Unfortunately , the thing is ... this star has magical qualities .
va	11	I can 't believe it , lightning for crying out loud !
va	5	And with that , Red Herring tore off his own Nixon mask .
va	5	At that moment , a harsh , humorless chuckle filled the compartment .
va	9	Do you need something ? "
va	7	He stopped walking and turned to me with a killing look .
va	6	Then louder screams , shrill and horrified screams , roared from the hallway outside the classroom .
va	8	In such close quarters not one of them would have come out of a battle without some injury .
va	7	His long knife with its cruel serrated edge was in his pale hand and he whirled and stabbed at her side .
va	7	The warrior gurgled , dropped his axe , clutched at his throat and crumpled into a silent pile .
va	8	I will open the hatch to the station and the inside air should clear this old stuff out . "
va	8	" Prop her in one corner , stirring a pot or some such thing , and no one will notice her .
va	5	Baggy and sagging jeans , over-sized T-shirts , gold necklaces , and tats ruled the night .
va	8	AND YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO GIVE ME ONE ! "
va	7	" On the advice of legal counsel , " Mrs. Long jumped in , " we cannot answer any questions . "
va	6	Yes , the heart of the city -- as with all the great cities -- was dead and gone .
va	8	Death Mountain explodes high above them , more and more lava pouring down the mountainside and illuminating the dark night .
va	5	" A local game , I guess , " Matthew replied .
va	9	Look at me ; you 're a hundred times more emotional than I am ! "
va	8	There were people and vehicles going in every direction .
va	7	Some of them did it for the money or the notoriety .
va	8	And since when do I take orders from you , Fado ? "
va	8	Throughout the next day , the winds howled but by late afternoon , it began to subside .
va	5	" We 're , like , almost there . "
va	10	" I turned the house over to my daughter-in-law when I was selected for the cryogenic project .
va	8	she raged , tears just under the surface .
va	10	When John trotted up beside her she realized she had been holding her breath .
va	8	' We were looking for him , but we never found any traces of his whereabouts . '
va	6	" Come along , Miriam , " Mana said .
va	11	If anything went wrong , he was certain he could escape into the darkness .
va	9	Everything was just how I remembered it , yet it didn 't feel the same .
va	7	A door to the right was cracked open .
va	9	They kept together as best they could , though it was difficult .
va	7	" Targets are on the thirteenth floor , " A male voice added .
va	11	At that moment Michael and Ben appeared and offered to post Ivan 's letter for him .
va	7	" I see , " Alex nodded , " All the good artifacts come out of ASS don 't they ? "
va	9	Women will never fit , or even be accepted into that field . "
va	9	Once the flight levelled at 48000 feet , an air hostess served them refreshments and a selection of nibbles .
va	6	" Thank you , " she nodded , " That makes a little more sense .
va	8	Laughing a little , obviously enjoying the moment , he went on .
va	6	" Better get in here quick , " she told the familiar form before her .
va	10	He could hear the gunfire on the opposite side of the door and tried to think quickly .
va	8	The rest of the court and council would be waiting for him at the cathedral .
va	7	" So you didn 't die , I suppose , " Taylor joked .
va	11	Sarah 's head ached fiercely and it seemed that Dan 's limp was becoming more and more pronounced .
va	11	David came back and slid under the table with Daisy lying down beside him , " What 'd I miss ? "
va	9	As the last of the breath left his lungs he began to pull the trigger slowly and steadily .
va	6	At his clothes , the melted boat wreck , his one boot .
va	5	Not a psycho or kidnapper , just a kid like me .
va	7	" Are you alright ? "
va	11	Leo knew he had to consult his texts .
va	9	The lights came back on in a weak flickering sort of way that indicated generator backup power was now in use .
va	10	said Logan slapping the table for emphasis .
va	11	She approached the bed slowly but he was awake , sitting up in bed , with a book in his hands .
va	9	Boulders began dotting the nearby fields , and the farmland turned to wild forests of dark trees .
va	9	He reached inside the silk robe he was wearing and handed Connor a letter .
va	8	Her voice faded to a whisper as she asked , " Why ? "
va	5	" That 's a long time . "
va	10	He saw Arthur Cobb being interviewed by a TV reporter he recognized .
va	9	While Ruth was responding to treatment it seemed like tempting fate to discuss the future .
va	9	Abby sighed , even she realized that regret voice and smiled .
va	9	Come out of the dungeon at once , " the young voice ordered .
va	6	Her fingers slowly traced the small red mark at my elbow .
va	8	" What 's going on here ?
va	7	In a flash his arm caught me in the chin and sent me back a distance .
va	9	Except to go with me .
va	9	Ever since I 'd moved to France with my dad , I 'd wanted normal .
va	10	He only went home to get some of his clothes and CDs .
va	6	Hai Hai jumped back , but it was too late .
va	7	They are delicious , that 's why I ask . "
va	5	In fact , I never see him at all normally .
va	11	" Here 's what you 're going to do .
va	9	They entered Colorado and headed southwest for Denver , and the mountains .
va	6	" Shut your mouth , Kenna , " Harald said .
va	7	He would take the blood and tissue samples and she would attempt an ultra sound .
va	6	A knob , a lever , a crevice , a button , but she felt only cold stone .
va	11	Miriam glanced at Simon triumphantly , as if she had just scored a point against him .
va	10	She held the young woman 's hand , giving back the dagger that she took away .
va	6	Almost as big as a softball , oblong .
va	11	I 'm always busy making something , tinkering with something , inventing something ... making more secrets and mysteries . "
va	10	He 'll give us up to keep Bay 's support . "
va	9	On the middle cubes , we only need five walls ; the sixth is already in place from the last cube .
va	6	" Sure , " Selena said , " but Gary would probably be your best bet . "
va	8	" He might be chasing wild pigeons now , " Tristan replied with a smile .
va	10	It was all he could come up with .
va	8	" Joe has a knack for opening locked doors , " Lilith replied .
va	8	As they drove through the streets , Claire peered out the window and felt a quickening in her tummy .
va	11	It was only on the rare occasions that people surprised a bear that there were problems .
va	7	On that first day , most of the boys just ignored him , but one of the boys teased him .
va	10	I don 't think I can stay here one more minute .
va	11	While I thought he might be dead , he played jokes !
va	8	Maggie snapped her book shut and pushed off the bed .
va	11	Adele remained completely still , looking up at him with the dazed expression of someone very tired .
va	8	The sound of a car starting a few streets over drew Chris from his meandering thoughts .
va	9	Victoria hugged Toby , and he relaxed , letting her squeeze him .
va	10	Tears were streaming down his face , " Thank you so much , " he whispered .
va	10	A few of them did and if they exploded and flew out of the fire everyone would laugh .
va	6	After a moment , he lowers his fist , and they continue on .
va	8	" Fire control , if we change our angle , can we get more Vulcans working ? "
va	11	He said the base commander wanted to see her .
va	10	Bender raised an eyebrow in surprise , taking a moment to respond .
va	9	I was blocked by a woman in a Slovakian registered Skoda Octavia .
va	9	" Your people were more than happy to make the deal Mr Gorn . "
va	6	" That 's not good , " he admitted .
va	10	What do you guys want to do about this ? "
va	8	The howling of wolves at the distant forest reminds her of the unnerving dream .
va	7	It was only a short two blocks away but I couldn 't get there fast enough .
va	6	She melted into the love seat .
va	6	" Power is definitely out , " he called to them .
va	7	He threw the car keys across to me .
va	9	The strain of carrying them and making a path was too much for my own weak body .
va	10	An aura of red engulfs the man as his already intimidating stature begins to grow .
va	7	-- Publishers Weekly " " An arresting , sumptuous and thoroughly satisfying debut . "
va	9	He wishes to say more but doesn 't dare .
va	7	Claire thought about Ruth bringing Sky up alone ; the bond they must share .
va	10	Your action may help us prevent some innocent lives being lost .
va	11	He needs the mask , if only long enough to save the realm from the careless whims of the Gods .
va	9	These words meant little to me , but my grandfather held them close to his heart .
va	6	" Come on , we 're wasting time . "
va	5	" Oh , thank you . "
va	7	We stood in a long atrium , a welcoming space with doors all about .
va	10	There must be a way of raising some cash .
va	10	Fire Cub added , " Remember what Wolf Eyes taught us last year .
va	7	" I think this 3X Tall looks about right , " she said .
va	6	Assuming you 're not too brave , nice , nice , nice , or nice . )
va	8	" Someone will know where she lives .
va	8	I 'm defending him , and there 's no reason for it .
va	8	He obviously knew the necessity of it , but the long hours of nothingness wore at him .
va	5	" Yes , yes , they did , " chanted the congregation .
va	11	If the power of the Door is so strong you fear it , I will have it .
va	6	" Well , it 's my business , " Jen spits it out like a threat .
va	6	" Hey Toby , stop , " called the larger one in the lead .
va	7	Streams nervously rushed with worry as nature itself placed its hope and faith in three unlikely figures .
va	9	He shut the door and locked it -- like that 'd stop me .
va	10	Mai screams , watching the helpless boy plummet to certain death .
va	9	Rubbing his hands together gleefully , he paused to check the airsoft pistol in his belt .
va	8	" You 're right , it is ... erm ... but you made it sound so simple . "
va	8	Just peanut butter and jelly , " he said , adding , " No rat hairs that I know about . "
va	5	" Why , the Inquisitors found another band just this afternoon .
va	10	Part of me feels it 's anything but a dead end . "
va	8	Careful curiosity filled them as he watched her .
va	7	" Well , if you like I can point you to some local growers .
va	10	Even as she sensed the seeds of doubt forming , she pushed them aside .
va	8	He appeared to lack complete control over his short-term memory .
va	5	Minutes later , amid muffled swearing , tools were downed , noisily .
va	5	" We have Cameron , Claudia , Gavin , Zinnia , Craig and Landis . "
va	7	Missy rode into the corral and dismounted .
va	8	Chase tried to speak but she put her fingers over her lips and said .
va	10	she added , reaching for her pencil as the point grew sharper .
va	8	" Thanks , Abby , " Rick said sarcastically instead of answering her .
va	7	Lea 's corner watched in shock , felt a cold sweat on them , and had their eyes wide open .
va	9	I think I even got a few gasps myself .
va	9	" This is what we did to the old earth .
va	6	Tall and slim , she wore severely tailored , dark blue trousers , a loose jacket , and heeled boots .
va	9	Frowning sharply , Alejo opened his mouth just as they dropped their burden to the dewy grass .
va	11	When they got inside , they had no idea which button to push .
va	9	And the roof of the museum had transformed itself into something resembling a UFO and flown away .
va	7	After they had each selected one Mr. Anderson spoke , " Everyone , write down the remaining eight questions .
va	9	He set that thought aside and sat down himself .
va	10	" Hey , " she complained , " I thought you were helping me stretch . "
va	8	' I know where he is , ' Anna murmured breathlessly .
va	5	In many places , the gilding was reserved and majestic .
va	9	As if activated by his sight , the wound began to throb with a sickening intensity .
va	6	Looking up , they both stopped in their tracks .
va	11	He was glad to be rid of the sect .
va	10	But that 's not good enough and so far every letter says they don 't .
va	6	And it 'll be too late . "
va	9	We never learned who set that up or why .
va	11	" The assassin your government sent to kill President Phillips said he worked for a man called Gabriel .
va	10	" We gave your people the tools and knowledge , but it was your own ingenuity that created your civilisation .
va	9	" We need to get going .
va	7	Didn 't you hear what I said ? "
va	11	He turned back and saw that Megan was right behind him .
va	8	As he walked closer to the hover car , wet foam on the ground confirmed his suspicions .
va	11	The one thing I really wanted I knew I could never have .
va	11	It was not true and Roberto assured her he still loved her , all of her .
va	10	I wondered then if more people was the answer to an overpopulated world .
va	11	A deeply embedded arrow wobbles back and forth as she runs , firmly establishing its place within her thigh .
va	8	He hit the edge of the pallet square in the middle of his back , knocking the wind out of him .
va	8	Simon could see the sadness in Beppe 's eyes .
va	8	Though nobody could understand the ancient language , it was clear that the enemy officer was viciously angry .
va	7	In this story , a mother offers her son to Napoleon 's armies with disastrous consequences .
va	7	All of them looked at him , surprised by the outburst .
va	8	She wondered , snuggling closer to his broad chest .
va	10	Chapter 33 We make it to Redmond , Washington in the morning , though you would hardly know it .
va	7	I opened the brown package and spread the contents on the table .
va	6	A second later , the creature rose from the water and leapt into the sky .
va	11	A military helicopter gunship had to come in to drive him away .
va	10	Roberto balled his fist and tried to stand up but Pierre stopped him and shook his head .
va	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
va	11	Was there enough of a building standing to keep them safe from the elements ?
va	11	Frustrated and disappointed about having to wait , he picked up the glass and dropped the coin back in .
va	10	Did he mention to ye why that be ? "
va	8	A line of people stretched twenty feet or so with each person pushing a wheeled laundry basket .
va	6	The land 's orchard of olive trees grew wild and took over the landscape .
va	9	Who knew all this beauty was here ?
va	8	You were probably kidnapped too , weren 't you ?
va	7	My sister shot one arm high above her head and pointed her other hand to the right .
va	10	A computerized female voice blared above the sirens , " Illegal object detected in transport eleven , traveler terminated !
va	6	" This man is Olmec , " she said .
va	7	Why do we trust him with our sister ? "
va	6	Without a word Nate apprehensively pushed the gun across the floor with his foot .
va	11	He saw the blonde who was dressed in black pajamas stop near a window .
va	7	She grabbed her books and headed for class with them .
va	9	The billowing sails were made of sheets of green sod .
va	9	" Did you know him well , sir ? "
va	7	He untied the ropes binding Andy 's wrists and pulled the sack from his head .
va	11	There are things I cannot be involved in .
va	7	Carefully , he climbed up on the wall and crouched next to the bucket .
va	9	All three hung their heads in silence staring blankly into the ground .
va	5	" The whole town going ... well , a little berserk . "
va	7	Plus , they 're mostly young bucks like yourself .
va	11	His gentle blue eyes were filled with what looked like worry .
va	8	As the silence lengthened , the Prince once more felt tension creeping into his shoulders and chest .
va	8	Cade cut her off , standing as well , " Don 't be absurd !
va	8	I grabbed my backpack , hiding the tears , and ran from the room .
va	6	Had I just come down here for a sleep , and dreamt absolutely everything ?
va	8	" I can 't leave you like this , " she said aloud .
va	7	Everyone knows about the Changing ; grey eyes draw attention . "
va	10	Both stations were thousands of miles apart and no excited radio communications were heard from anybody in space .
va	9	The sun was hot on Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle , but they did not want to move .
va	7	5 March 16 , 1624 The past month Cisco was met with many challenges from the villagers .
va	6	Time you got over that cunt .
va	7	He then slowly got out of his chair and walked around the desk to the doors behind Roshan .
va	10	Everyone used to know the legend of the three golden Goddesses .
va	10	His mother was standing by the door , a look of concern on her face .
va	6	Without sunlight , their crops would not grow , and their animals could not graze . "
va	11	Now what were you going to say ? "
va	9	What makes you say that ?
va	9	" We have three , I 'll not be needing more than one , really .
va	5	" This ' Hollywood ' car is a 1970 Plymouth ' Cuda convertible .
va	11	The wedding breakfast will be served here extending out on to the deck . '
va	8	The path was sometimes bumpy and Missy kept a firm grasp with one hand or the other all the time .
va	8	When she looked up at the lodge she saw a face in one of the windows looking down at her .
va	7	Then , placing a hand on his shoulder , she gave him one last searching look and said .
va	10	But then , his food didn 't require any more preparation then tearing it out of someone 's chest .
va	7	She shifted her weight , the shoes beneath her moved , and she lost her balance .
va	10	" If you 're looking for gold , we don 't have any , " Gunnar said .
va	7	Alex loved swimming and was good at it .
va	8	We 'll walk up the rest of the way . "
va	5	" Hi , sister , " Pedro said sheepishly .
va	8	In my mind , this is the best car ' issued ' to date . "
va	5	" It 's a good choice .
va	8	Those small , merry creatures , " the young woman uttered , ordering drinks for the new comers .
va	10	She said beginning to be hysterical .
va	9	So what do we do now ? "
va	7	Turning up the heat , he rolled the fish in some flour and dropped them in the pan .
va	10	" What say you roast us a pig , Smitty ?
va	8	It was only three blocks away and no busy streets to cross .
va	8	That he protected the weary and the lost against the evils of darkness and shadow .
va	7	" And you 're both still jealously fighting for his attention ! "
va	10	" I 'm going to have a baby out here .
va	11	He entered a code on a small keypad set into the statue 's base and the concealed document safe swung open .
va	8	I listed all of the roles here , for the movie , " Tori said .
va	8	I would be lying to myself . "
va	9	According to Sam , they 're still almost half-and-half between ' free market ' and ' command economy ' .
va	10	" I 'm pleased to make your acquaintance , David .
va	6	I 'm sorry , but I don 't -- It 's Bentley , the voice said .
va	7	I have watched you for a while now .
va	7	His spirit had found a higher place ; he was at one with the earth .
va	9	" Oh boy , " Scott said under his breath as he recognized the man behind the wheel .
va	9	" Yes please , I want to go home and see Mummy .
va	7	" How old are you , anyway ? "
va	6	Obviously pleased by her agreement , he smiled , then spent a long moment watching her .
va	10	He knew what was to come .
va	9	They 're being picked up as we speak . "
va	11	It 's not going to create a new economy for this town . "
va	6	" Maybe the patrols missed them , " I said for the tenth time .
va	11	They used to say to give people hope .
va	5	' However long the night , the dawn will break . ' "
va	7	Stopping in his tracks , Mark fell silent for a moment , looking perplexed .
va	6	The nature of that retribution is entirely up to you .
va	6	In the center , there was a large inn and a few small shops .
va	8	At the top , her father hugged her , kissed her , and whispered , " Goodnight . "
va	7	He said , " Don 't know sir . "
va	7	" You poor thing , " Zelda conveys , genuinely empathetic for the boy .
va	8	Embarrassed , he let it fall free .
va	11	A dark figure was bent over Mana , holding a shuttered lantern that cast long shadows around the hut .
va	8	Electricity sparked from shattered lights and broken wires , hissing like angry snakes .
va	7	" Am I just an assignment to you ? "
va	5	Good plan too , I think . "
va	7	She hisses with pain and tightens her hold .
va	8	I reached the edge of the chapel 's wall .
va	5	' Tomorrow at the earliest , ' Roman replied .
va	8	There was no light , nor any movement that he could detect .
va	8	We 're coming in now ... ... . .
va	9	After a few more moments , he could clearly see that was not the case .
va	10	Confronted with total darkness Andy had to grope his way along by feel alone .
va	10	I should send a letter to my teacher with many thanks because she sent me in Greece .
va	6	At last Adam pulled into the lot in his marlin blue Santa Fe , trailering a small wooden rowboat behind .
va	7	The rice was boiling , and Rick tossed the broccoli in the other pan .
va	8	Nathan felt the presence of his family off to his left and slung the shotgun over his shoulder .
va	11	His look of surprise changed to relief tinted with a hint of suspicion .
va	9	It was shattered to pieces in a second .
va	11	Kayla , of course , used this time to get to him , I thought .
va	6	A TV camera team and the Interim Government representatives will accompany me .
va	6	Rafe shivered and pulled the cloak tight .
va	6	" Yeah , " I said against the grain .
va	8	We need to find a new car . '
va	9	I slapped her again , harder , leaving palm prints on her cheeks .
va	10	Frank stopped with the power adapter in his right hand and thought for a moment while his eyes drifted to Tim .
va	6	" Catfish , if anybody interferes , you give them both barrels . "
va	6	I straightened my back and stood firm .
va	11	The only bit of interesting data had been a book published by Jack Carson in 1989 .
va	5	In the Largo , your father 's mind might crack . "
va	8	" I know all about your family , " he said .
va	8	Rafe saw the appeal in Adele 's voice smote Eda , and watched the other woman 's rigid disapproval dissolve .
va	11	Thomas ' mother had died in an accident while Liam was a prisoner in Afghanistan .
va	6	The receptionist smiled tightly , nodded , and made a discreet phone call .
va	10	Katherine sat resting against Loretta watching Tom Cruise on the screen but thinking of Calvin .
va	11	When his eyes were used to the darkness around him , he saw two figures struggling on the port side .
va	11	He stood up and nodded as though a weight had been lifted off his chest .
va	10	One thing became very obvious , it promised to be a very long night for the whole town .
va	10	" We can return to Earth 's orbit with approximately twenty tons divided among the three rear cargo bays .
va	11	That idiot Raymond must have told you , " said Zinger .
va	8	" My master asked that you might come quickly , my lord . "
va	5	Inside , his handwriting , flowing and elegant , the letters not quite closed .
va	7	Most of that investment interest was made between 2006 and 2007 .
va	5	" I 'm not evil , at least not yet .
va	8	" Jack , " he said , his voice laced with contempt .
va	8	After this long in the warm weather , even the healers ' preservation magic was starting to weaken .
va	9	" That 's right , " she snapped , facing the other guys and then meeting Noah 's eyes .
va	9	He needed to get to some water .
va	5	Was it the actual building crying , or was it someone inside ?
va	7	Those things are live with -- some sort of electrical current ! "
va	10	The building around them seemed to shake for a minute , and then settled .
va	6	The explosions directed the cargo slowly out of the open doors .
va	10	Zoe smiled and kept her head lifted as long as she could .
va	10	Her black hair floats about her head as if she is immersed in water .
va	10	Grandma and Grandpa Gustafson allowed them to bring their pet dog , Noodle , along .
va	9	" Is there a cache of supplies nearby we could go to ? "
va	9	" We should have seen him coming , but there were no unusual deaths , no angel activity .
va	11	The security guards on duty there will be disabled .
va	7	Sarah motioned him to turn .
va	7	Now she feels the bite of the poison .
va	7	Once clear , the iris closes , sealing the great cavernous docking bay .
va	6	My fingers dug into the support beam .
va	10	" Take her home , " he said to the boy , " and wait for me .
va	7	Christy got above him on the ramp and jumped onto his back .
va	8	In an instant he was in a forest full of light , life and love .
va	11	Scores of cables crawled along the concrete floor , connecting the extensive collection of hardware that dwarfed the basement .
va	7	He asks , praying Mai can lead him directly to it .
va	9	She 'd sat with him as he filed his request .
va	6	" He 's only forty meters ahead , " the co-pilot says nervously .
va	8	I know you hear me , devil !
va	11	Alex snorted , but said nothing , merely turning to gaze out the window again .
va	6	Across the veil a formless demand , tears swelling , pressed time upon her soul .
va	7	Gabriel stepped forward , brushed her curly strawberry hair out of her eyes , and placed his thumb on her forehead .
va	7	Fortunately , there was no wound , they fought pretty evenly , and neither one caused serious damage to the other .
va	11	He almost cheered when she shoved herself away from the wall and leapt to him .
va	7	Your solution to this problem is brilliant and you solved it in 15 seconds .
va	8	He raised his hands out to his sides in a non-threatening manner .
va	11	If we failed to stop Fuchs ' man , our lives and the country we rode through would be forfeit .
va	10	And how will I know I 've found the right person ? "
va	10	" Don 't worry , I 'm not trying to turn you , " the big man rumbled , smiling .
va	8	As I was telling these guys it 's a long story .
va	6	" Come on , let 's go inside , " Cady said .
va	11	Did Sebastian know what was going on between her and Julian ?
va	5	" Hello , " said a maddeningly calm voice .
va	6	After a few minutes more , I heard the phone click into the cradle .
va	6	They all wore similar green fatigues as well as pistol belts and black ball caps .
va	10	Pickett raised his eyebrows and turned to a now leaking from most every orifice Seth .
va	8	After a moment of hesitation , everyone stood up and moved off , heading in different directions .
va	6	Elves , humans , and fae folk all fought against the darkness from the ground .
va	8	She had easy almond eyes , greenish , eyebrows plucked .
va	9	A month had passed since the death of Tomas Godard .
va	10	" I 'm afraid I don 't understand , " Dresden replies with a cocked eyebrow .
va	7	Across the street from the motel , a row of buildings sat dark .
va	9	" What does it say , why is it so important ? "
va	11	The deck has a strange hum that is not present anywhere else in the ship .
va	11	Sylvia watched him get up to order the food .
va	7	" And he was all burnt up , " Jimmy added .
va	8	Right before I hit the ground , guess what -- I woke up .
va	9	A massive tombstone , visible through the large gate , stands as testament to the defenders of the royal family .
va	9	Claire had little idea what to expect .
va	8	I know I was very callous . "
va	8	I wrapped my hands around the warmth of the cup .
va	10	There 's no way I can beat him .
va	9	He explained glumly , hands on knees while he fought for air .
va	9	It 's bigger than a lunch box , with a handle jutting out from the top .
va	10	Sure she was home trying to break down my door , very nosy about my room .
va	9	Karen 's hand slapped the table so hard tears came to her eyes .
va	8	She sat for a few minutes , gazing into the fire thinking .
va	6	She picked up her car keys , hesitated , and then put them down again .
va	6	Also , once Muhammad died , the preservation of the scripture soon became a conscious concern among his companions and successors .
va	10	It 's never been shut for more than a day or two .
va	11	He heard the squeal of dusty brakes then heard a thud before another rifle shot rang out .
va	9	" I know you 're in there Essa ! "
va	7	The men implicated in the disturbance subsequently fled the scene in separate vehicles .
va	6	' No , you go and enjoy yourselves , I 'll meet Loretta soon enough .
va	11	It would be the President who would make the final decision .
va	11	I am here to help you lah " " Thank you inspector .
va	6	Despite the dark weather and the increasing heat , Neil felt incredibly cheerful .
va	8	She had a local burr to her voice and seemed very at ease with herself .
va	10	I do want to help .
va	9	Claire looked over her shoulder as Cherie 's strident voice echoed around the room .
va	9	" Yes love , I was wondering when we will dock ? "
va	9	The man is wild among the women , usually , taking what he wants .
va	10	With a cry of pain , the man fell to his knees , blood blossoming on his robes .
va	8	" That was very unkind of me but ... but I just could not help myself . "
va	8	A lump pushed up into Claire 's throat and she swallowed hard against it .
va	7	He then drew the giant 's sword from its scabbard and cut his head off .
va	10	they still had heads hanging in the rafters of their home .
va	8	" HS2 , please stay here and keep an eye on Toby , " Victoria said .
va	6	Jennie was surprised , Gema suddenly seemed defensive almost combative .
va	9	Connor tuned and saw Maria dancing with a very tall and slender man with graying blonde hair .
va	5	The long painted fingernails , the hammered silver earrings , the slinky shawl .
va	8	" You have been very quiet on this matter , Mr. President .
va	5	" The tracks split here . "
va	8	You know it 's true .
va	11	He took another step and was suddenly breathing in her face , midnight black eyes meeting emerald green .
va	7	I mean ... she is a funny girl , beautiful , special .
va	9	To watch out for my guardians and that man ? "
va	7	" General , this is most unexpected , thank you . "
va	9	He snickered to himself at how aptly Crystal Street was named .
va	10	" So when do you think you 'll be back here yourself ? "
va	5	" Wrong answer , " the old man bellowed out loud .
va	8	There were nearly a hundred parked vehicles and probably that same amount of large tents .
va	9	The little horse was burned down with the rest of their house .
va	9	I stifled the picture of his grotesque , hanging body and moved towards the food .
va	7	" I am from the south , " she said .
va	10	" Let fate decide what happens tomorrow . "
va	8	Amanda could feel the heat from the inferno from her current position , about 300 feet away .
va	7	" I 'm proud of you , Savvy . "
va	10	You 're willing to accept me for me .
va	8	" Looks like this underground station suffered a wreckage of an earthquake , " suggested Bradley .
va	11	JK , " Gary acquiesced raising his arms in surrender then resting his head on the table .
va	9	At a second gesture , she lurched into motion , oblivious to the surprised reactions of her parents .
va	8	Then the video was cut , and the only thing visible was an advertisement from YouTube .
va	6	" Yes , that about sums it up , " Hawk opined astutely .
va	10	I don 't remember Burghley being this far out of town .
va	5	" Well , hello , boys . "
va	8	Moments after he came to a stop , his radio squawked .
va	7	To all those I missed , thank you too .
va	5	" You know , " he went on .
va	9	Electronics had all lost their seductive charm the day the power went out .
va	9	The enemy knew they were coming , so there was no advantage to rushing .
va	11	This was something new , of which she had not thought of before .
va	11	Are you going to be ok ? "
va	6	" And these are my parents , Joseph and Adele Klein . "
va	9	Her fingers were cold from the night air , but even so she knew that he was much too hot .
va	6	I pulled the trigger , the blade roared and the being shrieked .
va	9	Grace had said he was older .
va	6	The light in his blue eyes was just as intense , but somewhat less luminous in this form .
va	6	" Ooh , sounds naughty , " the blonde replied .
va	11	At least she 'd be able to start shopping at her old grocers again .
va	7	Twelve mugs usually doesn 't do shit for me ! "
va	7	But it does not bother me at the least .
va	7	' You were there when my parents died ? '
va	8	" I will be reading a prepared statement from President Reginald Philips .
va	9	The two of us mounted the front , sitting together on the driver 's seat .
va	8	The man looked up at the moon , and closed his eyes , breathing in deeply .
va	8	When the sun set over the mountain they rushed from opposite edges of the fence .
va	9	I think if you weren 't there , though , I 'd be dead . "
va	11	I 've run away , to join the circus , as they say .
va	6	Alejo 's mouth pressed together in a firm line .
va	6	She cleared her throat , put down the empty mug and stood up .
va	5	" Really , and how fast are we going ? "
va	9	I have to get going .
va	9	I had hoped that something would show .
va	8	I said , " Flesh and blood girl you have my solemn promise . "
va	8	After looking under every rock and tree , my adrenaline crashed .
va	7	" You flatter me with formality my dear , " the woman laughs , pulled from her trance with little reservation .
va	8	The lawn in front of the mansion was crawling with immortals .
va	6	Nodding , Seven said , " I 'll see you then . "
va	11	She said that it 'd be fun for them .
va	10	All familiarity was gone and they treated her like in the beginning .
va	9	Conway fiddled with his collar , nervous under the pressure of the group 's anxious attention .
va	5	" No , my lord , " he finally said .
va	9	" That 's one of the many things that I love about you .
va	11	It was the largest hawk they could have imagined and it was heading south .
va	8	She was trying for nonchalance , but a blush spread across her cheeks anyway .
va	8	I present to you the former leader of the Bastian Hunters , Tomas Godard . '
va	7	Once outside under the glorious sky , Ethan nearly burst , " you know something of drakes then ? "
va	10	He took only enough time to yell up to Fredericks , " Hide ! "
va	6	He lowered me to the stony ground .
va	9	I could feel tension spreading through the group .
va	7	' What do you have in mind ? '
va	7	Scorching him with an impatient look , she pushed past him in the hall .
va	5	In the dimming light , he pulled out his flashlight .
va	10	" You were probably too busy trying to fish or swim in it , " Neil said .
va	6	They screeched loudly , their cries carrying and one behind the other wheeled crazily down the hall .
va	6	" You 're a specimen all right , " Simon shot back .
va	5	Woodpecker 's Bad Habit Woodpecker had a terrible habit .
va	6	On her left , the cedar forest gave way to a long hillside green with tough , late-season grass .
va	9	Navi warns , having only just noticed the ambush herself .
va	11	Her father was near and guiding them , but she felt so alone , and longed to confide in William .
va	11	He had a deep need to be punished for his wrongdoing .
va	10	How could I not have remembered ... ? "
va	9	She often stated this to her wisest of cohorts , the voices in her head .
va	11	" Let me know when you 're ready . "
va	9	Our apartment together is terrifying , because it doesn 't scare me at all .
va	6	A dead body , a frozen priestess , and a sobbing old woman flung them further into bickering chaos .
va	7	We were coming up to a roundabout .
va	11	she yelled angrily , " How dare you say that , look around you !
va	5	With big hair , big bosoms , big assets ... and a very tiny brain .
va	5	" A blue t-shirt and gray cargo shorts , " Maddy supplied quickly .
va	5	" Yes , my love , really .
va	8	" If you come willingly , we 'll be leaving in two days .
va	6	Chuck went beet red , opened his mouth and closed it again , glanced around , and opened his mouth again .
va	7	" Yes , it 's actually old technology now , " said Ron .
va	7	Gerry , now lying on his stomach covered his comrades with his sniper rifle .
va	6	Shortly before midnight , the doorbell rang the last time for this day .
va	6	I couldn 't hold on much longer .
va	7	Lie him down on the floor and get the poor chap a pillow for his head . "
va	8	When Chris glanced up at him , he went on .
va	7	So I pressed the bell again , longer this time ; letting the tune ring through the house .
va	8	Make up a response telling them we will meet all their demands tomorrow morning .
va	6	I might even be drooling .
va	10	" Um , how do I turn it on ? "
va	7	They 're nothing fancy but perfectly serviceable " said Astrid , holding up the clothes .
va	10	Panicked at what they must have seen .
va	6	It 's not just a sword ; it 's the sword !
va	11	I asked , finally working past the shock of the newcomer 's appearance .
va	7	Less than a mile farther , she found it .
va	8	Besides , my father always reminds me that I 'm the second son .
va	7	The others would simply wait for me in the hut .
va	7	" I 'll send a letter to the newspapers directly . "
va	8	And guess what , no one knew anything !
va	9	" You know maybe these aren 't a bad idea , " said Gary examining the bear horn .
va	10	It 's just , you know , you kind of freaked me out right then . "
va	9	I keep my eyes away from the rabbit , away from the boys too .
va	8	All four had become close over the last few years .
va	8	He felt a growing responsibility to the people he had left behind .
va	8	The music had started and the pub was in full flow , he put his head down by Flaherty 's ear .
va	7	All eyes were glued to the images .
va	9	Even though she and David had saved themselves , she felt she owed a large debt to the big Irishman .
va	10	To him , it sounded like the man was shouting : " The twee !
va	7	The man at my table called out , " that told you , mate . "
va	8	And Stalin and I have been friends for ten years . "
va	11	He became aware of the pretty nurse laughing with an older nurse whilst glancing in his direction .
va	10	It took only slight adjustments to the trim tabs for Taylor to stabilize the bird in a controlled climb .
va	5	But last night , my mother and I watched some old home movies .
va	6	" You are not yourself , Your Majesty , " Doyle said softly in his deep voice .
va	11	The trip was going to be just under 32 hours long .
va	7	His right-hand knife punctured deep into the giant 's chest , spearing his heart .
va	10	Surprise turned to alarm when Reid lifted the Glock and pointed it brusquely at his face .
va	7	" Do I look worried ? "
va	6	Hey , at least this time I wouldn 't be the only one suffering .
va	5	" On the contrary , all creatures have a mother . "
va	10	The first sip was astringent , with a hint of bitter aftertaste , but remarkably refreshing .
va	11	She flicked them both on to make sure they worked .
va	8	The crater wall is pulling us toward it ... 100 percent power ... Wow !
va	6	It was a very long time ago . "
va	8	I put my hand up like a child at school .
va	6	A large Coast Guard channel marker was ahead of them to port .
va	7	" One of the children is playing it I 'm sure .
va	6	" Keep reading , " his friend chuckled , " it gets better . "
va	8	Sofia widened her eyes and finally convinced that it was just a mere delusion .
va	7	As if on cue Lilly Ann popped her head through the door .
va	8	For months , news from the Continent had been spooling through the English papers .
va	11	The goods produced by machines are almost always aimed at a market they 've unemployed .
va	10	" I used to have a crush on her . "
va	6	Were they talking about me ?
va	5	With the conductor waiting , this was hardly the time .
va	6	" Marja , could you please get my knives from the other room ? "
va	6	The moment it was open , the smell of stale beer filled the mud room .
va	5	There is another baleful cry , much closer now .
va	9	It was early afternoon but already it seemed as if the sun had disappeared .
va	5	But that was her last move .
va	5	No , she wasn 't , and no , he wouldn 't .
va	5	" Now , that wasn 't very nice , darlin ' . "
va	6	For a long moment , he just rested there , and then he opened his eyes again .
va	8	He played with the ends of my hair , twirling it between his fingers .
va	8	Some things were more important than another glass and a lively dance with a pretty girl .
va	8	He was the challenged , so the terms of the duel were left to his discretion .
va	6	One last thing about Monster Maya .
va	6	He gazed at the blood stain silently for some time .
va	8	He glances at Gabe 's gun and smiles .
va	11	He saw something that made him hesitate .
va	5	After all , we were estate agents , accountants , primary school teachers .
va	11	No time was set for what would surely befall Bob .
va	7	He looked at the old man with white hair and a long grey beard .
va	11	Many evil beings come to me " she repeated in English .
va	10	There , before you may speak you will be asked whatever questions His Majesty sees fit .
va	8	Have gone away on a last minute business trip , will tell you more later .
va	10	As he walked away , Chris watched the captain throw his last bit of hot dog into the air .
va	9	If the Elders don 't send you on the Honor Journey . "
va	11	Where were you when she needed someone to talk to ? "
va	8	And what is wrong with my parents ? "
va	11	Gone was the swaggering , cocky jerk who had participated in Spy Games .
va	10	She retorts , attempting to match his cavalier attitude .
va	5	" What other conclusion could there be ? "
va	6	Still zipping up , Gabe comes around .
va	11	With a start , she realized that Mr. Cantwell had spoken to her and was waiting for her answer .
va	8	You won 't let any of us ? "
va	7	My first stop was the tarmac expanse of the Tesco Extra car park .
va	9	Maybe he should talk to her , but he could think of nothing to say .
va	10	" You can use the Fire to melt the stone . "
va	8	she screamed again , and Alejo clamped his hand over her mouth and growled lowly into her ear .
va	6	' Ring her , ' Amy said , ' right now . '
va	8	The other girls came bounding down the stairs and gathered around .
va	5	With a scowl concentration , she tapped the keys .
va	10	" Have you , " he asked in English , " been dipping into my stash ? "
va	5	With one last look , I turned and darted around the bodies .
va	7	" Yes , you always order the same thing for breakfast no matter where we go .
va	10	I 'm afraid he 's becoming dangerous . '
va	11	" Circling around to kill us from the back , no doubt , " said Logan .
va	10	Hunt sat in the right front seat and stoically pointed out cloud developments for Taylor to be aware of .
va	6	" There are no grain shortages , " he rumbled .
va	10	She knew what magic riding out in the world held .
va	8	Scott thought that was a distinct possibility .
va	10	They had only come into contact if Neil and Mana were in the vicinity .
va	11	sneered Valerian , trembling with fury and the shame of physical coercion .
va	11	But maybe it would slow the target down enough for Bennett 's partner to get here .
va	6	The servants ' way of speech made absolutely no sense to me .
va	10	Finan lifted a hand , his face losing some of its colour .
va	8	There was a huge buzz about the homework ; all the kids were completely energized by it .
va	8	The Prince reached out , keeping his face emotionless , and took the scroll .
va	6	I will love her always .
va	5	Then , with a few preoccupied words , he dismissed the entire class .
va	8	She could see the PM raise an ironic eyebrow .
va	6	But I felt so alone today ; Martin wasn 't here , and the garage apartment was empty , too .
va	10	Guessing they 'd not move again Raphael said , ' Not me .
va	10	Whores to be used by the American puppet masters and then discarded . "
va	8	I shook my head , squeezed my eyes shut , opened them , then closed them again .
va	5	And by divine design , he was removed .
va	6	" Yeah , but this pussy has a gun , " he grinned .
va	5	That pretty much ended the whole superhero thing .
va	6	" I don 't remember , " Mark replied .
va	9	He took one more look over the fields and rose lifting his foot over the low brambles .
va	5	" A chili dog and a Coke , " he said , and then frowned .
va	10	The light from the cabin spilled out onto the porch illuminating the lower half of a male body .
va	7	But the project presume something else , you know , right ? "
va	6	They needed more , and the hunger was overwhelming .
va	11	" You perceive that your hand has been shortened in some way ? "
va	8	Before he could receive an answer , surgical nurse Jill Edwards burst through the door .
va	7	Next , the two middle points of the diamond are the monarchy 's support : the Church and the Nobility .
va	5	And why deny him a horse ? "
va	10	We 'll get confirmation when we hear from the FSS in London . "
va	7	" Do you know Tony Wei ? "
va	9	She and Kate were sitting in the study overlooking the tennis court .
va	9	Chris threw Claire a glance and she flushed , before raising her chin in defiance .
va	5	- Jodi Picoult , " Second Glance " " You look nervous . "
va	9	" She told me a little bit more about the community y ' all are starting .
va	10	" I think we 'll put that to the test .
va	8	The intruder seemed to have vanished .
va	6	" Ah , ah , ah , " he said in his Brother Silence voice .
va	6	Once on the planet surface , Gizmo was the first out the door .
va	6	" So much for the tin box we heard so much about , " Dan grumbled to Mr. Forrest .
va	6	I followed you around for a whole summer , remember ?
va	7	Another blow immediately followed , though with one hand on the club and to the right side this time .
va	10	" You really do want carbon monoxide poisoning I guess . "
va	9	I keep moving through the house , honing in on the boys .
va	7	" So Archduke Phillip has been away hunting ? "
va	6	After a moment , Pierre says , " They 're coming here . "
va	9	Chase listened at the two in silence , without knowing why such thing interests him .
va	7	The jeweller hung up the phone and turned back to the table .
va	9	But I also believe that you have your reasons , and because I love you , I trust you .
va	10	Part of her yearned to duel with him , challenge him to say more .
va	10	I look between them , searching for a breach in their faces .
va	6	" We have only just arrived ! "
va	9	" It 's one of the longest rivers in Europe . "
va	6	" Sarah , I have no idea , " David replied .
va	7	They threw her in the carriage and raced away .
va	10	She typed in public chat : Tori C : Life is horrible isn 't it .
va	6	The previous night was hell ; just as she and Serge liked it .
va	8	No , it was someone different , but in the same clothes .
va	9	Some stuck to show business - headlining in Vegas , making documentaries and even half-hour children 's shows .
va	7	" Nothing can happen to me .
va	8	Then he whirled at the familiar sound of blade leaving sheath .
va	5	her voice orders over all the speakers around the ship .
va	10	How wonderful it was to feel themselves flying , how light and weightless their bodies felt .
va	11	The other niece , Judith , was standing waiting her turn at the entrance to the main stables .
va	11	He had to erase any indication of a presence at all .
va	9	The one with the teeth is a comb - you know what a comb is , yes ? "
va	8	" Right , let 's have a look at the other fellow , shall we ? "
va	9	" Captured in Reykjavik by North African pirates and dragged off to Algeria , " the president explained .
va	8	Artie Peters , the newest member of the group , laughed nervously and trailed off when no one joined in .
va	6	' No Sir , we lost the Dubois girl , ' an Agent replied .
va	11	What if you 're brother 's down there ? "
va	6	" Yes , " Lilly 's reply was like a secretive whisper .
va	7	That 's what communities do . "
va	8	I see the prison rehab plan die in his eyes .
va	5	Or give them silver rings .
va	7	He pushed the frame back towards me , his face shuttered .
va	9	The sun was already beginning to warm the day .
va	7	Where would ye be heading now ? "
va	5	One day at a time .
va	8	The more they argued , the more determined I became to find the truth .
va	6	" And why do they say that ? "
va	7	" What happened after that ? "
va	9	' The process is very similar to stem cell transplant , ' Anna explained .
va	8	Even as we studied them , these laborers ignored us as our locomotive hurled by .
va	6	Both of the Exiles turned to him with wary looks .
va	5	Before long , the refugee camps were nearly abandoned .
va	8	As soon as she finished her dessert Missy headed back to her room .
va	9	And besides , they want to steal my father 's company . "
va	6	" I , um , was wondering , " Sophie ran a hand through her hair .
va	10	Come aboard and eat while we wait for the others .
va	8	Tony watched Avi carefully over the top of his Guinness . "
va	10	" Sorry to keep you chaps waiting . "
va	10	They were not looking into an open street or court as one would have expected .
va	6	' Wow , ' Patrick turned the bottle over and over in his hands .
va	11	Pipes burst around us , releasing jets of hot steam that further obscured our vision .
va	11	" Spyder , do you know what this woman is talking about ? "
va	10	A vial of serum , suspended in a pillar of light ?
va	6	' The Sultan 's Stakes , 4.15 , one-and-a-half miles -- it 's worth thousands . '
va	11	The story you are about to read is entirely fictional .
va	7	Of course she had done the same , and he probably didn 't understand .
va	10	The Empress renounced me , and it was then that I almost gave up and lost hope .
va	9	Could she cope with staying there and not frequenting her usual luxury hotels ?
va	8	I 'll go with you now and I 'll bring her back myself . "
va	10	He poured a cup of coffee and helped himself to a bite to eat .
va	9	At first glance they looked like nice looking boys in their fine sports kits .
va	9	I arrived in their midst , taking the nearest two off their feet with a sweeping kick .
va	9	It was important to find out .
va	8	Aloysius Fuchs is many things , but stupid is not one of them .
va	5	" By their uniforms , master , " he gasped .
va	10	The creatures below had now doubled their number swarming over the area like ants .
va	11	If she wanted Mac to be with her , then he would be there .
va	7	' No you ain 't , ' the man said putting his helmet down .
va	8	Lucas continued to follow Zoe .
va	6	Record all sensor readings for the entire session .
va	9	Toby closed his eyes to focus on the image .
va	6	A single , shimmering blue eye peeked in , then , reluctantly , a white robed figure came into the room .
va	5	Even in death , the face seemed peaceful .
va	11	She staggered up , yammering as if the sight had almost unseated her reason .
va	6	I pull my legs into my chest .
va	11	Do you think I could have lived with that ?
va	8	Unlike the seven he just met , this one is very much alive .
va	9	" We should all mourn the passing of a good man , " the bishop replied gently .
va	8	He led a flanking attack on the boats , but they were too heavily defended .
va	10	" How came you to know of that ? "
va	7	" That 's fine with me .
va	6	" By the way , your man at the desk ... has he had his training yet ? "
va	11	We have reached the cusp of the exploration of or solar system and about to reach out to other planets .
va	7	And each had a silver diamond on it as well . "
va	6	Not two minutes later , Nigel rolled back into the room .
va	9	I want to know why .
va	7	Something played in her body language mischievously , a cat playing with a live morsel .
va	8	I 'm better than that , " smiling .
va	7	" You 'll go home , won 't you ?
va	11	She tried not to let the lines of red lights make her impatient .
va	7	That 's when the white image appeared .
va	10	He thought they must be tricking him .
va	10	Not unless I went back to work for Carl .
va	11	But we must take the chance that they have laid their ambush in the rooms above .
va	9	You 're going to give me crap ?
va	8	" It 's my life at stake , not yours . "
va	7	" Come on , I 'll show you more . "
va	6	At his appalled expression , she said , " Yeah , great image , isn 't it ? "
va	9	He looked up at me but his eyes were icy and colorless , glazed over like a dead mans .
va	10	But how am I supposed to trust you , Branden ?
va	11	She went to retrieve the bow and its quiver of arrows from where it rested .
va	8	It had worked well in Sierra Bravo I , but the second shuttle 's device was untried .
va	5	" Yes , perhaps ... but , perhaps , more a dance maker ? "
va	7	" I don 't need your help , " Hilda said .
va	9	They were sitting in the kitchen at the large pine table .
va	8	Since he laid his eyes on the little blond , he was exceptionally interested .
va	10	It was just a bunch of wooden boards and planks , blackened and smoothed by centuries beneath the sea .
va	8	" Very well , ' he said , " but turn around while I dress . "
va	7	She instantly lowered her voice , but continued , " So neat !
va	11	" It is going to be a superior force with superior fire power .
va	8	Archie closed the door and threw Andy 's bag over to him .
va	8	Looking around , he caught Tate adjusting her weapon on her shoulder .
va	6	They jumped off the trail just in time .
va	10	I suppose you 've heard about Karma .
va	10	" You were just a boy the last I spoke to you .
va	8	He passed the dogs on the other side of the shelves just after making the second turn .
va	10	He could probably be killed just for hearing it .
va	8	A pair of faded black gauntlets rest at the bottom of the wooden box .
va	8	By the bleary eyed dawn , they were both stumbling back to a room rented by Avery .
va	11	He now realised what had been nagging at him .
va	8	" Didn 't think you 'd take it , " Mal remarked , mostly to himself .
va	5	" No , it 's not , " Mana replied .
va	7	' Well , Vox shaped the sound of British Rock ' n ' Roll . '
va	5	Lilly Ann surprised her guests .
va	6	I look forward to our sharing quality time on a more personal level . "
va	6	" Who else was on the bus ? "
va	9	" So , what did you have on your mind earlier ? "
va	8	She groaned , how would she face Lord Rafe now ?
va	6	" I can 't do this .
va	9	Besides , we only have to split it two ways now . "
va	8	" Full English -- no black pudding -- extra toast and tea , " I ordered .
va	10	He seemed a little disappointed to leave the fancy gadgets but he seems happy enough to join us .
va	6	The Prince pulled the sword up and over his head .
va	9	Tell Francine I said hello .
va	9	Still , he had no idea who employed Amanda .
va	9	" What in the ? "
va	6	They each had very large unevenly shaped hairless heads in a mauve hue with big pointy ears .
va	9	Simon had already turned away , and he pulled out the large napkin tied around their food .
va	9	" Bring back that book - no matter what it takes ! "
va	6	" Your turn , " Chase said with a scornful look .
va	8	" No I forgot , but it looks pretty quiet out here . "
va	6	" The thing is , I never met Archer or Myra or Elizabeth or Matt until this past year .
va	9	" He pursued me through his friend 's mother , and finally I consented to meet him .
va	9	Now if we can 't all come together for that , then there really is no hope . "
va	8	His brown elf eyes spark with pleasure , and his mischief mouth is cocked into a wide grin .
va	10	I 'm sure that was really important - I think not .
va	9	He didn 't know why , but somehow he found his hand going to the bell .
va	6	The creases come out , and his mouth sets .
va	7	Following a small sound of surprise , a voice answered , " It 's me .
va	11	Do not let him make you think otherwise .
va	9	He felt so relieved , being forgiven by Jesus .
va	10	" Hey , when are you coming back ? "
va	7	" That would be most dangerous , " he said .
va	10	" Do you want to stop ? "
va	8	" I thought you were dead .
va	10	You already know your supply status is adequate for months without outside help .
va	10	He stood up as I swung my head around with death in my eyes .
va	10	Out of the corner of her eye , she saw flashing lights approaching in her rear view mirror .
va	10	From the way it rose on its wheels , a number of people exited the vehicle .
va	7	Eva was rushing forward and drew me into an embrace .
va	8	His ears were still ringing from the slap - the girl was strong !
va	7	Maggie , now a full colonel and still flying , couldn 't really marry too far below her rank .
va	10	Do you feel your spirit , Fire Cub ? "
va	6	' Unfortunately , Thorne got away with the virus . '
va	11	With a chuckle , he held the chain that was still wrapped around his ankle .
va	6	" Really , Stefan , " he chastised , his songbird voice a desolate melody to my ears now .
va	9	I thought you went running . "
va	11	He 'd always preferred his blood brothers to any of the Brethren of Weavers .
va	10	Mark asked as they pulled into the mall 's busy parking lot .
va	9	I was heading back to the reception and I 've seen him entering the elevator .
va	9	I 've run at least a couple of miles , and the highway is close .
va	9	What else could have scratched him ?
va	9	Why did he have to add that ?
va	7	Worse , what she was seeing was slightly double .
va	10	Rick asked , jerking around to face her .
va	6	The deep voice of the captain filled the air .
va	11	I know she only wanted to protect me .
va	7	He took out his walkie talkie and said , " Operation ' Checkmate ' is a go . "
va	9	Melody gave him a light swat on the back of the head .
va	8	At the sound , we dropped instantly , burying ourselves in the long grass .
va	10	announced Coke excitedly , " He 's never been defeated you know ! "
va	8	But let me say , you guys impressed me as much as any of them . '
va	5	Even in the dim light , they were obviously railroad ties .
va	9	I 'm like the prime exhibit in a zoo , Neil thought .
va	7	The others stood without hesitation , and a servant approached at our rising .
va	9	The barren streets ran back and forth through the buildings , all stepping down to the harbor below .
va	6	My main concern is winning her trust .
va	11	Rafe turned from his contemplation of the floor , his wretchedness of spirit visible upon his face .
va	8	" Um , well yes , Butch , he is here to see the Judgment . "
va	5	" Hi , honey , " my mother says , her voice distracted .
va	7	Turning to his lieutenant , he said , " Arrest that man . "
va	10	Reid set about investigating the contents of the bookcases and cabinets .
va	6	" You 're in my house , by the way . "
va	9	Keep some of it free for that steak you were talking about .
va	5	' Well , maybe you 're not a good teacher either . '
va	7	The cameras swept round and from their positions the girls saw the solitary black lady dancing and singing .
va	8	You did give some blood at the bank , didn 't you ? "
va	9	Barbara asked , stroking the material of his coat sleeve under her hand .
va	8	" That is what a caster can see , if they look .
va	10	You 're the stupid ones , dead as the rest of them in their fancy pods .
va	6	" Jennings was also in Sarawak .
va	8	When I got to the village it was burning .
va	5	Since 9-11 , S3 's client list expanded almost geometrically .
va	7	He looked up at the man and nearly fell back down again in shock .
va	8	The job was reconnaissance , but given the small size of their unit , the Death Dealers always packed heavy .
va	9	She walked over to the little cross of masking tape on the floor and turned to face the camera .
va	11	Do you want to die ? "
va	9	Scott pulled his fingers out of the jammed trap then picked the metal object up and dangled it by the chain .
va	11	Punishing a soldier is something entirely different from torturing someone beyond recognition .
va	11	' Are you sure you can 't stay for longer ? '
va	8	Daniel heard the hard tone of Noah 's voice .
va	8	After Raphael 's hysteria and Danny 's depression he didn 't fancy any sort of hitch .
va	5	Gremlin screamed , a high , whining sound , like a tea kettle .
va	11	Connor pushed the alarm button triggering the signal for everyone to report to the helm .
va	7	" Of course you may , " Mana said , " in a minute .
va	10	I 'm hoping it won 't be missed . '
va	11	Maybe we can find a sliver of the happiness that he is searching for so desperately .
va	10	' Hi guys , are you ready to see your first video ? '
va	7	It can 't be real , so it can 't hurt you . "
va	7	Might 've been McGarvey 's .
va	10	Sky frowned , trying to see it .
va	6	Lord Brogan took pity upon her embarrassment .
va	10	Intrigued , she headed over to read what it said .
va	10	It was dark when they got to Tori 's house .
va	11	He didn 't want to be seen by her as a monster .
va	5	Far off , very , very far off , a trunk honked its horn .
va	7	Sarah shifted both lead ropes to one hand and hugged him tightly .
va	7	He reaches the catwalk in seconds and hovers at Jason 's eye level .
va	8	He paused a moment to glance around the room before going on .
va	8	What he was listening for , was not hard to detect .
va	5	" Whoa , it 's just me . "
va	5	In his dark alcove , he studied it .
va	7	He reached behind the door and I felt the adrenaline from earlier kick in .
va	9	I try to rein myself in , but the darkness is awake and churning .
va	11	He closes his eyes , and I hear the air dragging sharply into his lungs as he pulls back the stopper .
va	9	Do you have them ? "
va	7	Her vital signs displayed in the lower right-hand corner , the simulation mirroring her every move .
va	11	Gema sat at her dressing table looking at her reflection in the mirror .
va	6	" Come with me , " he said .
va	5	" Is this Bigfoot ? "
va	6	The enforcer of Avalon levels his gun at me .
va	10	The boats man , who was unknown to her , looked at her with a lustful grin .
va	8	There was one open table and Drew led Angelique to it and they sat down .
va	6	After a prolonged silence , the Tenacious said , " I 'll call your supervisor . "
va	8	The scale ranged from one to five , with five being the lowest and one meaning missiles were in the air .
va	8	Seeing a wall of water tower over their ship made her heart stop .
va	10	They moved on , slowly , taking their time not to miss any signs .
va	7	My father , ... " He paused here , but gathered his nerve and quickly continued .
va	9	Rick was too awestruck to answer , so Alex did , " Pearl Harbor . "
va	10	' Thank you all for having us join this celebration .
va	8	" Yeah , " she said , watching him work .
va	9	Time to prove I wasn 't about to fall apart .
va	11	It 's all in the files I 'm sure .
va	10	She stood waiting for him to finish , watching the muscles shifting under his smooth tanned skin .
va	10	They did not horse around in this place , because they never knew where danger lurked .
va	7	I turned my back and let his words run through my mind .
va	6	Had Malcolm been with him ?
va	10	I nodded , wanting to kiss her .
va	8	One was gray with a big keyhole but it wasn 't locked .
va	11	She felt the guilt surge up her throat and lodge in the back of her mouth .
va	9	" Seriously , man - you got ta take it easy .
va	6	" Burn her , " the high pitched voices of children fell in .
va	10	With a sigh Danny croaked , ' I never said I wasn 't coming .
va	9	' There 's a bathroom through there where you can change . '
va	10	" You know better than to approach unfamiliar animals , especially wild ones .
va	9	His German was accented in the French inflection , but his words were warm and his grin genuine .
va	11	At every opportunity she tried to pass on all these gifts to her children .
va	6	The butler waved the gun at the prisoner .
va	8	" He would be driven mad by such weather . "
va	10	" You kind of look like that chick who 's missing .
va	8	Someone in the back yelled , " Hurrah for our queen ! "
va	11	Stepping into a downward hook , the skeleton 's knee is destroyed , sending it tripping onto the ground .
va	7	Mack Finn was framed in the doorway .
va	9	We can 't figure it out , found the truck it never left base , but the contents were gone .
va	6	His tutor , the old scholar Warwick , bowed to his king from his perch atop a nearby stool .
va	10	He paused as the kids reluctantly did so , mumbling dislike .
va	10	Maybe she 'll feel able to tell me later .
va	8	He continued to watch the distance .
va	8	The two of them retreated , silently making their way back to their camp .
va	7	The two walked out the door and headed for the barn .
va	8	So I came to find Joseph . "
va	11	You did say you 'll come . "
va	10	' What are you intending to do with that ? '
va	8	I hope he finds it .
va	11	I look down at the crazy , terrible paragraphs scrawled on the pages of my notebook .
va	8	Someone might just notice it going out .
va	8	She pulled her legs up quickly to her chest , and then thrust her feet hard into Jake 's face .
va	7	" You will do no such thing , " Theodosia said .
va	6	We frown at each other .
va	8	What were they to do ?
va	6	" Can you detect the bio organism ? "
va	11	She said , " It was nice to meet you .
va	7	Logan , Jacob , and I had been on the run from unknown fanatics .
va	6	A few moments later , they landed on the stony walkway , just before the bridge .
va	8	Rand 's face remained blank , but within he felt a seething emotion bubbling furiously .
va	6	" Trough and pump 's this way , " he said , and gave the bridle a tug .
va	10	The screen switched to a well-dressed female with big , curly hair standing next to a rather excitable eyewitness .
va	5	She wore a dark red , ragged cloak .
va	11	Adele stood , moving to where Rafe kneeled and sinking down beside him .
va	7	William Cunningham was assisting with the surgery .
va	6	" We have a new student , today , " she said .
va	6	" Yes , " Elizabeth said , " Melanie and I moved your things into your room this afternoon . "
va	7	I put my hand over my heart and raise my other hand .
va	10	" I would you might tell it to me , Finn . "
va	11	He figured Rob was still on and wrote a reply , " Rick here , whatcha got ? "
va	6	" Now , how about we go put some gear together for our excursion tomorrow ? "
va	11	You seem to know what he 's done .
va	9	Eda hesitated uncomfortably but , on encountering a nod from Adele , moved toward the opening .
va	10	I know it doesn 't make sense , and it isn 't fair .
va	10	The issue was resolved when they all made their way to him .
va	6	" Why don 't you tell people ? "
va	11	It takes me a second to remember why .
va	6	Soon they arrived at a round enclosure much like a rodeo ring .
va	10	I 've got a couple of wood stoves and an outside fireplace , but no oven .
va	7	Beau felt down at his chest and found thick bandages .
va	6	He took another look at his friends face .
va	7	It seems old and haggard to all around .
va	10	The rain had started right after breakfast and turned to a downpour of snow soon after .
va	7	" No more than five , or she will object . "
va	10	Aren 't you going to open it ? '
va	7	" How dare I what ?
va	7	He cradled his aching head in his hands and shielded his eyes from the bright sunshine .
va	5	" A striptease and a blow job then , " he countered .
va	8	The zombie 's hair hung limply around its head , completely obscuring its face from view .
va	11	" It 's lovely , " she said softly , not wanting to disturb the peace here .
va	9	But he could not afford to turn around .
va	10	I finish Karen 's letter in six pages , skipping some of my more forgivable blunders .
va	10	" Don 't tell me it doesn 't work , sweetie .
va	8	" I suppose it matters not , the important thing is that we are prepared . "
va	6	Then it flooded into my nostrils and ears , into my eyes , under my skin .
va	11	It was easier said than done .
va	6	" No , sir , it doesn 't , " said Nathan soberly .
va	8	I have witnessed it with my own eyes , myself and 2 other agents acted to preserve it .
va	6	" Keep the dagger , " she said , " you might still need it .
va	7	I turn the water cold in the shower .
va	7	The shuttle speed was already 12,000 miles an hour faster than the old station .
va	10	What he was thinking of doing .
va	11	Chris definitely didn 't want to hear what I said .
va	11	Rafe stared down into her face , knowing what he should do but still hesitating .
va	9	" I traveled by train mostly , but it still took a couple of days to reach the place .
va	6	She felt a little better than yesterday , after a quick shower .
va	10	" I won 't believe it until I hear it from your own lips .
va	11	Leave it with the body so that they know there 's another guild involved .
va	8	For my relief , the blonde platypus didn 't came with us , being already there .
va	6	" Big change takes time , " Cyril replied , his tone a polite disagreement .
va	10	He very much liked the thought to officially welcome Taylor into his family .
va	11	Have my helicopter ready to fly north , " Ed ordered .
va	8	Frank explained what had happened .
va	10	A coward 's weapon , and blasphemy to bring into the Judgment .
va	9	Watching Calvin dive like Tarzan made her feel like a miserable Jane .
va	9	Also , they look like they 've been mistreated .
va	7	Hatred is one thing , and fear , but inexplicable loyalty makes me nervous .
va	11	" Do you think he bought it ? "
va	9	" They were down there a long time , a lot of gases build up . "
va	9	We can limit our food growth to rabbits and chickens , but not a grazing animal like a cow .
va	10	I peeled the orange and split it with her while we waited for the other girls .
va	8	' Wonderful , ' he said taking the bottle and then her hand helping her to deck .
va	5	Not a chuckle or a mocking laugh , but a true laugh , from his gut .
va	9	Mana 's head fell back against the armrest , and Neil saw that her eyes were closed .
va	10	" What do you have to say now , future boy ? "
va	10	" I don 't know , to prove a point , I guess ? "
va	5	Later in that day , that cook carried an extra bag .
va	11	Katherine rubbed her tummy and said , ' So stuffed I can barely speak . '
va	8	" Fine , but you have to stay here .
va	9	Do you need something ? "
va	8	They took their seats with Mr. Clancy at the head of the small , square table .
va	8	They took me in , hid me from the Empire .
va	6	" If we hurry , " she says , " we can attend mass this morning . "
va	8	In response to his brother , Hosni drew his knife once more and jammed it into Josh 's knee .
va	8	Are the weapons in that case ? "
va	6	" Okay , both the transponder and an external net connection are up and healthy . "
va	10	Besides , you would have never even picked up these things , would you ? "
va	6	The unexpected and forbidden love of Iseo and Celestino lives on in myth and fairy tales .
va	10	From the porch he had a good command of the whole camp and the long drive that led to the croft .
va	11	And that was all he 'd ever say on the matter .
va	7	" It 's about time , " she said .
va	8	" Nice to meet you .
va	7	They said their goodbyes to Walt , and Abby and Rick instantly went back to the video link .
va	9	" As Saint Paul said , each will be rewarded according to his labour .
va	7	In his sleep he saw the bloody bodies of friends and children .
va	11	Kevin had stopped just outside the door and Missy bumped into him .
va	9	" That means she 's Chesapeake built .
va	7	" Where is ... er ... Finn ? "
va	11	The man paused to catch Chris 's eye before going on .
va	6	Years before , under some undeterred impact , the ground outside the Hole had been shattered and collapsed .
va	8	Alejo was lying still on the rumpled pillow , eyes opened narrowly .
va	8	Disgust filled his eyes as the pirate touched her .
va	9	" I checked he was holding the rope .
va	10	What did I do to be sent here ?
va	5	But that dead tree had hidden thirteen honey pears , carefully preserved .
va	6	Like everyone , I grumbled and griped about the deteriorating situation .
va	9	I breathed slowly and deeply , the guns barely jerking in my hands as I emptied the magazines with deadly accuracy .
va	7	The unexpected spontaneous show of aggressiveness and the quick take off , gave Simon a clean getaway .
va	7	Yet , throughout his speech and as before , none on the board would look him in the eye .
va	11	" And where are they ?
va	7	" You look tired , Rafe , " Lord Brogan commented .
va	7	" Hey , isn 't that , " Navi starts , grabbing Links attention .
va	9	Horses spilled down a faraway hillside like dark grains of sand .
va	6	In fact , during the horse trials they had barely seen the house .
va	11	Had she lived I would never have brought her here .
va	10	" Do you mind if I say grace ? "
va	9	The children were glad to see her , even though she was not their mother .
va	7	They passed the men at the Petit Pont and the Pont St. Michel .
va	7	Neil nodded in agreement , and she pressed her advantage .
va	8	The sooner we know ... " Cade felt his heart hammer in his chest and his breath catch .
va	8	Perhaps another Courtier would raise the alarm and avenge his companions ' deaths .
va	6	" So , " said the reporter , " then why haven 't they arrested the guy ? "
va	6	" Drink up quickly , now , and give me back my cup . "
va	11	He wouldn 't have done that if he hadn 't some confidence .
va	6	John and his specially selected arrest team quietly entered mason 's house .
va	9	" No ... It 's impossible ... means that ... with the love thing was a plan ? "
va	10	She had eyes like ice when she answered , " I know . "
va	6	He picked up the clothes and opened the door .
va	8	The two girl Lizards looked at each other and giggled as they watched .
va	10	He read the deadened , dejected resignation in her walk and the surges of absolute terror that stole her breath .
va	7	When had the world 's young men become so weak ?
va	9	' We can 't let you guys have all the fun . '
va	7	His judgment shall decide my fate in the coming war . "
va	7	The boys literally bathed in the praise and love heaped on them by their parents .
va	7	" Who in God 's name is that ! "
va	6	Upon further inspection , he saw a large black envelop on his bed .
va	10	Sampson 's face took on a hard look as Ethan knew it would .
va	10	He also watched as the jumbo screen carried the television broadcast of the pre-fight show .
va	9	I 'm going to play the tough guy . "
va	6	I parked it under a stone out there . "
va	9	We ought to wrap the ribs ... you have any first aid kits ? "
va	10	I pet him a little bit , while I was enjoying the coolness from inside .
va	11	He said , " Let 's put these damn hamburgers on , and just pretend it 's a big juicy porterhouse .
va	5	" Nah , none at all , it was a total breeze . "
va	7	If he never saw them again , that would be just fine .
va	8	" Years ago , your kingdom and mine had no contact other than the usual trade agreements and the like .
va	11	On more than one occasion the boys were ready to rush to their relatives ' aid .
va	8	Third dial to the left on the flight control center .
va	10	He also had no idea what his position was , since the wind had blown him off course .
va	5	" Yes , I know , " Dagger pouts .
va	11	Then , sufficient efforts could be made to put an end to the madness .
va	10	Go and see him a few more times it might work itself out . '
va	7	His veins bulged , and he was breathing heavily .
va	10	" Come , we 've a long way to go yet , " he said , setting off toward the west .
va	7	Chapter 17 " I 'll be fine , " I say .
va	8	Rob loved a challenge and intrigue doubled the fun .
va	8	" Sir , I have to insist - " Campbell started to say .
va	8	Perhaps your ... friends have other friends in Rome .
va	9	" Come on Pixie Girl , " Ryan says closing his big , boring and utterly practical textbook .
va	5	Bye , " Daniel said and ran down the hallway .
va	5	Within a few minutes , white fluffy balls dotted the lower pasture .
va	10	The coiled Snakes came together like magnetic springs as they grappled and entwined and forgot about the Mice .
va	8	" Mmm , " the young man said , looking back and forth between them .
va	10	Sometimes they did not return at all , or returned only as severed limbs cast down before the bolted bronze doors .
va	6	A miniskirt and a pale pink tank top went immediately into my discard pile .
va	9	This is what she was aiming for .
va	10	His breathing joined his footsteps bouncing off the walls and creating far too much noise for his comfort .
va	9	Watching with a snarl upon his face Mr. Graves witnessed as Zero escaped him yet again .
va	6	In slow , hesitant steps , they eased away from the bushes .
va	8	It 's dangerous in there you know , " he concludes , glancing back to Rift .
va	8	Her use of the third person in her question convinced him .
va	6	A cloud of white plaster dust drifted down from the ceiling .
va	9	If she had heard it right this stranger was his cousin .
va	8	" Promise me you 'll call me , text me or video chat me over the summer , " Stacy said .
va	6	Let 's just get it out of here .
va	10	Julian noticed her doubts and took it with coolness .
va	9	Going to get warm . "
va	8	David looked at the piece of paper Sarah held in her hand .
va	8	Breathing as shallowly as possible , he waved the fan at the girl 's face .
va	10	I turned away with a flea in mine 's ear and walked slowly with a pain in my soul .
va	5	Shock , disbelief , disgust , and finally anger - so much anger .
va	7	I pointed towards the article , and he motioned for the paper .
va	7	" They were in a circle and the pattern repeated itself . "
va	9	I turned off everything unnecessary and asked if anybody was a pilot .
va	9	I just wanted to be in my one world . "
va	8	The quiet hangs over the encampment like a pall .
va	10	Adults were touching the smooth tops of the ribs while small children swung from the pegs .
va	10	There was more going on here than met the eye , Lucas realized then .
va	10	He had heard that begging shrill voice even in his nightmares .
va	11	Gunnar gave a passing thought to giving them a burial .
va	9	The two of you should go sit with Toby , he 's starting to talk . "
va	6	Despite his slow mannerism , he moved around the house quickly and effortlessly .
va	8	" You are to reign over all soon .
va	6	It 's just a bad dream -- everything here is just a bad dream . "
va	6	I mean , there was the sword , too ... " " Oh , right , " another said .
va	11	You never heard an AGP coming , he remembered , only after it had passed you .
va	5	as though she were somewhere else .
va	10	He continued to yell , his words falling on me like pieces of glass .
va	10	They exited the land from where they had entered , crossing the Black River with its dark silty waters .
va	7	In general it was not a problem for him .
va	9	We 're ready to go , now .
va	11	The heat of the room pressed in until she had to get out .
va	8	Time and time again , the tip of his sword came within a whisper of my skin .
va	9	" Now Lex , it 's your turn to do the clean up .
va	9	" Well , Edie May , it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance .
va	9	" Signor Beppe , why didn 't you tell me that you knew my dad ? "
va	11	Do you think she knows ? "
va	9	The bedroom had a window facing the back of the farm .
va	10	Behind her gasps and murmurs rose until she could almost hear them , but there was no time to listen .
va	8	The necklace he wore clearly had a crystal attached to it .
va	8	he bowed in front of her .
va	7	' Don 't know ' I replied .
va	7	As soon as the doors closed , the woman put the car in gear .
va	7	The first voice had belonged to Felix Thorne .
va	7	" I already have a gallery 's worth of fine pieces .
va	9	He pointed to her name , written beside his .
va	10	She pulled her door latch and climbed from the Mini .
va	10	Looking over , she saw her gaze fixed on something across the pool .
va	6	Several men , including Fin and Duncan , practiced their fighting skills with their swords in the courtyard .
va	11	What if it holds the thing that they were searching for ?
va	9	As he paced , an idea presented itself and he dug his secure phone from his pocket .
va	9	I was moving before he finished the sentence .
va	9	I am so glad you are here .
va	8	Neil began to guffaw slightly .
va	8	You 've already done so much for me , " replied Simon feeling overwhelmed by Beppe 's generosity and care .
va	10	How he wanted to hold her .
va	10	Damn him , I can actually see happy lilac streaks pulsing through Gabe 's aura .
va	7	He squared it away and looked at himself in the mirror .
va	10	" He 's what you 'd call ... unique , " he said with a sly smile .
va	7	He spat out the cloth , and pinned the Seeker with his gaze .
va	6	I sat up , bounced her a few times with my hands on her hips , but it wasn 't enough .
va	10	" Are you going to respect me ? "
va	9	He didn 't consider himself afraid of most anything .
va	8	While I had seen the expansive ocean before , this particular view was gorgeous .
va	11	He told of silently murdering his way across the camp to the horse corral .
va	9	That is the demon that killed your wife ?
va	8	Sunlight streamed into the room between the curtains opposite my bed .
va	8	" We have to leave Connor .
va	8	I could hear the smile in his tone .
va	5	" No , they can 't , " Mana said .
va	10	No lights were on , so I hoped Dad was out on official Spy Games business .
va	7	I still couldn 't reconcile his disappearance and treachery with our friendship .
va	7	This could only mean one thing - the Angel was somewhere near .
va	9	Tim sighed in relief when Andy tapped him on the shoulder .
va	9	... Oh , now that 's just mean .
va	10	And do you know WHO is building it ?
va	8	" Wan na give it a try ? "
va	8	I 'll be lenient on this .
va	10	Below the mounted stick of flame , an inconspicuous wall , identical to every other in this unwelcoming setting .
va	7	" Hello there , this is Agent Adama with Wildlife Protective Services . "
va	7	" Well you didn 't read you brief ? "
va	11	I 'm certain it helped you survive .
va	9	And of heat , not to mention it .
va	8	I heard some noise outside , talking something in another language .
va	9	As they got closer to the city the conditions improved and the skies started to clear .
va	6	The being 's eyes of white and gray stared down the Dead God unflinching .
va	7	Most of them were sitting , some of them were lying down asleep .
va	11	Are you willing to lose her as well ? "
va	8	They are set for remote detonation , " Warrior responds blandly .
va	9	She couldn 't believe what she was seeing .
va	7	He stepped aside and let the man fall to the floor .
va	9	Two embedded themselves in his club , reaching through towards his heart .
va	5	" Decade after decade it 's all the same .
va	7	Resolute , I ran back to the Trojan and plunged my hand into the flames .
va	9	" An end to suffering , " she repeats , staring into space and nodding with comprehension .
va	9	The day would be one of calm breezes and warm skies .
va	5	' How long is post haste ? '
va	6	My pulse quickening , I swiveled my gaze towards the window .
va	8	Maggie and Penny , the shuttle 's two pilots , were fast asleep while Michael was still working .
va	9	He 's just trying to do good . "
va	7	Kevin scolded Missy , " You shouldn 't have moved , Missy , they couldn 't see us .
va	9	Looking down on the young woman on his arms , he could feel her shivering with cold .
va	10	Mai shouts as the cowardly crustaceans ally lunges in from behind .
va	7	" Technically , sir , that 's the long and short of it . "
va	6	" Well , that didn 't work , " she said , slightly depressed .
va	9	Now that he was so close to home , he felt an irrational fear of the unknown .
va	6	Officially , of course , the very existence of these books was denied .
va	8	We were in our office in Mission Hill .
va	7	Her smile faltered briefly and she dropped her arms to her sides .
va	8	I 'd bike down to the creek , shed my clothes , and wade into the ice-cold water .
va	9	He probably was in no condition to run .
va	9	He is no longer the person you remembered , " Shade replied .
va	9	Simon waited until Mana was out of sight .
va	10	David spoke as he followed his son from around the house .
va	11	And I thought I might be good at that !
va	8	A perpetual haze prevented even seeing into the wastelands .
va	9	I sank back down and stayed crouched by the side of the house .
va	11	It made Clary want to smack him .
va	10	Was pretty far , but I just loved to walk on the soft sand .
va	6	Behold the Dreamcatcher -- Talisman of courage , Gatekeeper of the spirit , Weapon of the light .
va	8	The floor was nothing but smooth , hard packed dirt , and his simple Commons boots little impression on it .
va	10	I wasn 't the kind of girl to jump out of second story windows .
va	11	Sometimes I felt she was more afraid for the Dog People than afraid of us .
va	10	Men were sure to be on their way .
va	7	" Lift it a bit and angle down , " the gunner instructed .
va	8	A sudden splash of water on her cheek startled Josie .
va	6	" The security system shows you in my lab .
va	7	" My name is Pierre du Val , Captain in the Dutch East India Company . "
va	11	" I 'm ordering you to stop training her .
va	6	" No , " Aeron said at the same moment Paris shouted , " Hell , no . "
va	7	For a moment both men were silent , and then Rafe flung himself from his seat .
va	9	Good point ... They 're pretty close aren 't they ? "
va	7	There was some overturned furniture , and quite a lot of blood scattered around the room .
va	7	" What do the Sphinx know of the situation ? "
va	5	" You know , Jake gave your Dad quite the responsibility today . "
va	6	He looked at her seriously .
va	9	No one gave the group of six passing by much thought , because they looked like ordinary citizens .
va	10	Surely , Chris could fit into some of Billy 's clothes .
va	8	Mike pulled it all together and got the intelligence we needed .
va	7	" They look much smaller in person , " Alex whispered .
va	11	They traveled this ridge until it began to drop off .
va	8	The green light in the shuttle 's tube blinked on and off a couple of times and then turned to orange .
va	9	I nodded to the girl as she entered the Ladies in turn .
va	11	You never know how much you possess until you lose it .
va	8	Maria took Connor by the hand and walked right past him toward the glass elevator .
va	9	* * * " Out of my way , maggot , I have important duties to tend to . "
va	7	So , she stopped riding alone .
va	7	His family provided the carriage without question , and it 's waiting here .
va	8	Was the nightmare really about to be over ?
va	11	Well , I 'll be , they 're arriving from everywhere .
va	6	" Nope , not as long as the owner wouldn 't sell .
va	9	There was much to think about .
va	10	It was almost a full minute later when Chet reported , " Here she is . "
va	9	We 're not going to slay her .
va	8	He struggled up off the carpet and burst into his sons ' room .
va	6	As each wave hit , Mac and Janelle lifted off the ground .
va	6	And trailing along behind were Hawk , Señora Perez , and the diminutive Teresa .
va	10	It was three in the afternoon a few months ago , and the caf was nearly empty .
va	6	Lilly Ann ran up to him .
va	10	The rows of wooden benches are annihilated in the purifying blast as the power struggle continues between the two wizards .
va	5	' No , no , ' hesitated the woman , ' once . '
va	8	They deserved to be happy .
va	10	" I am going over to see your Uncle Jeff , I won 't be long .
va	11	Don 't you think that everybody should have at least a basic understanding about these topics ? "
va	7	She walked into her dressing room and slipped off the house coat .
va	6	Besides , for all his arrogance and temper , he 's a damn good Warlord Prince . "
va	7	" Rob , this is my cousin , Michelle . "
va	7	It hisses as I approach .
va	7	With a buzz and a hiss a large wide screen above their heads , flashes to life .
va	8	Her father was never interested in her , never around , or when he was he was always drunk .
va	5	But beneath the charming exterior , something more sinister was hidden .
va	7	Once the doors are wide enough , Warrior glides into the dock and settles onto the deck .
va	10	We came to a big trawler which took up almost the whole canal .
va	9	Nevertheless , he loved everyone in their own way and justified each of them as far as he could .
va	6	The lank straight hair and beard were just the same , but his bearing was somehow different .
va	5	A few minutes after ... " There you go Bahl Bazaar !
va	10	That must mean they were moving as well .
va	11	I 'm going to take you someplace wonderful .
va	5	The good , the bad , the beautiful , the ugly , the pleasure , the pain .
va	7	Chris went thoughtful for a while before he spoke .
va	8	Flashing the light ahead of me , I ran through the tunnels , ignoring the cobwebs and bones .
va	7	Mana put the cup in her lap and put both arms around her .
va	9	How hopeless it was to fight the system ?
va	7	He was working with my dad .
va	7	" Think about it , the wind is a force , a kinetic .
va	10	The new information , however , proved that they had been to Earth before .
va	9	They had moved into their summerhouse on the last full moon .
va	5	' Just you wait and see sunshine ' .
va	6	The bags under his eyes were as black as his hair and unkempt mustache .
va	8	Here you try it , " Andy said holding the Talisman out to Tim .
va	9	What are you going to do now ? "
va	11	He considered that , then decided to press on .
va	10	The look on Rafe 's face assured him that his efforts had been to no purpose .
va	11	I can 't talk about Noah , or I 'm going to throw myself into her arms and cry .
va	9	Make sure they were safe .
va	5	At least he wasn 't a " one night stand " .
va	8	" His Majesty sends his greatest respects and requests your presence at the palace immediately . "
va	10	Anyhow , all he cares about is being War Chief . "
va	8	" Hey , you know what they look like ? "
va	9	He wanted to see Maria desperately and he wanted to find his mom .
va	11	That thing what used to be a living man stopped and dropped to the ground .
va	5	Oh , well , she thought , it really is a nice parasol .
va	8	We should be achieving victory on every front !
va	9	We need to get either some distance or some altitude . "
va	6	" Maybe , m ' lady , " Liam said , " but they 're still coming . "
va	5	' Well , well , ' murmured Bruno .
va	7	' There probably are spiders and rats , ' I said , ' but they won 't bother us . '
va	11	He suddenly understood why the enemy was standing silent on the shore .
va	8	Her shoulder length jet-black hair , piercing green eyes , button nose and shapely figure were certainly a pleasure to behold .
va	8	Course you already know that from reading my book .
va	9	Luckily , I get distracted by my body going crazy .
va	10	" Are you going to help her ? "
va	6	The future of your own race is in your hands . "
va	11	That delayed me , though , and I almost lost your trail when you crossed the rocky spurs of the hills .
va	6	We climbed around and around and around .
va	8	Brooke runs to greet him .
va	11	It was impossible that she could have followed him , but there she was .
va	11	' We reckon we 'll shift them in weeks , ' Raphael said .
va	5	His hair , soft and black , had neither receded nor greyed .
va	9	" We 're going to have a positive influence here .
va	7	There were green , orange , purple garden salads with white dressing and sprinkled nuts on the top .
va	10	We just need three more -- " " While a maniac tries to kill you ! "
va	11	A couple of scientists in suits followed behind him , each carrying a pair of silver cases in their hands .
va	7	" It is as I thought . "
va	6	" Oh , that was a smart move , " James laughed .
va	9	Are you ready for us ? "
va	10	The airport security office reported detaining an Asian on weapons charges .
va	9	When the crowd was gathered at the lectern , he spoke .
va	11	I kicked faster and faster , moving upwards , the massive pipe snaking at intervals .
va	9	" I will direct the transaction as I see fit .
va	5	" Hang yer ass out an let fly ! "
va	9	This time they followed dad 's instructions and their " innocent " stroll went off without any mishaps .
va	9	At first , the snow flowed over me like a gentle stream of water , but that didn 't last long .
va	7	The villagers are really an interesting lot , and already I have made a few friends .
va	8	My SatNav directed me to an upmarket Close on the other side of Sleaford .
va	8	The only thing still binding him to this world is regret , and with every admission , the phantom fades imperceptibly .
va	6	This action of Callum 's , last night and just then , she felt was profound .
va	10	At least , when they 're in contact with their weapons that is .
va	9	Finan 's lips moved as he repeated this assurance over to himself silently .
va	7	This time , the silence that ensued was almost deafening .
va	7	Smiling , he turned to Sarah and pointed .
va	9	But how can I resist the one woman I truly love ?
va	6	" Hard to say , " he began .
va	8	He then called out , " Jess , I want you to snap pictures of this entire tunnel . "
va	9	Do you have children ? "
va	8	" I 'm a little bit confused , " Melody admitted .
va	8	Whatever his delusions , he remained loyal to his order and was a brave soldier , if a bloody scoundrel .
va	9	That 's if you can find any .
va	7	Nothing to be alarmed about .
va	5	Green jungle fatigues and boots , well armed , disciplined soldiers .
va	8	As her impression of their true selves faded , some small barb remained .
va	9	He wanted to turn men into angels . "
va	5	The Golden Gate , oddly enough , lay open .
va	9	We stopped on the edge of a brightly lit , circular vertical duct .
va	9	Lord Rafe 's eyes were again fixed on the flames in the fire place .
va	8	The doors closed and the lift started to move .
va	8	Seeing none , he then began to sew up the exposed wound .
va	7	" Uhm , gee Baron , there wasn 't any keys that we found .
va	9	The odor was thick from the decaying oils of the skin .
va	9	There is nothing to rush for !
va	9	Whether he liked me or not .
va	8	Were her conscience any less demanding , she would have killed him with her initial assault .
va	10	Hailey knew she couldn 't continue waiting .
va	8	As they stepped onto the wooden deck , it creaked underneath their weight .
va	7	The guys all gave Josie dumbfounded looks .
va	7	Logan looked over at me and grasped my shoulder , shaking it .
va	6	" He looks unfriendly , " John said .
va	10	Black Scorpion said , " They will take care of him before much longer .
va	8	Oh , you boys look good enough to eat ! "
va	7	Lilly Ann walked up to Helen Spade and looked her squarely in the eyes .
va	11	A small egg crate in the corner appeared to contain some canned goods and a bag of dried beans .
va	6	Both the history text and the biology text were predominately red , at least on their spines .
va	10	Still , deep down , I think you meant to survive .
va	8	" But you are so great with kids , " Taylor tried to get a word in .
va	9	He broke down and cried for the first time over the loss of his sister .
va	11	A few tears later she stopped , scrubbing her face on her soft tiered skirt , never one for prolonged weeping .
va	9	Me , all I 'd had to do was watch and wait .
va	8	" Look , why don 't you rest for a bit ? "
va	9	It smells sooooo good in here , " groaned Jessica , rubbing her stomach .
va	7	Every was yelling now , his cheeks flush with anger , and he raised his arms in dissatisfaction .
va	8	We had desired a bit of privacy after our evening ordeal .
va	8	He would kill them all if he could .
va	8	Ted grabbed a can of pepper spray off the kitchen table and clipped it inside his front pocket .
va	9	He appeared smiling about twenty minutes later .
va	9	" Except they 're not all of ' em , " Gavin said from the window .
va	10	A moment later she came up spluttering , mock angry at his rudeness and splashing water in his face .
va	11	If we don 't the boars are just going to make a meal of them . "
va	7	" Without you , it 's cold here , " she whispered , " But I 'll find out the answer .
va	8	" Completely , doctor , " David replied back with a smile of understanding .
va	7	But this wasn 't about me .
va	10	We think of evolution in terms of slow physical changes over extremely long periods of time .
va	7	I was too stupid that I cared .
va	9	Do you need help ? "
va	8	Twenty quid it is , or you get nothing . "
va	7	Jumping the small gap , the last two gang members grabbed the gangway 's hand rail and ran up the steps .
va	7	Neil could hear his own heart beat in his ears .
va	11	" Wait , does that mean that you guys ... " The signal cut off as the timer ran out .
va	9	We 've been waiting for you , " said Ron .
va	6	" They 're coming ... half their force ... corvettes and mantas . "
va	9	" What are we supposed to do then ? "
va	5	Just wow , " Stacy said and they left .
va	11	Eda looked slightly mollified at this utterance in praise of her friend , and Adele flushed with pleasure .
va	6	Under his leadership no one was left behind .
va	11	I sighed , for the thought made me feel needed .
va	11	Monti is more than willing to help track down the dingoes and destroy them .
va	8	Then like madness , all the girls started yelling at once .
va	10	I want to know what happened .
va	8	Two pairs of bright blue eyes met , the one very shy and scared , the other full of interest .
va	7	------- Adele snuggled closer to Charger 's neck .
va	10	Do you think it might be from those dingoes ?
va	8	She stood still looking up into his face .
va	8	He backed away quickly , reaching the door , and then he turned and fled down the hall .
va	6	I should be so lucky .
va	9	Still , we must proceed with the utmost of caution .
va	11	She choked , spitting out the blood that filled her mouth .
va	7	Maybe we 'd better go with her .
va	7	His thoughts were broken by Jennie .
va	11	It was breaking her heart to know it , she didn 't need to hear it .
va	9	Your family loves you even ... you 're not as beautiful as you are now . "
va	10	" And how do you wish for us to fulfill our alliance ? "
va	9	You said you could see her . "
va	8	A grand piano with silver keys and a gold seat sat in the corner collecting dust -- what a waste .
va	7	With a chorus of ' Yes , sirs , ' they started scurrying around .
va	10	I could tell I was in pain .
va	7	She was an irritant to him .
va	10	Maybe there was a chance Noah could love her .
va	9	He looked mad and angry , beating him hard , until the German collapse down .
va	8	" It happens to some of us . "
va	6	After a moment , she nodded and Kennedy waved Rai over .
va	9	" Noah , what are you laughing about ? "
va	9	He knew he was hiding something .
va	11	If they were going to get away .
va	11	Ben said that 's all he heard . "
va	8	The skeletal face of the monster split into a smile of ghastly glee as it raised its sword once more .
va	7	Attempting the first song Calvin locked the groove to Raphael 's drumming like Lego .
va	7	A deep grove of trees obscured the building and isolated it from its surrounding twenty hectares of vineyards and open land .
va	9	You did insist on Italy .
va	7	I 'll say the slide number out loud , and Geoff , you record the results .
va	8	Although Logan remembered his name , his address had been lost in our abandoned trunk .
va	9	I said , " No it 's strictly medicinal in my case . "
va	7	We did do all the fighting ; she could at least take her own self inside . "
va	9	Shoot till it 's down , unmoving , dead .
va	11	That means reading books and playing on the computer at home .
va	10	" There is one man , a fencing master , who would believe us .
va	10	The view changes with a course correction , the dead world sliding out of view .
va	7	They 'd seen each other only once since that night at the movies .
va	11	Something that can keep war from ever happening again . "
va	7	" What can you tell me about the man ? "
va	5	Rafe sent her a scornful look .
va	7	However , I have always been a demon and have never been reborn .
va	9	I mean , how can he possibly know every report from every police department ? "
va	8	That is to be expected .
va	7	The chase and fracas at the platform had left me gritty , sweaty , and generally rumpled .
va	6	He squirmed in his chair .
va	5	Deep in thought , Miriam tied up her stockings .
va	8	The clouds had blown away , leaving a clear blue sky .
va	8	Before his nerves could worsen he strummed a C minor chord with a high F in it to sweeten the sound .
va	10	The whole idea was preposterous but as he watched her it grew on him just as she grew on him .
va	10	I assume he 's taken ill . "
va	9	The man pointed towards Chuck , indicating the building that they sought .
va	9	With a satisfied grin , Roberto left them to be reunited once again .
va	9	You should be in black , as befits the occasion . "
va	8	Helen scrambled to catch up .
va	7	After a moment , the man put down the magnifying glass and waddled over to the bookshelves .
va	11	I remember I was at prom with Kayla .
va	5	Well not all that safely , in the end .
va	9	Then he heard a small sound and his left hand blazed with pain .
va	11	I had to sprint to catch up .
va	11	" You know , this spying business is supposed to be done by volunteers .
va	8	Below him a door slides into place sealing the large bay below .
va	11	She knew she was dying , and she cried because she was afraid for me .
va	8	No one could try them and get away with it . "
va	7	Chapter Sixteen ' The Code ' Dragging our bodies through the air ducts was tough going .
va	8	Laurence started to laugh and me after him .
va	7	Dad 's mouth formed an O , and he surveyed the scene with a knowing look .
va	11	Go , " the Captain ordered , pointing to the ceiling and the men entered the stairwell .
va	10	Mark shook his head and frowned at Jon , motioning to him to stay quiet .
va	10	He 'd found he could easily ignore either .
va	8	My head bangs against the side of the carriage when I do . "
va	6	I daintily , and mockingly , held my hand over my mouth .
va	6	Only the Most High , Sent Ones , angels and demons operated in the spiritual realm .
va	8	For the last twenty years she 'd successfully hidden her true emotions concerning her origins .
va	10	" I fear you will never recover from the experience . "
va	9	They seemed sincere , even if they were out of their minds .
va	5	" Good thing Liam isn 't a bloody self-centered Lupine then . "
va	9	Everyone must have a helmet and properly adjusted body armor , a full canteen and ammunition .
va	10	I know how worried you are .
va	11	" I 'd say we were on the Night Watchman Express , " she said .
va	9	I wasn 't sure we could , but sleep took me before anything more pensive grabbed hold .
va	5	But with a laugh , I stepped back .
va	10	And Logan had been thrown through the air like a rag doll .
va	10	This one was much wider and also curved which finally identify the creatures to the hopeless aristocrats .
va	5	" A long time , " Ricky pondered aloud .
va	8	We 'll probably only be gone an hour or so .
va	7	Terror raced through his body ; his life ; his dreams ; his job ; his friends .
va	7	Olsson slumped against the wall again , his eyes wide in stunned surprise beneath the bullet wound in his forehead .
va	7	Stabbing the air with an imaginary weapon , she ran after Mana and the tall guard .
va	6	" Relax , little ones ; I got upset but I 'm calm now .
va	5	Then her lips twitched , and her eyes crinkled .
va	9	I looked on helplessly , unable to intervene .
va	11	It 's great that you 're doing something with your time , now you 're retired .
va	6	" Not for a long time .
va	10	In the few seconds it took for him to register my actions , I booked it toward the door .
va	8	He opted to ignore it .
va	6	They stumbled through the heavy brush just a few yards .
va	8	Even though most black bears looked alike there was something familiar about this particular bear .
va	10	Do a good job won 't you ? "
va	10	" I like to , " Sarah said , handing the woman a mug of tea .
va	11	A dozen more butterflies soared through the spray near him , dodging clouds of crystalline mist tossed off the roaring waterfall .
va	7	In a hospital in Manchester .
va	11	I looked along the line of aircraft and thought ' one down , three to go ' and clambered out .
va	10	Duels were not something to be taken lightly .
va	7	Running down that trail was longest 15 minutes of the boy 's lives .
va	11	If you 're going to cook Spam , do it right . "
va	5	" This is the reality , at least out here .
va	6	The ceilings are just as high up here , but there aren 't any inner walls .
va	6	" Well , lucky for you , your bites and scratches did not kill us .
va	8	" That 's asinine , " he said , his eyes locking onto hers .
va	9	Ted pointed across the street at the zombie sitting on its front porch .
va	10	To think that after all this time , Salazar still remembered , was still gloating .
va	5	The next time Noel awoke , it was dark out .
va	8	We would have lost the war without you !
va	11	Ethan nodded , " It appears he is telling the truth .
va	8	He ran his fingers down my arms and goosebumps quickly followed .
va	10	They were in great danger of the remaining stairway breaking away .
va	5	With my good hand , I dig out my phone and speed dial Jesse .
va	10	The Prince felt as though the room had just grown lighter .
va	6	I quickly turned and pointed my staff to the other wolves nearly upon me .
va	11	" Do you have any idea how dumb that sounds ? "
va	9	Soon four men returned to the top of the wall , spoke together and then spread out .
va	5	In a silo , in a field , in a prairie , a computer activates a missile launch protocol .
va	8	The common people have been victims of his heavy-handed brutality .
va	7	" A welcome message , and it is well received , " Zelda smiles , considering his proposal .
va	8	" It never even crossed my mind that she might not , " Ted replied .
va	7	Connor took in three deep breathes , sat on the bed , and closed his eyes .
va	9	" This isn 't over , " the angel cried as he escaped into the night .
va	6	" Will be awesome Abby , you 'll see . "
va	10	There was nothing she could have done .
va	6	The closing statement of the offer promised advertising , open houses and network Realtor marketing for an unbelievably , low commission .
va	9	One arm clasped the top of the long shaft , and his muscles bulged in a way that Neil eyed enviously .
va	10	Usually such did not exist from our point of view ... A heavily potentiated chaos and I heard the call .
va	11	Victoria followed Williams gaze to the host display and saw a lifelike representation of herself .
va	9	Dr. Stadler inserted the probe into the incision and began to suck out the excess blood .
va	9	" You know I have my theory on that .
va	8	If what she presumed was true , her life too would be on the risk .
va	9	The black creatures would be as wolves among sheep .
va	10	It is as if they were speaking specifically about me .
va	10	I wondered what 'd happened to you . "
va	9	What makes you say that ? "
va	11	That was easier said than done .
va	7	" I saw you in a dream , " he said , " I guess . "
va	10	" She never had any intention of killing me you know .
va	7	Clearly , neither of the men had any heroics in mind .
va	6	Gabe gets behind the wheel .
va	10	Then he would find a place out of sight and wait for them to pass .
va	6	" No one will recognize you . "
va	6	" How long did you know her ? "
va	10	Shall we get to work ? "
va	9	The others giggled as he struggled to his feet .
va	8	" Why don 't we get out of this infernal palace , and take to the streets ? "
va	6	Eventually , he made his way back to the fire .
va	7	Straight ahead was the bathroom and toilet -- to the right , the kitchen .
va	10	I feel like I 'm failing you on this .
va	8	Instead , she 'd had her heart ripped out .
va	7	No place to go , see ? "
va	6	He took the first ring from the chain .
va	8	It is a fragile candle flame in a dark and stormy world .
va	6	' It 's a bad idea , ' said Red , shaking his head .
va	7	People forgot the human cost of conflict far too easily .
va	10	" Cat , do you have a good count on our friends ? "
va	6	The people 's faces in the photograph were all smiling , friendly and radiant with joy .
va	7	A woman was in the cage , and she looked up at him .
va	6	" Come Eda , then we may all be steady . "
va	9	He felt discouraged upon seeing him .
va	7	The man is a genius in that respect .
va	9	Chris didn 't know quite where to begin .
va	9	You look like you just saw Old Harry himself .
va	10	Melody yelled , alternating now between laughing and sniffing and coughing .
va	9	Then one day they came knocking on Ivan 's door , although he and his family were all Ukrainians .
va	8	Now , to have her in my arms every night is a blessing .
va	6	Sitting neatly in the well between was a large , gleaming silver ball .
va	9	Standing at least twenty feet tall , the doors were large enough to swallow all but the largest vehicle .
va	6	# 42 LOVELY DAY The day was very sunny , but cold .
va	10	" I know some will think my remarks quaint , but civility and courtesy are important .
va	6	Suddenly a wall opened up and several life forms entered the room .
va	7	In her own mind , she was afraid of it , and actually hid if from herself .
va	10	Well everything you need to know .
va	10	" I understand , but let 's pop into our cabin for a second , " Natalie asked .
va	10	The captain looked down at the frightened child , " Show us this necklace , girl , " he ordered .
va	5	" Yes , " she admitted , " and more fool me . "
va	9	I am going to honor that promise sergeant . "
va	8	Made from recycled automobile tires , they were the most comfortable shoes he owned .
va	8	People want to sleep here !
va	9	Twelve eyes stared intently at him as he emerged from the pool .
va	9	The little shit who had stolen his wife 's earring .
va	6	Among his men , or with his friends , he was assured and relaxed .
va	7	" Let 's get back to this dragon guy , " Jimmy said .
va	9	" Because of what it would do to our view of the world . "
va	8	" Does that worry you ?
va	8	' You 've not started the bubbly , ' Trudie then said tearing the foil off the first bottle .
va	7	" Billy , the chief of police , reported to me about the vandalism out here .
va	11	The family reunion did not go quite as Bradley thought it would .
va	7	Sarah fried up the last of the eggs .
va	11	As far as what people think , that 's one reason I want them conducting this mission .
va	11	Do you want me to try ? "
va	6	Under the shelves were some more boxes , as well as some shovels , axes , and a pitchfork .
va	10	I found a quiet bench near the train platform , and settled in to wait for morning .
va	8	Water began to surge in .
va	8	Got him thinking about it .
va	8	It was the voice of Mike Tomlinson , a young rookie Lucas had taken under his wing .
va	6	At least they put that black bar over my butt . "
va	8	" Ladies and Gentlemen , " cried Reggie , " let 's table this discussion until our next meeting .
va	10	He felt better now although he still couldn 't sit up .
va	10	Maria didn 't have much of an expression on her face .
va	7	When we were old enough , Mom took us on the road to hunt angels . "
va	8	" Colonel , you last saw America 's teeming millions forging through the twenty-first century .
va	10	Better that mortals could not see this , they could not comprehend its entirety .
va	7	Even at his age and all these years he was still a capable fellow , his senses alive and sharp .
va	11	I appreciate what you guys are trying to do .
va	9	" Sometimes the best way to hide something is in plain sight .
va	11	That was assuming Doc had identified them correctly .
va	9	That was too good an opportunity to waste .
va	8	He went quiet after that , staring out to sea .
va	5	Now is the time . "
va	7	Waving Willow and Three Baskets liked each other immediately and were quickly becoming companions .
va	10	" Feds are coming in , to secure the scene , 532 , " the dispatcher advised .
va	8	Our program is far more modern than anything else out there .
va	8	Don 't let them fool you .
va	7	' Well , that should buy us what , a minute or two ? '
va	9	Perhaps he missed this last in the darkness , for he came at me again .
va	8	The officer in charge of that detachment was a young lieutenant .
va	9	' We need to get to the evidence room ! '
va	7	Perhaps he could manage a quick swim later so at least he wouldn 't disgust himself .
va	11	He wondered why he couldn 't seize control of the shapeshifter .
va	8	If he doesn 't see me , hopefully when he looks up , he 'll see you . "
va	9	I had a feeling that they will never come out .
va	8	As they sat on the scorched earth they saw in his hand a simple stone .
va	9	Like a little machine gun , she had thought when she bought the gun .
va	6	A single cold mug of black coffee stood by the sink .
va	8	Liam had chosen the school primarily due to their lower tuition .
va	6	After a few tense moments , a tall man exited the building with his hands over his head .
va	7	He jumped to her , took her into his arms and lifted her into the air .
va	9	Nice to be a part of it ! "
va	7	If we get separated , we 'll meet you at your farm , OK ? "
va	10	He is located in the gallery of the administration wing , " Warrior reports .
va	11	She said , " I didn 't consider it to be a hardship , sir . "
va	6	I put my hand on his shoulder again .
va	9	" This is Tim Reynolds signing off , and until you hear from me again , stay strong , friends . "
va	10	The cousins were doing their best to appear quiet and calm but their eyes sparkled with anticipation .
va	11	Adele did not look up but knew his gaze was upon her , she wondered what he was thinking .
va	8	The cave was large enough for many people to live inside .
va	9	This woman tried to steal from me ! "
va	10	He only gave her a hard look for her advice , puffing furiously at his pipe until he could not resist .
va	9	Mana stood up , and pointed to a door in the corner of the room .
va	9	The boy 's whisper was sharp as he pointed out onto the river .
va	10	They marched past the ticket counters to the escalators in the center of the large building .
va	9	Nevertheless , the boys still needed to find the bride 's parents .
va	8	Nearby , an alarm chirps in the vicinity of the weapons station .
va	7	However , one cluster refused to leave .
va	6	Nasty red gashes blanketed his face , and they continued down his arms and legs .
va	7	" You are one of us now .
va	6	Lucas got back into position , " Alright , here it goes .
va	6	An instant later , the key grated in the lock .
va	9	He would use actual strategy when he attempted it .
va	8	Jonesy checked the outer hatch , which showed a green light .
va	9	Melody 's feet began to slip on the polished concrete floor .
va	8	That was all I knew .
va	7	In less than a week , I 'd stolen the life from three men .
va	9	It was better than driving a cabriolet .
va	9	Nathan walked stiffly a few feet away to breathe in the cold dead air .
va	8	Not all of Europe was back to the way things were before the Revolution .
va	9	The old doctor , seeing the intense fear in David 's eyes , quickly recognized the developing problem .
va	10	" And you don 't have any theories about what happened ?
va	7	Logan snatched the pistol from my hand , turning me around .
va	11	" Ali , do you know who was here ? "
va	10	We 'll be there in less than half an hour , " he said .
va	8	It was time to go .
va	7	" So , " Mike broke the short silence , " there it is . "
va	9	It was just past dawn , the shadows of the forest still long and cool about them .
va	6	My room 's first on the left .
va	10	He had been well looked after and loved by the Australians he had met .
va	9	I leaned down close but didn 't know what they were .
va	7	To Matthew 's horror , the cowboy tossed the lantern - their only light source - toward the creatures !
va	7	I mean , have some coffee .
va	9	Did you tell anyone you were leaving ? "
va	8	Glad to have you aboard .
va	10	John asked Terry if he knew how many where being deployed .
va	10	He made sure a few breadcrumbs were on his school blazer .
va	6	He stood and ate and thought .
va	6	' So , you were here during the Ottoman siege ? '
va	7	" Can you get me out of here ? "
va	7	She shifted the gun to her other hand and wiped the perspiration from her palm on her jeans .
va	7	You never would have known a thing . "
va	11	At another time the vultures would have been comical to watch , but not now .
va	7	They make me sick , " his father continued to rage .
va	5	His men , throughout the building , had a similar disheveled appearance .
va	5	" It 's not - " " Yes , it is . "
va	7	She didn 't turn around even with a look .
va	8	Before you jump to conclusions , I 've already spoken with Paul . "
va	8	Without warning , an explosion of flame ignites all of the torches simultaneously , illuminating the entire cave with orange light .
va	8	" Oh , man , but I was so excited for Spy Games today ! "
va	10	A woman who would lead couldn 't hope to survive without a double portion .
va	9	" He owned casinos in Vegas a couple of decades ago , " Gabe replies .
va	6	That will be a penalty . "
va	7	It was clear and extended a couple feet from the floor .
va	7	" Men are not like us , yet in many ways we are quite the same .
va	6	' Haus is still inside , ' he said briskly .
va	11	I looked over at Alita who smiled back at me .
va	7	I hold up the box of hair dye .
va	8	A sickening crunch echoes through the cavern as the gauntlet easily smashes the thick exoskeleton with a heavy downward punch .
va	9	They wore paint spattered padded shirts , filthy jeans and rigger boots .
va	8	It was only a matter of time until they flushed out the shapeshifter .
va	6	Crouching down , he picked around in the ashes .
va	7	Logan leapt up from his stupor , apathy abandoned .
va	10	You must move around the ship in disguise so that no-one can recognise you .
va	5	That French air , I tell you . "
va	6	Enough people into which six extra could easily disappear .
va	9	That 's what these angels are too , but they 're not working for any God . "
va	8	All at once they stepped from the winding path into the bright light of a clearing .
va	9	I warned you to get going .
va	11	Do you want to go ? "
va	8	" Once you have her in your hands , bring her to me .
va	9	They have far to many advantages and now they know we are here ! "
va	9	He tried to use his spell but it faltered .
va	10	the Prince said , feeling his stomach drop out from under him with no warning .
va	11	" Do I look like I 'm kidding ? "
va	6	The new Kyle had spindly arms and legs , a long , narrow nose , and bluish skin .
va	7	" But there 'll be no quarter , you know ! "
va	6	" We 're both hunters , " he said , " so we know the rules . "
va	11	He was able to identify three distinct sets of prints based on paw size .
va	8	Comments are already in from the British team in the race .
va	7	Mike and Mark froze , beers in hand , lost for words , eyes on each other .
va	8	A grunt left my lips as my hip struck the metal rail .
va	10	The walls were then sealed and teams of engineers and builders began to work on them .
va	6	" Me either , " said Laura , " but something feels wrong here . "
va	10	But it was evident that the cavalry would smash their position in an instant .
va	7	You saw his wound ; you pushed the arrow through his skin . "
va	6	At his waist , his belly bulged outward , but otherwise his body seemed relatively physically fit .
va	10	Mac knew that he couldn 't go for Janelle yet .
va	9	I smell him , the sweat on him , the damp of his clothes .
va	6	Once outside he found hungry dogs , empty beer crates , dustbins , a few random smokers but no August .
va	6	" But I can 't go , " he protested .
va	9	Everything there was as they had left it .
va	8	It 's all delicious , I tried it myself , " said the harpy .
va	7	From that first moment , a warm affection for the nameless girl took hold of me .
va	9	She hasn 't learned that her people are conquered . "
va	11	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
va	8	He had to get them first .
va	6	Every square inch of their small town served as a meeting place for a potential " Mr. Right . "
va	10	Her thoughts kept returning to the Judgment of Swords and Souls .
va	10	I was trying to call you all day yesterday .
va	10	" James , the problem is we don 't know anything , " Tori said .
va	7	The first owner purchased the car new in 1968 and sold it to me in 1970 .
va	9	Once again , I was placing my flesh and blood girl 's life at risk .
va	7	Jumping down from the wagon tongue he tied the reins of five horses together .
va	5	" Now that , my dear , is an expensive secret indeed .
va	10	I will give you until my return to decide .
va	8	Get while the gettin 's good .
va	5	" Go quiet 'em down , Brice . "
va	7	" And your brother wasn 't included , I guess , huh ? "
va	11	" I heard they get out when they turn eighteen . "
va	11	The splinters that used to be my heart broke into more splinters .
va	7	" ' Tis the cold and being hungry , " answered Rafe , passing a tasty morsel to Eda .
va	7	More than six feet tall , the man was a prime warrior .
va	9	Come to think of it , why would she be so sad ?
va	8	he said , locking his wheels in place .
va	7	Which may not have been an accident .
va	10	They had teleported from the office building directly to another planet .
va	6	" I never knew this , " Kim Stark said .
va	5	" Remember , she is not a girl .
va	7	At each step , we could hear raucous calls from the kitchens above .
va	11	Do I have to do everything myself ? '
va	6	His knowledge of the world astounded her .
va	9	" Not just our unit , " she said , emphasising the ' our ' " Outside as well .
va	8	I have a good friend in the current President , but the opposing candidate doesn 't like me very much .
va	7	yelled Tommy snapping Ricky back by the shirt collar and throwing him to the ground .
va	6	He relaxed a bit ; apparently nothing major was wrong .
va	6	Her young heart immediately reached out to him .
va	8	" It certainly has made an impression on our little friend . "
va	7	Believe me ... " " I do , I do .
va	11	It meant we had to work harder .
va	7	We put him food through the hatch , but he just threw it up the walls . '
va	6	Lady Adele 's brow furrowed in concentration .
va	8	It is a constructed thing , without feelings or thoughts of its own .
va	10	We decided to keep Dr. Eva in the dark .
va	10	I 'm sure you must be parched . "
va	5	' About the space program , yeah ' Calvin said .
va	6	Instantly , he fell overboard and floated downstream .
va	10	said Victoria , raising her voice and leaning over Toby 's shoulder .
va	6	' Daiquiri por favor ' Sasha replied , I liked her style .
va	6	Hector 's voice trailed off and he sighed .
va	7	She was falling for the pirate .
va	6	" You staying in the Windy City for the weekend , too ?
va	9	" Did you really think yourself my superior ?
va	10	I think she likes being pampered .
va	7	" Giorgio , you are the most honest person that I know .
va	8	A small force lay in formation ahead of me .
va	10	" First Sergeant , the Captain asked me to let you know we 've got deployment orders .
va	11	she asked quietly as he turned to face her .
va	8	He kissed her on the head and sat down beside her to eat .
va	10	She thought about it for a moment , " What would you tell them this time ? "
va	9	I said in a low voice while Reid relieved him of his weapon .
va	9	Everything was going to change tonight .
va	7	" What do I do with you ? "
va	8	You may be right , any of us could be right , or we could all be way wrong .
va	6	Her look softened and she grasped my hands .
va	11	Destro opened a small pouch on his belt and took out what looked like a smart phone .
va	11	But there is something you need to know .
va	7	With precision , they rowed to land .
va	9	I didn 't want to fight it .
va	11	The tree-lined lane was suddenly illuminated , as if God had turned on the studio lights .
va	10	This first impression of smell was stifled by another sense , this one of touch .
va	7	The patient 's trembling now turned to full blown tetanus , his muscles straining and pulling his quivering form rigid .
va	9	I looked at the cover , ' Road to Recovery ' by Tony Wilson .
va	10	Tate rose in her stirrups to see a tiger overhaul a yearling calf .
va	7	The angles on those patterns seemed wrong , strange , unlike anything he 'd ever seen before .
va	9	" The Air Force never gives out that information , but I think it was fuel starvation .
va	10	Unlike the hurried mornings of life back in the States , the days now began slowly and intimately .
va	11	He thought she was the prettiest maiden in the forest , and his heart belonged to her .
va	11	It makes me want to kiss him .
va	6	Not that I could blame her .
va	11	She had to pretend to be Beatrice .
va	11	She was beginning to feel pleased with herself .
va	8	I 'm going to hurry .
va	9	It brought back memories of travels with Clancy in days gone by .
va	5	Dried peas , taters , carrots , sausage , bacon , salted pork and other necessities filled their stores .
va	6	Behind her , only a few yards away , a figure crept silently through the shadows .
va	7	The Arbiter gathered the file together and slid it into an envelope , sealed it and dropped it on the table .
va	6	" And now thanks to you , " he whispered , " I live in this world . "
va	5	he blinks and lowers his gun .
va	11	I never imagined this day would come to pass .
va	9	No doubt this is the source of these surprising stores of wealth . "
va	11	Dominick looked surprised to have been asked that .
va	6	" Phoebe Asgard , " Eleanor spits , " that fucking bitch ! "
va	8	came the sound from the darkness ahead of him .
va	8	Something on the back of my note caught his eye .
va	6	Carlos was the oldest , the biggest , the strongest and the dumbest .
va	9	Jacob was crouched at a window , peering out into the night .
va	10	At least Toby was starting to behave like a normal seven year old .
va	10	I have to go away for awhile .
va	8	He laid out some clothes and headed downstairs to Anna 's room .
va	9	Josie looked around , at the stern faces of the doctor and her assistant .
va	10	It had pins on it marking their stopover points and red string marking the route .
va	7	The boy 's words echo in the profoundly silent room , disturbing the peaceful ambiance .
va	9	One end of the platform touched the ground and the other went way up into the sky .
va	10	He watched in his rear view mirror as the truck also turned left , now a mile behind them .
va	9	Standing a foot apart he wondered if he 'd kissed her too soon .
va	7	I should be lauded , not condemned !
va	9	There is nothing to live for .
va	8	" We are classified as pirates actually , " Jason replies with amusement .
va	8	He shrank back into the corner farther .
va	8	" I didn 't see him , not sure I 'd recognize him anyway , " she replied .
va	9	Global warming was a topic that the two of them often discussed .
va	9	" When you 've written about clichés , you 're able to spot them .
va	11	" Let 's see what you 've got here . "
va	6	It didn 't look pretty .
va	5	Julian and Amelie , Veronique and Mortimer , Bishop and Fiona ... Max ... Caden .
va	7	" Is it raining again ? "
va	7	I slammed the door shut .
va	11	His moccasins also had rattles that made clacking noises when he danced .
va	10	" The news didn 't say , but I 'm glad you 're safe .
va	11	It didn 't look like she was wearing makeup , but her face radiated elegance .
va	6	I asked , " Are there any others ? "
va	9	She had feared being murdered once .
va	8	I paused on the edge , took a deep breath and gripped the guns tightly in my hands before jumping .
va	10	" You think Bob was in on it ? "
va	11	Obviously he had tried to flee to the castle , but failed .
va	9	The unfortunate soldier looked from one to the other of the men and lost his power of speech .
va	8	Good riddance , " she declared at last , voice firm and cold as ice .
va	8	Instead , the lad collapsed , bleeding onto the parapet .
va	6	Ben and I both turned around sharply and there stood Raziel , arms crossed and scarlet eyes blazing .
va	9	" I 'm going to kill Essa . "
va	11	More about how it 's going to affect Sky .
va	11	Brenda clasped a hand over mouth to stifle the shock she felt .
va	7	Come back here , you -- " Miriam managed to twist loose .
va	9	He stopped near the head of the table and came to attention .
va	7	Pulling the chain , I stepped out of the cubicle and a moment later was washing my hands .
va	10	You 'd better put some distance between yourself and this place , " Melody replied .
va	8	" Really only useful in a one on one situation , though . "
va	11	Music came from the floor above mixed with the street sounds floating up the stairs .
va	6	' No , sire , ' he said smoothly , ' I have been very fortunate . '
va	6	" You can have her ! "
va	7	" But you got brought here , " he continued , " and so now everything is more complicated .
va	5	No cell phones , internet , television , or radio , all gone .
va	11	In extreme cases , if necessary I will with diligence do my utmost to thwart your every endeavor .
va	8	The sun was not yet up and a cool breeze blew down the mountainside behind them .
va	6	The man pulled the plodding cart horses to a halt .
va	8	Then he walked into the field and up the bare hillside below the pond to be alone .
va	7	The ground was truly dropping below them , now , in a steep , rocky descent .
va	6	" Ascending through 58,000 feet , turning her over on her back .
va	8	Once finished , he tossed his stick on the fire and they both watched it burn and sizzle .
va	6	Still , we all choose , perhaps not our pasts but certainly our futures .
va	11	I knew I had to do my duty .
va	7	" The Department of Agriculture had a division called ' ripe bm ' ? "
va	5	This definitely was not a dream .
va	6	" Anything there from Wendy ? "
va	9	Joe immediately started tugging at the pouch 's drawstring .
va	9	She was still worried , but the tension in her gut seemed to have eased .
va	6	He turns around to me , with a maliciously smile .
va	8	She contorted her face and shook her whole body in feigned seizures to demonstrate .
va	9	A full decade had passed since his son 's wedding in Fort Langley .
va	11	He felt he was beginning to singe .
va	6	His father was gone and , for all intents and purposes , so was his mother .
va	9	With those words , he took a final rattling breath and his face settled in a peaceful expression .
va	11	I had to admit that sounded nice .
va	10	" Ms. Sinclair , our space shuttle is a single fixed unit , which stays together throughout the flight .
va	10	She wished her life would end in this moment .
va	10	Lizzie could tell her mom wouldn 't change her mind .
va	5	At last , with a heavy heart , I tore myself away .
va	11	I 'll have you know I 'm extremely beautiful !
va	7	Due to the old legends , you cannot climb there , you will be unsuccessful and you 'll fall down .
va	7	" The shuttle 's tail is four feet high , but I can retract it .
va	11	She looked at Sarah and , if anything , the fear seemed to be more intense than before .
va	7	Claire swung in through the narrow gateway and pulled up outside the building .
va	8	I just thought you should know . "
va	8	Can 't hurt to ask .
va	9	Mana stood still for a long moment , and she opened the drawer of Miriam 's bedside table .
va	8	The cold metal of the barrel pressed against my lower back , hidden away .
va	9	The darker boy flushed , and he edged towards one of the shadows cast by the candles in the wall sconces .
va	5	And the keel is hard maple . "
va	11	" So , what 's the story behind this computer and why is it so important to you ? "
va	9	Sliding his hands back and forth along the base , he finds nothing but seasoned wood containing no treasure .
va	6	He ran his finger over them .
va	8	His arms lay outstretched , as if in supplication .
va	10	" We 're going to make it more beautiful . "
va	7	they have come close . "
va	7	' He liked to doodle . '
va	11	He swung the shelves back in place and reinstalled the hidden pins that would hold them there .
va	11	He 's clearly building to some criminal crescendo , and I wish he 'd just get to it .
va	7	" We hid for a long time , " Gabe says .
va	8	" I hope your right Connor ... " Maria turned around and pointed to the bed .
va	9	he asked , before putting it in his pocket .
va	8	Fate still remained firmly on his side , and that alone would guide events in their necessary direction .
va	10	" A fine day for the Empire , a beachhead on the Eastern shores of the continent ! "
va	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
va	9	He then handed it to Wounded Eagle , when motioned to by the chief .
va	10	The group were all recollecting and analyzing the sights they had just witnessed .
va	11	Richard said looking at Grace who blushed .
va	11	" We need to try to get out now ! "
va	10	In fact , he suddenly realized he had been neglecting Neil lately .
va	6	Instead , he softened his words , lowered his pitch , and told a blatant lie .
va	6	With a girlish cry , the magus crumpled into a heap .
va	6	" You 're on Facebook !
va	8	No one had a mirror this large -- she hadn 't even heard of one !
va	9	" Did you see what he did to those rednecks ? "
va	5	However , despite her tireless effort , her hunt was unsuccessful .
va	6	He squirmed in his chair .
va	9	' Now 's as good a time as any to test that theory . '
va	6	The cargo was of much importance to the Falcon .
va	6	" Show me , " he told her gently .
va	10	I know that they were set in motion by other living human beings .
va	9	" He 's not a baby , this is sure is creepy .
va	7	Maybe she could send a word or get some help .
va	8	" Thank you again , sir , " he said , raising his eyes to the president 's .
va	8	The building was free standing , on the edge of a heavy industrial development .
va	11	Do you know where it is ? "
va	8	Beppe shouted as he ducked another punch .
va	7	" What really happened in Tortuga ? "
va	7	She is brilliant , stunning and she is all mine .
va	8	If the plan had failed and Fuchs and his gang were captured , they had a way out .
va	8	This day was the beginning of his greatest achievement , his masterpiece .
va	9	How she lost both her daughters to tuberculosis and her husband shortly after .
va	8	I hope these motors are never turbocharged .
va	10	She continued to turn out the contents of drawers , going through musty closets and opening doors .
va	8	" Of course , I cared , I left my date bleeding to death with some madman on the loose . "
va	11	Long ago it was separated from the cane , and the time has come to return it to its rightful place .
va	9	It 's just the way things are in this day and age . "
va	10	" You 're going to work for the Germans ? "
va	10	My dad thinks I 'm the star of Little League .
va	6	As Charlie expected , the only people in the department were the secretaries , Jodie Anderson and Phoebe McMillan .
va	6	How long were we down there anyway ? "
va	10	He was in a hurry to get back .
va	7	Behind them , Natasha and the rest of the Undertow team were crammed into the H3 .
va	8	He felt in his pocket for one of the biscuits .
va	9	I tried to lift my head but it felt like a dead weight pulling me down .
va	11	Bravely she watched as the waves pounded down on them , Roberto barking orders through the thunderous clouds .
va	10	" I know what it is , George , why are we going there ? "
va	10	They could have moved me anywhere to do that .
va	11	" I don 't see your father trying to set a good example ! "
va	9	He stood up , " Trooper Mac will be okay soon , I boiled the sugar off . "
va	10	" You cannot be such a dog as to do this thing !
va	7	" This helmet is too big for me , Mom .
va	8	" Well these people had to live someplace .
va	11	How many more dingoes are infected that we don 't know about .
va	5	( She sighs , looks around the room ) Well , maybe I didn 't .
va	8	' Would you like something to drink ? '
va	5	Or maybe , ' drugs are never good entertainment , right ? ' "
va	7	Lowering his lips back to hers , he scooped her up into his arms and carried her back to her bedroom .
va	9	Chapter 5 : Black Tea Wolf Eyes came toward the village by way of the mountain path .
va	6	He took the final step and grabbed my wrist .
va	8	Why would he offer you a job as an aid ? "
va	10	Iain was killed by someone he knew . "
va	6	Her clothes were long outgrown .
va	7	The bottles shattered on impact , the noise surprisingly loud in the quiet suburban night .
va	9	" Because she is the answer to their prophesies ! "
va	9	This weekend , I want each of you to pick a question and write it down .
va	6	The conclusion was definitely suicide , no note had been found .
va	10	Again , the shapeshifter began to be riddled by bullets .
va	10	I suspect I know what it is .
va	7	What do they bring against us ?
va	8	Well you can imagine the controversy surrounding that !
va	8	You can have the knowledge , but not the recording , it 's too dangerous .
va	8	Though they had already eaten it was still quite early and the sun was just breaking the eastern hills .
va	8	The air carries scents of pine sap and loose soil .
va	10	He looked up into the eyes of the Seeker , and told himself he was being foolish .
va	7	Josie felt sick to her stomach .
va	7	he asked , his voice dangerous , like the anticipatory rumble of an active volcano .
va	10	Tim opened his mouth to say goodbye , but Andy had already gone .
va	7	My mind seemed incapable of logical thought , and all the sounds around me became extremely loud .
va	10	And what , truth keep them , do they need me for ?
va	11	Field training takes over and Jason whirls about into one of many proficiently learned combat stances .
va	6	They walked him into the kitchen .
va	7	The rest of Alejo 's team had stayed behind in Peshawar .
va	9	" I think it 's time to sell the plane .
va	11	She often slept in whatever she planned on wearing , but now she had on shorts and a sports bra .
va	6	my voice is all breathy , more air then sound .
va	10	A faint blush stole across her cheeks before she could snap at him .
va	8	They clawed and bit at the agonized calf like kittens with a mouse , learning their strength and perfecting their technique .
va	5	Half an hour later , 2 hours until dusk , the first Scottish guns opened up .
va	11	A person who is not kicked around , who wins fights before they even start .
va	9	Tranquil Lady would go home with her son Wounded Eagle , and the rest were dispersed throughout the village .
va	5	A short pause , then Peddle 's , one office nearer and that much louder .
va	8	Get ready to fight . "
va	9	" For now , there 's a temple with our names on it .
va	9	She would show them that Miss Cantwell was entirely wrong .
va	8	' I really don 't have time for this . '
va	9	Turning a corner Amy felt a rush of nervous excitement seeing the stage .
va	10	as they came within sight of their destination .
va	7	Rage replaced the joy inside my chest .
va	8	" This was Willie 's idea , " Lilly Ann announced to Taylor , " isn 't this fun ! "
va	5	" General , your offer is very generous .
va	10	" You 'll have plenty of time to talk later , k - " Franks started to say .
va	9	I knew that they had heard it , too .
va	8	Chapter 29 : Friends in Need The day began with a pleasant surprise for Noah .
va	7	Angelique shuddered , both at the reference to the dead Arab and the suggestion .
va	8	" You are just a statue , a piece of gold .
va	10	" Who 's going to stop me ?
va	7	He had escaped this strange land once before , but how could he go back without Noelle ?
va	7	Wry leaned out from his covered position and fired .
va	8	The plasma screen had a frame made from a genuine wooden window .
va	9	" Forever , if I have to .
va	6	' Oh crap , ' someone murmured dully from the front seat .
va	10	" Maybe for you , but not for the rest of us , " said Victoria .
va	8	They weren 't dead of course , but I couldn 't tell from their appearance .
va	10	Another hour passed , leaving her more lost than before .
va	8	During his thirties , after selling his third company , he invested heavily in internet start-ups like Google , netting billions .
va	8	" There 's nothing here for you , Connie . "
va	7	After all , what harm had been done ?
va	7	He dove , rolling away from the rounds and came up firing .
va	7	Neil shrugged , and lay back on the bed .
va	5	" Not at all , " the other two said simultaneously .
va	11	He looked to choose another man to kill .
va	9	" If I may , I think I can clear up any confusion . "
va	7	If no answer , we kill you this night , and we take both - woman and child !
va	7	As he sipped , he saw something in the distance off to his left .
va	6	Why couldn 't that really be you ?
va	10	The men had stopped working on the small boats and there was a flurry of activity in the camp .
va	5	" Here we are , my boys , " he voiced out .
va	5	" You ... you named the chickens ? "
va	6	Not a single soul enters this town without your knowledge .
va	6	Her bared hands grip the wheel fiercely , her skin stretched white across her knuckles .
va	11	They went down the opposite path , which was nearly identical in length , and did the same .
va	7	' Victor 's the Head of our Counter Terrorism Section . '
va	5	Two other guys , Liam and Jason , both nod their agreement .
va	5	I did a quick glance back .
va	9	Thank God for being tall .
va	6	Target in sight ... 10,800 feet ... air brakes out for 1 ... 2 ... 3 seconds ... air brakes away !
va	7	" On Bath St. keeping an eye on Jennie ... . .
va	9	Don 't want my own hygiene to derail the plan .
va	6	The two new friends rested atop the hill for the night .
va	9	He yanked his hands from the keyboard as if he had received an electric shock .
va	11	For the first time in days he was happy , laughing as his father dragged him through the water playfully .
va	9	I am more than happy to assist this time around . "
va	9	He made me look at him .
va	8	no rush he 's dead ! "
va	7	The agency took no chances with its employees and the secrets in their heads .
va	8	It was my plan that we take her . "
va	10	By my hope of being saved , I 'll tell you I never saw a man as good with a gun .
va	11	He just knows everything about the stuff I 'm interested in .
va	5	Then again , with him , anything was possible .
va	8	" Today hasn 't exactly been our day for luck . "
va	11	If so was it simply a question of disobeying an unlawful command ?
va	5	With a loud clank , noisy mechanical gears raise the door .
va	11	You must be tired of talking about Spy Games .
va	6	" I 've got the right place . "
va	9	I decided to ignore them all .
va	8	The tall thin man in Joshua 's scope slowed to a jog as he saw the bodies .
va	10	But ... but my feet were tied .
va	7	" Hand me the lead , would you , David ? "
va	10	" It 's a pleasure to meet you Lyudmila . "
va	7	The mistake has been set right . "
va	8	He had to be here .
va	8	" Firstly , Shakespeare died a long time ago -- so how could he have got here ? "
va	10	Sofia wanted to tell him about her vision but she hesitated .
va	5	" Feels a little breezy , otherwise it fits quite well . "
va	9	He held Brand 's hand just so that he wouldn 't run off .
va	6	" Well , we ain 't got enough men here , either .
va	5	" Steve ... " " What 's your last name ? "
va	9	" Why , " she asked , genuinely curious , " why do you want to marry me ? "
va	8	I try to snatch a breath .
va	9	She moved past him to where Dan was dozing .
va	11	That 's all I can tell you on that subject . "
va	8	" Lilly Ann said the same thing , ask Lilly , but can I really put that on her ? "
va	7	On the ground floor , a study lined with floor to ceiling bookcases looked out onto the lake .
va	7	We could just wait here , " Dave said .
va	7	The sun shone as never before and its rays were as soft as silk .
va	5	But with those two , you could never tell .
va	9	It 's probably just someone needing a part or a patch up job . "
va	5	" Our father killed Robert Thane .
va	9	He knew he had made the right choice .
va	9	Everything seemed to live in mangroves .
va	10	* * * * * I cannot describe the terrors that followed that night .
va	8	Cisco disappeared and Faro went back to the Captain 's cabin , no doubt .
va	8	" Now , what 's all this ? "
va	6	... ready-to-eat meal with utensils not only optional but generally frowned upon .
va	11	OK , here 's how I propose we go about this . "
va	6	And then , ever so gently , he pushed her away , sat up and shoved his T-shirt back down .
va	8	The final decision was to give it a week .
va	6	' Just in case , ' I added with a shrug .
va	9	He had no stomach for watching such a pitiful sight .
va	8	This brought a loud cheer in the form of roars from the Sphinx .
va	8	Bending down , John picked up a skipping rock and nailed the coon right in the teeth .
va	10	" Just happens to be a jewel smuggler , huh ? "
va	7	After several swells hit the boat , Maggie almost lost her balance and then pulled her feet out of the water .
va	9	We will have the highest geostationary satellite ever put into orbit .
va	10	Didn 't you like kissing me ? "
va	10	They may not know where we are , or even that we are here . "
va	11	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
va	5	" Well , the front gate , at least . "
va	9	It 's the most evil trait the Human population possesses and some have it more than others .
va	7	When John got in , he found the opening for his room and jumped down .
va	11	His captain was not to be dissuaded , and it would be wise to be quiet .
va	10	Thank you for inviting me to stay . "
va	6	His voice rose to a frantic pitch .
va	11	Let this be a lesson to all of you !
va	8	her stubborn protest made him shake his head .
va	7	By then , a pounding headache was already hammering at my temples .
va	10	Kung asked shifting the mortar bipod he was carrying from his left shoulder to his right .
va	11	The noise level in the assembly rose dramatically as everyone started discussing various matters at the same time .
va	11	That was a long journey , even for someone who hadn 't slept all night .
va	7	She got the message loud and clear and took a step back .
va	10	She was being assisted by White Flower , one of the village midwives .
va	7	Sarah found Seamus in the back bedroom .
va	9	The Faith have taken on a new way to identify their membership .
va	7	Both parents put down their knives and forks and looked at her in shock .
va	9	" how nice to see you again . "
va	8	Roberto helped her to dress and Enrico asked .
va	8	You hold him in your arms and he is naught but a scrappy little thing .
va	6	" Besides , " he added , " you 're just a child . "
va	7	But a few years ago , Martin began introducing massive new policies .
va	7	Dickie and his wife lived in Hereford ... ... .
va	6	This wouldn 't be so bad .
va	7	Lo rolls up my shirt , but he isn 't making any jokes .
va	11	The group filed out leaving all the notes on the table destined for the shredder .
va	5	At that moment , I didn 't care .
va	9	Noticing the panicked expression in Claire 's widened eyes , the doctor handed her an information booklet .
va	9	Smaller teams had worked their way inland to search for isolated pockets of friendly troops .
va	9	His mother had been called into a special Senate session and they went to the teleport to pick her up .
va	7	Descending the stairs , I found Logan and Jacob , similarly dressed .
va	11	" I must take you to the Augur Collegium and see if they will admit you . "
va	9	" You mean , you don 't want to marry me ?
va	7	She was ashamed of herself .
va	9	His legs pumped furiously as he churned through the deep snow .
va	9	What 's more is that I 've seen Fuchs act .
va	11	They kept their masks on as they crossed the road towards the waiting escort troop .
va	7	No matter how unproductive and desolate it becomes , the landscape remains a gargantuan display of beauty .
va	9	Liked it enough to rejoice .
va	9	These people form tight-knit little families which make up a larger tribe .
va	6	And we dealt the JP populace a crushing psychological blow . "
va	7	Flaherty considered what he knew .
va	9	They had reached the place in no time and she was thankful of it .
va	6	My name is Alistair Quack , BA , MA , PhD , AMA . "
va	10	He saw a small tickle of a smile on her lips before she returned to the bear 's side .
va	10	She turned to walk back to the house , praying that John was there .
va	6	" Normally the ship might , but right now the rainbow bridge is closed .
va	6	Syd held her hand out , fingers spread wide .
va	9	He stepped away from the wall and crushed the cigarette butt in an ashtray on the table .
va	5	' Mr Southgate , I presume , ' he said .
va	6	With the injured loaded , the other braves jumped into the canoes .
va	9	Maybe no one had impressed him before as she did now .
va	10	People were stampeding all over the ship as if they were possessed , clambering to the barrels on the lower deck .
va	10	Gabe exclaims as he wrestles the dingy white hat from his bag .
va	11	But I couldn 't stop the tears as I set all but one of the usual places for dinner .
va	11	The rest of his group didn 't look too happy about sitting with Brazen , but did as directed .
va	8	Amy joined them shielded her eyes .
va	5	" Hello , dad , " I said , " happy upcoming . "
va	5	" Looks great , " I said .
va	5	But with all his faults , he always made a bloody good cavalry .
va	8	It 's a risk worth taking .
va	8	He darted after her , reaching for her sleeve an instant too late .
va	6	" Come on , we better get ready , I don 't want my arse flamed . "
va	6	He does not attend any classes ?
va	9	" What do you think military orders are about ? "
va	7	By the time Alejo closed the door , his team was already making themselves comfortable .
va	7	" Mr. Richmond , congratulations on a successful flight , " said General Saunders , the Nellis base commander .
va	6	Sometimes we are successful and in others , well , the less said the better .
va	5	" Drew Wheeler , Newton Shaw , Clementine Carver , Grady McNamara , Esteban Lima .
va	7	You really should use terminology from your own generation . "
va	10	After yelling at his dad in the den , Jude had dashed out the escape tunnel .
va	9	With that , she simply rises off the wall before turning around and walking through .
va	7	Avi and his group , plus the eight illegals , are all in custody .
va	6	Ted and Melody ate their breakfast quickly and washed the dishes .
va	6	The unwanted visitor was a burly guy , broad shouldered and taller than most men .
va	7	Over and over again the terrifying shrieks echo throughout the large room .
va	8	As she walked across the large cement apron , she remembered the Academy and thought back to her early days there .
va	8	He had his own quest to fulfill .
va	11	Above him was a canopy of branches that formed a tight web .
va	11	As he was rolled , he caught a glimpse of Iceberg lying motionless in the snow .
va	6	Maybe it is just a bluff , " Joe muttered to himself .
va	10	I don 't know if I 'm doing the right thing .
va	9	Having grown all too comfortable answering for him , Navi often fails to accurately capture his mood .
va	8	He 's with five staff members , and I followed them over to Henrich 's for breakfast .
va	7	The past few times , I 'd arrived early and Frankie and I 'd played card games .
va	6	He welcomed her body into his arms .
va	6	" On the ship , I sup ... " Duval cried , " The ship 's motors have started . "
va	11	I wish he would have left with the woman .
va	8	Gan smeared the quills with glue from the pot , smiling at her reaction to the stinking mess .
va	10	It seemed everyone was up before her .
va	9	Noah lay down where the family had slept the previous night .
va	5	In the process she opened up as well .
va	6	" I lost my nerve , Lizzie , " Stephen 's voice was small and cracked and dry .
va	10	And it would be nice to have some company .
va	6	A person could really sneak around then .
va	7	Were they military personnel ? "
va	6	At the same moment , I shout his name one final time , and then collapse onto his chest .
va	7	" NO FUCKING WAY , " yelled Alison , stopping everyone in their tracks .
va	9	The ride down the Dolphin Expressway did little to settle his mind .
va	9	He held out an arm and she looped her arm through his , smiling up to him .
va	10	He had waited sixteen years for her that he might honour his promise .
va	9	Lisa Everett is suspended in a similar fashion as Aria .
va	5	The same starched black tails , the same tall hat , the same vacant stare .
va	10	She noticed several wooden signs nailed into the trees around the clearing .
va	6	They 're coming this way . "
va	9	He seems to view her as a threat . "
va	8	he asked , his face pink with fresh air and his exertion .
va	8	Also the CIA guy , Tom Ward , I remember him well from those days with Bishop .
va	8	For all we know Taylor gave his life saving the DNA data .
va	10	You might want to get yourself and your guys qualified on them .
va	7	Archie pushed the control column forward and they descended towards the airfield .
va	9	Their flashlights went every which way , casting menacing shadows in all directions .
va	9	He was trying to recruit me .
va	5	" At least Lex and your mom look native .
va	7	" No , Hezbollah has renounced terrorism , " Alejo insisted .
va	7	he panted , and pressed a heavy knife into her hand .
va	8	Taking a few steps back , he expels a deep breath before sprinting forward .
va	7	" All right , sounds like a plan , " Bradley agreed , hearing the noise up above .
va	6	Callum pounded hard and deep , the momentum growing , his consuming orgasm nearly over him .
va	7	David saw several levers and switches and two large crank flywheels , one larger than the other .
va	7	" So , you 're going on your second raid next Monday ? "
va	7	Some held rows of books .
va	9	" Of course , I will introduce you as young researchers but you leave me to do the talking .
va	8	Advances in agricultural production , as well as technologies have led to better crop intakes and a safer work environment .
va	7	Despite everything they were all having a good time and were in high spirits .
va	10	I knew he hated being powerless .
va	7	Beyond this haze I could see the Cosmos and all was present .
va	9	That was certainly something she couldn 't ignore .
va	6	Chapter 13 Over beyond the honeysuckle hedge , the traffic on the bridge was running freely .
va	7	" Haven 't we all , " said Reggie with a grimace .
va	11	" How long do you think we 'll be stuck here ? "
va	7	I asked , " What brings you guys down here ? "
va	7	It carried on for several minutes before finally subsiding .
va	10	Kurt dropped to one knee , laced his fingers together into a step , and boosted Amanda up .
va	10	Daniel was gone half-way to the edge of the old house foundation before Noah bumped Mariposa into action .
va	5	" For a couple weeks , technically , before I ruined it . "
va	9	Anna blinked and settled down , though a frown still hovered over her face .
va	6	An eagle of a man , yes , but not an elderly one , never that .
va	8	So important , I made it number twenty-six in my book .
va	9	" Roberto , don 't you think we must turn away ? "
va	10	Beppe could then ensure that no agent was setting a trap .
va	7	" That does look like him !
va	9	He would insist he go with her .
va	11	Where 's that Purgatory place I keep hearing about ? "
va	9	Our time together is ringed with soft white lighting around the edges .
va	11	I really wished she could see me smile .
va	8	Others showed nothing more than the pink shine of a new burn .
va	11	Somehow I will find a way to be with him always .
va	10	Ryan had been avidly interested in space exploration ever since he could remember .
va	8	' We got on , for a bit , ' Marlon said loosening his grip on his glass .
va	6	Gabe looks at me then away quickly .
va	8	The robin cocked its head to one side , regarding her speculatively from one beady eye .
va	6	Could it be the little girl 's protector ?
va	8	You know , get off on it . "
va	8	" They 've shut down all flights in and out of the States .
va	5	The entire exercise took seven minutes !
va	9	Membership is starting to trickle down .
va	8	They were faint but insistent , like echoes in a vast and watery tunnel .
va	9	He seems to have his head on right .
va	11	" God Almighty , " thought Wendy , " he isn 't even breathing heavily ... . .
va	7	Its jaws yawned at his and snapped together .
va	8	As she stood by the carousel waiting for her bag her startling blue eyes took in her surroundings .
va	5	The target practice , weight training , and sparring was nearly a daily ritual .
va	7	' Don 't go too early , ' I said , ' and don 't fall off . '
va	10	I have no doubt they 'll take it .
va	10	One who is ready for this .
va	6	The larger boy 's head snapped back and up , but he didn 't drop .
va	9	She could not make such a scene upon entering Castle Town .
va	8	Roberto lived them , making it all real .
va	9	Yes , this will be an interesting time , with the stunning woman on board .
va	8	" For fifty years on one has left it except those -- " Again she checked herself .
va	8	" You used to ride a little ? "
va	10	If I wanted to be entertained , I would go to the theatre .
va	6	No one ever made it that far back these days .
va	5	" The water 's cold , too . "
va	6	Over and over I begged , pleaded , demanded , and even once threatened .
va	7	The silence became a sound in his ears , a constant hum .
va	7	His gaze wandered sideways and found the red spot on the hill .
va	8	To call him corpulent would be an injustice .
va	8	Now that he mentioned it , I could feel the car beneath us dragging .
va	9	Dave held the lighter high and illuminated the little reflectors that Mr. Jackson had recently posted .
va	6	A few seconds later , she was done , and she checked her spelling twice .
va	6	His family , on the other hand , had simply disappeared .
va	6	The brothers look at each other , energies syncing again .
va	10	I am so lucky to have you as my wife .
va	9	Ted had to rely on his reflexes .
va	7	he was running up the beach , the cutlass tied around his waist in the same fashion as Jake 's own .
va	10	" Aside from disregarding the Prince of Peace ? "
va	7	" I bet he did .
va	5	We 're not terrorists . "
va	9	Do you see where I 'm going here ?
va	10	The sooner she could stop worrying about him quite so much , the better !
va	8	How could he be late , today of all days ?
va	7	" Mister Haskins , " he said , addressing the Park Service archeologist .
va	7	The carriages are all brought to the palace .
va	7	" So that our boat won 't float away in any direction ? "
va	10	" It 's a pleasure to meet you , Mr. Cole . "
va	10	Do whatever you need to do .
va	6	" Well , there 's Mistress Devlin , I suppose . "
va	7	But before he shut the door he yelled , " Get your evil butts off my property ! "
va	8	He didn 't look sleep deprived at all .
va	8	Are we starting right now ? "
va	11	When slaves drowned in the whiskey in their attempts to get there first , he kept us safe .
va	6	I owe them and you my life . "
va	8	As Ted approached the woman , he could see a look of complete surprise on her face .
va	5	" Ah I see , " Elder Crane responded .
va	11	Frank thought he noticed a tear moving down Jake 's face .
va	9	She was standing with a handkerchief in her hand wiping away the tears .
va	7	He palmed the rectangular piece and glared at me .
va	10	David was torn between setting up a linear blocking position or a classic ambush along the main approach from the north .
va	6	Bart 's tray held a large latte , a croissant , a donut , and three chocolate chip cookies .
va	8	I couldn 't live with all the expectations any more , the stories told in the streets grew and grew .
va	8	the boys hurled back in the face of the unknown harpy .
va	6	Come , escort me back to the palace . "
va	6	At the last possible moment the lioness skidded to a halt on muscular front legs .
va	7	He jumped up and snapped on the set .
va	6	No one , not even Kit or Cooper , was in a jovial mood that morning .
va	5	" Oh , well , I don 't , " he spit out .
va	9	Within warrior 's interior , power begins to fluctuate and systems start to shut down .
va	10	Adele caught Eda 's arm as she made to dismount .
va	10	But the thought that she will go with a lunatic , gave me chills on the back .
va	7	" The game starts in 10 ... " Stacy started , but Tori was already out .
va	7	Multiple enemy coming out of the mine entrance , " he shouted over the battalion net .
va	9	Unbeknownst to the last camel , it carried enough explosives to blow the group to bits .
va	8	She was quite specific about it , without mentioning any particular numbers .
va	9	Furious they fought to regain their balance and stand .
va	8	There was no emotion in Hilda 's voice as she said , " Yes . "
va	8	" We 'll go in heavy and with overwhelming force .
va	8	And chances are that scream wasn 't him .
va	9	" I said they 'd be tough .
va	7	" Tell me about Gema Mason , " she said .
va	8	he asked , voice coming out in a croak .
va	5	" But without the electrical current , there 's really no hope . "
va	7	But the moment I get an opportunity , I will take revenge for this blatant arrogance .
va	8	As I recall it was not so important to you once . "
va	11	That means men , equipment , food , houses , electricity , and whatever else I decide I need . "
va	8	Elaina stopped at the top of the rise , staring out over the endless water .
va	7	" That 'll do nicely , " the big man said .
va	7	' Have any of you performed accuracy landings before ? '
va	6	We couldn 't believe our eyes !
va	8	He got me kicked out . "
va	6	At the top , I could go right or left .
va	5	Let 's just go upstairs . "
va	9	" Let 's see what you 've got " the enormous Peter North said .
va	10	Richard winked at Grace who listened on .
va	6	" We will Josh , " Scott assured .
va	10	It hurt and it was like fire and like ice in the next moment .
va	6	She probably can 't digest solids anymore . "
va	7	The restoration expert saw the boys to the door and waved them on their way .
va	7	Kev , the landlord , winked and turned his attention to Danny and Calvin .
va	7	I crawled to my knees , my ears ringing from the blast .
va	8	Frank was trying to joke .
va	9	" You asked to see me sir ? "
va	10	She did not ask to look at the bone .
va	9	You ... hate me ... .
va	7	I heard a noise and jerked towards the sound .
va	8	Joe managed to gasp out .
va	10	The important thing is that you 're using the implant and improving every day . "
va	9	It wouldn 't stop him , but it made it easier to think , to breathe .
va	9	" I don 't know if that 's a good idea .
va	11	He would just have to stay on his feet and wait .
va	10	Gan said , " Would ' cowardly ' be aimed at me , Uncle ? "
va	11	" Open it and you shall likely see that which is familiar . "
va	5	demanded one of them , a blond boy , in a shrill voice .
va	8	The interior of this building was like a museum of motor vehicles .
va	10	hissed Andy , looking around to see if anyone overheard .
va	10	Here 's a list of what we 've got . "
va	10	Scott had no idea what kind of animals lived in the preserve .
va	10	Where are we with getting security in place ?
va	10	Anyway , she carries the Safe Passage Certificates , so there is no way around taking her along .
va	6	Eda paused in her exertions .
va	10	" We need to see where the water goes .
va	7	you , Whisper , dad , and most likely Steven have all worked for the same agency .
va	8	" You 're in a Med Chamber , we both are , " Aria 's voice explains .
va	6	" It 's definitely not Mayan , dear . "
va	11	I stayed awake and let my mind wander to the dolphin , Maria .
va	8	Finally , disappointment equally matched his puzzlement on the news that the officers were shot and killed .
va	9	" Hungry for Lilly Ann , " Hunt mocked ducking out of reach to avoid Taylor 's punch at his ribcage .
va	8	An hour passes and Zelda feels the life leave her father .
va	9	' Welcome aboard , ' John said glancing at Amy 's shoes .
va	10	Did he wish to make her hate him ?
va	7	Cautiously , Simon guided the horse through the gate onto the road , and he grinned suddenly .
va	10	Ok Kenny , let 's hear what you two have in mind . '
va	5	A sword or two , twigs , rocks , my strength ?
va	7	The garment had no sleeves , and the muscles of his arms looked as big as barrels .
va	7	" I think I have .
va	10	" How are we going to get up to the ceiling ? "
va	10	" This quest of yours has been brought to my lands and injury has now come to one of our own .
va	7	As soon as Jonas finished , he went back to Mia , took her wrist , and pulled her up .
va	6	" Well , do you have a better theory , science queen ? "
va	7	The girl did not hesitate for a second .
va	6	Dad normally slams the door and talks to himself .
va	6	So why , she wondered , did they always lock the door ?
va	5	" I have important news , sir . "
va	6	And then , he took a deep breath and said , " Why ? "
va	8	Eventually , he got funding from a very powerful man named Robert Thane . "
va	9	" The UN can drop a platoon of tanks anywhere they want , with supporting infantry and artillery .
va	7	But after a little while Michael and Ben could see a small dull planet below them .
va	7	" OK , now that my entire body hurts are we done ?
va	11	Finan turned to find her watching him with candid interest .
va	6	" Well , c 'm on , sunshine , we don 't have all day . "
va	10	There were several pierced with skewers , sizzling over the fire .
va	11	Simon , appearing to not have a care in the world pulled the trigger .
va	7	The wolf , appreciative of the courtesy , relaxed some of his vigilance .
va	9	The coach rattled through the army , impaling men on its spiked wheels .
va	7	In space , Warrior looks toward Lance and a blast of energy flies from her nostrils .
va	11	She knew the role she had to play .
va	10	I had to pretend to care .
va	6	" It 's a Directorate forensic team , " I said , and turned around .
va	6	Then , he claps his hands once , and a moment later , an Inquisitor opens the door .
va	9	" If that is what you wish , my lady . "
va	10	First of all , the only unforgivable sins are the ones you refuse to confess .
va	7	I kneel on one corner and push the paper wide .
va	9	" So you 're the king 's protector , are you ? "
va	11	The group moved quietly up some steps to another door which led onto a passageway .
va	11	This ain 't your fight , " he demands with a wholly different tone than they have grown accustomed to .
va	11	I looked around smiling as I was finally free .
va	8	She was so afraid when she got pregnant .
va	11	" I can 't believe he was involved in this . "
va	9	" Um , well , when you put it that way . "
va	7	It looked different and I wasn 't sure why .
va	6	The earl wove his head back and forth , an action his opponent found disconcerting .
va	8	By then , Reid had loosened his tie and paced around the lobby several times .
va	10	When she noticed no other wall was moving , she wanted to cry out for help .
va	9	I pick one from the herd , but it has been nagging at me . "
va	6	" What do they want you for ? "
va	6	Beneath his scarf , Spike 's mouth set in a grim line .
va	10	Durham stood there , flanked by a couple of armed men , surveying the room .
va	10	He could barely hear his voice as a whisper but it did not stop the men from doing their work .
va	11	It has taken my entire life and that of many of my fathers . "
va	11	' It doesn 't explain why they 're after Lucas though , ' he said in a troubled voice .
va	11	There only a camisole underneath , and it had ridden up quite high as she straddled the horse .
va	9	Are you waiting for someone ? "
va	8	Impress me with your performance and we 'll make it a permanent position . "
va	9	If you 're going to hunt monsters with me , you must see things as they are . "
va	6	Most of the time they slogged upriver with the water level somewhere between their knees and waists .
va	7	" I know nothing of your mother . "
va	7	It 's barely dawn and I had a rather long day yesterday , if you remember .
va	9	Much better now that the two responsible for her mother 's death have been removed .
va	8	Mai encourages , delighted by the enemy 's unraveling stratagem .
va	11	That was all that was said for weeks .
va	9	I 'm assured its life span is virtually eternal .
va	10	He would have the money and connections to hook up with the angel network .
va	11	Make sure there 's no fluid in her mouth . "
va	11	He ripped off his scarf and let it dance to the ground with the wind .
va	6	Melody wiggled her hips and jumped up and down a few times .
va	8	The suborder of Healers spearheaded the search for influence , but behind everything was the shadow form of the Teachers .
va	10	It 's not like you 're short of paper . "
va	6	The man 's long golden hair dangled below his shoulders .
va	11	She proceeded to punch some numbers into the remote with the thumb on her left hand .
va	6	My breath wheezed out like an old air-conditioner on its last life .
va	9	How soon we take each other for granted , Sarah thought with a smile .
va	7	The intercom systems of the two shuttles were independent of the radios , and worked over a hundred miles in space .
va	11	" I 'll pay you extra not to ask me for a reason , " I said .
va	8	He covered a yawn as he entered his own cabin .
va	8	Thanks for helping me with all my phones .
va	10	He only noted quietly : " That 's why we all had stomach upsets .
va	11	the man bellowed angrily before turning to the next soldier in line .
va	5	The voice , Claire said , still saying the same thing ?
va	10	" You 've been thinking about this a lot , haven 't you ? "
va	9	Looks like it breaks down by method .
va	8	How can I ever thank Jack and Joe Jack or you two , for that matter .
va	9	The only sound was the low roar from the highway several blocks over .
va	7	With deafening sound , their automatic weapons came to life .
va	6	" Baby doll - " Her hand tightened , he groaned , she stroked and tugged and he groaned again .
va	9	I crossed the floor to the control panel next to the steel doors .
va	7	And Noah cried out to God and Michael cried out with him .
va	9	" We found the spot , but there was nothing there but a deep hole , " Jeff said .
va	10	I 'll talk to her boss and the Chief Constable if I have to .
va	8	You and I need to protect William .
va	10	Billy had decided she and his father could live for another year , contingent on Christmas morning 's gift haul .
va	8	No , it was probably some dumb worthless heirloom like his wife 's wedding ring .
va	7	" They stayed here , in this apartment for about six weeks .
va	7	Riki smiled , a wide grin of pure joy .
va	7	Her bright , inquisitive eyes looked into his , and she nodded to herself .
va	9	Dane appeared from the other side of the rock and carefully approached the body .
va	7	A hurried grinding noise sounded inside as the door quivered .
va	8	" I had forgotten about that , " he admitted .
va	9	I asked as I walked the Alien detective out to his awesome truck .
va	8	Its lips breathe no words but Iris could hear them on her thoughts .
va	10	He sensed rather than saw the two men behind him .
va	11	They described how the people looked , how they acted , what they wore .
va	10	" Impressive , " Garo admits , rising from his kneeling position with an audible smirk .
va	10	Chris had no idea what she was talking about , but nodded anyway .
va	6	Later in the day , Jin received a black envelope with the mission details .
va	8	They cross a bend in the path and disappear behind the hill .
va	10	So in terms of not usin ' them , I 'm afraid it be too late fer that . "
va	9	But that didn 't stop me from looking around .
va	7	She thought a moment , but ultimately gave in and helped him to his chair .
va	9	The unsuspecting man let us from room to room , each more sumptuous than the last .
va	5	" Squeeze out all their toothpaste ? "
va	9	When , or where , or how , I cannot say , nor I think can you .
va	10	Their purpose was to ascertain the child 's future : theirs was the choice whether he would live or die .
va	9	" Adele , I am sorry for any pain I have caused you . "
va	8	Miriam started forward and asked , " Are you from the Island ?
va	7	" Don 't blow her rivets apart , Bob , " responded Jonesy .
va	9	Mana began to pack the stone jug and picnic things in her basket .
va	7	No one could reconcile foreign voltages or disparate scales like Zippy .
va	11	Dan decided it was his time to talk .
va	6	Right and wrong get ... mixed up sometimes .
va	9	Boris lectured Simon whilst still pointing the pistol at Gerry .
va	8	They could point to the electricity , but that ran regardless and was at best an unreliable commodity .
va	8	VIN surged forward , catching his partner in seconds .
va	7	King nodded wearily and went back to cleaning blood from his tomahawks .
va	11	I have to believe it is a full-scale invasion .
va	6	Rick stood and pondered for a moment .
va	9	Simon walked outside with Beppe and helped him pack his bag into the car .
va	7	But before I could change I suddenly found myself outside .
va	7	He reached the bottom safely on his feet , but the momentum almost drove him to his knees .
va	10	Warrior has her flying through space with explosions all around her .
va	8	' One that would be eternally loyal to her . '
va	9	It wasn 't something the always assured Pickett normally did .
va	9	He watched as Dane silently , like a cat , sprinted downhill to a boulder .
va	9	Scott thought him to be in his mid-twenties .
va	7	" I 'll see you back at the car . "
va	9	She 'd been watching with the pillars and saw the stone sail past .
va	8	We 're no good to our friends if we 're dead .
va	8	I overheard two aged men talking after Mass. .
va	8	If you couldn 't have a laugh you 'd go bonkers .
va	10	Each was packed with crowds of residents , and the sounds were almost overwhelming .
va	8	I hit the ground , rolling with my momentum .
va	11	" Your scribe is competent , I am sure , but this is a message I must write myself .
va	8	Let me live and I kill you .
va	5	" Sorry , Miss , I lost my balance . "
va	11	Wasting no time , Garo leaps at him once again , eager to take advantage of his lessened defense .
va	10	' I wish you 'd talk to me .
va	10	We could be dealing with someone removed a few paces . "
va	9	" A real survivalist would 've strangled them all , " he said .
va	6	" Drink once , too , " she said , " a woman is such a miserable creation ! "
va	8	They govern the tribe , along with the War Chief , the Dog Chief , and the Horse Chief .
va	8	It was time to move .
va	5	" Waste of time , I say , all those photographs and measurements .
va	10	" You not tell me what happen with other staff fighter . "
va	11	" But you are also not breaking promises once you make them , quite a dilemma , hmm ? "
va	6	Nothing special , a later model compact car , but it had ice cold air conditioning .
va	9	I was sure that idea would cross their minds .
va	9	" I have most of your things unpacked , and I 've had a bath poured .
va	10	It takes a lot to shock Melody , but this scene had done it .
va	7	Her jaw dropped in shock , and her hands clenched reflexively in anger .
va	11	It was the sort of unfairness his father had practiced .
va	9	" Just something she found in a secret hiding place before she was walled up .
va	6	" Stop it right now , John , " Sarah said .
va	7	It was a simple statement , but it caught the Prince 's attention .
va	8	" As long as I live , I 'll be by his side , my friend .
va	9	Inside rests a small , silver key , which Rift snatches out with excitement .
va	8	Later they let go of each other and ate from the food on the table .
va	7	Blood pressure , heart rate , cholesterol , all within the normal and healthy range .
va	8	" Hard to tell , " Neil said , squinting into the fierce sun .
va	10	Saturday 23rd July 1983 The next day Little Spirit rehearsed for that evening 's gig .
va	9	Suddenly , Napoleon appeared having overheard the yelling and approached the situation .
va	9	Gabriel was repeating a prayer or verse from the Quran in Arabic .
va	10	The door swung open on well-oiled hinges , showing another spiral stone staircase , this one leading down .
va	11	asked Deepa feeling that she was on a roll .
va	8	" It told me to come here .
va	7	" There 's an old motorcycle in there .
va	5	And now you left that job ? "
va	9	" When was the last time you saw my dad ? "
va	8	The captain was furious , cursing him , but he ministered to her wounds and carried us both without complaint . "
va	7	A chorus of cicadas and tropical birds was rising above the canopy .
va	6	The path wound its way for a few miles into the woods without incident .
va	6	" So the guy made this humongous statue out of white plaster or something .
va	10	I guess what I 'm saying is ... ... watch your back ! "
va	8	As she removed the cloth itself , Every 's face turned into a twisted expression of confusion and relief .
va	8	" You are an example to us all Captain , " Red replies sarcastically .
va	5	" Sounds cool , " Missy smiled .
va	8	I think I heard Trudy giggle .
va	10	He seemed to radiate almost as much heat as the fire .
va	6	The aftermath debris was horrible , the whole room and the underground passage up were all gone .
va	7	He almost seek the whole thicket but none of Sofia or Iris had been found .
va	9	Of all of Monet 's works , this was the one I found the most soothing .
va	9	" Problem solved , " she said when she went back to Daniel .
va	11	It was a good sign that Paul Meyers , the Rep from the research labs started to ask practical questions .
va	8	One did not ignore the questions of the Children .
va	11	This one man , this Searcher , is more powerful than any opponent you will face .
va	9	If you tell anyone of this , I will come back for you ! "
va	7	If she agrees , she 'll wear it on her left hand .
va	9	My soldiers will transport you and the residents of Danton to the emergency evacuation sites . "
va	6	" Out here , " I quietly said , " it 's just you and me . "
va	10	You must trust that I have your best interests at heart . "
va	10	I said shortly into the mouthpiece , trying to mask my irritation .
va	10	Her eyes popped open at that one but he could see he had her .
va	10	I 'll always be there , for the three you seek .
va	11	Pierre would tell her about their journeys in great detail depicting Roberto as a good leader although a pirate .
va	6	" Shuffle into the kitchen , " she said .
va	5	The sword , the dagger , the loose clothes , and braided hair .
va	6	" Like any other camera , " Susan said , " Except this one takes pictures of your shadows . "
va	7	The others had long since fallen fast asleep .
va	9	" You still have time to follow the clues and make it back here in first place .
va	7	For quite some while afterward they gestured and regaled each other with hushed descriptions .
va	11	You know you 'd be lost without me . "
va	6	some of it at least . "
va	9	The crawler would search archived data records for matches and perform an analysis of their relevance to the initial terms .
va	7	Respectfully , ORIGINAL SIGNED Brigadier General Nathan Taylor Chapter 16 -- Farewell The last month was difficult for Reggie .
va	7	" The River Guard is strong , she-wolf , " Harald shouted .
va	8	The radio clipped to his belt sprang to life , and the young scientist 's voice crackled over it .
va	10	Red Talon hung the scalps on the pole of one of the shelters at the square .
va	11	" Very well , if that is how you wish it . "
va	9	I applaud you all and thank you from the bottom of my heart . "
va	9	The young man lifted his hand with a dagger filled with blood .
va	11	After climbing upon the saddle the mighty doors are lumbered open allowing the endless wind to dash through .
va	8	He looked for signs that the fire had shifted .
va	11	Plan too far ahead and you 'll fall over the first stone while thinking about the tenth .
va	10	All he wanted to do was rest .
va	9	He checked the bottom shelf for any gaps that a dog could squeeze through .
va	5	" So are you , you figure it out . "
va	10	We 've always assumed all the dinosaurs had scales , but half of them had fur .
va	10	Brazen let the money fall to the floor as he clutched the paper and stared at it in amazement .
va	7	" May I see your identification please ? "
va	5	He shrugs and keeps walking .
va	8	By then , the capsule with only two passengers in it was already commencing to ascend .
va	8	Five steps led up to the veranda without any railings around it .
va	9	The zombie barely seemed able to even sit upright .
va	7	As did the blade of the axe , held over his head .
va	9	It would be a good test of Sampson 's intentions .
va	7	As Silver Bullet II turns her device on , Silver Bullet I 's device is turned off .
va	5	My hands grip his hair , his shoulders and the smooth muscled flesh of his back .
va	8	She leaned back to get a better view .
va	7	The Faith is the action-packed opening to the Uprising Trilogy !
va	10	Two men did indeed fly into here last year , one on a stretcher .
va	10	We can 't abandon the park without making the dam vulnerable .
va	10	Derrick says as he is running to the car .
va	9	A large white passenger van pulled up outside the bar , and Brazen knew the mayor had arrived .
va	9	I forgot you were stopping by . "
va	6	" Man , are you slow ! "
va	11	Sofia trembled seeing the death that lies beyond .
va	11	" Warrior has agreed to help me build my new body .
va	7	In many ways , she 's just as important as you are . "
va	9	Pressing and unfortunate circumstances require us to leave immediately , " said Logan to the man .
va	11	Mr. Clancy came forward as the dull light of the moon peeked beneath the forest canopy .
va	9	" Ja , bring all of them here , I will personally interrogate them .
va	7	And touching her finger to her lips , she glided from the chamber .
va	8	The words marched through her consciousness without leaving a mark .
va	9	He pulled her closer and demanded her to open her mouth once again , passion flowing as they kissed .
va	7	When night fell , the German commanders went their different ways leaving only one guard .
va	8	" What if you 're one of them ?
va	8	Jennings is sitting in Brixton Prison and Tony Wei is in a safe house .
va	7	" Since we 've been shot at together .
va	10	We 've had months of problems with him . "
va	6	" Well , that 's a New York City area code , " he says .
va	10	With sand and a stone he polished the flesh side , at times he added a little water .
va	9	" And I wonder how they manage with the heat ? "
va	10	" But ... if it were up to me alone he 'd come as our prisoner or not at all .
va	5	I called my first crisis meeting .
va	7	But he was a very perceptive man and forced her back to him .
va	11	There Miriam will be forced to work in an underground factory .
va	11	" We 're here to prove that they don 't exist .
va	7	He returned to my bed and he puts himself in the knees .
va	5	" Where is our host right now ? "
va	11	" I deserve to know why my dad was murdered . "
va	9	" But when we 'd killed it we had no further trouble . "
va	11	What do they have to work with at the moment ? '
va	10	I thought this is what you prefer ? "
va	8	She looked around in surprise at the room and what it reflected .
va	7	But this many trees ... " he shook his head , " ... never in my life .
va	10	Other than that we 've been well received . "
va	9	Gema seemed to float above it .
va	10	His wispy eyebrows are blonde like his hair , and they reach for each other as he comes to a conclusion .
va	11	" Once I saw it , as I crouched in a crypt among the bones of a dead king .
va	5	" Stay calm , Nina , " Jared said , quiet and smooth .
va	9	She would have more than a crease if someone had died .
va	10	They wanted an answer , which made the nervous Mouse fidget even more .
va	10	" You can eat , if you feel like it .
va	7	However , a surprise attack by the Japanese , two years prior in December , had ended that position .
va	11	" Because I 'm waiting to see a head come off . "
va	7	Outside the museum , a car was pulling away from the curb .
va	11	Simon proceeded to start his Vespa , whilst scrutinizing outside of the gate .
va	6	" Just as long as you don 't try and kiss me . "
va	6	" No , I 'm a fourth-year medical student here at the school . "
va	9	The sight that confronted her was ... breathtaking .
va	9	He couldn 't throw the torches all the way to the middle anymore ; it was too far .
va	11	" Sometimes we try to stop them if it is a big fire .
va	11	" I wonder if that white thing I saw the other day could have been that child . "
va	10	He looked at me , very serious but with a little smile on his face .
va	10	Eyes closed , she looked pale and tired as he watched her while stripping himself .
va	9	Unless rooting around in dead peoples ' closets counts as shopping . "
va	8	" But it is imperative that you take that site .
va	5	" Ah yes , the lucky one . "
va	9	My head aches , along with other parts of my anatomy that I cannot possibly mention .
va	9	" Madame Fontaine , " he repeated , as if speaking to naughty children .
va	10	I knew you shouldn 't have done it .
va	9	A single chair of much simpler design was placed in the centre of the hall .
va	10	There was nothing more he could do tonight .
va	7	" You had better know , swine , or a great many vastly unpleasant things will befall you ! "
va	5	' Just a precaution , Aunt Pol , ' he told me .
va	11	Do you wish to proceed ? "
va	10	They had a pass to go to the Veterans Hospital .
va	9	" I 've never seen them act like that .
va	11	I don 't know which one I want to prevail .
va	7	Taylor had fun playing with that new clarity .
va	6	Needles digs into my skin and hair .
va	9	A feast was prepared under the blue heavens for all to enjoy .
va	11	She swiveled her head and looked around as if to get her bearings then pointed to the north , northeast .
va	10	It was as if spirits were looking down at her .
va	9	She held onto one of Jimmy 's hands tightly .
va	8	" They alone will decide in which museum these artifacts ultimately reside . "
va	7	The silence beneath me was broken by a soft thump .
va	5	In practice , that 's all a lie .
va	5	On his way out she added , ' Good luck on the shoot . '
va	11	I never wanted this world to become what it has .
va	8	" She 'll probably have a net or two , " Neil said .
va	7	She often wondered if they even existed .
va	9	" I do not know that I could have .
va	6	' The injection site is a bit sore . '
va	10	He took the sentry 's sidearm , cocked it and reached over to take the sentry 's headset .
va	11	On Tuesday morning Amy lay in bed until she heard him click the front door shut .
va	10	Hailey heard the words just as the little body bounced off the leaves above her head .
va	10	' They 're hard to come by , plus he 's got a car . '
va	8	" But you told me to not tell ... " " To not tell him now .
va	5	" Oh , not too far , but I 'm only thirteen .
va	6	In the end , a great brute from the Wolds , named Alfred , defeated Eduard and won .
va	8	Victoria was playing with the large suit , stretching the arms apart .
va	8	Had that been him or one of his thugs ?
va	11	He seriously doubted whether he could have lifted it anyway .
va	6	Neil caught his mood and emitted a quiet whoop .
va	7	Our objective is the mine and with the plague , forces on the ground are pretty thin .
va	7	Put these on and take the other two out to your brothers . "
va	6	Come , Maia awaits , " he instructed , then turned around and walked out .
va	9	Frank 's fingers tapped the pad , overwriting the number ' 4 ' to a ' 40 ' as he spoke .
va	7	It 's a milder climate , and we 've got no winter gear .
va	10	Desperate , he brought his fist down on her chest in anger and fear , willing her heart to beat .
va	11	At least it did seem like she could fight .
va	8	It has to be done .
va	11	One of these would be to load up his cart with his belongings and drive to nowhere in particular .
va	8	It was a small cabin that Susan and I built ourselves .
va	9	" I want to find my mom ... and Aimee .
va	6	On the other side of the border was an abandoned and ransacked military camp .
va	5	A second later the lock clicked and the door opened just a crack .
va	10	Handsome was not a word used in the same sentence with this man .
va	9	" She must have been taken to the dungeon ! "
va	7	Around him the sound of shallow waves relaxed against a cove where a foggy coastline appeared .
va	11	Finally , one of them came over to where the prisoners were standing in a row .
va	7	" No , it 's Saturday , and you 're evading the question . "
va	6	The reek of them came to their nostrils , heavy and foul even in the cool night air .
va	6	" My apologies , Your Highness , " the pathetic card whimpered into the ground .
va	10	' The remains were a pair of hearts , embalmed in individual clay pots .
va	9	She looked back to the young man behind her and brightly smiled at him .
va	7	A rebellious light kindled in Miriam 's eyes .
va	8	" What 's going on here ? "
va	7	All the chefs turned and stared at me with their beady eyes .
va	11	John came round to find himself lying on the floor .
va	6	" I know , " I said , " and it concerns me too . "
va	6	I stowed the rifle and picked up the anchor and rowed home . "
va	5	But I need help . "
va	7	anywhere from ten to twenty miles ... ... .
va	8	" Just watching out for you . "
va	11	" Do you know who Ragnar worked for ? "
va	6	Since then , we have become good friends . "
va	11	Magic was always intended to be used for good .
va	6	In Camille 's dress , she looked to her own eyes like a child playing dress-up .
va	11	Stuart then disappeared in order to avoid paying and of course protect his life . "
va	10	She visualized herself as if she were looking down from above .
va	9	" Sure , I 'd love to help you .
va	8	The Commander at the other end of the phone hung up and dialed a secure number in Hereford .
va	9	For a moment I thought I 'd killed the man .
va	9	Do you have anything white ? "
va	6	" Only about a year now , Robbie , me and my buddy Gary got out at the same time .
va	11	I simply thought you might need a change of pace . "
va	11	Ethan looked at his watch and knew it was nearly time for his briefing to the General .
va	9	The room looked the same as when Malcolm and I were here .
va	11	Olivier quickly finishes with the girl he was working on .
va	7	" Oh for heaven 's sake .
va	11	Raphael slumped in his chair then leant forward resting his chin on his hand .
va	7	One of them accidentally makes a noise , and the cat focuses its attention in that direction .
va	9	" You have nothing to say about that . "
va	7	I have heard so much about your father . "
va	9	And the events that they had just taken part in were played again on screen .
va	8	He repeated , " Only for you , perhaps . "
va	9	He took a step back , easing the tension of his bonds .
va	11	You wont know he 's there ! "
va	10	They were already on edge , eager to begin their vicious task .
va	11	She already knows about my world , and I 'm sure she would be an asset .
va	10	It wasn 't all about being trodden on .
va	7	The presence of that college football linebacker gave the Sheriff 's Office real heft that time of year .
va	8	It had originally been chosen for its metropolitan amenities .
va	5	Lately , he " d repeated this pattern nearly every night .
va	10	The Council will agree with me when we arrive in Vale .
va	10	He spit out a liter of water , his lungs fully regenerated now from the fire he had inadvertently inhaled .
va	8	I 'd feel safer doing a HALO jump .
va	10	That was all there was to it .
va	11	I do want to be friends .
va	6	Mike lit his pipe and waved out the match flame .
va	5	He shouted , and then again , " Hawk ! "
va	5	" No , but it is inhuman .
va	9	I don 't want you getting burnt , it 'll make your mummy cross . "
va	10	" Rand ... " She hesitated , struggling to find the right words .
va	9	Kaylie was rapt , seeing Rick share his desires .
va	9	Jen seemed pretty angry , " you might at least have told me about it . "
va	6	" Parton 's a guy about twenty-five , brown hair , short , birthmark on his cheek .
va	7	' I didn 't ask for your opinion . '
va	5	" Ok , I will not talk . "
va	10	I don 't understand why anyone would do that .
va	10	" I almost had time to take a nap during that swing ! "
va	11	I dreamed that it was sitting on my chest and everything became so warm .
va	9	You don 't know what you are doing ! "
va	10	And all to care for a hurting nephew .
va	7	But no one would stand up to them , either .
va	9	She nodded to herself before looking up at the three scientists .
va	9	The radiating light fades as the old man collapses to his knees .
va	8	Look what we got here ! "
va	7	And that was it , within seconds tears were streaming down her face , and she had the stitch .
va	6	The comment came from the next fence post , eight feet away .
va	7	I published a book about the hidden truth about White Eagle and His closest disciples .
va	6	After a while , he scanned her once again and then he stepped forward .
te	6	" Let 's hurry , " he whispered .
te	11	" I should be able to keep your name out of this .
te	7	Moments later , the entire forest seemed to explode .
te	5	On his back , Claus carried his small toy sack .
te	6	" I 'm fine , Tammy , " she said to their office manager with a forced smile .
te	7	He rolled the square into a tube and placed it in his pocket .
te	9	I told Jim , " Let 's take the cooks tour , start at the pointy end and work back . "
te	11	" Do you wish to challenge me ? "
te	7	Malcolm leaned on his cane and shuffled his feet .
te	10	" Almost as traditional as war between Mercia and ourselves . "
te	8	" What did you do with my lord , Gunnar ?
te	9	As if magic had kept its secret from their eyes the figure moved forward and revealed itself to them .
te	6	In the distance , a street light flickered on and back off again a few seconds later .
te	11	Anyone we send is liable to talk freely or lead Fuchs ' men back to us .
te	9	He looked at Maria , his face holding back a huge smile .
te	6	" I 'm not a void , " the voice informed , " I 'm a soul . "
te	10	The last few months I 've been reading the Bible , and I 've decided it 's not corrupted .
te	5	Downer , Brenner , McElroy and myself of course .
te	6	" How ' bout you hero boy ?
te	6	" Kill him , " said the boy in crisp , clear English .
te	9	" You said bears and other things were in the bush .
te	9	You know what he 'll be like . "
te	8	It was dark green and had no roof , just two tiny windscreens .
te	9	She had added wood to the fire and removed some of the ashes .
te	10	Do you think something different ? "
te	7	Birdie jumped up on Lizzie for the umpteenth time and for the umpteenth time Lizzie pushed the black lab down .
te	5	" Oh , you know -- the royal guards .
te	6	" Why do you think -- " " Whoops . "
te	6	Near the reception counter , a cute brunette in a short skirt held a handmade placard with his name on it .
te	7	She asked for a sign ... ... but nothing was forthcoming .
te	7	" Yes , how 'd you know ? "
te	8	" Deep beneath the woody bush to the west there is a pyramid of bricks .
te	8	On the other side of the door , Melody could hear the deadbolts turning and the door swung open .
te	9	I guessed that neither was older than fifteen .
te	9	Claire tried to sound casual , but her heart thumped loudly in her ears .
te	7	" Don 't try that again , Commander , " he advised .
te	7	We shall spend our lives in drinking and love-making .
te	11	I promise you I will not initiate an action against you or your men .
te	7	The Falcon 's eyes swept between him and Pierre but neither elaborated on anything .
te	11	David thought he might have been screaming as well .
te	5	" Yeah , well ... " Bryony shifted uneasily .
te	11	" Do you think I can get these things laundered ?
te	7	Without the thunder and lightning crashing around it , it was coldly sinister .
te	10	They came here expecting a showdown and they 're more than happy to get one .
te	8	Brazen was silent for a moment and then said , " No , I 'm not ready .
te	7	Susan looked at the handset and the ominously dead line .
te	8	" Will you do it again ? "
te	9	Di Luca slapped Logan violently on the back while the three of us chuckled awkwardly at the quip .
te	10	The sun overhead was fiercely hot , but the heat felt as though it would change soon .
te	7	I ask and toss him the ball .
te	11	Word eventually arrived that they had passed through the railroad bridge and were headed our way .
te	6	" Yes , sir , they have , " the messenger responded .
te	5	In a confined space , with no weapon , I had no chance .
te	6	" I ... breakfast , " I stutter .
te	9	" You might want to reconsider - " Atticus tried before I cut him off .
te	8	" He 's ... well , he 's kind of a historian . "
te	7	She had brushed her hair and scrubbed the sleep from her face .
te	10	He turned quickly , looking through the trees out over the side of the mountain .
te	11	Do you remember saying that ? "
te	7	The John Day River bridges have been blown and the Columbia and Snake River bridges from Washington are out .
te	8	We will walk into it and go under the wall . "
te	9	He wondered if Bax had seen him .
te	8	The girl was muttering to herself and Marcus couldn 't discern her words .
te	9	He 'd seen hope glinting behind her belligerence .
te	6	" This is your room , " Mana said .
te	7	" Uh-huh , and I 'm sure you 're a darn good one too .
te	7	" Come on , Mom , " John said , standing up .
te	8	Three Baskets , with the help of Waving Willow , made pottery .
te	8	" They are the emissaries of evil and they are all mired in evil .
te	11	He was about to advance when Abigail screamed .
te	8	A truth he simply cannot grasp just yet .
te	8	He had twenty-four direct reports , ranging from field operatives to administrative staff .
te	8	Gan realized it was alone .
te	8	Brazen looked at Reggie for a moment before beginning .
te	11	It 's not as if we can run around gathering souls in broad daylight .
te	10	He looked at the wall clock , " Jennings should be leaving soon .
te	7	Right next to the stories about some big pastry extravaganza contest and a dog show .
te	10	The room fell into shocked silence for a moment as the occupants digested the news .
te	11	I understood that we had to be apart .
te	9	That is hot enough to scald you .
te	10	Then all we have to do is find the bomb and somehow deactivate it .
te	8	Americans were obsessed with just ... leaving things alone .
te	6	" Does all this ' venom ' business come anywhere at all close to the truth ? "
te	11	Do I seem alive to you ? "
te	5	Knives and wooden baseball bats , hockey masks , clown wigs , eerie dolls , skulls and bones .
te	8	Her words were going all mushy in her mouth , like a drunkards .
te	6	" Roger , Anasazi One , " he said in a crisp voice .
te	11	" Do we need to ford it ? "
te	5	From the rack hung a plain white bath towel .
te	9	On the opposite side of the fire was Waving Willow with his baby boy sitting on her lap .
te	5	The words don 't come .
te	6	If he tried anything - " " No , Alec , " Isabelle said irritably .
te	10	I wasn 't sure how she would be with strangers . "
te	9	Used to a rigorous daily schedule of mental challenges , Toby quickly became bored .
te	9	" Good afternoon gentlemen , I am Nathan Taylor , most recently of Fort Meade , Maryland . "
te	8	" Aye , mates , there are a few matters of business to discuss .
te	8	He spotted the empty tray long before he reached it .
te	7	A small red gem , or bindi , pasted slightly above and between her eyebrows completed the outfit .
te	10	The video footage started from the moment Simon threw the first Yoyo grenade .
te	7	' Eben , look at me , ' said Red with a huge smile and a glimmer in his eyes .
te	7	I will return for you shortly .
te	10	" You mean there 's someplace more north than here ? "
te	9	It was clothed in little more than rags , filthy and threadbare .
te	6	Sam went over and read the sight glass .
te	11	Edie May got the impression that she was losing Taylor quickly to the esoteric direction this talk was veering off to .
te	5	A bright flame , tall and golden , burned nearby .
te	6	So for quite a few years this shipwreck was pretty well buried .
te	8	Give it to the old man and then let your husband and son have a couple of mouthfuls .
te	10	Too many things to fall on his head . "
te	6	" Anyway , angels , demons , your heavier sorcerers , they pay attention to the Houses .
te	10	" Are you sure you 've ridden before ? "
te	10	They carried a mixture of modern and primitive weaponry , including flaming arrows , spears , and machineguns .
te	10	They spent all night in the building in the very end of the street .
te	7	Marie gathered her medical equipment and said goodbye , ' I 'll see you later honey . '
te	9	Through the frosted window to the right of the door , Kurt made out the distorted image of a man .
te	7	Will , always careful , glanced around and , in the natural setting , spotted an unnatural form .
te	5	" Falcon , oh falcon , " called the woman .
te	6	" But you better not like it , " Sirena snapped , her possessive streak showing .
te	9	" So an Elder family could possibly consist of only one pair of original members ? "
te	9	Corporal Hunger shouted over the sound of his cannon blasting away .
te	7	Dad 's voice boomed , " And here 's Savvy ! "
te	10	I feel the craft wanting to go closer .
te	8	A previously undiscovered weakness in the bridge design caused the framework to buckle .
te	10	The lengthy excursion allowed for the pair to reminisce about past adventures and plan for future ones .
te	6	She silenced her complaints and nodded demurely in submission to his wishes , " Yes , father . "
te	6	" Phillip , my brother 's Personal Guard ... " " Nay , back you go , Prince .
te	9	And it used to be , way back when , that horses were zebras too .
te	7	" There is a small knife in my pouch .
te	8	John was up to him in a flash and slammed him against the heavy metal door .
te	5	' Oh , you know , Marcia is always Marcia . '
te	7	An hour into our labor , the captain woke up , staggered to the side and vomited like a volcano .
te	8	Alright that 's enough ! "
te	9	Helen choked back an impulse to blurt out the truth .
te	6	" Right , " Adam nodded , " How do we find them ? "
te	6	We 're , uh , really sorry .
te	9	She appeared to be sleeping , but Destro knew better than that .
te	9	When he replayed it in his mind it reminded him of the Grandfather clock he wasn 't supposed to run past .
te	6	She extends her slender brown hands , ablaze with henna .
te	9	Terrified , she spun around and looked into the cruel face of an Arab standing behind her .
te	11	Matthew realized he had never said a word of German .
te	10	And now Elaine 's getting married I 'm super cornered .
te	9	Theodosia turned to him with a look of furious surprise , and even Mr. Cantwell seemed nonplussed .
te	11	One of them looks like he 's whispering to another ... " Her breath caught in her throat .
te	5	" Not the gray one , " Gabe 's voice is soft .
te	8	He grabbed both and yanked her off the bed and put her on her feet .
te	8	The time of defense of our lands is at hand . "
te	8	CHAPTER ELEVEN Toby tried on his new accelerometer jump suit with a gleam in his eyes .
te	7	He walked gruffly forward in his role as the male guardian -- a requirement for foot travel in the rough city .
te	9	I reckon you could weigh the same out here . "
te	8	She heard the thin smear of superiority in her voice too late , saw his flare of injured pride .
te	9	There is only one person in the whole universe that you can make happy , that is you .
te	10	Large spray-painted plywood signs declared the state quarantined and that no one would be admitted .
te	7	Her voice dissolved into sobs , and a moment later , his father came on .
te	9	I wonder why Ruth didn 't provide one ?
te	10	Despite her exam concerns Amy felt ready to celebrate her official start to summer .
te	10	I don 't think too many of their vehicles are marked . "
te	9	Scrambling spectators cursed and trampled each other getting out of the way .
te	9	He did not have to wait long .
te	7	Miriam stepped over the train rails and stood behind the other prisoners .
te	6	To the west , the left of the map , was Chesapeake Bay .
te	9	A fanged face of shimmering smoke began to take shape before Muhammad .
te	8	They both looked at the door for a few minutes , before Beppe spoke again .
te	8	' There 's something on here that I don 't understand . '
te	6	" Well , " Clubs said , " at least we kept them off for a few days . "
te	11	I am sure he means to try .
te	7	From the buildings across the road a shadowy form had been observing the scene .
te	5	Big Pine Lodge was enormous .
te	10	The Angel showed the sisters how the discussion had gone with the demonic crew .
te	8	Right over there , " she expresses with a hint of excitement .
te	8	Suddenly he had ' clout ' and lots of it .
te	7	" You are a fool , Firstborn , yet you prance about like a king ! "
te	6	Dan Jansen felt his heart pound in his chest .
te	8	There was too much to see .
te	7	He met the blue gaze .
te	7	" You might as well kill me now , " he whispered .
te	7	' Did she say anything to you ? '
te	10	He is wearing nothing but a tight pair of black bikini briefs .
te	8	He sprawled comfortably in front of her .
te	6	Frosting of multiple colors decorated the tops with fancy lettering and ribbons .
te	8	Judy , in her jogging suit , not yet covered , thrown like a crumpled ragdoll into the ditch .
te	6	The tunnels grew colder , the footing firmer , the deeper we went .
te	10	I was scared and desperately did not want to marry him .
te	5	He was aching and hungry .
te	8	They 'd only arrived twenty minutes ago but already the lads had their outfits on for the beach scenes .
te	6	" You are surprisingly accurate , " Mana said .
te	10	Despite our tiredness , we took turns attacking the fetter .
te	10	All of Kurt 's instincts were screaming for him to get away as fast as possible .
te	8	I extend my arms and legs to slow my descent .
te	9	Being able to paralyze someone ?
te	7	For a moment there was complete silence between them .
te	8	An ' I fer one wish to hear it . "
te	11	Marcus just shrugged , as if to say the guy 's money was as green as the next guy 's .
te	7	I am the worst missionary in the world !
te	8	I started to follow , but he tripped and tumbled to the ground before me .
te	9	Elaina felt Landon 's wary eyes sweep over her as they stepped inside , him last .
te	9	The Creek who they knew as Snow Wolf was lying in his own blood .
te	9	His men stood flanking the main road for nearly two hours now .
te	9	He took off his coat and threw it over the back of his chair .
te	10	Before Connor could gather in his thoughts and compose himself , Billy was on the attack .
te	8	But I have only books and instruments and a tiny inheritance , and thus that is all that I am .
te	8	" We 've got the best part of Christmas , though .
te	6	A layer of dust clung to my wet clothes and face .
te	7	Tim pointed at the clock and then a question on the sheet .
te	9	Within minutes he was having his wounds attended to .
te	7	A girl 's jacket lay across a worn plaid loveseat .
te	8	She slams me down on the branch , and the night pulses strange colors in my eyes .
te	8	The Arab stumbled back and Dane leapt forward , burying his knife into him .
te	11	The three of them stood sopping in the cramped hall , their hair plastering their faces .
te	9	Chapter Nineteen " Are we certain that this information is correct ? "
te	10	Maybe take it apart an ' put it on one of yer larger wheeled beasties .
te	7	who should have been a man ... ... .
te	6	The first one is possible , the second one is quite unrealistic .
te	7	The two guys at the front , however , rowed to a syncopated rhythm all of their own .
te	7	A Sergeant in camouflage ACU uniform approached Campbell , holding a tablet computer .
te	9	You 're as brainwashed as one of his tin soldiers . "
te	8	Confident Jolie wasn 't home , I stepped inside into the lingering smell of cinnamon .
te	9	I don 't want to change anything .
te	6	I dropped on that moron like a crane accident . "
te	9	Are you working for Silver ? "
te	8	Before the Shaykh can sputter out his offended reply , I turn to Yousef again .
te	11	Not enough to live on for the rest of his life , not very much at all .
te	8	' Do you need a hand ? '
te	9	You 'll learn to love it .
te	9	And she began to invest all her good nature and energy into this organisation as well .
te	6	It was a very old , unusual and beautifully worked silver cross .
te	10	Amy clicked her fingers as another suggestion sprang to mind .
te	7	They cleared the cordon of guards with their jump .
te	5	The memory of his father out of control swam in his head .
te	11	Does he think that we 'll be disappointed in him ?
te	7	Llama followed closely behind them and then stopped abruptly .
te	7	Or was there a separate entrance and Malcolm met him ?
te	6	One man studied her intently , arms crossed over his bare chest .
te	9	Sighing , Ward admitted that the thought had crossed his mind .
te	11	Do you want to come ? "
te	9	" The firelight , it could be seen for miles , " Dane stormed at him .
te	8	Everybody knows she 's crazy .
te	6	" Hello , this is Rourke , " a very strong male voice answered on the first ring .
te	8	We must do research , refine the drug , and make it less addictive .
te	10	A loud shriek of metal followed as the Volvo scraped along the flank of the carriage .
te	7	I found underwear and a soft , black tank top , and at the back , a pair of yoga pants .
te	6	Then she shook her head , blinked and smiled slowly , wickedly , an invitation and a declaration .
te	7	Adele did you not see those men ?
te	7	Claire pulled her hood tight around her face and leant in to the wind .
te	6	I knocked on the door .
te	9	" A what at the department of what and what now ? "
te	8	now just walk with me as though I 'm your oldest friend ... .
te	8	Was royal after his family , but he quit the title for you .
te	9	And then , he knew with certainty that they would , because they were , after all , pirates .
te	11	She quickly comes to her feet and sees that she has landed several meters from her chair .
te	10	Coordinating their attack , the heavily armored suits spread out , attempting to surround the boy once again .
te	9	" If we put it off ' til tomorrow , I 'll be more relaxed , " Sarah argued .
te	6	" Ah , it 's probably nothin ' ... a rat maybe . "
te	10	She pressed her lips together and tried to match Alejo 's small smile .
te	7	One of the shapes stood up and kneeled by his side .
te	7	The corridor was filled with passengers .
te	8	Godard looked at her with a sad light in his eyes .
te	10	" Two , to get out .
te	5	With large , green eyes , the menacing tyrant glared back .
te	10	They may have to make their stand here , in the Barrier Forest .
te	8	Godard raised a bloodied hand and touched his granddaughter 's face with shaking fingers .
te	9	It 's not what I 've been taught .
te	8	Despite their shock , our captors hesitated and held onto their guns -- not surprising , really .
te	9	Chapter VI " Wow , that is quite a tale , " said our American friend later .
te	6	Without electricity or doctors or formula or baby monitors .
te	9	Who told you where we had him ? "
te	5	To his surprise , the tiger lets out a dull roar .
te	7	He pushed his hair away from his face and revealed his familiar face .
te	10	He shakes our hand and is so glad to see us .
te	7	As the three Lizards looked up , four Hummingbirds settled into the Lantana bush .
te	7	" Built my company using it .
te	9	Seth wished she 'd be quiet .
te	9	" Suppose the guards are watching our house ? "
te	8	He closed his eyes on the two of them for a moment .
te	6	" Hello , Miriam , " the stranger said , smiling .
te	11	I believe that his illness starts to pass away .
te	10	Humans need a balanced diet that includes greens and vegetables , and fruit , as well .
te	11	" I 'm glad to have met you Reginald .
te	8	Rafe strode forwards , dropping to his knee beside the bed .
te	9	Sam and I roamed the island and even stumbled across a couple of full propane tanks for the grill .
te	6	' But I 'm not a vampire , ' I muttered to the darkness behind my closed eyelids .
te	9	" Do you remember who I am ? "
te	11	Clothing was stuck to the far inside wall of the machine and had to be peeled off like Velcro .
te	8	Bernie thinks Price is missing .
te	7	" You can object , or you can keep your job . "
te	9	' Who knows what the future holds , ' he said , a shrewd light gleaming in his eyes .
te	9	The wording gave me pause for a moment .
te	10	That was more than most Afghan children could dream of .
te	11	' Anyway we went to the poly gig , didn 't we love ? '
te	6	" I am sorry , lady , " Brand said .
te	10	" And do you know anything about this ? "
te	8	His tone remained light while he addressed Victor .
te	11	He saw what the monster had done to George and attacked .
te	10	Nathan bent back over to the man who was , thankfully , already dead .
te	5	Then , as an afterthought , he added .
te	9	The Prince rolled to his feet , crouching over the guard , staring into the frightened eyes of the man .
te	10	" Last time I checked there weren 't too many diamond mines in Northumberland .
te	5	Someone , Claire thought , disliked his body odor a whole lot more than usual .
te	7	That was not what troubled him .
te	9	Chase smirked on her side and asked " Is this what they called victory ? "
te	10	Nobody at Edwards thought I had done anything fancy , and I never heard anything more .
te	9	He found the job through one of Mike 's contacts in Australia .
te	6	He had a small nose and wide lips .
te	7	The title of pirate , placed fear in most , but not her .
te	9	I can 't have them tainting the galaxy with their magic .
te	7	" They tripped on our trunks , " hissed Logan smiling .
te	7	The two men walked to the truck and climbed in , waved bye to Gail , and drove away .
te	5	In the pressing crowd this fine night , no one noticed him .
te	5	" But to answer your question , no , I 'm not nervous .
te	7	" You are a good man , Señor , " Roberto said .
te	9	Her face , although he could not read it , was flawless .
te	5	" Quite an amiable fellow , actually , " Tonk Fah said .
te	5	" My ex sister-in-law , Susan Hanson , " Pam replied .
te	7	" All the more reason to put it back , " said Ricky .
te	6	He covered his face with his forearms and leapt through the old , cracked window .
te	5	" All right , " said Clarence Anderson finally .
te	11	She shuddered to think what that might be .
te	8	The situation was worse than he thought .
te	10	From outside his door , he heard a once familiar voice say , " Hey buddy !
te	7	Bruno and Anatole entered the kitchen moments later , their arms laden with bags .
te	11	Bowing again , they returned the way they had come , silhouettes swaying with the gentle rock of the ship .
te	11	The concierge shows Derrick where he can keep the luggage until our departure .
te	11	Harold was pondering these thoughts beside the now dead man as Jim Meek 's stuck his head in the infirmary .
te	9	He followed Sofia with his gaze until she turned to an alley .
te	6	The scales along her back and flanks turned from rusty brown to a dull lurid red .
te	10	" A nice point , but all the same , we need to be on our guard . "
te	6	As the agents fired , the stairwell door once again opened .
te	8	The boy raised his feet over the stone and coiled on her side , his head resting on her lap .
te	8	No , this one is defiant , a real wild cat , as Roberto says .
te	6	Now , do you have any idea why Mrs. ... ? "
te	5	" He 's a growing boy . "
te	7	Where it went , they didn 't know , but it was a necessary risk .
te	9	Perhaps things were about to get interesting .
te	7	Releasing him from my grasp , I backed away from him and held the sword even more firmly .
te	10	He was the seventh living son of the Empress -- and there was much hope that he would remain so .
te	8	Surrender your arms , or I won 't lead you to the king . "
te	8	I trust you know the way ? "
te	6	Not all at once but we climbed as a group thrice in this month alone .
te	7	" It 's fine , " I told her , " I wasn 't exactly my smoothest that night . "
te	8	Amanda offered , reaching past Kurt into the back seat .
te	8	" She 's like the all Seeing Eye and she wasn 't even on the bus .
te	8	Matt was all Kim wanted .
te	9	Write about falling off your bike and trashing your trousers .
te	9	She had nothing to worry about .
te	10	It took her an hour just to climb back on her feet .
te	6	" Tango Lima ; two meters , rotational adjustment , over . "
te	9	The Grenadier moved around to Snow Job 's side and carefully sliced through the heavy plastic of the flex cuffs .
te	7	It beats sitting here the whole night .
te	5	" Screw ' em , " he thought .
te	6	But Elaina 's expectant face drew him back from his musings .
te	5	The young man charged up the porch stairs and Sarah , startled , jerked her gun arm up .
te	8	It 's known for its beautiful wooded lakes and rocky ground .
te	5	A tragedy , a violent loss , and then people simply gave up .
te	6	After the meal , the stewards cleared the table and served drinks .
te	11	Sydney turned and started leaping over logs and ferns and leading us followers on .
te	7	You know all the ways of Islam .
te	6	Both men knew each other 's strength .
te	6	Her muscles screamed for respite .
te	10	More walkers were dispelled when Logan raised his pistol and shot into the air .
te	6	Johnny and I cleared the trails and you were still fast asleep . "
te	6	The room was rather dark , illuminated only by the dim light of the rising sun .
te	6	Across the front , in Addie 's handwriting , it read , " Open November 14 . "
te	10	If he was to wear her shoe , he would do the same .
te	5	" That 's not a very flattering description . "
te	5	His black suit , blazing red tie , and shiny shoes just scream power .
te	9	They moved rapidly as there was still sufficient light and the hills were open with little to conceal them .
te	7	How to say " prepare yourself for the worse ? "
te	8	He wrapped a piece in rye bread and held it out to Adele first , along with a wine skin .
te	7	" The wind in the trees whistles his name , we all think about it and we feel the pain .
te	9	Miriam put his hand down , but she peered closely at the ring of circles .
te	5	" So you 're the famous discoverer ! "
te	8	Neil hid a grin and thought , Yes , and you 'll look just like a bloated caterpillar .
te	6	" My brother said , ' Jake , we 're hungry and we want some food . '
te	10	" This doesn 't have to be the end , " a familiar voice points out .
te	11	At least he contains his work what is not covered by the camisole .
te	8	" I did the best I could .
te	7	Ron hasn 't taken it to the attorneys yet . "
te	9	The two bikes suddenly disappeared as they dropped into the hole .
te	11	Ruth squeezed Claire 's arms , then let them drop as she reached for a tissue .
te	8	he asked , the strain in his voice not quite concealed .
te	7	' That was good work , ' he said with a satisfied expression .
te	11	Jason suddenly sits up , releasing the doctor , who gratefully inspects his arm .
te	7	But after her first week of exams her body craved alcohol despite her now full tummy .
te	6	Not far away they noticed two young lads loitering with intent .
te	9	He had a feeling of space and risked shining the light a little off the floor .
te	9	The forest was deep and dark as he headed toward the mountain .
te	5	" Oh , a charmer , like you , " Penny said .
te	6	" You can 't fool me .
te	10	Now you are going to take Rupert 's place . "
te	9	" I thought you were going home ? "
te	7	We raced the final yards to the elevator shaft just as the roof collapsed .
te	8	" And then you steal another slave from one of my men .
te	10	" Or made to look alien , " Jace countered .
te	7	Yes , I know all about that . "
te	11	She was driving like a beginner , being sometimes horned by the other cars on the rode .
te	7	" Thank you , gentlemen ; the ordinance will hit in five minutes .
te	9	Lance continues to struggle with his pulse shield .
te	7	" Take us down to treetop level and hold position . "
te	10	It was simply constructed of two ropes strung between two upright wooden posts .
te	8	Timothy Walker came from a broken home and was raised along with his little sister by a strict and religious grandmother .
te	7	This time it snatched up a dog hiding in its hollow under the snow .
te	11	She threw the first one and missed by a mile almost hitting a man walking by .
te	8	Then I saw the pleading in Cisco 's eyes before he looked away .
te	9	system which went with it .
te	8	We create our own reality by the power of our thoughts .
te	7	Yet here sat forlornly the remains of one of the most famous pirate vessels ever afloat .
te	10	you might also want to bring your partner with you . "
te	11	Kicking , she was picked up as if she was a feather and carried downstairs to her old cabin .
te	5	In the newbie chamber they sing out loud ... half the time .
te	6	The candle light relaxed her , but after a while , she closed her eyes .
te	11	I 'd like you to meet Julio 's mother , Connie . "
te	11	They have grown in this valley for all of time .
te	11	It should take only a few minutes for the soup to get warm .
te	8	As Simon got into the police car , he said goodbye to the principal .
te	6	" I 'm sorry , " he said , " but the building 's closing . "
te	9	They 're looking for three people travelling together . "
te	5	" I suppose ... " " Just so you understand . "
te	7	The preliminaries were in less than two weeks .
te	8	He finds himself said and chuckled .
te	9	' Because you 're the only one who stands in our way .
te	9	That had been all it took .
te	9	They were obviously not going after a group of homeless people .
te	10	He glanced at Dane as Dane squatted on his haunches next to him .
te	10	" Traveller how do we enter if we can 't reach the Citadel ?
te	8	" Whatever , " Kaylie finally answered with a mouth full of fries .
te	6	The girl behind the counter nodded , calling back , " Ten minutes ' til Zamboni is on the ice . "
te	8	Do you know why ? "
te	9	Finan could not deny the truth of her statement , but that only made things worse .
te	10	It 's my fault to mention the game , " Daniel said .
te	8	His biggest fear , other than crashing , was crossing over into Tennessee .
te	10	If you keep taking power from vital systems you are going to kill us . "
te	8	Just close your eyes , and when you 're ready , I 'll give you some beef broth . "
te	7	Her sting lay in her nose , not in her broadside .
te	7	But I had something else in mind .
te	7	Walking towards it , Logan glanced over .
te	9	" Well , I 've got a jumper on top , " he said , turning the corner .
te	8	Luckily , someone grabbed her waist before she horribly fall down the stairs .
te	8	Waving Willow inquired about the status of Three Baskets .
te	9	As time seemed to slow , Trae could almost count the bullets as they exited the guns .
te	8	He fired a quick burst at the side of the basilisk facing him .
te	6	I grabbed the mike and shouted .
te	9	Mana put her sewing down and regarded them over the lenses of her glasses .
te	10	Or second , they might try to find us at the train station .
te	10	Nothing was said on the way back to the cottage .
te	10	Look to the cupboards to see what food remains .
te	10	Don 't ruin it by being an ass now . "
te	6	Past the vending machines , they moved on to a small train bridge .
te	8	That only came to light later .
te	7	' Why are you here , really ? '
te	7	They all dropped their heavy packs in a ditch and covered them with snow .
te	9	And that is what Ben 's grandmother had taught him .
te	9	There was a buzz of static from the earpiece .
te	6	With muttered grumbles and oaths , the men got up and started packing .
te	8	In any case , I 'm not easy to miss .
te	8	I bet these babies are wicked loud . "
te	6	CHAPTER EIGHT Before daybreak the next morning , soft rapping on my bedchamber door woke me from a restless sleep .
te	10	Do you know of it ? "
te	10	She feels deeply tired and her first instinct is to close her eyes and sleep .
te	9	' Rather do the band ; become millionaires , live like this . '
te	7	" Pilot reporting , as ordered , " Warrior replies sullenly over the speakers .
te	8	He and Gabriel stared at each other for a moment , and then Alejo whirled around and began to pace .
te	7	" I am , of course , Simon Duval , at your humble service .
te	6	" Did you not hear ?
te	9	Each precious second that passed , he knew he was losing her .
te	9	What was it he had read ?
te	8	' If we get ready and leave now we should be there before half two . '
te	5	Let 's beat them . "
te	8	Come in and grab a seat for a minute . "
te	5	The fireman smashing everything in his path with his huge axe .
te	7	He hands me back my hat .
te	9	He slapped his cheeks a couple of times and rubbed his eyes .
te	11	Why don 't you boys take us through it while we finish setting up . "
te	5	Beyond it was a dark and narrow stairwell .
te	6	After several more attempts the light shone green and she opened the door .
te	11	There still didn 't appear to be anything out of the ordinary outside .
te	7	With actual food in his stomach he was not overly curious .
te	9	The Old Wizard took a deep breath and said , " They were long gone too .
te	8	Perhaps the reason was more about finances than safety .
te	8	Rafe sat upright , holding his head in both hands .
te	10	I was thinking of going into business .
te	5	Besides , how important could that one man be ? "
te	10	" What does my womanhood have to do with anything ? "
te	8	Rob agreed and they climbed trees across from each other and perched themselves above the trail .
te	6	The ' middle class ' of Colonial America , if you will , " Paul said .
te	8	But he had his lawyers working on it .
te	11	" I 've come as far I care to , you murderer . "
te	7	' She must be stopped , ' said Roman emphatically .
te	9	Staring blankly at the subsiding devastation , he is at a total loss as to what just occurred .
te	7	" Yes , I told you that already .
te	10	He wasn 't used to moving muscles and lifting things .
te	6	Jack 's voice was more muted , but still more pissed than his usual sound .
te	6	" Oh , I 'm so nervous , " Tori said to herself .
te	9	But maybe it has value in this new life of ours .
te	10	Alita was a know-it-all little brat who came from money .
te	10	Ethan started to tell him the other bit of news .
te	7	Gabe sits up , stretches , and I watch the colors shimmer through his aura .
te	11	I 'm glad we have a lead with the medicines .
te	7	She wrapped her hands protectively around the coffee mug and drank the tepid dregs .
te	7	Theodosia cried , putting down her knife .
te	7	I said , " Don 't trust your captain either ?
te	10	He knows he 's getting to me .
te	10	" God damn you Jim don 't be risking my fucking ship . "
te	10	Are you planning to invade ? "
te	6	So I apologize instead , and I use my safe little notebook .
te	8	The party was a good fifty yards from the stream and a hundred feet above it .
te	8	They won 't begin to grey until you cast .
te	8	A thin skittering of snow had blown in and blew over the black and white tiled floor .
te	7	Henry holds her hand looking uncomfortable .
te	9	I was still in the car , and Laurence was sleeping like a baby , with his arms crossed .
te	10	" Then stop trying to kill him !
te	9	" Finan , you were in a bad way , we knew not what to do .
te	6	A musical tone chimes and Lance snaps his eyes back open .
te	7	I peered into one and slid the door open .
te	11	Chase gazed at her and laughed , does not have the chance to keep his sentiment .
te	8	She cheerfully asked then , " When do we go ? "
te	8	Sarah got up , and the two walked into the woods and down the hill .
te	10	Terry nodded to the men to finish gagging him .
te	7	He had not grown tired of the console messages .
te	10	" I didn 't , " Mariposa said as she closed her eyes and fell asleep .
te	7	" Right gun , " said Joshua , " fire , when ready . "
te	9	He turned and started to head off .
te	8	Someone threw the ball into the middle of the field .
te	8	The trick never failed to make Chris smile .
te	7	The spear flew with its point in an upward slope , but the point did not hit home .
te	5	" The little sneak got away .
te	11	His lips curved up , showing the dimples I couldn 't resist .
te	8	" With my family there isn 't much to say .
te	8	" I tried to give you freedom .
te	7	" Could you summon your friends and neighbors to the square ?
te	10	" If you let the hate consume you , then you really will lose everything .
te	11	" I thought you said all Werewolves were perfect . "
te	8	Resting lightly on his chest and back , it ends in a short , triangular point in his lap .
te	8	My hand felt sticky from the spray still covering her skin .
te	10	Anderson grudgingly accepted these terms , much more subdued after Frank Simm had shamed them all with his short speech .
te	6	* * * * * Three hours later , she was no longer feeling the same .
te	10	Chase turned to look at her and smirked .
te	9	Now we have the stigma of a people capable of terrible things .
te	8	Our trailer trash friends climbed out of their mobile garbage cans itching with vengeance .
te	6	Your brother , Shadow Eater , killed off my clan and now I alone protect my village . "
te	5	You 're still my Lexi , my sweet , beautiful , wonderful Lexi . "
te	9	" Get your bag and passport and you can start walking as well . "
te	7	" Their choice of our town as a base for this experimental facility is a great boost for local employment .
te	5	" Hello 007 , please come in .
te	9	" New Orleans would have masked dances around Carnival , but they rarely interested me .
te	10	' I suppose I feel that way about Little Spirit .
te	5	The purple amethyst , the burning candle , the glowing yellow eyes .
te	9	Looking down at the parcel of meat he suggested that they might like some .
te	8	There were guards and servants everywhere , moving purposefully about their business .
te	11	" Let 's see if we can find out . "
te	9	Some leaves still clung to the thin white aspens , but most had been shed for the winter .
te	5	" A long , long time ago , it was just a small town .
te	6	" No , no , I was just ... my house is this way and your house is that way .
te	10	We all have things we 're ashamed of .
te	10	The beep of the machine was loud in the silence that followed .
te	8	By next year you 'll be clawing at 28 . "
te	8	I go to the bathroom , wash my face , brush my teeth and hair , and get dressed .
te	10	Soon all tracks Richard provided had been heard .
te	5	Wow , she thought , I got it !
te	9	Tori ran and ran until she finally reached her house .
te	8	She just instinctively knew something was wrong .
te	10	They stood , saluting as he passed them by .
te	7	The knowing smile on Jolie 's face reflected the truth .
te	9	And a special thanks to you , the reader , for supporting me !
te	5	Every time the ship rolls , my stomach does a slow spin as well .
te	8	" I see , " he said at last , letting the challenge slip by like a gushing stream .
te	7	Neela 's eyes narrowed to slits , and she resumed her walk to the tent with stiff , jerking steps .
te	11	Graham watched as his comrades in unison applauded what Mal had said .
te	8	Keep an eye on him ; he should not roll in his sleep .
te	9	Suddenly , Warrior 's tail snaps and cracks Lance across the face , sending him flying backwards .
te	7	Ask Nathan Taylor for one .
te	9	The traffic thinned as we moved further and further up the road .
te	8	" Mom , I saw rubber boots in the room where all the saddles are hanging . "
te	11	I can only assume that there is something in it for you . "
te	6	The third , Above and Beyond has also now been released .
te	7	Of course Joseph was in on it .
te	11	John suggested since the Adventurous apparently did not intend to disappear .
te	8	He utters a spell and a flickering , bright passage burst open , revealing the portal back to his world .
te	6	Mr. Ludwig beamed , his eyes crinkling slightly , the only visible wrinkles on his smooth Japanese skin .
te	11	I need to start looking into hexes .
te	8	And with that , the man turned and left , closing the door quietly behind him .
te	7	But the Black Knight was not just a man , and his fingers weren 't gripping just any sword hilt .
te	6	" Alright , " Nate sighed , " I 'll give you that .
te	11	I still had another incantation I had yet to try .
te	6	That evening after homework hours everybody went to the Main Hall .
te	7	To end a trip , simply hold it in your hand and say ' return . '
te	9	Were they trying to take out the couple 's alarm system ?
te	8	They 're quite common ; you don 't have them in the 21st Century ? "
te	9	And I could do with two more plates of these sandwiches .
te	8	He asks , his eyes darting around the open air .
te	5	Local kid named ... " Cobb smiled .
te	6	Anyway , Christmas is next week and it 's really , really cold here .
te	7	While they ate , he pointed and told of his climbing the northward and southward passes .
te	7	He was a big boy and the muscles in my back and ribs felt on fire .
te	6	' The 12th anomaly is still missing ... should we not concentrate on her ? '
te	5	His rough , chiseled features showed his age and experience .
te	9	" We 'll be saying grace now , " she said taking each of their hands .
te	7	" Here , you might as well lean against me .
te	8	Revenge would surely be beneath you , but not me .
te	6	" Always listen to your gut . "
te	5	Alright , so the book puzzle wasn 't an oral thing .
te	7	" Let 's find out , " Sheik grumbles , tired of waiting .
te	5	But either way , and whatever the reason , he commanded their attention .
te	9	The turbo charged Range Rover carried them in comfort towards Hereford .
te	9	A collective nod later , the thieves have dispersed leaving the man alone with the sobbing woman .
te	10	He realized immediately it had come out a whiny squeal .
te	10	that tends to cut through the red tape and gets people 's attention . "
te	8	The sun rose and warmed Noah 's side of the fence first .
te	9	Sometimes he would be pleasant then ; once again , he would start spouting complete and utter nonsense .
te	6	Several seconds later , all the advertising banners went black , and the street lights followed suit .
te	9	' He 's going to need it . '
te	7	Kurt wouldn 't hear my protests though , so I went on a walk through the streets .
te	8	" The one I told you about ? "
te	9	And as impossible to dismiss .
te	10	She looked so attractive that even I couldn 't stop drooling .
te	8	The nails did do some damage on your shoulder , " he explained .
te	6	Not seeing any blood , he asked , " Are you hurt ? "
te	10	" You know of everything in Asia and that was in your backyard , " said Alfred .
te	8	" Thank God , " Sarah whispered , tears welling in her eyes .
te	11	He was thinking of the shame he was undergoing .
te	10	I asked , trying to be helpful .
te	8	" My deepest apology , Master Chase , " the boy said , bowing his head to his young master .
te	11	" Or if you 'd prefer , they 'd be happy to make you something else .
te	7	Breakfast was quickly made and just as quickly finished , the meal small but satisfying .
te	10	It plays hell with the drinking in the bar on Saturday evenings .
te	8	' Just as expected , ' Calvin said adding , ' So that 's that for them . '
te	6	They damn near captured the whole Western Pacific in the Second World War .
te	10	The sound of gunfire rose to the ceiling , the echoes deafening in the tall , vaulted space .
te	7	She shrugged it on , then added a helmet for good measure .
te	8	As he walked in an orange cat arrogantly walked past them and out the gate .
te	5	About L. M. Smith L.M. Smith is both an avid reader and writer .
te	11	" They are going to need somebody to rule .
te	11	He could not afford to let them separate and cut him off .
te	8	The recollection of their respective stations had been a jarring note of discordance .
te	11	" It was fun to let you think so . "
te	9	Dane slowly drove it to a place where the rocks would not show footprints .
te	6	For his part , Colonel James Bowie 's star ascended to new heights .
te	9	" That 's right , " snapped Jacob good-naturedly and went off to find the fencing master .
te	9	" Have we any idea about the palace 's layout ? "
te	8	His grandiose plans popped out of his head , and he got up and trudged after her .
te	6	Alfred turned his gaze to Toby on the display .
te	7	" Have you killed before ? "
te	7	Stepping away from the dimensional door , Link crosses his arms and knits his brow .
te	6	The truth of your soul cast the shadows out of my life .
te	7	They both mimicked Anna 's rueful expression , but shook their heads in assent .
te	7	" Let 's see Jacob .
te	9	Lex was excited at the prospect of this adventure .
te	5	" Open your eyes , " Dr. Kells said , and I did .
te	9	They said there 'd be attendants . "
te	7	A lot of thought were crossing my mind , like a water torrent .
te	6	" OK , here we are , " the driver said after a few minutes .
te	6	Seamus can wait , sure he can . "
te	7	It would be a long walk back and the hour would be late .
te	7	Away from his wife 's hoof .
te	7	~ Chris and Sarah held tight to the railing throughout their hellish rollercoaster ride .
te	7	" Yeah , Grandpa , " agreed Stephanie , " how come your name 's in the book ? "
te	7	They cut a long stiff pole and tied the deer to it by the feet .
te	9	Of course I couldn 't see where he 'd indicated .
te	6	" A couple weeks ago , my good friend Gabriel was robbed and they slit his throat .
te	9	Connor stood up and felt the cold floor spark a chill up his legs .
te	11	The thick jungle , filled during the day with the calling of the parrots overhead , was now quiet and dark .
te	7	' If nothin ' else , ' Dismal observed , ' the boys 'll enjoy your company for a while . '
te	6	" So today I 'm ' your man , ' but not too long ago I was Peter Pan .
te	11	He could vaguely make out a light far away , in the distance in front of him .
te	8	Scott hurried in and tossed the tray on the counter .
te	9	Pondering on the news that the Tunisian ship brought was more perplexing than Connor bargained for .
te	6	And I know your secret in the basement . "
te	7	Make ready for combat . "
te	11	She staggered backwards several steps then fell onto her butt in an undignified sprawl on the pavement .
te	6	The Oval Office Washington , D.C. January 4th , 2026 " Okay Sam , are we done ? "
te	8	" Out of sight behind the planet . "
te	9	Heck , he probably kidnapped Aimee so he could take her job .
te	11	Lukas could only shake is head in agreement .
te	11	We 'll have you galloping on Missile in a couple of days .
te	7	After a moment of tense silence , Peyton said , " Fine .
te	8	The bartender hesitated before nodding grudgingly .
te	7	It was titled " Red Death " .
te	10	She mirrored Jacob 's composure , willing her emotions to not betray her .
te	5	After a little while , Zoe 's small voice interrupted him .
te	10	The guards slowed , all standing in a clump near the door .
te	6	She quickly lighted up the cigarette , made a deep swallow and cocked the gun .
te	6	Technically -- " " Technically , " Salem cut his words short , " She owes you her eternal life .
te	8	If our spirits are bright enough , we will be seen in the darkness .
te	9	" In fact , they lead the world in computer technology or something , I read . "
te	9	We need to go with you . "
te	7	As we know , the two of them are a team , and as such , they can be controlled .
te	8	the major said in a soft and surprisingly smooth accent .
te	8	" I wouldn 't count on that , " Lance replies .
te	10	The driver took off , and we sat in silence as the vehicle clipped along the road .
te	7	What do you know of it , anyway ?
te	8	' And yes , you 're right , I would have refused , ' he added .
te	8	Her body was rigid as she stared the Falcon down .
te	9	She understood it and she could not really fault the decision .
te	9	At the sports centre Ben played football while Michael played tennis on an adjacent court .
te	7	They had been so far away last time , she hadn 't been sure .
te	7	She got out her birthstone necklace , a real Ruby and touched them together .
te	9	The further they traveled the closer the houses stood together and the more people crowded the streets .
te	5	" Oh , God , how You are glorious ! "
te	11	Errol realized he had fabricated a lot of lies .
te	10	Bizarrely , he thought at first they were radio antennas and he was having a close encounter .
te	9	I have come to grant your wish .
te	9	This was Jackson 's doing .
te	6	He stepped forward and addressed the ball , checked his alignment , took one easy practice swing and started .
te	6	Why , you ask , is Dallas such a great place for dining ?
te	8	29 turquoise THE BUS STATION WAS PACKED , a writhing mass of bodies and battered suitcases .
te	10	' We said we couldn 't do this without a decent record deal .
te	11	She had not bumped him awake as she normally did in the morning .
te	11	Looking back he could just make out the forms he was leaving behind .
te	6	Abby said with a sly smile on her face .
te	10	Andy heard three thumps over the noise of the crowd , as something hard was hit against the floor .
te	6	" They might be mad .
te	8	He is clearly up to something , and his recurring strife with Link is not something so easily forgiven .
te	5	The taste of her mouth beneath my lips .
te	10	Having adjusted to the relative darkness of my accommodation the sudden influx of light burnt my eyes .
te	11	I think you two need to cool it . "
te	8	The gate had slowed Joe down for only a moment and now he was coming up again fast .
te	7	Finding porters for the luggage was no difficulty .
te	10	He wanted the money he 'd been promised !
te	11	" If you knew how to work miracles , then yes .
te	7	He kicked his brogues off , onto the hallway tray , and hung his damp raincoat up in the closet .
te	6	" The first day 's the worst , " Eden says to me with an encouraging smile .
te	7	My muscles are all clenching hard to my bones .
te	11	What do you think they 'll do to us ? "
te	6	Beyond the palace 's tall perimeter fence , a roiling sea of onlookers was waiting .
te	8	They all lowered their heads as they moved on .
te	8	It made me feel empty .
te	6	Taylor chased Hunt up the street laughing .
te	11	You saved me from the Death Watch , and I owe you a debt that makes me uneasy . "
te	11	Sky turned and stared out the window , lost in a world of one-upmanship .
te	6	Between the road and the cliff , a three foot stonewall went for miles .
te	7	" I 'm not saying in this way .
te	7	She said and I could feel the smile on her lips , " You don 't smell so bad yourself . "
te	9	Shouldn 't I be saying that to you ? "
te	11	He paused for a moment as a wry smile toyed with the corners of his mouth .
te	7	' You need to go . '
te	7	" I just -- " The sound of Kim 's car nearing the house silenced Sharon before she could finish .
te	9	In her joy at seeing her husband , Ivan 's wife dropped her bundles and ran to embrace him .
te	6	Reaching out , Chris caught the surprisingly heavy thing .
te	6	" I 'm just a prince consort , my wife is The Sultan 's daughter .
te	8	" The patrols have stopped expanding their coverage .
te	7	" You had best take me to him . "
te	6	" It 's with blue or something like that .
te	5	An excellent quality , she thought , especially around her dogs .
te	10	That is where I want to be .
te	9	The bullets smashed into the glass ceiling of the cage just as the liquid reached the box in the roof .
te	9	He stood still , his fingers twitching at his sides .
te	8	" I 'm here with a message from Leah , via the Elder - Elder Crane . "
te	9	Come to think of it they didn 't have shares in anything else either - Switzerland is a land locked Country .
te	11	He is all that is left to me .
te	11	It is a feeling from all that surrounds you .
te	5	" And mating and birthing , " offers the other .
te	11	How do we go about trying to communicate ? "
te	8	The tubular steel frame of the gate was snapped and bent out at several strange angles .
te	11	As if in answer to her thoughts , the phone rang .
te	8	" Do not regard my foolishness , my lord , " she met his eyes squarely .
te	8	" We have to go , right now , " she said in a quiet voice .
te	7	Jacob had apparently entered the stairs before Ben .
te	9	In short order , they had him strapped into the interrogation rack and stepped away to let Masque work .
te	11	" I have to admit it is pretty good . "
te	11	Everyone was shocked at the mere descriptions ; Jessica urged them all not to watch it .
te	7	The land and launch ( LAL ) area was massive and dotted with LAL pads .
te	8	I contacted Grandfather for help shortly after our return from Italy . '
te	8	If that is all gentlemen , I will expect a report on progress from you in one week 's time . '
te	8	Noah had to be just fine .
te	10	I could be moments from rescuing my friend .
te	9	The nest was cleaned in preparation for the eggs .
te	6	" According to the scroll , our father 's namesake found , woke and bested the Golden Dragon .
te	10	" I think we should rest a short time , just briefly mind you .
te	7	The shapeshifter tucked his wings in and dove toward the ground .
te	7	Suddenly he felt immensely tired and ravenously hungry and said as much .
te	9	" A look is just a look , what exactly don 't you like about ours ? "
te	8	The burn from the laser blast was completely healed , and Mac still had some glow left in him .
te	7	He avoided meeting our eyes .
te	5	Autumn and Ethan , Jamie and Claire , Cab , Jake , Ned and Luke .
te	10	Tell others you meet about us .
te	6	" So , why did Signor Beppe also come to Malaysia ? "
te	7	Just as the sun and the moon , the deer and the bear all have spirits .
te	6	" Just bring me the damned gloves , " Scott snapped coarsely .
te	8	You have to believe me .
te	9	" I tell you this , my story of disgrace , for a simple reason .
te	8	Introductions were made all around ; the bags were picked up and hustled aboard .
te	5	Study every shadow , every outline , every cut and bruise of his face .
te	9	To do all of it at once ... " he ran out of words .
te	9	Again and again his energy field begins to smooth down , then jumps high .
te	8	Sunlight was finding its way somehow into the hall , and they quickly saw the source .
te	6	After all , I destroyed aliens and humans for a living , violently , without thought or regret .
te	7	All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
te	8	The girl sighed , but let it go .
te	9	I should have asked for $ 200 grand ! "
te	11	You then get some of the local kids to attempt to kidnap me !
te	8	" No such thing , " Callie was shaking her head , " my mom said so . "
te	9	She formed a sword out of the gleaming crystals on her hand .
te	5	( exits ) A2 ( Action Hero Figure ) : DESTROY EVERYTHING !
te	7	A member of our royal family would never stoop to such a thing . "
te	9	" Would you know when he is coming back ? "
te	7	Valerie asks with sarcasm , much the way a parent would address an annoying child .
te	9	The outline was a tumble of rock and stone and ditches carved into the landscape .
te	10	" When we were ... friends ... you liked me a little , did you not ? "
te	10	He lunged with a punch and I sidestepped catching him in the jaw ; we swapped sides .
te	8	" Prepare for departure in twenty seconds , " yet a different voice spoke and began counting down .
te	11	" I probably will never need to ' feel useful ' again in my whole life , " she admitted .
te	10	A shrill cry stopped them in the midst of cleaning the catch .
te	7	" I don 't know , " Mat said , picking up the pitchfork again .
te	6	John pulled his plate back and picked up his fork .
te	5	Every elf , fairy , dwarf , animal , and creature was there .
te	11	A quick glance through his armpit told him that the dogs were almost on top of him .
te	8	She gave me a mock curtsey before sticking out her tongue .
te	6	He reached me and in a freaking fast movement , grabbed my arm again .
te	11	The royal High Priest and his followers had locked themselves away in the temple to avoid the plague .
te	8	" But , it could contaminate the ... " he started to protest .
te	5	" Until this afternoon . "
te	11	Do you know where she is ? "
te	7	Somewhere , perhaps in the court of the Austrian emperor , Joseph Klein was resting .
te	9	Slamming the shell shut at the last moment , the ninja 's swords are caught in a bear trap of sorts .
te	7	She was heavy with child .
te	10	He could feel his strength had been revived .
te	10	But guess what I heard her say ?
te	7	and everybody would run for safety .
te	9	" I mean , not the one who picked up the litter .
te	10	He was diffident , but he was the most sensitive of all of them .
te	8	She knew he wouldn 't have .
te	8	I 'll be there in about an hour .
te	11	He waited until the back of his neck no longer burned .
te	11	Neither was surprised to see him in their doorway -- they 'd seen him running across the fountain .
te	7	The guard had a good six inches and five stone on her but his strong attacks were panicked and sloppy .
te	9	It sniffed the first one then the second one before stopping at the third .
te	6	The bigger and more powerful the neck , the more dominant the male .
te	8	He was now inside the foyer of a large mansion .
te	10	There was someone behind them , farther back along the path the Exiles were taking , someone coming closer .
te	9	What 's news have we today ?
te	10	He walks with even purposeful strides and stares ahead toward his objective ignoring those around him .
te	8	She looked around the mountains for several seconds before sighing softly .
te	6	" In the car , under the front seat , " Black replied quietly , and then continued .
te	6	It was all an act , he knew , but still .
te	8	" In the movies my main role would often be referred to as the ' cleaner ' . "
te	8	She had unhesitatingly started along the outside , and he hissed , " Hold on !
te	9	Did it happen in the middle of the night or were they caught off guard somehow ?
te	8	We jump together and for God 's sake stay together .
te	10	( Topsy , when asked ' why didn 't you go through for Officer ? '
te	10	Which it was busy looking for .
te	6	" Got time for coffee Josh ? "
te	8	' That 's nice to know .
te	8	From his place in the water he could not help but to admire her .
te	11	Considering how to escape the sinking ship of a temple , Rift fails to notice the beasts carefully stalking him .
te	6	" All right , all right , " he said , his expression caught between annoyance and resignation .
te	11	Do you have somewhere to be ? "
te	11	Sergeant Pena indicated the spot where they were to build the redoubt .
te	9	It felt wonderful to amble the streets once more .
te	9	A sparking stroke of energy snakes out from the edge of the portal and strikes Lance in the chest .
te	10	The other half are just too afraid to face up to her . '
te	6	Somewhere beyond was the sea , and across the sea the island of her birth .
te	11	Goodness knew he had not wanted to , but in the end there had been no other choice .
te	11	I mean would you ever want to have a baby one day ?
te	8	They were ready for anything , but it was not good for her nerves .
te	11	" They might help us though I never expect much on them . "
te	8	A feeling of " What the hell do I do now ? "
te	8	I raced back to my car , engaged first gear and pulled away just before the van exploded .
te	7	As she turned around his chin almost dropped to the floor .
te	10	I think I found out where our data went . "
te	8	This time we brought Sam and Joyce , with us to meet the Hammer .
te	11	" You know what is expected of you , yes ? "
te	9	But suddenly , that didn 't seem to matter anymore .
te	10	I also got a message through to the Inspector Lau who you had told me about . "
te	9	" Would you like to talk about something ? "
te	8	" Dude man , you were almost a statistic ... pretty cool , huh ? "
te	8	Jimmy was reaching the limits of his patience .
te	8	You 're awfully close to that edge , " Melody called nervously .
te	7	No , not from her -- within her .
te	11	Ready to stop fighting what she felt ?
te	9	Though I don 't know what I 'm going to change her into .
te	5	Had it been two people ?
te	11	Mostly he and Ruth had been the ones at war , verbally more than physically .
te	11	Theodosia blinked and said , slowly , " Maybe it would be best if we just forget everything . "
te	8	We had to protect you . "
te	9	Feeling increasingly guilty , Link presses his forehead against Epona 's while he considers Ilia 's words .
te	5	It 's a two-bedroom cottage .
te	6	But of all the presents that night , she kept that one with her the whole time .
te	10	You don 't know exactly who you 're dealing with . "
te	8	He still had plenty of lives left .
te	7	You may count on my life-long thanks and support . "
te	7	" Then you step up to the raised area and leave your shoes . "
te	6	Then , without any further wavering they charged - the fight was on .
te	7	I work , too , " he said proudly , " I run the Snack Shack on the beach . "
te	9	The lights came on upstairs in Lilly Ann 's house as they did in many houses nearby .
te	9	But how far would these ruffians go to exact their revenge ?
te	9	I studied her stricken expression for a moment longer before turning to the computer .
te	9	I wanted to know why .
te	6	His eyes were wide , more shocked than all of us .
te	7	But the thrill of her accomplishment blotted out the pain and horror of the day .
te	9	The storm becomes even more intense , the downpour shrouding the entire dome as more shifting stone rumbles in the distance .
te	10	She had a stack of folders in her arms and was reaching distractedly for the access badge at her waist .
te	9	Wisely , Drew also grabbed their backpacks so the Americans could carry their supplies .
te	7	He pushed them aside with his hands and moved forward a few steps .
te	9	Will you forget our verbal attack on your person , and let us welcome you anew to our home ?
te	10	" Sarah , can you tell me how Seamus escaped the three thugs to tell the story ? "
te	10	Abby made him want to live .
te	11	He stepped up to the tree and grabbed one of the unearthed roots next to the stairs .
te	9	The cab lurched out of the pickup lane with a squeal and merged into the maelstrom of northern Virginia traffic .
te	5	Ordered compliance , and again my head shook .
te	6	At best ... imitating us ... a trained monkey . "
te	6	" Oh ho , perhaps my time has finally come , " he said .
te	8	Logan still seemed dazed , while Jacob was flushed .
te	8	Each locked eyes and stepped onto the frigid , uncaring marble tiles .
te	7	" To my shame , yes , " he answered with his head bowed .
te	6	That 's right , no , " James said , laughed and left .
te	7	That one was the worst sin of all .
te	11	It might have worked had he not been wearing the devil mask .
te	6	A high-pitched roar erupted from the old electric motor .
te	10	Lance states cheerfully while quickly swinging his legs out of bed and jumping to his feet .
te	7	Every nerve ending in her body shouted cravings for the sweetness .
te	8	" If it 's in the Recycle Bin they can still retrieve it . "
te	9	It had come from the direction of the wreck .
te	10	" I 'm sure Lyla will appreciate it .
te	5	" Hello , little brother , " he said .
te	10	And I didn 't care as long as I found Aimee .
te	10	The truth is that Riki is a little much for me at times . "
te	8	" Have a biscuit , " she added , putting a delicate wafer on the saucer .
te	6	At least with all the magic the sorcerer had done , taking control of his mind would be easy .
te	7	At the tender age of eighteen , he was already a leader .
te	5	" What the hell are you talking about ? "
te	10	He wondered if the recent kidnapping attempt would be considered an emergency .
te	10	Did you know you snore ? "
te	6	" In some ways it is my lord , " a female knight with short black hair answered .
te	7	" Get on with it Walter ! "
te	10	Calvin snapped at Raphael 's sometimes uncanny ability to see the positive .
te	10	She could see mist rising above the trees , almost like real clouds indoors .
te	7	He hit the back wall with a crash and lay in a heap , unconscious .
te	10	The house was a large one , built in the shape of a squared-off C .
te	6	Bishop , and give him your requests .
te	11	It was with difficulty that Ben got off at the stop right in front of his school .
te	7	Avery looked up red with anger , a boiling sensation of tension was seething behind his eyes .
te	7	There was that little matter of the offering , though .
te	8	The previous day , she had injected a series of small software programs into the Rapier system .
te	10	They wouldn 't be able to force their way in .
te	6	The women have gray hair , wrinkles , fragile , weak , and sick .
te	9	Is there any way to make peace , or will the world end in discord ?
te	10	" I understand Gem , I have questions too but you have all the time in the world to answer .
te	9	Set that on the edge of the roof also .
te	5	Ah ha ... Chapter 3 : Winter X Games CHRISTMAS VACATION WAS OVER .
te	7	She leaned her head against Neil 's arm .
te	7	Do not resist my friend Tola , this is for your own good . "
te	8	We served in the army together , and he 's the best swordsman in Germany .
te	8	Jake had never given him a hard time , but Ted had always avoided him like the plague .
te	5	The bridge tilted several more inches only this time , downward .
te	7	She put her old , wrinkled hands on the table and shook her head with amusement .
te	6	I pull the map out , and Dane has the tracking device .
te	6	" Turn about slowly or it 's your life . "
te	5	" My mystery tutor , is that you ?
te	6	Rafe subjected them to careful scrutiny .
te	10	" I 'm not certain what we 'll find there .
te	6	' All right then , I 'm awfully sorry , ' George added with a devious grin .
te	9	The party went to the plaza square , where a fire was soon built .
te	10	Again the gun roared out , the kneecap visibly shattering in front of them .
te	9	Scouring his mind , he cannot understand what went wrong .
te	7	Through its constant jabbing and jeering , the voice had finally drained him of all emotions .
te	9	Helped to have the cavalry come .
te	10	Virgil chose that moment to snore himself awake .
te	8	" You mean , for writing my stories ? "
te	10	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
te	5	Too much fightin " , too much of no respec " . "
te	6	A brand new " Don 't use Imps or else " story .
te	7	Toby noticed Victoria 's surprise , then the sadness in her eyes , confirming the truth .
te	7	" What have ye got there , laddie .
te	6	For all my antics , snappy comebacks , and wise cracking , this has certainly been a humbling experience .
te	5	" Ah , that , well now , that 's a story .
te	9	Besides I 've learned my lesson on that one , I have ear plugs .
te	6	Lucas and the ranger were beside the hole .
te	6	" Yeah , well we need gas , " Jimmy added .
te	10	She lays ever bloke she comes across but never brings them back . '
te	9	He kept saying he would .
te	8	he gasped , " you are just as lovely -- more lovely !
te	10	We won 't know till Doctor Everett is revived and has a look at her . "
te	7	Each of them patiently waited for their eyes to adjust .
te	7	" The king 's orders were clear , no one in the Temporal Caste goes to The Dry . "
te	9	Missy grabbed the saddle pad and threw it on Johnny 's back then held the bridle while Kevin saddled him .
te	10	That begs the question - what do you have in common ?
te	6	At the last moment , the Prince turned and ducked away .
te	7	A ruddy flame sparks and dies in Gabe 's aura .
te	5	" Anything , anything , " says his wife and his sons .
te	7	The white water mist was not a power without price , it had fatal consequences for each user .
te	5	" Just tell me the rest . "
te	9	They got to be drawn a map . "
te	9	Or what was left of it .
te	7	She pulled the table out of the way and spread the tarp on the floor .
te	8	But ... At the same time , it was genius .
te	5	After an endless couple minutes , the doctor and the sonogram technician returned .
te	9	Across the place a middle-aged man looked up from the hooves of the horse he was about to inspect .
te	11	There was a fissure that split the rock face and formed a pathway up into the rocks .
te	5	More money , I reckon , more prestige , but nothing new .
te	8	Sometimes , I forget what he looks like .
te	11	I just want to do some of my prep without my mother looking over my shoulder . "
te	11	and Houston was screaming quite loudly so Deaf could hear him .
te	9	The young woman had a problem , that was clear .
te	8	" OK , let 's go , " Kendall said and they all left .
te	10	Out of the corner of my eyes , I sensed that Reid 's movements had also grown slower .
te	11	We need an organization that everybody belongs to and there just isn 't time to build one from scratch .
te	11	Chapter Twenty Two Adele stirred and shrank away from the hand that shook her gently .
te	10	While bent over , he felt a gentle tapping on his back , like the wings of an angel beating softly .
te	8	On the ground where the woman stands grows nothing but burnt grasses and weeds .
te	7	Mark , now wearing a dark blue shirt , was driving in the front seat .
te	8	Not everyone wishes to see another immortal war . '
te	7	She was in love , and at the same time , she could still think rationally .
te	7	Then , without warning , it sped back up and crashed over him like a rogue wave .
te	10	And now the local was trying to pick himself up from the ground .
te	8	she started to shout half a street block away .
te	6	Extending his arms up , he probed gently with his fingers around the metal .
te	11	Her head is thrown back , and she is laughing as the groom hooks her in his arms .
te	10	The ship was angled towards them from the channel running between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan .
te	11	She needed to see him before the landscape changed yet again .
te	9	You didn 't bring your rifle did ya ' ? "
te	9	Don 't try to fight them .
te	8	Despite Miss Wilkinson 's last piece of advice Barry ran home and picked up his electric guitar deciding homework could wait .
te	11	He 'd need a swimming pool of a water and a full moon to survive a hit like that .
te	7	He picked it up , took two cartridges from a box and slid them carefully into the barrel .
te	10	I am too terrified to touch him , so my hand just lingers above his shoulder .
te	6	Let him out , sergeant : " An " take your rubbish home wid you ! "
te	7	As Rick came down the stairs , the basement came into view .
te	8	" So , she wants to be our guide ?
te	8	His sharp gaze searched the room with a practiced air until he was satisfied .
te	11	" I 'm going to keep you safe , I swear it .
te	10	There was nought any of us could do . "
te	8	Melody wandered around the room , marveling at the amazing array of stuff on the shelves .
te	6	Had he seen the elevator ?
te	6	" Here , let me , " he said .
te	9	He tossed them onto the red silk bedspread , next to the heavy religious book with ornate golden swirls .
te	8	Her hostility appeared to shock the doctor .
te	9	Where perfectly trimmed lawns once were , nature is reclaiming what is rightfully hers .
te	10	" Do you need anything else from us ? "
te	8	Malcolm muttered , " She 's on the attack . "
te	9	As the cab approached the resort , Connor could tell it was high end .
te	6	Vendors selling popcorn and hot dogs and ice cream had their carts on the sidewalk .
te	5	" A fine point , " said Yama , " but I agree . "
te	7	Another of her mind tricks , he supposed .
te	6	As she watched , the wings slowly tucked in , folding up .
te	9	There was little difference between the grays on the surface , until his right foot connected with something .
te	9	Mr. Stark lets me keep all of the profits .
te	5	For some reason this last seemed monstrously unfair .
te	9	The tone of her words alarmed me more than anything happening to my own body .
te	5	Actually , to Victoria , there is no deal .
te	5	" Yeah , " he says finally .
te	8	Quickly , while maintaining cover , I made my way and retrieved information on the building and its occupants .
te	7	probably not , but she would make the effort never the less .
te	9	Brazen eventually came to believe it too and wanted the same .
te	10	Two men were kneeling on the concrete floor hands tied behind them with plastic ties .
te	9	Blizzard and Frostbite occupied firing positions behind and to either side of Iceberg , each facing outboard .
te	7	I 'll cut the horse lines , draw them into the dark .
te	11	I could hear the tension in Connie 's voice and knew precisely what was going through her mind .
te	7	Sophia was lost in thought .
te	9	He just held her as she clung to him .
te	10	The Governor had stated that he was unavoidably detained .
te	10	Pouring a little in his hand he splashed it on the girl 's face in an attempt to rouse her .
te	9	I 'm sorry to disappoint you .
te	10	Beside him , stood the white wolf that was staring on her with its wondrous eyes .
te	8	" You can 't just find all that information about people , " I accuse .
te	6	Between the trees , clusters of glowing flowers illuminated the village ahead in yellow , green and white .
te	6	There are two rings , then , the electricity snaps off , the phone goes dead , and everything goes dark .
te	8	His escorts are down , one is neutralized and the other is damaged beyond functionality .
te	11	I wasn 't sure I wanted to know .
te	7	She could physically harm him by now .
te	7	Though they hit the vest , I still gasped at the stinging pain .
te	11	I think you know it was a cover .
te	10	Rafe looked a little surprised as these activities were listed to him .
te	11	I envisioned the devices springing to life , chasing after me and encasing me in their cocoons of metal .
te	7	I tug him behind me , keep running .
te	10	" Jain , what did you say ? "
te	7	On the way to the lab , Derrick 's phone rings , and it is Henderson .
te	8	It was a peculiar shape : very deliberate lines , perfect circles in the center .
te	7	A tram had materialised on the road .
te	11	" I shall have you do what you do best .
te	7	The older man smiled , the falsity of it like grease on his chin .
te	9	It seemed that no one was in any particular hurry .
te	10	" You don 't think I 'm hallucinating , do you ? "
te	6	" I ... I could try again , yeah ? "
te	11	" So , this is where you intend to try again ? "
te	8	" I LOVE strawberries , " I said to Atticus as we both walked down the street .
te	9	He must have been exhausted ; indeed , all of the men had dark shadows smeared under their eyes .
te	9	Our scientists had taken advantage of our extended stay in Puerto Rico and put together a rough census .
te	7	I take up my pen and turn to the next empty page .
te	5	" Well , you can 't , " said Isabelle , not unkindly .
te	8	How frightening it was so far away from her family and where was fate leading her ?
te	7	I twirled like a total girl , the cream-colored tunic cut low , revealing bare shoulders and tantalizing cleavage .
te	8	As they climbed down the steps past Mana , she waved and called something out to them .
te	8	Paying for such a fleet might be possible but it would destroy them in the end .
te	9	His parents would be bewildered by the fuss and publicity , frightened , and angry .
te	9	I saw him shot point-blank in the head !
te	8	And he 's outside , waiting for me ? "
te	7	After a while , aware of her grumbling tummy , Claire headed back to the building .
te	11	The rest of us are to prepare to defend the front line .
te	7	What she hadn 't expressed was her own excitement over the trip .
te	9	" How long will it take , before you know anything ? "
te	7	Thanks to Karl 's great volume , more and more people swarmed over the tents , carrying the injured to safety .
te	10	Butch took this as his cue to continue and pulled out a piece of paper from his folder .
te	7	A young woman dressed in a blue dress and tight t-shirt calls from her smoking console .
te	9	I doubt the other Children know , but I 'm certain the Empress does .
te	11	By then everyone had their heads popping through the windows jabbering about yours truly .
te	8	Nearby , the wounded king struggled to sit up .
te	6	The breeze swirled , and for a moment , I forgot everything .
te	9	By the time my father realized what was happening , the program was beyond salvage .
te	7	I insulted Voltaire 's writings at a salon once .
te	11	Carter said , " It was only a few feet from where -- from Harris ' body .
te	10	Can you imagine if we had gone right over that cliff ?
te	7	" Eda , if you wake up I shall tidy your hair for you . "
te	7	* * * Sometime in the night we all switch seats .
te	5	" Four , wait one , over . "
te	10	Their wonderful temporary ' dad ' set off for the city where the greatest opportunities awaited him .
te	8	" My orders were admittedly unspecific ... " The Prince was frozen in horror .
te	7	Simon had restricted the students ' movements after our arrival .
te	8	Oh , and your wolf may cause some difficulties at court . "
te	5	Jeans , an old Ramones t-shirt , a vintage smoking jacket , and scuffed sneakers .
te	8	In the wake of Lilly 's death , life ceased to be enjoyable .
te	11	" I 'd be lying if I turned you down , " she admits , shedding all manner of formality .
te	7	" I did a quick search at the library here in River Sunday and in Baltimore .
te	11	We agreed to take Drew 's car to rehearsal .
te	9	Before he could finish his sentence , there was an urgent knocking on the door , and then it burst open .
te	5	Isn 't it time to eat ? "
te	8	Riki jumped up and dragged on Neil 's arm .
te	8	She poked her head cautiously around the side of the chair .
te	5	" Yet here I stand , " Aria states .
te	7	In the horrifying reality of the next few moments , Terri closed her eyes and prayed .
te	7	As he pulled her close , he slid the silver ring on her finger and squeezed her hand .
te	8	In his eyes she saw her suspicions were right .
te	9	Do you have an outfit ? "
te	7	So eventually , cold embarrassment still wrapping around her , Henrietta turned away from the women and ran up the path .
te	8	" Will you be my big , younger brother and keep a look out for me ?
te	7	I listened but remained unresponsive .
te	7	The team leader called out the final distance in centimeters .
te	7	Then , step by cautious step , she crossed the final few feet to the fence post .
te	8	The ranger gestured toward a blond kid with short hair standing away from the crowd .
te	5	" Sarah , please , " Mike said .
te	11	" Well , are you going to talk to me ? "
te	11	The stench of iron hung heavy in the air from the blood that spewed from the wounded .
te	7	Even though we were a powerful fighting nation , we never killed our comrades and fellow citizens .
te	6	Hai Hai 's whiskers twitched appreciatively , and she gave the priest a rare smile .
te	7	" The police car is parked just around the corner . "
te	10	I took the earpiece out , strode across the study and turned to stare at the others .
te	9	You 're right your guitar sounded amazing . '
te	6	Although remote geographically , the presence of a permanent gate kept it important , politically .
te	10	It took me awhile to see through your plan but now I am back to claim her .
te	9	Do you feel her , Watchers ? "
te	9	Besides , ten defeats in a row at Connect 4 are more than I can stand .
te	7	' It 's a long way up , ' said Friedrich .
te	7	" Your little suitor is actually becoming a man , Barbara ! "
te	7	She thumbs the light on and lays the woman down on a faux-leather sofa , then props herself against the wall .
te	6	" No , it wasn 't a heart attack ; it was just a panic attack .
te	7	" That was my idea actually , " Gabe grins and sits up on the bench .
te	7	" We had nowhere else to turn . "
te	8	' Not for a day or two , at least .
te	10	I 'm sure I 've got all day . "
te	9	It 's still set on seventy-three just like last time . "
te	11	William shuttered , and 007 seemed to notice a look of concern crossing his face .
te	7	They lapsed into silence , and the Prince closed his eyes .
te	7	" He 's unconscious , but he 's breathing , boy , " Hilda said .
te	7	After looking all these years ?
te	8	" It is the burning and the haze of the smoke .
te	10	It 's like having a phone in your head .
te	9	Can you help me take it apart and bring it back to town ? "
te	11	I 'm sure I can get about the same over at some brothel . "
te	5	" Of course , Commander , " Dresden replies .
te	7	All money and wealth was now either barter equity , commodity , or precious metal based .
te	11	Sarah led Dan to the door and jerked back a curtain to get a better view of the street .
te	11	He wondered how long the Comet 's engines could keep going and listened for any unusual noises .
te	5	" And jinxed , you are my main player . "
te	11	" He was , but you don 't need to worry about that .
te	10	How could he possibly guess what she 's been thinking ?
te	10	I am pleased to be of service . "
te	8	" You realize of course that we have security cameras .
te	7	I 'll need a gun , " I say .
te	8	Rick needed to respect boundaries .
te	10	Simple childhood acts that most kids did a dozen times each day .
te	10	He considered for a moment what to do .
te	6	He held out a hand and shouted , " No ! "
te	6	Agents Finch and Todd hastily grabbed for their pistols .
te	7	They studied the family 's each and every movement around the clock .
te	11	" I 'm afraid we can do nothing , " said Stubby .
te	8	I heard a muffled hiss , followed by a protracted silence .
te	6	" How 'd it go Dr. McDreamy ? "
te	7	" In that case , " she reached over and shook her hand through his hair .
te	9	" The nuclear explosion basically took out everything in the UK that was electronic .
te	8	" Tell me , or I 'll tear your arm out of its socket ! "
te	8	The Director will be with you immediately , ' she murmured politely .
te	8	A hole opened , and he was almost lost in it .
te	8	That 's what I thought then .
te	7	The replicator changes the molecular state of air to objects .
te	7	" They 're winning four to two !
te	7	No disrespect to women 8 .
te	8	He did not feel in any way slighted and was therefore not ill at ease .
te	9	For Jonesy , Hangar Six was what he was really waiting for .
te	7	" Hope no one 's messing up the crime scene , " said David , " Forensics on the way ? "
te	7	She held the gun muzzle away from her as if frozen .
te	7	I put the Cruiser into gear and followed .
te	8	Seconds later , a strip light shattered onto the wall of rubble .
te	8	In the morning it was more of the same , and at the gold mine too .
te	10	It was an arrangement that worked surprisingly well given the circumstances .
te	10	The first thing was to figure out where he was .
te	11	He was one of the Children , and was finally being given the respect he deserved .
te	10	" If we go down that road , we may not be able to come back .
te	5	" No , not us , " Gabe follows my gaze .
te	7	The text message contained the password , but he really didn 't need it .
te	7	In a far corner the dervish lay bound on the floor .
te	9	" Takes getting used to .
te	5	" Ok then , " he said nervously .
te	11	She looked at Diana who was crying silently .
te	10	The two were best friends but they rarely spoke about themselves , never let her in on the bond they shared .
te	10	I 'd bet that the goats would be faster .
te	11	I have some insights I wish to share .
te	11	Landon scrubbed his scalp and skin hard enough to make each tingle and almost sting .
te	10	" We wouldn 't want to be any burden , " Taylor subjected .
te	10	" Like all superheroes , we 've got to live on the down low . "
te	10	She knew he 'd fed on someone .
te	10	" Then you go get one of the shuttles ready . "
te	9	I 've got to do something !
te	11	" It 's just something I want to do .
te	6	" A little heat and hot coffee will certainly warm them up . "
te	5	Over the lips , through the gums , yada yada here it comes . "
te	9	The prospect of being blown asunder wasn 't too laughable in the dead of night .
te	5	" You got the River Sunday police patrol up here .
te	8	The beautiful night past would be the last for some time .
te	8	Can you secure your sector and lock down your targets or do you need back up ? '
te	7	Thanks to you my collection has almost doubled in size . "
te	6	" In that case , you simply jump through a window or head out the front door . "
te	8	Kevin could not have hoped for a better day .
te	6	No more cleaning , no more cooking , no more hauling food and water or forced bathing .
te	11	' I 'm really struggling with how I feel about it .
te	11	It was a look that no sane creature would want to encounter .
te	11	Coleman seemed to know what was coming .
te	7	Who else was interested in Marie and Aimee ?
te	7	Gabe crushes the paper wrapper from his burger and throws it in the bag .
te	7	" Did you save something for me ? "
te	11	I 'll fill you all in after you 've all made yourself at home here .
te	9	You 're going to find them . "
te	9	We need 007 to set the Eye and make the connection soon . "
te	8	Something in what he 'd said surprised Chris .
te	8	You could have been my personal slave , " Gwendolyn suggests with amusement .
te	10	The classical music started to sound like something from a horror movie -- the part where the main character gets killed .
te	7	Logan looked at me , something clouding his face .
te	10	" I 'm taking it to a check at lunch and launching it online . "
te	9	" It will be all you need .
te	10	She moaned loud enough to make him wince .
te	5	" Hey Vane , you want the white meat or dark ? "
te	6	During the day , its many pods are deactivated , but at night it 's a minefield .
te	10	There was no retaliation , but he saw two dark shapes heading down the road toward the east .
te	7	" Is that your cellphone ? "
te	7	In fact , our short wave radio is out and our generator went down also , " the store clerk said .
te	10	I stepped out into a dark void , turned and flicked a series of switches on the wall to my left .
te	9	He wasn 't thinking about much of anything , just existing .
te	9	I turned to look at her .
te	11	He paused , waiting for her to reply , but Eda remained dumb .
te	10	Her hand came out of the dark and caught Valerian 's wrist as he stumbled blindly on the steps .
te	10	" Just as we expected , " murmured Dr. Taylor as a view of wasteland filled the screen .
te	6	' I can 't ... can 't hold ... ' Her grip was weakening .
te	9	The talons missed him by inches , gouging the cupboard 's surface .
te	7	She had , and in front of witnesses .
te	5	Chapter 18 For Amara , the next several hours were a desperate blur .
te	8	And we could all have a beer in space one day ! "
te	9	David looked at his watch again and saw he only had a few minutes .
te	9	" I am getting so tired of this , " he said quietly .
te	8	The sounds and smells in the evening air became sharper : the tangy River Seine and the laughter of couples nearby .
te	5	The weather , the plants , the animals , and our human survival are all inextricably linked .
te	11	When are you going to start setting the alarm clock ? "
te	8	You seem to have a problem .
te	8	She smiled in a dreamy sort of way .
te	8	For the robots it must have been a very momentous sign .
te	8	" We let the strangers pass and ambush the Devils . "
te	9	Even so , none of it was a real problem , if he was with her .
te	11	The checkpoint surprised Nathan so much he almost walked upon the sentries unawares .
te	5	" It just did , " said Lanai , " before , I mean . "
te	11	Benjamin must have released her just as Alejo 's punch slammed into her nose .
te	9	" I 've never slept anywhere except in a house or hotel in my whole life .
te	10	Every time Candice looked at her son she was reminded of her husband .
te	8	I knew how it would be .
te	6	During that time , Birgitte never changed her defiant stance or looked even slightly uncomfortable .
te	8	Getting mixed up with them inside a house can be much more difficult .
te	11	Everyone round these parts was schooled by Seamus at one time or another . "
te	8	The picture slipped from my fingers and I slumped to the floor , blinking away tears .
te	11	" I 'm just a sales rep. " " Where do you live ? "
te	10	The Parisian police were becoming more intrusive in order to prevent similar incidents .
te	5	" A whole bunch , like everywhere . "
te	6	By noon , Derrick and Dane return , but unfortunately , they are empty-handed .
te	9	" Duke and I went out looking for the grey 's den . "
te	10	Bingo , the typical parental phrase came to light , and I smiled guilty that I was leaving my country .
te	8	A noise came from the down the hall in my bedroom .
te	10	Well , it seems every government oppresses its people or is corrupt or even evil .
te	9	It was May , nearly winter in Bolivia , but here the earth was still full of butterflies and tangled flowers .
te	8	He almost looked forward to training aboard the Hermann once she became operational .
te	6	" You are our weapon , " said the voice of an older scientist .
te	8	" That is true , " said the Angel continuing his line of thought .
te	11	I don 't want them to see any of that . "
te	7	" In that case , I should get back on the road .
te	9	" No wonder they looked heavy , " he said .
te	6	They were both masked , their identities sealed from prying people .
te	10	He carefully backed away leaving no sign of his presence and walked back to the ATV .
te	9	Each drilled in the old ways ... ... their heritage instilled in them ... ... ... .
te	11	I said I 've nearly got them persuaded .
te	8	All four are kneeling ... they 're waiting for something .
te	6	" Sure , " I muttered , " I just don 't really remember the events very well . "
te	6	After a long silence , her dad said , " Uh , Lizzie ? "
te	10	" I 'd still be in a lab someplace if it wasn 't for you guys . "
te	5	His energy is so near .
te	9	' Do you have a gun , Mr Soul ? '
te	10	I assumed that he was a friend of yours . "
te	5	Joel , Alice , Jase , Andy , Duff , Harry , George , and Patsy .
te	7	" We 've received certain overtones from the Austrian Emperor Ferdinand .
te	9	When he spoke next , I could practically feel the hatred flowing from his veins .
te	6	For this project , thank you for your beautiful cover artwork .
te	8	I will tolerate no more failures on your part .
te	9	If you wander forth into the plain by night , you will certainly fall prey to the dragons . "
te	11	John was elated ' no Graham we 've done it .
te	7	The French doors stood open , as usual , and the drapes fluttered in a soft evening breeze .
te	9	" Don 't think its going to be that easy , Mr. Mouse .
te	10	The driver climbed inside and backed out carrying a block of ice .
te	6	So I got the whole Guardian thing , but now the whole vampire thing seemed more plausible .
te	10	Fly farther , hit a target more accurately , return to her if it 's close by .
te	6	" Tell them , he wasn 't the one . "
te	8	He hasn 't found us yet , but he 'll try again .
te	7	You steal my food and get caught and you call me stupid ? "
te	8	" I only have nine vehicles with power and nearly four thousand people to transport . "
te	9	Who tried to kill Taylor .
te	6	" Yes sir cooks in seventh heaven . "
te	8	" Lay the blanket in front of me .
te	11	" We need to have some rules about the TV , " she said .
te	6	" Are your brothers , sisters , and your mother safe downstairs ? "
te	10	Wolf Eyes was still groggy , but sat up and tried to get his eyes open .
te	8	It is , of course , unnecessary .
te	11	" We may be able to fix that , " he said .
te	6	* * * " I 'm sorry , Honey , " said Hershel Goldstein .
te	9	You don 't need to see this . "
te	10	I said , " I think I just heard a ghost . "
te	7	" Come on Maya , your head .
te	9	" We don 't want to damage him quite yet . "
te	9	Pretty soon , a dirty grey shell would start growing over my back and antennae would sprout .
te	5	As always I welcome your thoughts and guidance .
te	5	" Garn ... " " Don 't ' Garn ' me , young lady .
te	10	She yells getting ready to bellow .
te	6	Rivers and air and clouds and moons and plants and suns ... but nothing like this creature .
te	8	" Roger that Raven Five , inform us of any change .
te	9	Alejo and the other guys were close by in the clearing , having some kind of meetings .
te	8	After stripping another revolver off our dead enemy , Jacob shuffled back towards his window .
te	9	Was he the tough guy he pretended to be ?
te	5	" They do this every night ? "
te	11	" Why are the robots restoring the church if it 's dangerous for them ? "
te	9	Not ten minutes earlier , he had seemed almost lackadaisical about the status of the operation .
te	9	" Jumping out of airplanes , swimming , saving lives ... " She smiled to herself .
te	9	He got a shock alright but he was quick to recover .
te	5	" You keep strange company . "
te	8	He managed to manipulate everyone . "
te	7	They traveled in a line and picked their way through the woods .
te	9	He had made a charred perimeter around us but still held the civilians in his grip .
te	6	Then one of the huge dogs leapt at his sword arm and bit down hard .
te	11	If you 'd care to follow me ?
te	7	He rolled over quickly and sprang to his feet .
te	11	The living room looks cared for just enough , though everything seems old and overused .
te	8	And with that the Wise Old Man pressed several buttons simultaneously like an experienced pianist .
te	7	We 're getting out of here .
te	9	If something breaks from now on and I am near it , it won 't be my doing . "
te	9	How does he already know I 'm here ?
te	10	Any time you have an answer , I 'd like to hear it , T , " Rick said gladly .
te	7	" Doesn 't mean I want to . "
te	5	And this time , the crazed bitch almost sang that question .
te	7	Has anybody seen those wooden , brightly painted Russian nesting dolls ? "
te	9	When she passed , his world began to spiral out of control .
te	9	" Only my husband knows ; yet I can sense you have a good , trustworthy heart .
te	8	He kept digging , his excitement mounting by the second .
te	8	Then she realized he was bald and shirtless .
te	8	" Stay on this level for now .
te	9	But this was not a voice ; it was a group of animals running .
te	10	Also , I wonder what 's left in the health and beauty aisles ? "
te	6	A creepy chill crawled across my back .
te	10	In a since this is a three-fold mission , hopefully , everybody 's going to get something out of it . "
te	10	" You think of something concrete then , " he hissed , swigging a large gulp from his glass of wine .
te	10	Mark remembered that he had received a few texts from him .
te	7	Adele sagged against it , laughing helplessly .
te	11	Three barrels burned with fires as small groups of people gathered around them for warmth .
te	5	For the last three days , she received no bath .
te	11	Eda blushed thinking of the kisses they had just shared .
te	5	Monstrous purple and pink begonias , bromeliads , and orchids lined the rainforest floor .
te	6	I could carry your stuff .
te	6	He bent over and kissed her .
te	11	Do you know where I live ? "
te	11	he heard Bradley ask instead of giving John any positive feedback .
te	11	This was necessary to prevent the barrels from overheating .
te	10	Neil laughed as she gulped back a protest with supreme self-control .
te	11	I had someone to whom I owed a bit of me .
te	9	" That 's nothing to kid about , Miss , " Franks said at last .
te	8	He quickly gathered his things and jumped from rock to rock , desperately fleeing for cover .
te	7	The final portal to the sacred realm slowly closes , and for the briefest moment , the room falls silent .
te	11	Beautiful , if I am to speak truly .
te	10	Stumbling , I launched into another dark alleyway , splashing water from a puddle in my flight .
te	9	" Don 't get cocky on us or anything though , " Rick warned , shaking his fist at her .
te	10	" We will also have to discuss your jewelry choices for the big night .
te	8	After close to two hours in the dentist 's chair , he was finally free .
te	9	Tarleton thought the native would attack and his hand reached for the cook 's knife .
te	8	Neil looked at Riki , and thought , she 'll look just like a sick peacock .
te	7	Come back to bed now and close the window . "
te	5	Across from it was a blonde haired little boy .
te	9	" We 'll never be rid of him as long as he draws breath . "
te	11	Do you know what a Siren is ? "
te	9	She was clearly riled and eager to express her opinions .
te	6	The gypsy holding him gave his jacket a hard jerk .
te	10	She couldn 't understand what was going on .
te	6	Maybe I learned my conversational tactics from him .
te	9	Both legs were loosely tied to the end of the bed .
te	9	He didn 't know if he should laugh or cry .
te	9	He wiped a smudge of frosting off my nose .
te	7	And there in front of the former security expert the two cousins turned into a dog and snake respectively .
te	6	" No , it 's Santa Claus , you oaf ! "
te	10	Reaching up to wipe the sweat from his brow , panic grabs hold of his heart one last time .
te	10	When Simon woke up , Beppe had already finished searching the rest of the house .
te	5	There were no challenges or war cries .
te	11	It 's one of the bone china cups that are kept for best company .
te	10	" Zelda will do just fine , " she smiles , still unsure where his nervousness is coming from .
te	5	" With your parents , you 'd better be . "
te	9	" Can we trace the packages shipped from those locations ? "
te	11	Elaina stirred in the dirt , and Riesling recovered himself enough to help her rise .
te	11	From her voice , I could notice that she was more then upset on me .
te	9	Can you advise when both units are in place ? "
te	11	If it 's made they have it , if not , they 'll make it .
te	11	What that means is learning to follow Jesus , to be a disciple .
te	5	Like all Carpathians , man or woman , she held great power .
te	7	Life was good for right now .
te	8	After the shock had sunk in , the cousins sat down to lunch .
te	11	Others shunned patrol duty to avoid witnessing their neighbors ' deaths .
te	11	Bob , remind me to get them repaired by the shuttle team when we get back later today .
te	6	" I didn 't take off their shoes , alright ? "
te	9	The air felt chillier than before and as I looked around the forest , glowing animal eyes stared back at me .
te	5	Chex Mix , fruit snacks , the dreaded lemon cookie , more Chex Mix .
te	7	Sniffing at the contents , he found it drinkable and handed it to her .
te	7	She clipped the lead to the halter and led the horse out of the stall .
te	8	" If my brother , Will , wanted Jolie dead , he would 've been dead . "
te	10	If Josh was aware of Claire 's critical scrutiny he didn 't show it .
te	10	" No , there is no need to disturb Finan , it is better that we come to you . "
te	10	He probably never would have known either if the apocalypse hadn 't happened .
te	10	" Or maybe we 've just been lucky in not seeing them yet .
te	8	" Would you like a drink to top off the evening ? "
te	6	Lights came on behind the windows on the first floor .
te	10	Fat water rivulets streaked the window , crawling across the glass in convoluted streams .
te	6	" Daddies little boy , daddies little boy , daddies little boy , daddies little boy . . "
te	8	The girls arrived in the kitchen , and Claire searched her meagre supplies for something to eat .
te	8	Eda put her arm around her friend 's shoulders and drew her into a comforting embrace .
te	5	My vision blurred and my hands shook .
te	5	" You gave me a few scares out there . "
te	8	The old couple had been to town the day before .
te	8	he commented , " All the houses are wood and the roofs thatch .
te	8	The trucker turned as red as the tinned tomatoes on his plate .
te	6	And now , nearly two weeks later , here he sat with Hawk in the cantina .
te	10	" Well , Lilly Ann is correct , ' That which is likened , onto itself is drawn . '
te	5	" And I have a gun . "
te	8	Then right on the shore of the island they all saw a huge dragon with three fire breathing heads .
te	10	she shot back , mind spinning for another way .
te	10	She shrank back as a red imp popped up from behind her cushions .
te	6	At least we don 't collect Beanie Babies . "
te	10	" Might as well have a small one before she comes home , " he thought .
te	8	Cade opened his eyes , considering for a brief moment .
te	8	By the end of today we should have the stage shots and the disco shots wrapped up .
te	8	There was silence , but several seconds later they were answered on her third try .
te	7	Mason took a sip of his tea .
te	8	To the ends of the earth , until I find the Book , and then I will have Savana .
te	6	" I swear , Ham , " the suited man said , " you are dreadfully stiff sometimes . "
te	11	The moment it passes the vote downstairs , troops from both our countries will be boarding transports . "
te	10	Certainly , they were sleeping in ones and twos , but there had been people working nonstop throughout the entire time .
te	9	" Up to the manor to speak to his Lordship .
te	9	Maybe , if he chewed as fast as he decently could , the dinner would be over faster .
te	10	" We are glad to have you on the team .
te	10	Moving through the stolen portions of time , Rift is able to dodge and attack through nonexistent spaces .
te	10	" Have you seen your friends since you came here ? "
te	6	The bears and the fairy frog ran after the little girl .
te	5	" The sheik obviously lives quite a luxurious life . "
te	6	Dave and Rob never got into the water .
te	7	It was simple , and inglorious , and the Prince loved it .
te	9	" Who 's paying the bill on this one ? "
te	6	Is that for Lilly Ann F. ? "
te	8	I remember because he was only a kid .
te	9	Once he topped the rise , the man began to turn in a slow circle , eyeing the dark desert .
te	8	" There 's two dead ; one with knife wounds and the other has been shot . "
te	7	I exited the shop and tripped over a passing Courtier .
te	11	We live to tell of it because of you .
te	7	Keeping my eyes on the ground , I followed Tork out of the station .
te	11	Then she 'd seen a sign in the literature describing what Grade Five meant .
te	7	" So , what I 'm asking is , " Chris said .
te	6	It glowed in the sunlight .
te	8	Let 's have a look through that door over there . "
te	9	" What are you doing with something like this ? "
te	7	But even this sad turn of events had a strange and inexplicable side to it .
te	7	A rough looking man stepped up to Jeff and took a swing at his head .
te	10	Humans alone have evolved the ability to recognize this threat .
te	9	One of the bounty hunters sat on a chair guarding the front door down the hall .
te	9	called Drake to no-one in particular .
te	7	He twists the knob and opens the door into the master bedroom .
te	8	" I think it 's the braid . "
te	7	Drool wet the side of my cheek .
te	8	Her performance did not do one hair of good .
te	8	The stairs were at the back of the kitchen .
te	6	Sarah put down her pen and flexed her fingers .
te	6	And , despite his timidity , I see you in his eyes .
te	8	That 's all it was .
te	11	' So what 's this trap you propose to set ? '
te	10	" You are going to tell them -- " " Mom , look out !
te	5	" Please , " he said again , " not here .
te	5	' So should you , ' Anna retorted .
te	8	He was too dressed elegant , in a black suite , and his perfume got me crazy , stunning my senses .
te	5	" The Spell Wizard 's power is spent . "
te	11	I thought he would give up by now , but he 's mad ! "
te	8	' I have received orders from my superiors , ' he said coldly .
te	11	Mainly because I 'm not supposed to know myself .
te	9	He had begun to turn red .
te	11	Do you know what Sonic is ? "
te	9	Alistair thought you might be trouble . "
te	10	" Why are you trying to deny , and to not tell the truth ? "
te	10	Katherine told her if Abigail hadn 't snubbed him she might never have noticed him .
te	9	His phone began to vibrate in his pocket .
te	11	" Do you wish to arrest us ? "
te	8	" Looks like you called it , sir . "
te	9	" Does the UN just assume that we can understand their gibberish ? "
te	7	They both met in the center , and just like the first round , they didn 't throw a single punch .
te	9	How do we see beauty if it is hidden ?
te	11	It is the one thing they have overlooked to now .
te	7	" Do you know him ? "
te	6	The specialist whistled in amazement and said : " Wow , remarkable !
te	6	" We see them , Zach , " a soft sad female voice responds .
te	5	" Yes , Mister President , " he said .
te	10	Across the water , brilliant floodlights lit up Nutmeg Hollow , where men and machines were at work .
te	9	" So she just called you up one day and asked if you wanted a job ? "
te	10	No wonder she 's afraid of me .
te	8	Now was the time to put them on .
te	10	He is also working on a horror series , " Elements of The Undead . "
te	10	She has a way of making the children like her .
te	9	She spoke as a soldier in a war might have spoken .
te	10	" Well what do you know ! "
te	7	They went to their houses and got their medicine bags , war clubs , lances and bows .
te	9	Every once in a while , Malcolm tried to catch my eyes , but I refused to play his game .
te	11	It was at this moment that an explosion seemed to rock the whole world .
te	6	" Ah , no , my friend , " she told him with a chilly little smile .
te	10	This rest , while monotonous , proved to be therapeutic in a way .
te	10	" I wish you wouldn 't do that , " said Brazen .
te	6	Kaylie and Alex were bleary-eyed , but awake .
te	6	The door by my head closes .
te	9	Aha , the Lord expected to see this man with her .
te	7	" Cera can hold her own , and how do you know their Middle Eastern ?
te	8	Even with no teeth , if the zombie got to her , Melody stood little chance of survival .
te	8	Out of the blue Helen Spade turned to Taylor , " You and Hunt are very close .
te	7	Reggie was silent for a moment .
te	11	Do you know where Raquel is ? "
te	5	There is no enemy here , only children .
te	9	" That wouldn 't have been an extremely pleasant experience for me .
te	9	I opened my eyes to my solar system lamp perched on my nightstand .
te	10	As soon as she got most of the loose stuff off , she held it out for Alex to scrub .
te	6	Simon , feeling completely devastated , simply retreated into his own world .
te	5	' Ah , Mrs Whitlow , ' said the Senior Wrangler .
te	10	Tim stopped and grabbed Andy by the arm , pulling him to the side of the corridor .
te	6	" I got a nerf soccer ball , Ninja Turtle coloring book , crayons and a soccer game . "
te	8	" I don 't - " she started to say .
te	6	I 've got four girlfriends actually .
te	6	" But the night 's still young and Cady and Cera are probably still alive . "
te	8	" The longer we wait , the more chances they have for ambushing us .
te	10	Orders were specific there would be no prisoners .
te	10	To jump right in without that living proof seems like a big leap of faith to me .
te	9	He then went down to the bank of the river to wait for the others .
te	11	" We 'll be picking rocks out of that for a while .
te	9	I stood next to the food table and turned away from everyone to readjust my garter belt .
te	10	Mai exclaims , beginning to seem excessively impressed by everything Rift does .
te	7	Suddenly a red mist appeared around his head and he fell back into the grass .
te	10	" Okay , what was it about their relationship which baffled you ? "
te	10	Seed would also have to be brought up .
te	6	" Cabbage , onions , and tomatoes , " Pat called back to Grace from the ovens .
te	7	" What 's the matter with you ?
te	8	You have to take the safety off first . "
te	8	One by one , they fell away and were pulled clear of the vessel .
te	6	This case wasn 't just a hot one , it was a potential career killer .
te	9	For a few minutes Signor Beppe looked at Simon , letting him absorb the information .
te	7	From what you say , they sound altogether dangerous and impulsive . "
te	8	" When you have good news , the public will forgive just about any gaffe , " Sam shrugged .
te	8	We 're all that she has , and fuck , look at us .
te	10	Some very ominous events are about to take place , " said the Angel embracing the boys goodbye .
te	8	They were intended for soldiers and gave better freedom of movement and visibility .
te	6	The blue represented friendly forces and it wasn 't a pretty sight .
te	6	The largest shopping mall in North America , with more than four hundred stores ?
te	5	Outside , Carl moaned , low and bubbling , then fell silent .
te	10	Once there , Beppe decided that they would take his car to the airport .
te	10	He shook off the thoughts weaving through his mind ; it was time to be alert .
te	10	She looked uncomfortable , uncertain if she could do it .
te	10	All you have to do is turn up smiling . '
te	7	He grabbed her hand and pushed open the back door , and the three of them stepped outside .
te	9	They could hear yelling behind them but could not make out the words .
te	8	" Nice rope you got there . "
te	7	She only knew it in its present form , but from here she could almost make out its former vibrancy .
te	8	Since there was no other family , the estate was totaled and Richard got himself a very large estate .
te	8	Within a year she was ' with child ' , and three years later she didn 't know by whom .
te	10	I 'll pay you for a couple of hours and show you the ropes .
te	11	Raj was focused on finding out the details of their assignment .
te	8	If you could do that , your team would score a point .
te	6	It was her late husband , John 's wish .
te	8	For a brief second the Roberto that she loved was back as she touched his cheek .
te	8	" I 'm tired of running .
te	9	But I liked that he was helping me .
te	8	Was up a grand on roulette by midnight , but lost five on the blackjack table .
te	8	When their short discussion was finished they turned around to face the question .
te	9	Mark set down the drink as Jimmy took a large bite out of his burger .
te	6	Everything 's rock hard , but this little place here 's soft . '
te	11	" I was scheduled to receive measurements for new attire nearly an hour ago .
te	10	And she loved it would not change it for anything .
te	6	His arm , forehead , and cheek were all blistered and charred , but he was alive .
te	11	You think it 's hard now , with her focussing on the baby ?
te	11	- If we will go to the end of the rainbow .
te	7	I reached into my large purse and grabbed my taser .
te	7	There was nowhere to run .
te	6	" I don 't know , " Nate answered , " just keep driving . "
te	5	" Well I do , Rose is a randy tart . "
te	9	The lights of a great city , built on either side of the river , appeared before them .
te	11	He whispered , dejected , " I had to , I thought she would come after you .
te	11	I hoped that meant he was okay .
te	11	They took turns staying with me .
te	7	" Something comes , throw rocks at it or come get me . "
te	9	He reached under his cloak and pulled out a black satin cloth about the size of his closed fist .
te	7	Claire read it for a third time , but it still made no sense .
te	11	Laurence was always beside me but not spiritual , meaning the fact that I cannot discuss everything with him .
te	7	Even nature seemed to rejoice .
te	9	" You are more than I thought Connor .
te	9	She fed him a piece of dried apple before swinging up onto his back .
te	5	Martha Stewart to the max .
te	11	I 'm sure they were terrifying to her . "
te	6	" So , are all witches evil , or are there good ones too ? "
te	10	Glancing up at the door , I half expected someone to walk in there and then .
te	10	If you know any experts from the future , please , let me know and we 'll contact them . "
te	7	He only killed out of necessity once , but that was a long time ago . "
te	10	We are very fortunate that we have you both here unharmed .
te	11	The descending chop is slapped aside as Rift turns to engage .
te	8	he shouted to the driver of his Ogre armored personnel carrier .
te	6	The tears are hot on my cheeks , dripping off my chin .
te	10	And not because of what happened to me .
te	5	" It 's not a big deal . "
te	6	The last few days he had been extremely emotional .
te	8	Truth , I wish Landon weren 't here .
te	11	We 'll let you know when we have something . "
te	7	She 's not talking to me .
te	10	We shopped at the market for fresh produce then went on to a bakery for of all things sweet brown bread .
te	10	" Do you want to celebrate ? "
te	8	If the mountain will let us .
te	8	Yeah , we 'll talk about that right now , " Uncle Jeff said in all seriousness .
te	11	The would be assassin is in chains .
te	8	They don 't want to leave !
te	10	Do either of you have a better one ? "
te	10	She was concerned about the absence of Fish 's locator beacon .
te	7	" Yeah , I can read signs , " Stacy said and went back to bed .
te	11	The screen flashed back to Billy while everything was being translated into Ukrainian .
te	7	Harry , you 're medic this time , any questions ? "
te	10	Surely a man who has no grip on reality cannot speak truth . "
te	11	At two hundred yards away , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
te	9	The little girl was in easy reach of the coyote but it only laid its head down and whined .
te	9	She got up and left before he flew off the handle again .
te	7	Still , sometimes I wonder , am I nothing more than a pawn , in some elaborate chess piece ? "
te	6	" Damian is interned , at a center . "
te	11	I want to see who 's there . "
te	7	Marcus takes the pistols and clips still in the teams procession and hands some to Leo .
te	8	The move gave me the opportunity I sought .
te	6	With shaky fingers , I flicked it and a sharp knife popped out .
te	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
te	6	Back in that horrible place , just off the train .
te	11	Big Man promised him with a shaky voice after cuffing the shooter angrily on the back of the head .
te	9	" Nah , I think I 'm going to sit and eat a pie . "
te	6	Laughing , Brooke says , " We only ate there on Wednesdays . "
te	9	You have to let me see .
te	7	The flames leapt closer and closer , dark clouds rose up and rolled slowly over the burning grass .
te	11	I promise there 'll be plenty of leftovers . "
te	11	She could see that Max had lost it mentally .
te	10	" Don 't forget that you saved mine too , " she responded quietly .
te	5	" Well , hello , Sarge , " Cletus mocked .
te	8	She was as if she had an illness .
te	9	She noticed , then , the sooty footprints on the kitchen floor .
te	7	Mohan directed 006 into the passenger seat and closed the door .
te	10	Surely there are easier ways of getting around and staying invisible .
te	10	Your children especially need it now in order to carry out a very important task .
te	9	We could work on finding Aimee together .
te	11	" There is a lot you can learn from a river , right ? "
te	9	The door was open , and a guardsman greeted her when she walked in .
te	6	With piercing eyes , he stared directly into David 's .
te	10	This egregious behavior she had suppressed until such time as it was brought out in regression therapy .
te	8	I didn 't stay for coffee , and ran out the door .
te	11	" I 'm going to need help with this , " Dresden declares .
te	5	And the third ring , Fire , brings out your despair .
te	5	" Abby , because of me you are actually here . "
te	10	Not only one more person just to leave me , but to leave me practically naked , bleeding , and handcuffed .
te	10	That 's exactly what he wants us to think .
te	6	Taylor looked at him with a quizzical look .
te	11	The old woman decided she should say something else so she added .
te	6	The woman drew in a deep breath through her thin nostrils .
te	11	Sid and I are going to have fun with you . "
te	9	You know where to find me .
te	11	' Airport Arrivals ' always seems to be such a happy place she thought .
te	10	He was still deep in thought when the three C-5 pilots knocked on his door and entered his office .
te	8	For a long moment Gan was unable to move or speak .
te	6	" Oh , blast it all " came a high , clear voice out of nowhere .
te	5	" Peru , I hear , " my brother Jason , said .
te	10	You just sit tight and someone will shout when they 're done . "
te	7	They had followed him from the bank !
te	10	Jim called excitedly , " George you 've got to see this ! "
te	6	" I don 't know , " I say , " that 's the whole problem . "
te	7	And if I was right , things would only get worse .
te	9	Captain le Roux asked the next morning , after the hanging of the remaining pirates just after dawn .
te	10	Scott closed that pocket and went to the next only to find it empty .
te	10	He wondered if they had any reasonable hope of survival .
te	11	Zoe shouted , trying to back away from the web .
te	9	He needed his time to calm down .
te	9	Her quiet , breathless moans as she arched beneath me .
te	9	We focus on the breeding side of the business rather than the racing .
te	9	There , standing at the edge of the underbrush , was the little girl and the bear .
te	6	" In our world , it was just days , " she murmured .
te	6	" Oh , stow it , " Riki snapped .
te	8	Amanda slowed and pulled to the side of the road .
te	6	The world view shifted back into place .
te	7	Bless her heart , the little girl perked up in her chair and beamed at me .
te	8	" These they enslaved and set to building a city .
te	6	" Stay here and keep quiet . "
te	5	" Ali , " Abu happily greeted the leader .
te	9	He ducked behind a tree , concealing his breathing as much as possible .
te	10	Melody spun around , holding the knife out in front of her , ready to fight .
te	10	Now what do yous say to her ? '
te	11	He had no choice but to put his arm around Andy and help Mr Brown .
te	7	" But never like this , and never without warning . "
te	10	" I will do what I have to .
te	10	We think she 's after us , " Stacy said .
te	6	" Okay , okay , it 's just that ... " " What ? "
te	8	I was already white as a piece of paper .
te	7	With a deep sigh , Jack picked up his phone and punched in a four-digit number .
te	9	Now that she had loved him so much .
te	10	asked a voice , " from where ? "
te	9	" Very well : for some reason they were in danger from the hunt .
te	6	" You have a death wish or something little man , " I yelled .
te	11	He replayed the hit he inflicted on Andre over and over again in his mind .
te	5	To his credit , his tone was only surprise , not unease .
te	9	" You want to talk about it ? "
te	8	The automated voice took on a more artificial tone as the small speakers in his helmet activated .
te	11	All the same , I know Claire had been someone special to him , at least at first .
te	9	She saw no more for a while after that , because her mother dropped her , and it hurt .
te	9	The bullet travelled through the various layers of clothing never finding any skin tissue .
te	9	It is a promise he gave his life for .
te	6	This time the bite was not as severe , it didn 't resemble the first bite at all .
te	9	For having rocks for brains ?
te	11	I do not know what their purpose is in these lands , but we must be wary .
te	11	" There 's something she 's not telling me , " thought Mason , " but now is not the time .
te	6	Matthew observed Bax 's right hand move ever so slightly closer to his pistol .
te	7	" Let 's check the messages first . "
te	9	You may wield no weapon other than your body and your forked sword .
te	8	Lastly , he placed the package with the notebook and GPS in the front pocket of the pack .
te	10	It was hard going as both men 's minds were on that strange sculpture .
te	11	If they were going to rush her , she thought , the moment she attempted to mount would be the time .
te	8	Nothing was heard or seen of any other federal or state government personnel .
te	6	I asked , but after that , I regretted my question .
te	8	" Speed decreasing back to Mach 19.6 .
te	5	" Mr Gorn 's description is crude but accurate .
te	7	There was a muttered exclamation , and a hand shot out and grabbed her wrist .
te	6	" Sorry about your friend . "
te	11	The stew had been started earlier that day and had been simmering in the pot for hours .
te	7	I must admit , I was more afraid on board your ship than on the Contra O Vento . "
te	7	Landon paid no mind to the owls -- he was more concerned about the wolves .
te	5	" She did not , she could not ! "
te	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
te	10	This frigate would require eleven modules but it was the smallest of the ships being built .
te	8	He fell , headlong , into the black hole of the abyss .
te	10	He looked puzzled for a second then laughed .
te	10	To see who goes first . "
te	5	After the first three massive volleys , the mules began lighter work .
te	7	With a tinge of sadness , he stepped away from the wreck and turned toward the barking dog .
te	6	A small valley nestled up to a cove with a waterfall .
te	8	" Some say December 25 , year 0 , of course , but they are in the extreme minority .
te	6	Without another word , he moved away down the hallway .
te	9	The card was obviously sent for a reason and not simply to wind them up .
te	7	A little sleep and you 'll be just fine . "
te	11	Downstairs , Theodosia heard Miriam 's screams as Furnace closed the door .
te	9	His next stop was to be Singapore , but he never arrived .
te	5	" Chihuahua , Wonder Horse and Star Power follow me . "
te	9	The water was cool and refreshing as they swam underneath the surface .
te	9	" They 're going to murder the king .
te	10	Ishmael hadn 't even had time to lower the gun , and Alejo was gone .
te	7	Di Luca cried dramatically , his face flushed but happy .
te	10	I 'll text you a wake up text , " Jess said and stood up .
te	11	But it 's upsetting when this suffering is borne for such an artificial reason .
te	6	" Hope you get your memory back , " Kendall mockingly said .
te	5	" What kind of outfit ? "
te	10	It 's a small thing and huddles in the corner of its cardboard box .
te	8	She grabs Jason 's hand and rubs it , her eyes filling with worry .
te	9	" Very well , pilot , prepare to take us into the portal . "
te	6	Flat stomach , patchy legs , foolish purple bangs .
te	8	Beyond it , stairs led to living spaces on the second level .
te	6	" He 's wise , and -- " " He 's evil ! "
te	8	Scott looked at the window and only then heard the sound of the car .
te	8	The driver bargained with Andre over the price and eventually settled on a payment closer to Andre 's original offer .
te	7	" Hi Ben , " said Victoria from off screen .
te	6	" I am not hungry , either , " he informed me , his expression dark and sulking .
te	7	From behind , he heard the man speak .
te	6	Rick knelt down and opened the cube .
te	11	Tally said you have to eject it .
te	7	" I could really use your help with this whole spy thing .
te	6	Because next time you might not be so lucky . "
te	8	" I saw the wisdom in you not going , Mom , " he muttered .
te	6	She gave him a quick hug and a dry kiss on the mouth .
te	8	" So what do we tell our clever , reluctant friend ? "
te	5	" Good evening , young sir , " the baroness said .
te	11	To this extent they had hired a nurse who specialized in the field .
te	8	" As you must have guessed , we are aware of your plans .
te	10	Less inclined to suffer fools or bullies Calvin escaped the force of Brian 's impudence .
te	6	Their best capture team was down with multiple injuries .
te	11	Talon was relieved Flint had changed the subject himself .
te	6	We pounded up the spiraling steps two at a time .
te	9	He was ready to receive her .
te	6	The reply finally came , " Yes sir , we do now . "
te	10	said a voice entering from the open doors behind them .
te	9	Food and drink of all sorts was appearing out of nowhere in front of him .
te	8	Hers was inside a fruit stand near the docks .
te	6	They brought me on a ship this afternoon .
te	8	He scanned the screen , tapping the output menu and nodding .
te	7	Jacob smiled at him and paused .
te	8	" The beacon doesn 't makes sense -- she couldn 't have been that sloppy . "
te	10	Her frame had began to quiver uncontrollably , and she whimpered , tears again coursing down her flushed cheeks .
te	5	Lilly Grace 's smile was answer enough .
te	6	His skin looked even paler , and more sickly than normal , in the lamplight .
te	5	CHAPTER ONE HIS WORDS HUNG THERE , IN THE DARKNESS BETWEEN OUR voices .
te	7	Sitting on the throne was Harald , a coronet resting on his thin black hair .
te	9	On it hung a silver peg leg with Victorian markings sketched on it .
te	6	His heart throbbed for her .
te	7	Hunt , Spade and Farmer squeezed into the van and she quickly shut the door behind them .
te	5	Fairies and trolls , giants and elves , zombies and leprechauns and the invisible man !
te	8	Miriam avoided catching Neil 's eye .
te	10	Massive tree trunks serve as homes , the large arches carved out serving as doorways to the wooden abodes .
te	6	" I am so sorry , I lost my grip on your cloak .
te	8	She marveled at the profusion of hues and patterns on the looms .
te	7	With a sigh she placed the cup back on the table and took out her Lonely Planet guide .
te	7	Without warning , a stabbing pain shot through her skull , daggers behind her eyes .
te	9	Andy was struggling to keep up .
te	8	He broke the silence between him and his father .
te	9	We do have a runway just like you guys , " said the gate sergeant .
te	9	By ' lay off , ' I mean ' shoot in the face and bury in a mass grave . '
te	8	" OK , we 'll -- " Daniel was cut off by the bell .
te	9	With one hand he sent warning shots while with his other he stuffed Alita 's sandwich into his face .
te	8	" That 's in Wales isn 't it ? "
te	11	I need to see if she 's okay ! '
te	7	" As you are aware , Security has a small containment building inside its headquarters .
te	11	It 's a lesson you should learn for the future .
te	5	The way she laughs , tinkling and happy , despite her lowly station .
te	11	Do you know who I am ? "
te	10	" They might be gentle on the ground but hell on wheels once you 're in the saddle . "
te	10	Logan could barely walk he was laughing so hard .
te	5	It 's just a remote control farting machine . "
te	7	I finished my breakfast quickly , set the empty glass on the table , and followed him to the table .
te	9	Scott did as instructed and looked at the landscape .
te	7	' Why , he 's a handsome specimen , isn 't he ? '
te	8	They had made themselves quite at home and were happily sitting at the table drinking tea .
te	7	And yet so many promises , so many stories , so many secrets are yet untold .
te	5	Fine , Alejo steeled himself .
te	8	Then came a startling interruption to a scene at once ludicrous and perilous .
te	10	The process was similar to that used by a plumber when tracing a leaky pipe .
te	10	They let us use a small storage room in the back .
te	9	I think the new addition will be perfect .
te	9	She shot out of her chair and crossed the room to where I stood .
te	11	He launched himself at the shapeshifter even as Hyperion 's head exploded in a spray of grit and sand .
te	6	In fact , may we start completely afresh ? "
te	8	They begged every passerby for a crust and received nothing but curses .
te	8	' It 's you 're call .
te	9	Mad man , he 's just trying to tease me .
te	8	For that , you don 't know how sorry I am .
te	7	We stood still for long moments , but nothing happening .
te	8	Impressed with her spirit as well as her beauty , the King granted her wish .
te	9	" You also said Wolves fight in order to be chosen . "
te	8	Being in Jolie 's home , which felt cozy and happy , pricked my heart .
te	8	" I could almost think you like him , Rafe . "
te	9	His hands clasped behind his back , he could hear her struggling for control .
te	6	The feeling of panic would not go away .
te	8	I finished fitting a sound suppressor to the Smith and Wesson and murmured a low , ' I 'm fine . '
te	10	He hummed to his master to calm his nerves .
te	5	" Sir , sir , " he raised his hand .
te	8	Get your ass on that plane and take care of this guy .
te	10	" As soon as I could , I made some pretense to go to the village nearby .
te	5	" Well , it 's the wrong one-way ! "
te	10	† † † September 12 , 1621 We have finally arrived on the ship Armando on our long-awaited journey .
te	8	Finding new technologies and methods of defence became a priority .
te	9	" I need to talk to Tim .
te	8	As the reentry mode began , the shuttle could again be seen by all watching .
te	9	The sun was setting in red over the sea .
te	9	" Well , Phillip warned you alcohol wouldn 't work anymore . "
te	9	What about the kind of things you do like to remember ? "
te	11	He 'd tried being a gentleman of leisure , the atypical retired military officer .
te	8	It was dim and ill defined , but nevertheless there .
te	8	He knew she was there .
te	11	I opened my bedroom door and was shocked to see Atticus up and already dressed for the day .
te	6	" I wore my favorite three-piece just for you . "
te	9	I am just trying to wake you up .
te	9	Get the tracker onto the car ... under a bumper or in a wheel well or something like that .
te	8	Well the Trojans would still be active of course .
te	8	Jodie was worn out and sprawled out on the wet cement after the torture .
te	6	" Then this it will be , " Clancy said .
te	9	He couldn 't sleep , so he sat up and looked at the alarm clock by Tim 's bed .
te	10	They are oblivious to what is coming .
te	6	These guys are good , thought Nathan with combined admiration and fear .
te	9	I knew they would betray his next move .
te	9	Afraid that you would be an angel .
te	8	" My partner 's had a fit and he 's collapsed on the floor . "
te	10	Joe now turned to face Ted with murder in his eyes .
te	7	We lived in uncertain times ; distrust and speculation were rife .
te	6	" What was the girl 's name ? "
te	11	They needed to stop up the gas leak caused by the shuttle crash .
te	5	" Well now , gentlemen , " said Mr. Osborne .
te	11	" I think we should go over what transpired .
te	8	Thinking about the book , she asked , " What was the book all about ? "
te	9	Do you want anything ? "
te	7	That usually doesn 't happen on my first dates .
te	9	Upright from the waist , he worked to disengage himself from the tubes .
te	9	He looked out over the pasture where the flash had lit up the sky .
te	11	Probably saved a lot of lives and maybe even kept us from losing everything .
te	9	Reid 's eyes widened in consternation as he slowly moved to the second bed .
te	9	I say to him as I spit blood onto his coat .
te	9	" Hi Archie , " he said rather lamely as Archie grabbed him in a massive bear hug .
te	10	" What are we going to do for water supply ? "
te	11	When he offered to escort her to her quarters , she accepted .
te	11	The murderers had proven elusive , however , and had even managed to escape from the palace .
te	8	Guess incorrectly and , " he pauses , shrugging his shoulders and growing mildly serious .
te	8	Together , the goons rammed the door trying their best to bust through .
te	8	Wry and Vader are both down , but we 're getting them sorted . "
te	5	Assets in Los Angeles , Chicago , Paris , London , Milan , Indonesia and Stockholm .
te	5	That bed bore a single , very frail man .
te	9	I explored the open spaces first before heading for the woods .
te	9	" He said he would support me , either way .
te	5	" No , sir , no , I did not speak . "
te	6	The very thought struck a discordant chord deep within my soul .
te	9	Silence returned , punctuated only by the dripping water , and the high wail started again .
te	6	No chairs or tables or water coolers were in sight .
te	7	Seeing him in the full light was terrifying .
te	6	Without the sun 's rays , the air was cold , somewhere in the low twenties .
te	9	There was suppressed excitement and a touch of wonder in his voice .
te	6	He looked at the sand and wreckage around him .
te	9	He had to keep moving .
te	11	Jimmy was glad Mark had stopped talking .
te	10	The open plot had transformed into a gaping hole in the ground with a staircase descending into the chasm .
te	11	The four of us said goodbye to the deer and Atticus tossed an apple far into the woods .
te	6	Harrison 's blade was razor-sharp and he was obviously an experienced swordsman .
te	8	Theodosia slammed her cup down so hard that the saucer shattered .
te	9	Or Riki invariably popped up in his path and demanded that he take her fishing or hunting .
te	8	The gentle waves of the harbor lacked the luster and the strength of their counterparts amid the open sea .
te	8	Man : We can 't come to the phone right now .
te	6	Still her eyes were suddenly sharp and she studied her tall , straight backed son .
te	10	It was quite an in-depth strategy game stuffed with actual history and just what he and Kaylie both loved .
te	11	They begin to vanished and appeared in front of a significant earthen structure .
te	8	But he 'd used his own discretion , and discretion was the most valuable tool in his arsenal .
te	11	Toby directed these to a log , recording the information so he could later reverse engineer the logic .
te	6	" In the beginning , I liked her a lot , " he said in a small voice .
te	10	" You 're here because you have to be .
te	5	snapped Brown , as Marlon , James and Pandora left their rooms curiously .
te	8	Standing outside the tiny cottage Claire pulled freezing air into her lungs and stared around without seeing .
te	7	Locked in the stall , I sat on the toilet and brought my legs up to my chest .
te	8	Her surprised eyes were absolutely colorless .
te	8	In that city of extensive wonders , time was easy to forget .
te	7	The dark , frozen waters bled inland from the river .
te	6	A voice inside me whispered , Quit fighting , just let go , let go .
te	5	Carry on , pilot , " Jason says confidently .
te	10	" She stay with Katsu all time ... where Katsu go she go . "
te	6	After a minute or so , I saw a faint glow , barely a break in the never-ending white .
te	10	The music started , the Ball beginning , as she moved into the room .
te	9	Currently we only operate one third of the turbines at any one time . "
te	9	So , you see , by association and your presence here , you are interesting . "
te	6	Out of the blue , a week before his trip , his old girlfriend Chloe looked him up again .
te	8	She reckons it causes trouble . '
te	11	Reading it seemed to help put it in perspective for herself .
te	8	Looking for Aimee could be considered spying , but I 'd never felt in any real danger .
te	9	' They 're nice people , ' Reid said gruffly as we drove away from the city .
te	11	I know how difficult it is to think about .
te	8	He said , ' And yet somehow you 've got a boat to yourself ? '
te	8	In the ensuing silence , Zoe took a deep breath , released it , and her smiling disposition returned .
te	9	He knew what was bothering me .
te	6	" An article on porno star Jon Slocum : My Hard Earned Money . "
te	10	She turned to find where he indicated .
te	9	Painfully , she managed to slide to the ground .
te	8	It jerked and squawked , fluttering wildly for a moment before calming .
te	8	With a soldiers sixth sense he knew they had gone .
te	11	That is all I can say for now .
te	8	Did the driving when he got tall enough . "
te	8	" I hope they never come back .
te	11	" I think it means something special will happen . "
te	8	Are you going to set the bone ?
te	9	They 're about to interrogate him .
te	5	" Of course , I understand " .
te	10	I am simply very aware of the alternative , still I will be judged by my words and my actions .
te	8	Someone -- the CIA , I assume -- is at least one step ahead of us , maybe more . "
te	11	Wolf Eyes had to be careful because he had almost no light .
te	9	Is that what she is ... middle aged ?
te	11	Using the handkerchief that had held the pear , he picked up the chamber pot and headed for the door .
te	7	" You certainly get into your work , " said Cathy , noticing Maggie 's appearance .
te	11	" That is the one thing you must never ask of me . "
te	7	I pulled his arm towards me , grabbed his head and slam it into my chair .
te	6	Rain had squelched the fires .
te	11	He kissed her breathless and she chuckled as she gave herself to him , her arms around his neck .
te	11	Orange and reddish colors danced off the walls of the pit in front of him .
te	8	Victor took a sip of his coffee and put the cup down carefully .
te	11	All he could think to do was to put his arms around her .
te	7	He ran for a while and then he came back .
te	9	Just need to get started .
te	7	" That would be a rubber bullet , " a voice explained from behind them .
te	5	" Oh , Helena ... " " It 's alright , Ernest .
te	7	The burgers filled my Audi with savoury aromas increasing my hunger ten-fold .
te	8	Stacy walked up to them and said , " Tori , we have English first period , let 's go . "
te	7	" Time to go , " he said as soon as she answered .
te	6	Head wounds are still fatal but the other hit spots aren 't as reliable .
te	9	My brethren fell to your blade , but they were fools obsessed with the old war .
te	10	" Get to work on it , Doctor .
te	10	In the space of ten minutes , they had taken the ring of bunkers guarding the mine entrance .
te	10	She was lucky she was right handed .
te	9	Our present rate of drift was such that we would close the coast sometime tomorrow afternoon .
te	5	But each time she moved , the feelings only intensified , not eased .
te	7	" Josie can handle herself , " Kendall said .
te	9	He wished she would speak , say something that would tell him her thoughts .
te	10	Would you turn the wheel to steer to starboard ? "
te	7	You cannot - " The Prince 's throat seized up and he broke off .
te	9	Getting a spot on an unfilled charter had been a stroke of pure genius , he had to admit .
te	9	" Thanks , " said Harold , not sure if he meant it or not .
te	5	And then , in the water , my hand finds a rock .
te	11	I think he knew it was a possibility .
te	9	The older boys quickly outpaced the younger ones and reached the pair of canoes first .
te	11	I snatch naps like a panther watching beside the trail for a deer to come by .
te	6	" Right , " Jack agreed , " Too bad the car isn 't . "
te	8	That will weigh well with God , won 't it ? "
te	6	" In her room , " the house mother said and continued with her work .
te	8	It 's okay , it 's just ... " " No need to explain .
te	11	It would take another day for the wound in my chest to heal completely .
te	9	" Ladies first , " he said , still pushing Kevin ahead of Missy .
te	8	' Don 't know John , we were consolidating here ready for the jump off to the target station at Clapham .
te	11	" So he doesn 't know of my plans to try and rescue Ed then ? "
te	6	" ' All them cornfields , " ' whispered Finn , " ' and ballet in the evening . " "
te	9	Let 's take a look at where he 's at .
te	10	Another audible shout sounds from the assembly and time is running out for the gathering to remain intact .
te	11	In a different world , it would be interesting to probe the complex man behind the image .
te	8	The tiger hadn 't overtly threatened them , yet it was a creature of potential peril .
te	6	~ The third man on the beach felt different .
te	9	The younger ones had protested hotly when refused , but the fencing master had the final word .
te	8	There ain 't an ounce of truth in it ! "
te	11	This next decision shall be yours and for my part , I will follow you as you have followed me . "
te	9	" That 's not it , " Sarah said , her finger tightening around Dan 's mane .
te	11	She could still see Ted disappearing into the distance with Joe now in pursuit .
te	8	Chelsea raised the corner of her lip as well as an eyebrow at her .
te	10	Alfonso had no qualms about resigning from his old ship .
te	7	Under the stress of the situation , Melody jerked the trigger again , but this time it made no difference .
te	9	Goodspeed asked , nervously straightening the collar of his polo shirt .
te	6	' Now we wait , ' she said at my questioning gaze .
te	6	The stone man , Mark , pointed a thumb over his shoulder , at Logan .
te	10	We couldn 't save them even if we wanted to , now no more talk .
te	6	" You guys stay here , " he instructed .
te	7	His adams apple bobbed a few times in his throat , but the look on his face didn 't change .
te	11	The spiteful things he 'd been rehearsing in his head seemed to be ducking for cover .
te	5	" Of course not , dear , I 'm not an imbecile .
te	5	" Of the Cape Cod Times ? "
te	5	As a stage manager , I recognized the model immediately .
te	9	" Uh-huh , it 's the great unknown , the last mystery if you will .
te	6	Anna grabbed her meal and sat there .
te	7	We can 't ride without these . "
te	10	In fact I can 't think of any others who have . "
te	5	This is my house . "
te	11	" Awww , look what you made me do , you jerk ! "
te	8	" It 's being decrypted now , my Laird .
te	6	Our group finally reached the stair 's summit and faced the waiting party .
te	6	Given their raspy and weak voices , it sounded like a fight at an old age home .
te	10	I 'm so grateful to have found family . "
te	9	She rolled over and fumbled on the floor for her phone .
te	9	You need to talk to Samuel .
te	8	" Well , my men will call me soft , but what the fuck .
te	9	" Yes , Jessie , I am fully capable of manipulating memories . "
te	11	" The agencies don 't want to take passengers out this late , you know .
te	10	Noah spit out water and began to cry for himself .
te	5	she demanded , her voice furious .
te	8	His face was turning red - partly from anger , partly from embarrassment .
te	9	Boarding the train had proven to be no problem .
te	5	" No , no , I mean , seriously , it wasn 't . "
te	11	" Are they allowed to ask you ? "
te	8	Leaving no room for error , Melody pressed the muzzle of the revolver 's barrel against the woman 's forehead .
te	9	He heard it once and again , the laughing gurgle of a freshwater stream .
te	7	He held it up for them to see .
te	10	Look I have to go .
te	10	I should have been in that hotel lobby when the bomb went off .
te	8	" They 're preparing to attack ? "
te	9	" What happens when we get close ? "
te	8	" Maybe others have passed through before and I never even noticed ? "
te	9	" He said , that will lead you home . "
te	6	No names were mentioned , but he was very angry . "
te	8	Nuru said trailing off into a maniacal laughter .
te	7	After all , I was pretty noticeable in this bright orange shirt and torn jeans .
te	9	I only want to build on that . "
te	5	For Amanda Episode 1 Chapter 1 Blank My mother screamed .
te	8	" I 'm listening , Boss , " Beverly replies using the old moniker for her former Captain .
te	8	Oh , and Toby says Jacob is a Hack !
te	6	The final book in the series , Heading Home , will be available December 2013 .
te	9	He was the same dog , wasn 't he ?
te	6	And from this bird 's eye view , the winking city lights flirt with the night .
te	6	" I am not , I assure you , " Brand said .
te	11	The Duggan had a hull breach the entire time Mac had been in space .
te	11	" But that 's when you fell in love , isn 't it ? "
te	8	Wolf Eyes accepted it with a nod , and he pulled a long drag of the smoke .
te	9	She wore a white decontamination suit and her green eyes regarded me steadily from behind a visor .
te	7	' It was the only option available , ' I explained for the tenth time .
te	11	People simply got tired of useless hate when survival was more important .
te	8	" You thinkin ' what I 'm thinkin ' ? "
te	9	" I 'm sorry to hear that .
te	11	Rain or no rain , I might have to brave the Cook Strait crossing tomorrow .
te	9	When they returned some time later with three rather wobbly sketches , they ran into Aunt Theodosia in the downstairs hall .
te	6	He looked around guiltily and then continued his tirade all the way home .
te	9	" I 'm not really getting that sense of need from where I am . "
te	10	They found the thicket and after plowing down some of the dense underbrush they discovered the red and white motorhome .
te	11	He had to use both hands to pull his leg over .
te	11	Jordan and Samantha set out several charts which the HV users could peruse at their leisure .
te	7	If you show yourself , you 'll be shot .
te	8	" Oh , because that blinding stuff didn 't work on me , but I didn 't tell anyone .
te	7	She ripped the man 's shirt and pressed the napkins to his wounds .
te	11	" You 're blaming chemicals for leaving Trudy on her deathbed ? "
te	10	" They deserve that their lives should mean something , they should be the means to end this . "
te	11	" I hope you learn to put honor second .
te	10	You 're going to be married soon .
te	11	Jack shook his head , to indicate he had no idea .
te	8	This was his chance at redemption if he wanted it .
te	5	Oh , Julian , by the way , your mother threatened my life ? "
te	7	We left the campus and headed back to the estate .
te	8	He thinks they 're different though ... .
te	10	' I don 't know what 's beautiful and what 's not . '
te	7	" So , how did you get mixed up with this lot ? "
te	10	And as Michael liked to put it : they were in a bit of a tizzy .
te	11	Basically I 'll rip their group in two if we 're damaged in any way .
te	10	I narrowed my eyes , and a grin spread across my face as an utterly evil idea sprang into mind .
te	9	Why was I not being affected ?
te	5	The two watched , cheeks glowing , as their sons fought back .
te	10	We don 't know if you 're good enough for EMI .
te	5	CHAPTER 23 Colette Blake Colette read the simple handwritten invitation a second time .
te	7	Guards were everywhere , and the buzz of curious conversation filled the hall .
te	10	Bradley asked , trying to foresee all the possible outcomes .
te	6	" Sorry about the confusion , missy , " Cooper said in his loud , rumbling voice .
te	10	" Do you already have a mission in mind ? "
te	9	They were blessed with the most wonderful weather every day .
te	8	Claire 's voice echoed loud in the silent building , resonating high into the roof .
te	10	Collecting their meager belongings , they exited the aircraft by way of a set of portable stairs .
te	8	And like the first day , Helen waved her hand happily , making us laugh .
te	9	Do you have a healer ? "
te	6	" So , what 's in Massachusetts ? "
te	9	Having broken through this , we took a step back and listened for any sounds of pursuit .
te	5	Plaid pants , a navy blue velvet pea coat , white shirt and black leather shoes .
te	8	His friends , illusions of course , told him to do this . "
te	10	Towers and spires rise up from grey synthetic ground in stark defiance of the natural world .
te	5	In your own way , you are very much a creative artist .
te	6	The two women did not even put up a fight . "
te	9	Cade could admit to himself that he was baffled .
te	11	We 'll see how it does after a few weeks and meet before long . '
te	8	As Little Mink peered out of his camouflaged spot , his black eyes looked like hardened jewels .
te	9	Why don 't we just take him right now like I said earlier ?
te	10	So much for playing hard to get !
te	10	I intended to keep doing that .
te	8	He chopped his hand towards a spot on the wall and the small crowd complied .
te	8	He choked and blood dribbled out the side of his mouth .
te	7	standing on her tip toes , she kissed his handsome face .
te	11	When we 're done , if it 's quiet , we could use the Whirlwind for extraction . "
te	9	Meanwhile , the river became calm again and the whale and crocodile disappeared as suddenly as they had appeared .
te	8	The ball 's still inside , and we can 't take him to a doctor .
te	10	With that she fades away , the grin on the boy 's face certain to remain for quite a while .
te	11	Hailey would figure how to carry the eggs to the new home site .
te	8	The procedure repeated three more times for each of the forward guns before the main show could begin .
te	10	Worse than that was the wet stain on her chest that grew and grew .
te	11	" If someone has managed to locate the Vault then we have to be prepared .
te	10	I licked my finger , a spot of warm , smooth milk disappearing down my throat .
te	10	Miriam , leaning against the house and feeling her own heart thud in her chest , laughed as well .
te	8	" Yes sir , " the private quickly responded , hopping to his feet .
te	7	At this point the men and women split into separate groups and raced to the feasting hall .
te	8	I remembered the Extravaganza I entered .
te	6	" Sir , your daughter and I - " " Jim - " " Get up to your room . "
te	8	He would have his time with them , but when he left , he never thought about them again .
te	8	" Did you see fires ?
te	7	Kaylie grinned and pulled a box out of a locker .
te	10	It already cost a fortune to change it from Auckland .
te	7	Tate ignored her and went through everything with me again , but uncovered no new information .
te	9	" Your family is among the most revered of the knights , " the man continued .
te	7	During my rather uncharacteristic aggressive bluster , Junior Commander Tork had taken a step closer .
te	6	" In for a card , in for a tile , I say .
te	10	The next generation will be built on the surface and simply launch into orbit using the new Anasazi engines .
te	9	I didn 't have time to think , just react .
te	7	" He 's been shot before .
te	9	He could enjoy a far better life after two years of retirement work for Ryan .
te	8	' David , take Charlie outside ' she ordered , nodding to his weapons .
te	6	If I walk , how long will it take me ? "
te	6	Speaking off the record , old boy , this has Her Majesty 's attention .
te	8	Okay for horses , bad for cars .
te	7	she interrupted his assurances in a whisper , face still .
te	11	Calvin dived , launching from the side of the cockpit almost catching the boot mid-air .
te	9	" She wants to see Link , " another reports , searching the room with no success .
te	7	The ground beneath them was opening up and the burning purple gas was surging out .
te	8	She looked at them with a mixture of sympathy and envy .
te	9	" It 's been known to happen . "
te	9	Peter nodded and Claire wondered if he had children .
te	6	He wouldn 't hurt me .
te	9	" Ron , I must apologize for Victoria , she 's so taken with technology .
te	9	" We don 't have time for another lecture , " Navi groans .
te	6	Could just be some heart attacks . "
te	7	Several feet behind him , the immortals were slowly struggling to their knees .
te	8	" You are a good man ... " She fell onto him and began weeping .
te	7	When Danny explained the good news Katherine said , ' Let 's hear these records then . '
te	7	He wanted answers , but he didn 't need them .
te	9	Chapter Twenty Four " Lady Adele , might I beg a moment of your time ? "
te	11	There was a sound of a tool hitting a sheet of steel .
te	6	To his very core , every fiber of his body resonated with his spiritual mission .
te	9	I knew they would find you .
te	7	I wonder what else they do ? "
te	10	" Whoa , didn 't mean to startle you , " he said .
te	10	' Seems Vox are rare these days since the company went under .
te	7	It 's almost like a game to Southerners .
te	7	A visitor announced himself with a gentle rap at the door and dissolved the awkward moment .
te	8	Keeping the people in line , no matter what .
te	8	I really wanted to forget her .
te	8	When they were in place , Falconer inserted the wired blasting caps .
te	9	He stood her by the tub , leaving her standing there , teetering , while he finished with the water .
te	8	The Osprey lifted off without disturbing the red Martian dust .
te	8	The Prince was at a loss for words .
te	7	" Now , Riki , you may help yourself , but put it on a plate . "
te	11	They stopped at the next fork and Rick checked everyone , " Are we all OK ? "
te	6	Satisfied Tony continued on his way .
te	9	There 'll be no cutting this .
te	9	The others burrowed themselves deeply into the rocks for a much needed rest .
te	9	She began to struggle beneath Alec .
te	6	" Yeah , lots of them , " Tori lied again .
te	9	The car pulled out into the traffic and headed off in the general direction of the West End .
te	9	" I have not the skill to do this !
te	6	My heart slammed wildly against my ribs at his words .
te	9	Jimmy 's folks are in Europe on vacation - we can have the house all to ourselves ! "
te	11	The truth was , at the moment the whole idea didn 't scare her as it should .
te	10	The bruises on her face were almost completely gone and the shoulder was without pain although still tender to the touch .
te	6	An elegant , curvy walkway of glossy black stepping stones led to the front porch .
te	8	I wanted you to have the full spy experience .
te	10	In a very short time her legs failed her and she could not move out of the sun .
te	8	I guzzle the water as we exit the room .
te	7	' How did things go in Washington ? '
te	7	He left for the barrows and motioned Brand to follow .
te	10	The tea was for cleansing the inside of the body .
te	8	" That is impossible , there are no other vessels with that technology , " Dresden protests angrily .
te	5	" Only a motion detector and it 's not armed . "
te	9	The other women readied themselves with soft warm towels and blankets to receive the newborn into their arms .
te	10	More accurately , my gaze moves around his body , following the flow of his energy .
te	10	The people who are spying on us already know how high the stakes are . "
te	9	She had not thought that was funny .
te	8	Miriam gave it up and quickly turned the page .
te	8	He woke up in a bed , still heavy with the scent of his most beloved wife to be .
te	5	" So that both rehearsal schedule and school and filming work out ? "
te	9	She is also a Grand Master in Silat a deadly form of martial arts .
te	7	" Just pull it on over your cloths . "
te	9	She was a beautiful ship in an ugly sort of way .
te	8	The light glinted off something metallic , half obscured by a dust covered suitcase .
te	9	He rotated his view , picking up a new angle from the Arjuna 's sensor feed .
te	8	" I have to do this . "
te	7	The Keystone had come , and with him , all dreams were made reality !
te	8	This tosser mate of Gavin 's -- " " Aw , Kev 's okay , Da .
te	9	He just stood there and looked while the owner and Joe carefully unwrapped the yellow cotton cover .
te	10	Saturday 24th September 1983 The following day Calvin woke smelling chemicals .
te	7	" What 's going on ? "
te	9	They simply said they 'd found some work .
te	11	" I was planning on sneaking into the cave tonight -- it 's been eleven , no twelve days .
te	9	He grunted and flailed backwards , the Beretta clattering out of his hand .
te	10	The water seemed refreshing and their horses needs to rest after their long ride .
te	7	The elevator 's door opened , and I turned my face to Abby .
te	9	It disgusted him that it came to this .
te	11	Are you ready to be retired ? "
te	7	" You need not know , I don 't drink , come on lets move it . "
te	10	Calvin you 'll have a drink but spill it over your girl .
te	9	The golden sun rested in the lower half of the sky , but I couldn 't find warmth in its rays .
te	7	" What are you not telling me , Enrico ? "
te	6	It 's large , but not ostentatious .
te	10	Not having to face him .
te	9	It 's the sort of thing that takes passion .
te	5	Besides Neil , of course , " she added .
te	10	Bethany and David crept slowly along the edge of the wood line out of sight .
te	9	" Because the First Clan Family was the one who sheltered him . "
te	9	You 've got nothing to worry about .
te	7	They have minds of their own . "
te	7	Alejo was back in his chair , leaning forward , pleading .
te	8	" Yes , you heroically jumped in front of a bullet to save Jolie .
te	10	His mind was elsewhere at the moment , thinking about what his mother and father were facing .
te	7	He had not been addressed yet .
te	6	Anna was extremely tall and very skinny .
te	6	Without Reggie , the whole enterprise might just fall apart .
te	9	It will be looking for the most vulnerable prey .
te	9	" I was hiding behind the house , but I heard everything they said . "
te	10	Alfred had a bout of nausea that nearly made his knees buckle .
te	7	Rick shot out his hand , gripped the man 's shoulder , and hauled him into the room .
te	9	He turned around and saw Sofia waving its hand at him .
te	11	" What are we going to do with you , Jason ? "
te	8	" Correct , and we have ten more panels arriving every fourteen days . "
te	9	He 'd flown from his country , a raven , a vulture escaping the descending storm .
te	9	Harold was running towards him through the woods , his face pale and ghastly .
te	7	As he did , a broad array of flames burst from his open palms , engulfing the oncoming threat .
te	7	She crept out the door of the trailer .
te	8	By the sound of it , there were somewhere around thirty of them .
te	7	You would scare the living crap out of them right now . "
te	9	We seal them , then heat them until the iron becomes liquid .
te	10	" My water broke and I think I 've had my first contraction . "
te	10	" I don 't think that they can be trusted . "
te	6	Chapter 12 : A Pirate 's Life Jeff awoke with a start .
te	6	Somewhere above them , the black outline of a massive tree was just visible against the night sky .
te	8	How many of your worthless band have not returned to camps ?
te	9	He knew it had happened before .
te	7	As he opened the door , a man beckoned him outside .
te	5	" Calm down , son , " the black-haired water thief said calmly .
te	10	You 'll be fine , don 't worry . "
te	8	" You look pretty fat to me , " Duke offered .
te	7	Mark took one step toward Cooper .
te	9	Layla could not quite sort out all the hollering that followed .
te	7	John jumped up and ran to the table .
te	8	she demanded without even saying hello .
te	10	Like asking why hell is hell .
te	5	A dark-haired Flicker approached , his face looked pale and unhappy .
te	11	Connie said , " Probably sitting in Silver Glen watching the sun set .
te	7	With a snort of surprise , Di Luca thumped the table with his fist .
te	11	" And that 's one of the reasons we 're so worried .
te	7	Scott snapped the rifle out of the clamp and aimed it toward the animal .
te	7	A little smaller than our new four by four . "
te	11	she addressed to me , who was not paying attention .
te	8	He recognises we 're prolific songwriters .
te	9	" What have you possibly got to be happy about ? "
te	8	It seemed to be narrowing .
te	10	The room was the same as before except for two extra chairs nestled around the fireplace .
te	10	Amy didn 't laugh and after a moment she went to her room to revise .
te	8	The undergrowth was heavier at the edge , much thinner uphill .
te	9	" Is she ready to fly ? "
te	11	Where to start looking for her ?
te	10	As he set about lighting various lamps , the footman looked to us .
te	5	" Your speed and exit path are perfect . "
te	7	Inferno fell , but quickly rolled away from King .
te	9	Now is the time to bring the matters up .
te	6	Thank you , John Taylor , " she added lovingly .
te	9	She heaped them in a pile on a long folding table and then went back to the giant machine .
te	9	" There must be a dozen fissures to repair . "
te	5	From the recent past Federal budget , the new projections were miniscule .
te	5	Banks Dry Goods and General Store , Ozark Annie 's Candy .
te	8	' She says she 'll write .
te	8	He noticed for the first time that Brazen was still a young man .
te	6	However , at that moment , the front door swung open and Oran , Mari , and Dorian entered .
te	6	" It 's ok Deepa , this is my son Simon . "
te	8	The language doesn 't reiterate the continuing state of war . "
te	7	" Don 't run over ' em , Dad . "
te	6	" OK let 's try it again . "
te	10	Katherine despised the pain that superseded her every romantic experience .
te	8	" I 've seen this one before , " Mai reveals , her voice all but drowned in dread .
te	5	" No way , " Link 's eyes grew wide .
te	6	" Excuse me , sir , " the spindly young man said from the doorway .
te	8	" You are in luck my young friend . "
te	10	That was a thought he could do without !
te	8	I had meant to apologize .
te	6	After a moment Brian recovered , spread his arms out , and managed a clumsy fighting stance .
te	10	" I think the solution should be obvious , " she declared casually .
te	9	He concludes , aggressively pushing off the tree trunk and launching himself deeper into the woods .
te	7	He took her hand in his and she felt the goose bumps again on her arms at his touch .
te	11	" But I don 't think you want to know . "
te	5	Courtney Cole 112 With My Last Breath , Book Three And suddenly , I was not alone .
te	6	Six Dad cleared his throat after an awkward silence .
te	11	After counting to five he released the control stick stretching his arms to both sides .
te	11	Jake grimaced when he saw Frank looking at the house .
te	7	It had turned to unyielding stone .
te	8	The woman 's smile became slightly strained as she studied the badge .
te	11	So , what 's the guy you flew across with like ? '
te	10	Brand winced as blood began trickling down .
te	10	Though its purpose is unknown , it becomes clearer when Hogan 's runaway daughter comes to town .
te	9	That would prove to be their undoing .
te	9	Shit I was in deep .
te	6	Through my torso , down my arms and legs , over my face , leaving it crisscrossed with cracks .
te	5	Outside , past the glass doors , she spotted three Richmond city police cars .
te	8	They climbed up the slope in a hurry and found the man still breathing .
te	11	It was as though Bax had been swallowed up by the darkness .
te	8	The High Priest stepped from his throne and walked towards Andy and the Ugly Man .
te	8	He pushed past the heavy desk and large chair to where she stood .
te	9	Faster than they could operate , the privates carried more wounded Union soldiers to the operating wagon .
te	11	" I don 't understand why I am being issued a staff car .
te	10	Then he fired his immobilizer at Lynn to surge her Imp feeds .
te	9	Omar and Jabir lazily confiscated the rifles while Andre called the police in the nearby village .
te	8	The street was packed and hemmed in by tall buildings .
te	11	He cleared his lungs with a few short breaths then filled his chest enough to blast out a mighty roar .
te	8	We are all ready to go ! "
te	8	" Time to leave . "
te	10	" I don 't think we will reach the same height .
te	10	This was not how he wanted to go .
te	6	The heavily battered doors slid aside with a soft creak .
te	9	He had become the official unofficial Commander of both the Coast Guard and Navy .
te	8	All were more than satisfied when finished .
te	5	" It 's a quest ! "
te	10	" Are you going to fail me ? "
te	7	She married early last year , and they are expecting their first baby . "
te	7	Fifteen minutes later , one of her shots finally hit the edge of the target board .
te	7	" Then I won 't keep you any longer than necessary .
te	6	He gave her an uncertain look , and then gave the trunk a polite shake .
te	8	Doctor Everett , your priority is to get Warrior back online . "
te	8	" I 'll go find Seamus today , " she said quietly .
te	5	Above it , however , a single voice rose : Maddox 's .
te	8	" Clouds rolled in while you slept , and the wind is blowing more south in our direction .
te	6	" Hang another two units , " Dr. Warner requested anxiously .
te	8	He turned on an extra bit of speed .
te	6	Eliza turned off her favorite welding torch , flipped up her magnifying glasses , and studied her latest invention .
te	10	Perhaps you 'll be willing to share yours ?
te	8	Neil pulled himself further into the bush as the cart drove away .
te	6	" If we still need him so badly , can 't we get him out of holding ? "
te	5	" Yes , it can , " Chris insisted calmly .
te	9	" As what I 've told you , the book holds great power .
te	9	" He wants to talk to you again , sir . "
te	6	Entering a small cave , they took her to a wooden platform .
te	6	I push open the door , and yep , it gives out a nice , lusty creak .
te	8	Warrior and Doctor Everett are very proud of you , " Jason says .
te	6	I pasted on a cheesy smile .
te	7	He 'd lost his wife and his only brother that week , and it damn near killed him .
te	9	It was half hour before we crossed the border into the Czech Republic .
te	5	On the other hand , with them it was still a useful tool .
te	9	He was sitting in the snug in The Green Dragon on Broad St. just down the street from the Cathedral .
te	10	Now can you untie me please sir ? "
te	5	" How much time do we have ? "
te	5	Wish me luck , - Zoey . ' . "
te	10	The man standing before him was the same man in the picture .
te	8	Her traveling companion was still as talkative as a rock and almost as expressive .
te	7	We followed him up the stairs and broke off towards our separate rooms .
te	6	" Well , " said Tessa , a little breathless , " I 'm not a Shadowhunter , anyway . "
te	8	I know what you 're thinking .
te	8	Never had anyone turn down a billion dollars before .
te	8	The platform dropped off into a lower section with dark tunnels opening in several directions .
te	5	" Yes , Rick , " she answered flatly .
te	7	Bolt responded in his native tongue and , it became clear , they were discussing a plan .
te	7	Surely Lilly Ann was playing games with them .
te	7	Despite its initial size , the space continued to narrow .
te	11	Lonnie and Ricky had no idea how to make the horses change gaits .
te	10	The rear cargo load ramp will be removed for all of our launch operations .
te	6	The careful calculations of weight and balance had paid off .
te	9	Her other two eyes are closed and her lips are slightly parted as if she were asleep .
te	10	He activates the hidden terminals and screens in his desk , making them flip up into view .
te	6	" Your Majesty , " the guard whispered , " our messenger reached you , then ? "
te	9	Other than that everything seems to be mopped up . "
te	8	The Bastian Hunters had been caught completely off guard .
te	9	I assume there is a connection somewhere here ? "
te	10	He knows everything they learn out on the streets .
te	6	What did the normal moms and dads do ?
te	11	He does think it 's cool .
te	11	" Do I need to get my bells ? "
te	8	Keep focusing on that goal . '
te	5	Five years later , on the same day , six more infants were born .
te	9	Hopefully it would be hours before their plight was discovered .
te	8	The charisma in his words dripped like festering honey .
te	7	" OK fellas the truck 's outside , let 's get it on . "
te	6	Please show him , O beautiful wife of mine . "
te	6	Something else was in the air .
te	6	Fifteen minutes later , a battered tan Chevrolet Monte Carlo pulled up next to the phone booth .
te	6	TEN Matara The soft glow of the imprisoning orb still illuminated the cold , empty room .
te	10	They had to be traitors ; it was easy enough to change clothing .
te	7	A woman was stealing along the hall .
te	5	' Not so clever now , are you , my friend ? '
te	10	Because I deserve to have it .
te	11	asked Jacobs , who had kept his seat , but wasn 't staring at the screen anymore .
te	7	' Do I know you ? '
te	5	Even Superman had a day job .
te	11	If I 'm going to help you .
te	11	A finger twitched , and grass ran across the black soil , sprouting to full growth in moments .
te	7	I 'd stayed up late into the night , worrying .
te	8	The length of the jacked flowed almost down to his knees emphasizing his tall and slender build .
te	9	As the waltz slowed to a halt , we watched Di Luca direct his dancing partner over towards us .
te	5	' Come Ri § ine , it is your turn . '
te	9	And Michael and Ben had also been in this church when they were very small .
te	6	But the bayonet on his musket never left Logan 's throat .
te	8	Even their very primitive brain functions had been completely disrupted by the blast .
te	10	Miriam ignored the hand he held out to her .
te	8	Tim coughed in a slightly uncomfortable manner before going on .
te	8	The shapeshifter was hard at work , slicing chicken for a particular dish .
te	8	He stepped in front of her .
te	8	Elaina and Landon shared an incredulous look , but the calm in his voice eased Landon 's fears .
te	5	Within a few minutes , Dane and Monti walk in .
te	11	She feels her head swoon and makes the mistake of stepping back from the console .
te	8	Noah felt the vibrations of their feet through the wood before he saw them .
te	10	The scene that lay before her was really quite gruesome .
te	11	I was not surprised when I found out that he had a sexual fantasy there .
te	10	You 're going to take it from me ?
te	11	David recalled from his courses in school that the anesthesia of choice during this period was chloroform .
te	8	But then he felt the slightest puff of wind and the beating of wings nearby .
te	10	" And now it is time to look to the future .
te	6	Everyone started , and Alejo faced his parents .
te	11	That is all we have to say .
te	6	" Even if there isn 't , " Annie said , " there 's the lake , right ? "
te	9	I paused as I got my first daylight look at the Bastian compound .
te	10	These things are slow , but you 've got to defeat it quickly .
te	8	The sister smiled faintly and lowered her head , her veil casting an attractive shadow over her face .
te	5	But the next day , I maybe felt a little relief , too .
te	6	' They 're not Irish , ' the boy replied , his voice thick .
te	7	After some time the angels turned back into stars and the gondola slipped seamlessly between them .
te	11	Kaylie watched as the coach handed her co-captain a jersey , as well as most of the other starting players .
te	9	He watched Noah without calling out to him .
te	9	When he turned for one last look before leaving , Neela was watching him .
te	7	The arrow is deep but you must not pull it out .
te	6	Tired lines marked the filthy young face .
te	11	" He was , " Gabe says this so soft , I wonder if he meant to say it out loud .
te	9	I took a seat in the corner of the room and silently watched her work .
te	8	Then again , perhaps a clean break would have been better after all .
te	11	By the time she was done her own heartbeat had returned to normal .
te	10	They bled his hulk dry and left him for his friends to find .
te	11	" It looks like we 're getting owned out there . "
te	10	The air is chilled and soggy ; Gabe is underdressed in a t-shirt and jeans but doesn 't seem to mind .
te	8	I got a coded message this morning on our radio from the sect back in England .
te	6	There was a faint hiss , a noisome smell went up , the lights flickered and danced and swirled .
te	5	In their scattered society the weak perished and the strong survived .
te	10	The three of them got into the car parked at the curb , the driver pulled out into the traffic .
te	6	He picked up his gun case , dusted off the snow and looked around .
te	9	He watched the jade statue as it passed from hand to hand .
te	7	The Empty Handed : Some Men Cast Evil Shadows Another sickening crunch .
te	7	With a quick nod Claire picked up her board and ran back into the sea .
te	6	Cole sprang to the side , barely avoiding a kick , then ran ahead toward the mules .
te	7	" Let 's begin again .
te	6	Taylor and I suit up and I hand him the first slide .
te	5	But instead of clear glass , artificial snow spray covered the entire window .
te	9	He was barely fifty yards away , but that distance seemed as far as the bottom of the ocean .
te	8	This revelation was like a blow to the gut .
te	10	One week to come back to us : your mother and me .
te	9	Each step blasts him forward , and he is nearly upon his Goddess in no time .
te	9	But then mum arrived and she had brought a whole flock of swallows with her .
te	8	" Those guys are quick ; I almost made an ass of myself for nothing . "
te	11	" Still think you love me ? "
te	6	" Yep , they as in some pretty well-trained , smart guys .
te	6	' But it was dark , all the windows looked the same , at least to the camera .
te	9	You were my dear friend and hugged me when I was sad . "
te	10	Anyway , time to get back to work ! "
te	11	She had left them when they got married along with everything else .
te	5	But not here out in the open and not with Matt around . "
te	6	Breaking house rules , Kali spat a four-letter word and repeated it several times .
te	6	The power of casters and Creators revolves around the pillars .
te	8	The entire red zone was covered in the transmission towers ; the flashing red lights dotted the landscape .
te	8	Through all of it the man remained silent , his face taut .
te	5	" It still works , right ? "
te	9	You 'll learn more by doing , Elaina .
te	11	The life of a young boy , training with a sword bigger than any the Prince had ever seen .
te	5	And that businessman 's assistant seemed such a nice man . "
te	7	Held in steel grips , the pirates could not fight back .
te	9	My companions and I have already been branded as the murderers , and our faces are publicly known .
te	9	Claire 's words were lost in the spray from the falls .
te	7	" No time like the present , let 's go , " and Drew stood up and pulled Angelique up too .
te	6	You must -- " A high-pitched scream interrupted his story .
te	10	Who would choose who had children ?
te	9	Iris went to sit by her side .
te	7	Maybe I should work on the other one .
te	6	Long blue tendrils of energy twist and snake about a circular black event horizon menacingly .
te	7	The canopy closed around them with a thunk , but the rumbling noise of the engines remained much the same .
te	7	We had something in common .
te	8	" It 's Link , " she sighs , adding , " he 's back . "
te	8	Misfit was waiting next to the shuttered windows .
te	7	And when we were finished I 'd give him a big kiss .
te	7	Riki hopped with impatience and pointed .
te	6	My protector turns and looks at me .
te	6	" How 's the new route coming along ?
te	6	" No , it wasn 't right at all , " Franz admitted , " but I enjoyed it . "
te	10	He felt like the whole vehicle was airborne for a few seconds .
te	9	He leaped across the small room and started going through various AM and shortwave channels .
te	9	I 'll never understand why he liked that dump .
te	8	You can take that desertion crap and shove it up your asses .
te	6	New York State , before ' the Pulse ' , had found that out .
te	8	All that was left was ash .
te	8	We have to leave now . "
te	10	" Where exactly do you think you are going little one ? "
te	8	Nathan couldn 't see anyone else ; maybe there was only one .
te	6	Even as I climbed , the mist waited for me .
te	8	" I will serve you from here on , I swear . "
te	7	Crouching low , I darted across the room and ripped open the nearest door and slipped inside .
te	5	Either way , that beautiful , joyful hair was a problem .
te	9	Do you trust your minister of war ? "
te	11	I felt my body begin to relax instantly .
te	10	Falcon asked , bringing them back to the subject at hand .
te	6	" Tools of brass and a pretty house with three floors and a shady courtyard .
te	9	" would I be needing to wear this ? "
te	6	" Oh oh , our poor guest is waiting , " teased Laura .
te	6	Second story of a parking garage fourteen years ago in KC , second story of a parking garage here and now .
te	9	They each suffered mild radiation sickness symptoms , but nothing more severe than nausea , lack of appetite , and headaches .
te	10	That was why I never heard the gun shot .
te	6	" A broomstick is not a sword , " Jason remarked without much confidence .
te	10	You say that is what you wanted .
te	8	Before they were born , her father had always had a longing in his piercing eyes .
te	6	The sound of gunshots suddenly rose in the distance , faint but unmistakable .
te	6	Throughout a man 's teens and early twenties , a thin and often toned body is most noticeable .
te	10	Despite her fatigue , she couldn 't help the grin that lit up her face .
te	10	I ask straining to stay calm .
te	9	He continued to watch , however , and saw the warrior whirl the ma through two glittering slashes .
te	10	He could see perhaps half a mile down the river before it disappeared round a bend to the left .
te	7	" I 'll stay and watch the stuff , " Abby offered .
te	10	Hopping off of his back , Mai vanishes , determined to decipher the source of her uneasy feeling .
te	5	His face was now slack , pale .
te	6	" How did you manage a CT Scan ? "
te	9	When Pedro told him about her , he was intrigued about the whole family 's story , but especially about her .
te	10	With the group assembled , each man was assigned to one of a dozen or so boats .
te	6	" J.C. , I just donated ten grand in your name to the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence .
te	8	There were some more guffaws and hooting from the crew before the captain went on .
te	10	He wanted to try shifting again .
te	11	" No way that 's gon na happen ! "
te	6	" Ah , " said Wolf Eyes , nodding his head slowly , " this one is the Spirit Wolf . "
te	6	" Oh , dear , it 's really very unfortunate just now , " said Mr. George .
te	10	We also thought humans had little or no innate instincts , but that view has also changed .
te	8	His patchy beard was mostly red with streaks of black .
te	8	I waited for the lights to power back-up ; and I waited , and I waited some more .
te	7	" Not much to tell , I am from Trinidad , I studied Linguistics and Philosophy .
te	11	It all seemed to help ; I 'm sure I was nervous enough , but they didn 't seem to notice .
te	8	Every able-bodied man or youth was called upon to sacrifice .
te	10	I reckon you 've lost them cattle . '
te	7	" Well as I understood it , Eva 's not even a suspect .
te	11	" I just thought you might want to talk . "
te	10	So , do they have one or more backups and where are they ? '
te	10	" H ... Helen , sorry that I disturbed you , I 'm Abby ... please , help me ! "
te	11	" So there 's nothing we can do with it ? "
te	6	I practically dove into my hiding place , elbows and knees slamming into the knobby surface .
te	6	Avoid the roads , kill the cadavers , scavenge and walk , walk , walk and walk some more .
te	8	I tried to shake it off .
te	6	" Take away the soldiers , " he ordered his men in their language .
te	11	" We 've established I 've been here before , " Mark reminded her .
te	10	" Since I possess a weapon already the three of you may choose the sword which suites you best .
te	8	She said at last , glancing up at Cade .
te	8	Lynn pretended to look confused .
te	11	Eager to get going again , the conductor ushered everyone back onto the train .
te	8	The galleries were constantly packed with jeering crowds , and Kurt would never find a friend among them .
te	5	But that was just the problem .
te	5	A small office , bathrooms , and the door that lead outside .
te	7	Alarmed , the commander ordered his men back into the tower and they sealed the iron door with crossbars .
te	9	' Have any of the team got four engined aircraft rating ? '
te	7	" We have what I wanted .
te	7	The night was calm , with no wind , and even the birds were silent .
te	8	Not heeding the huge , armed men in her path , she dashed out of the room .
te	6	" Too late , " she said and moved for the stairs .
te	10	I 'll need to take your bag now , so we can get it on board .
te	8	" He wishes to see the body . "
te	8	" Yes , though it will not cure the whole of it . "
te	9	The trio could not possibly last long as a group of growing friends .
te	9	Brazen nodded , " That 's exactly what we do . "
te	6	The image imprinted in her mind .
te	8	Hailey continued with her exploration , satisfied she had the answer .
te	6	The sharp , stinging pain of a lash hit Brand .
te	11	The Razor pilot turned in his seat to look back at him .
te	10	You need to start playing again .
te	9	The man on the dais spoke loudly , his words tripping in his haste .
te	10	I looked twice , wanting to pull out my flashlight .
te	11	Women and children that they found hiding in the forest were taken captive .
te	9	The silence deepened as Gunnar trotted further into the forest .
te	5	" We 're all tired .
te	9	The agent paused in front of the bedroom door and took a deep breath .
te	6	" There were three , " David said tiredly .
te	5	" I am , " Alejo said evenly .
te	11	It was not the sort of money folk just left lying around .
te	8	You will spend the rest of your lives in this city ! "
te	8	" Ready to go kiddo ?
te	8	" It 's your show now , Major , " he declared with a note of finality .
te	7	He planted a wet kiss on her lips and she bit him .
te	10	" Time to get going . "
te	7	I smiled , glanced at the side mirrors and stiffened .
te	5	" Stay ' ere , " the blonde fellow said .
te	7	I may faint from hunger . "
te	7	The world will still be a violent and ugly place .
te	11	There was a little pushing and shoving but all good natured and restrained .
te	11	He had obviously felt it was an amusing joke on the new guy .
te	6	His hand brought the island to life .
te	8	He went up to his room and picked up a few of his schoolbooks .
te	10	They were caught between two armies surging up from the south .
te	6	' In fact , ' their hostess then declared , ' I 've just had a brilliant idea .
te	9	With that she spurred her bay right past him , chin in the air and color high on her cheeks .
te	6	Could these visions really tell the future , or were they just imagined possibilities ?
te	5	After a few seconds he heard a ghostly hollow voice .
te	9	" Besides , I don 't want to shoot them either .
te	8	The caster stepped back from their path , though her cool glance followed them .
te	8	Perhaps I could just take a short leave of absence . "
te	10	I just want to get this place cleaned up . "
te	9	He dreaded seeing his father again and had been relieved by his absence at dinner .
te	9	( This is Mr Tanaka ) " Kenichi , it 's Mark here .
te	5	" Listen , Eden , honey , " Rachael said earnestly .
te	11	Cursing himself , Neil peered over the edge of the cart and found that they had stopped on a beach .
te	7	A man with corn silk hair offered me a rose .
te	7	She looked a little overweight in the lower body area , like a winter runner heavily clothed .
te	6	His sword , a standard Imperial issue , had once given him security .
te	9	Used to hide from him .
te	8	Get this - he was President back in the 1980s !
te	7	' No , on the back of my toilet door ' .
te	10	We also need to release as many prisoners as possible .
te	8	I must duel with honor , " she said .
te	6	" Master bedroom is clear , " Gabe says .
te	11	" You will have to follow me and John , " suggested Megan .
te	5	Can you not buy a beaded one ? "
te	7	Mana handed the items to him and walked over to the stone steps .
te	11	We are hidden as best we can be .
te	11	" And just who are they trying to deny mobility to ? "
te	10	Toby felt this would all somehow turn out okay , despite the inherent danger .
te	11	" It 's making sure it feels alright , " Andy replied .
te	6	As for Jennings I 've no idea .
te	11	Do you know where we are ? "
te	6	At his entrance , every ugly scarred face bandit , swordsman and gambler looked at him with a rotten eye .
te	11	Spotting the rapidly approaching zombies seemed to jolt her out of her state of shock .
te	7	Maggie reached a hand across the table and Claire jumped at her touch .
te	9	Gabe throws me a pair of sad eyes but doesn 't say anything .
te	6	' Let 's do this , ' I said coldly .
te	7	' You 're safe now , all of you are , ' Edward said . '
te	10	" A temporary setback , " he smirks , revealing the golden triangle emblazoned upon his hand once again .
te	6	All the while , the high-pitched gremlin voice buzzed frantically a few inches from my face .
te	6	Through the windows , fireflies and stars glowed , and in the night air crickets sang a farewell dirge .
te	6	No one paid me any mind , and no one paid the girl any mind , either .
te	6	' We don 't know , ' Nash sat down on a small chair by the bedroom door .
te	9	He crossed the floor and typed in a security code in the wall with a shaking hand .
te	10	Either she 's no intention of coming back or she doesn 't know when . "
te	8	The inspector now concentrating on the road ahead and swerving between the midday traffic , simply smiled .
te	8	You must come with us , and we will shower you with gold . "
te	6	" Let go , " she said with a faint smile on her face .
te	10	' You think they 'll come back for more ? '
te	5	Point and pull the trigger . "
te	6	But out here among the so-called heretics it was not only possible , but relatively common .
te	10	Gabe takes off his seatbelt and twists around to look at me .
te	8	" You can see your number by pressing Menu , six , three , " the clerk informed him .
te	7	In a flash of movement , the Prince of Snakes lunged toward him .
te	6	We both felt a deep compassion for him .
te	9	At last the locomotive started rolling , gaining momentum as it lumbered out of the station .
te	10	' Tell your nephew that not everything is as it seems . '
te	11	" I had no idea it would snow this early in Ireland . "
te	10	I didn 't know if that was a good or bad sign .
te	9	Missy needed to swat a mosquito but was afraid to move .
te	11	They both stood up blocking the boys from getting a closer look at the bikini-clad blondes .
te	7	The sheer power and sophistication of the machinery was way beyond our time era , it was far too advanced .
te	6	The blond and dark-eyed Lysander stepped forward , held up his hands , and the crowd instantly quieted .
te	7	None paid him any mind and they went on about their own business .
te	8	" What do you want to know ? "
te	6	" Is she still running ? "
te	5	The sudden jerk of arrested movement .
te	8	What were you going to do ?
te	9	Claw paid deep attention by what The Hunter had told .
te	8	As Anna stepped cautiously into the bathroom , Kaylie perked up asked , " Can you make food , T ? "
te	8	He mumbled incoherently before he got his bearings .
te	11	" Aren 't you working right now ? "
te	9	But there was no one , only an empty street filled with dark , twisting shadows .
te	8	asked Simon looking intently at Beppe .
te	6	Getting off the couch , she made her way to the bookshelf .
te	10	I refused to be another toy in his chest .
te	9	I didn 't go after her although I wanted to .
te	8	' Gosh , you don 't look well Katherine , ' Loretta said at Katherine 's delayed arrival to the huddle .
te	11	You just have to know how to look .
te	7	Their eyes were heavy onyx and oblong , larger than normal .
te	6	As she spoke , she slid Bax 's covered Colts toward him .
te	6	Below , a telephone number and email address were listed , but Umbrella Woman 's name was not .
te	6	" Oh , good , " Tori said a little disappointed .
te	9	Strangely he didn 't feel threatened by the question ; it seemed the natural progression of the conversation .
te	5	And , dude , but it was a cozy skin .
te	7	' Well , I 'll be damned , ' he murmured .
te	10	Let her try to switch .
te	9	I thought about Mom 's money stashed in the closet .
te	8	" Listen , " he said , tapping the surprised Colonel 's chest .
te	9	" It 's typical of the government , would you expect anything less ?
te	5	" Um , I guess so . "
te	6	" Is this Mommy 's locket ? "
te	9	I guessed that was her phone 's PIN number .
te	10	There were also three thin pallets with blankets near the stove , and a table with two wobbly chairs .
te	5	There was smoke , glass and bricks everywhere .
te	8	Her eyes flooded golden , growing deeper and more malevolent in their intent .
te	10	Thinking that it will be Enrico , she answered , " Please come in . "
te	6	Later in the day , Jin received a black envelope with the mission details .
te	8	Mia wanted to stay here .
te	11	Following my instincts from watching too many crime shows , I pressed the quilt against his arm to stop the bleeding .
te	5	" Hurry , to the main house , " he shouted .
te	9	If I don 't get you into hiding , they will find you . "
te	9	How to survive in the Amazon .
te	8	He worked his way around , breathless as much from shock as exertion .
te	10	After that , he had to petition a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance judge for a warrant .
te	11	" Let 's go find out what 's next . "
te	9	Ah , yes but that was made for communications , " said the first deputy trying to explain himself .
te	9	I 've only been here a couple of hours or so .
te	5	A moment later , the breaching charge blew .
te	7	A small amount of light was coming in through some vents .
te	10	I 'm so tired nothing makes sense anymore and I 'm jumping at shadows .
te	10	Something VIN thought would not go down well with his older partner .
te	11	I didn 't want to bring ruin upon the earth .
te	8	Rand tuned back to Adele , lifting her hand briefly to his lips .
te	7	They rode the long escalator down to the first floor and exited the building , immediately turning left .
te	8	He began painstakingly folding the last of his wrapping paper over the last of his cardboard cartons .
te	10	I planned on selling the ranch and moving back to the city .
te	10	" I didn 't know how else to get your attention .
te	6	He just muttered , " No , sank yu , " in that maddeningly polite way he had .
te	5	Part VII : " Mind Games " " Mother ! "
te	5	" There , there , my dear , " Madame said softly .
te	5	I am scared and confused and giggly .
te	9	I have been protecting Mr. Stefano for a long time .
te	6	I said , " Certainly Linda .
te	7	Reid was quiet for several seconds .
te	11	He was walking past but for some reason stopped at their door .
te	6	" The less you can see , " Mai mumbles aloud , deep in thought .
te	7	Finan took no notice but turned again to the small page .
te	7	The high stars are moving , the Wave Star is heading for the Undying Lights .
te	10	" He didn 't tell me I would puke my guts out . "
te	8	Let 's go , " Tori whispered to Stacy and Daniel and they headed out of Anubis House .
te	6	Meanwhile the Vikings came closer and closer , their faces either leering or emotionless .
te	8	Gray flecks swirled in his eyes and I fell into them , head first .
te	8	They acknowledged the chief , and some women took the deer to another fire and dressed them .
te	9	I 'm gon na have a look around . "
te	10	Your father is planning on locking you in again .
te	11	Lance pretends to rub his eyes with his massive fists while producing a dragon pout .
te	11	" That 's why I think the lights are orange .
te	6	Monday 14th November 1983 For Katherine the week started with a laborious pub shift .
te	10	* * * In the end everyone had to wait .
te	10	" You 're too young to compete nationally , " her dad had always said .
te	9	Would you like to come with us ? "
te	9	They couldn 't see anyone that they recognised anywhere .
te	10	Speaking these things aloud felt like crossing a point of no return .
te	11	But before I could see who welcomed him , he quickly stepped into the house and shut the door .
te	6	" Apparently , I 'm a bad ass , " Mark answered .
te	10	Mum said that she supposed it might .
te	10	Jin asked , as they began walking together .
te	9	The guard checked with one of the civilians and they waved me right along .
te	6	She was so weak and her aura was that slate gray color .
te	9	The rainfall was starting to get heavy .
te	6	For some reason , the eastern slope of the Cascades was getting more moisture .
te	8	The limp body of the shapeshifter , held up only by Hyperion 's Bowie knife , suddenly came to life .
te	6	The higher up the trail went , the more it switched back and forth over a drop .
te	6	He worked out , had a little beer belly , but was a stocky solid dude .
te	6	' Not all is well there , ' said Frodo , ' but certainly gardeners are honoured . '
te	8	While she 'd been talking , Chris was unwrapping the plastic wrap from the sandwich .
te	8	Though the dirt was like blue dust the rest of the scene seemed familiar .
te	10	He 'd heard that a senior sect member knew Archie 's father through business dealings .
te	7	In fact , I will take your century , Horatio .
te	11	He could not even see the pool by which he had left his horse .
te	9	While none would call her beautiful , Claudette still had a pretty figure .
te	6	" Tea with the vicar , " he answered glumly .
te	5	Just last night , quiet , gentle and sweet went out the window .
te	8	Finn jerked the rope off the now openly weeping boy and pushed him toward the group .
te	10	If something needed to be organized , everyone turned to Huang Fu .
te	8	I didn 't join them at first ; I was too blinded by my old prejudices .
te	8	His demonic persona had been suffocating him for a long time .
te	11	That woman from the paper said I was worse than Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins .
te	10	He seemed to have all the time in the world .
te	6	" ' Pretty soon this blind man raised both his hands to the sky .
te	7	" My pa gave it to me for my twelve birthday , " " Get out !
te	8	" Wondering why you 're here ? "
te	8	" I really think you should rest . "
te	6	He laughed and shook his head .
te	7	His voice was very familiar to me .
te	9	Falling through the ground as if the discolored grass were an open window , the kid disappears without a trace .
te	9	As I was rapidly discovering , she was too stubborn to resist a challenge .
te	8	You should have retaliated many years ago .
te	8	Perhaps it depends on who you ask .
te	5	" A great idea , " Neil said .
te	10	There is a public garden where only criminals and fools walk at night .
te	8	" And I suppose you have a plan ? "
te	6	Either that , or his own exhaustion , both mental and physical , would drag him down .
te	7	" Would you and the lady be needing a lift ?
te	5	One call , one man , and the deal was done .
te	9	Mike walked out and turned to say goodbye .
te	8	He leaned against the window frame next to me and gazed outside .
te	9	" Yes , I think I do feel all right . "
te	8	OK , breathe easy , you just need five minutes to change your appearance .
te	7	She 's really into church stuff and heaven comes up a lot .
te	10	I asked , deciding she was probably nervous .
te	10	" Promise me that you will love me no matter what ! "
te	10	In any case , aim for the chest to get leverage .
te	9	From what little they 'd been briefed , their handguns wouldn 't have been of much use anyway .
te	9	" There are two boys who have ... caused me trouble in the past .
te	9	I saw the pain I caused her . "
te	8	' Tell me it wasn 't you guys ? '
te	6	She stopped still and turned her head .
te	5	the word was hissed , soft and sharp .
te	10	Moreover , there was really nobody to take him to the beach .
te	8	He directs his searchlights at the emergency doors watching the last few club patrons race outside .
te	9	I heard Ian call after me .
te	11	Alejo paused , trying to come up with words .
te	5	" Yes sir , she is truly a wonderful woman .
te	11	There was the backbone she would need , even if it was a little early to imagine great victories .
te	7	Get the hell out of bed . "
te	11	I wish we could get another worker like you , Pastor .
te	9	" How long do you wager before our resources run dry ? "
te	8	A cold smile dawned on his face and twisted the scar on his cheek .
te	10	I heard my mother start to cry .
te	9	He needed to go for a walk .
te	11	" The explosives have been modified to direct their energy through the deck .
te	6	" Good luck , Peter , " said Miss Foster warmly , wrapping her arms around the young man .
te	5	" Yes , my lady , " the hulking figure said solemnly .
te	9	Ted was running down the alley behind the veterinarian 's office .
te	7	They reached the end of the trail forty-five minutes later .
te	6	At age 15 , he won his first science award , and at 16 he received his first math award .
te	6	" Don 't worry , Princess , " he began with deep weariness in his voice .
te	10	Please we have to go .
te	7	I slowly set down my branches , crouched low and circled my way around .
te	7	Before Rafe could answer there was a commotion at the tent opening .
te	9	" I think I have that all memorized , " Tori said and laughed .
te	11	" A couple of dozen flights could be a lot of equipment shuttled up there , " suggested Maggie .
te	11	" I think I 'm going to bed ... " Abby said , stifling a yawn .
te	8	She strode up to the big horse , Byron following unnoticed behind her , watching curiously .
te	8	We 'll be up in a minute ! "
te	10	It makes me want to squeal .
te	9	" We need lasers for three different reasons in space .
te	6	" Well , it 's down south , I reckon , maybe around Gonzales . "
te	6	You , me , her friends , these children , the sun can all bring her down .
te	9	The scent of the room , a mix of flowers and spices , told him it was Neela 's .
te	6	" For Christ 's sake , V - get a grip ! "
te	9	Archie looked out of the cockpit to the river below and noticed it tumbling down the valley .
te	11	The black creatures fumed under their foul breaths as they scurried around to pick up the trail .
te	9	We decided to move them to another safe house .
te	7	Ben hobbled over to the twisted yellow tape and stroked its smoothness gently .
te	7	It 's better than needless killing .
te	6	His chocolate skin , big brown mischievous eyes , full lips , bald head and arms wide open greeted her .
te	8	He didn 't care about me , and that stung .
te	8	She considered this for a moment , and her face lit up .
te	6	" All hands , all hands , main battery test beginning .
te	10	He snapped the cover closed and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
te	9	It was set up to haul troops , with a canopy over its bed .
te	7	We turned a corner and staggered to a halt .
te	11	One wall was composed entirely of large windows , the sunlight drifting serenely through the panes .
te	10	she queried , continuing to eye him suspiciously .
te	5	' Such a luscious mouth and wit , too , ' he drawled teasingly .
te	10	He must have destroyed it when he stole the vehicle .
te	10	" Want to keep lightening it ?
te	6	" Whenever that happens , " Cassandra murmured , " the voodoo priestess is always the first suspect . "
te	5	" So , now you 're a Lear Jet pilot ? "
te	10	Did you know Thailand is a major center for child prostitution ?
te	9	They haven 't been allowed to leave . "
te	6	A pink , frilled anemone in the clear , cold water promptly folded its miniature tentacles into itself .
te	7	This large indoor hall doubled as both a gymnasium and a stadium for the school 's basketball team .
te	9	I stayed crouched up inside the hotel room -- - finally , a good match .
te	6	He clawed his way out , eyes watering , hacking hard , but found solid ground and dragged himself forward .
te	7	When the bikes hit the dirt again , they momentarily stopped in place .
te	11	Quietly and undetected , they had moved to the river 's edge , sneaking in under the protection of darkness .
te	5	' Maybe Stuart Copeland , The Police drummer , ' Calvin said .
te	11	We 'll need to stay south of it from here on . "
te	10	He 'll kill me -- you 've got to help me ! "
te	6	" I 'm sorry , I don 't have it . "
te	9	Come at us , and we 'll skewer the rest of you curs too . "
te	9	" I could hear it as though it were next door . "
te	9	How can we let this opportunity slip away , just because Manuel didn 't show ?
te	11	His friend was dead , and he hadn 't been able to stop this .
te	8	She draw all her attention on the tree , holding the arrow level for a breath .
te	9	I 'll tell you more about Ezra later , but now I must be on my way .
te	6	" Ten days , and we got paid one crown and three quarters . "
te	11	Furnace adjusted the silver coffee urn a fraction of an inch and stood back .
te	10	If I weren 't careful Zeal would shut down altogether and plunge into one of her sulks .
te	7	" Then why don 't you tell me , " I said as soothingly as possible .
te	8	I could reach over , snatch away that vibrant blue .
te	8	The one who 'd driven my Audi .
te	7	Slowly the lower part grew an inner skin , and then one day part of his suit had an outer skin .
te	9	He saw a tall thin blond man come into view and then stop in his tracks .
te	9	Was a dream ... How the ... how can everything be planned before ?
te	6	Ryland , the ritual , betrayals -- both his and mine -- all of it .
te	8	We have to be careful now . "
te	7	I spied the cloth napkins .
te	10	She believed Adri was wrong about them .
te	8	You will come with me , and we will find Piero . "
te	10	Jin asked , looking to Sky for approval .
te	6	He crinkled his face in thought before speaking .
te	5	" The next hotshot Red Duke does the same thing ? "
te	7	You have hoarded those spirits for a long time , indeed . "
te	11	acknowledged Ricky placing his hand on Gary 's shoulder and mockingly wagging his finger at him .
te	10	" I 'm sure you 'll be great . "
te	7	" Right , " the man answered , standing up decisively .
te	6	For some reason , they wanted me , Virgil , and Fraser dead .
te	8	Aggressive things like shields , breaking down walls , shooting lighting or blasts of energy tend to be naturally noisy .
te	6	On the surface Priam 's offer seemed fair : more than generous , in fact .
te	11	But those towers often had lights on the very top , or mirrors -- something to warn passing ships .
te	8	" How did you know where Adele was ? "
te	9	Sofia narrowed her eyes as she stared on the wall .
te	10	" I can 't believe I 'm hearing this . "
te	11	" That 's why she gave you away , to protect you .
te	8	Damian E.J. " I blended the paper and I put on a blue shirt , wearing short and black jeans .
te	11	Shaking his head to free his thoughts and focus , he hears a subtle giggle from his companion .
te	7	Let her see the truth .
te	9	Sitting with the band on bench seats Katherine had feared as much .
te	5	" Our objective , " Captain Wisdom told his soldiers .
te	6	Instinctively she swings her body about and into a combat stance .
te	7	The arrows would wound and slow the bear down , and the spears would finish the job .
te	10	The American looked as though he had been expecting this .
te	10	I see it in the shifting ribbons of color in his aura .
te	6	We fought together in both Malaya and Borneo .
te	9	We 're all tired and achy , and Gabe finds us a room at a rundown inn .
te	5	With a guide , the route was relatively easy .
te	7	She paused and studied us with a faint frown .
te	10	Her plan to visit the Cathedral had been driven away by a strong need for caffeine .
te	10	VIN sent a message back about adding rhodium and small amounts of palladium to the load .
te	9	Amidst the sunlight and gentle breeze , I tried not to dwell on Jacob .
te	11	" Do you think your family is still alive ? "
te	8	Old bugger thinks he 's still thirty five . "
te	6	The hard tone in his voice softened .
te	7	" Look , sweetie , I have no control over the weather . "
te	5	" So , what 's this intriguing mystery ? "
te	6	' That 's a shame , ' he continued in the same relaxed tone .
te	5	Yet , in its vastness , there is only one , single , empty room .
te	10	Just like before Danny joined after Raphael 's introduction .
te	6	" Well , that 's just great , " said 007 .
te	9	" Does that suit you Sir ? "
te	6	Neither Sammie nor Sidney have a birth certificate or a social security number .
te	10	She drove with a ferocious intensity her head surrounded by a cloud of smoke .
te	8	Donovan took a moment to speak .
te	10	" They were the ones who carried you here , " she said .
te	8	No one knows I 'm here .
te	6	I put my hand on my bag .
te	10	Are you getting this on camera ? "
te	11	I shivered at the thought of them attacking without warning .
te	9	" My family think I 've been working .
te	8	" Flag to all vessels , weapons free ; concentrate fire on target Zulu Alpha Three .
te	8	Her desk phone rang , startling her out of her paralysis .
te	11	Paul had managed to rig up a temporary light for the briefing .
te	8	He had to be , or else what was he ?
te	9	Can 't say I know where he came from , but he 's a ghost hunter .
te	5	Just a few sips and she wasn 't weak , not any longer .
te	8	" Right , so the earth is 4500 million years old and I am 45 years old .
te	10	Sky struggled attempting to break free .
te	7	All our employees and friends , their addresses , hundreds of them all over the United States .
te	9	Without another word , they left us , riding into the hateful , rising sun .
te	9	" My grandfather thought your mom had something to with it .
te	10	A man appeared on the screen , holding a newspaper in front of his chest .
te	9	He drew nearer , and Landon stepped forward to block his path .
te	7	Within a maelstrom of pain and fever she traversed the dreamscape of the night , sometimes running , sometimes crawling .
te	6	" At last , " said the Spell Wizard , in a deep throaty voice .
te	9	No matter what happens , you 're to get her out of here alive .
te	10	It 's not like he had anything else to do .
te	6	" I have one last question , " I spoke and took a defensive stance .
te	8	I can 't believe someone knocked him out . "
te	7	" He 's an actor and a comedian , " he said , " He 's a star . "
te	7	The fairy godmother thanked the bears and the frog and turned the little girl into a wasp .
te	11	They did not notice the old man watching them over the fence from their yard .
te	8	But these were not true spirits -- far from it .
te	5	" Lower your weapon , Commander , " Leanne Carter 's voice came .
te	9	" Did he tell you where he was going ? "
te	8	They headed back to the train station ; John bound for London , Katherine , Barbara and Amy bound for Penrith .
te	9	she turned to Joe Jack while pushing them through the door into her house .
te	10	This is pure turmoil burning my cheeks , crowding inside my throat .
te	10	" Look after a child in one of these places ?
te	10	Warrior cranes her head in order to look directly at Lisa with both eyes .
te	10	" That 's fine show me where to dock . "
te	11	" It 's back like it was when we were kids .
te	11	The Prince was certain the man had been grasping a hidden dagger .
te	9	The minute he cleared the doorway , a glass door sealed off the tube so the next passenger could teleport in .
te	9	With an agitated sigh , Link endures the ridicule as he starts into the forest .
te	7	Everyone had their secret hoard , and population became everyone 's prime target .
te	6	Like a thousand demonic arrows , the revelation savagely cut and tore at his very soul .
te	6	Once again he took out his light , opened a box , pressed some numbers , and opened another door .
te	7	It 's getting late Jon , are we still making our way to Happy Hour ? "
te	10	King Martin was dead , murdered in front of us .
te	5	" Yes , I am a doctor .
te	9	Pierre and Enrico stepped aside as he opened the door for her .
te	9	The time had come to move on .
te	10	That must mean we were going far .
te	7	Finally emerging back onto solid ground , he gradually catches his breath .
te	6	A brilliant flash of his shovel through the air and onto its head .
te	5	" Oh , you just looked ... miles away , " she said .
te	10	He made a mental note to be nice to her later .
te	7	One of Gabriel 's blond eyebrows rose .
te	6	" Well , I for one thank you for your time and effort .
te	9	" And another thing ; did you know all the missing Trojans are here ? "
te	9	" It 's not the same in England as in France , " I countered .
te	11	The woman seemed to think about this for a few moments .
te	11	" The Tanaka 's ... they think I 've ripped them off ... fuckers . "
te	8	Back at the company area , Flaherty and Goggles found Sergeant King waiting for them .
te	8	Sweat trickled down his brow , and the ragged breath escaping his lips was punctuated with muttered , incomprehensible words .
te	10	Melody did freeze , but only partly because of the urgency in Ted 's voice .
te	8	Shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy quietly died beside him , passing beyond the horrific end into peace .
te	10	The Prince swallowed to work moisture into his throat before responding .
te	10	I 'd never seen a heap of metal fly so high into the air .
te	9	She failed to notice them crouch .
te	9	There was yet another awkward silence , but this time it was broken by an all too familiar sound .
te	11	She asks , beginning to walk alongside the woman .
te	9	That silly fairy needs to grow up and Wendy needs to smile more . "
te	7	We ran to Paris , and when the surrender came we fled to Marseilles .
te	9	" Wow , I didn 't even know you could high jump .
te	11	I suspect he will notice OS messages for some time , then eventually just ignore them as background noise .
te	7	Wandering through the streets without a clue was foolish and dangerous .
te	7	Adele fixed him with clear , trusting eyes .
te	7	Already , two remaining more siege towers came against the north wall and poured the enemy into their midst .
te	11	Were they going to get a turn ? "
te	5	Around the explosion the dome went black , darkness cascading overhead .
te	6	If so , why did only one mountain fall and not all of them ?
te	6	" Are you saying ... " " You two get a shift on ! "
te	5	For those next few awful hours , Mom was out there , oblivious .
te	5	sores ... leaches galore ... ... . .
te	8	Same at me happened , was in junior year of high school .
te	10	" Don 't act like you 're so much better than me .
te	10	So that 's my eye 's doing ? "
te	7	" Pssst , Johnny , it 's me " came the invisible voice from the wall to my left .
te	8	The big man smiled at the contents of the plate .
te	8	Said Mrs. Jones , taking away my thought to Laurence and making me watch an old white and brown building .
te	10	' She was looking forward to surprising him with impressive record sales . '
te	9	Melody screamed as Ted came back in the front door .
te	11	He was looking forward to putting his feet up and spending time with his dogs .
te	8	She sighted across the top of one .
te	7	As it subsides , a gargantuan blade of the darkest crimson hangs heavily in the monster 's grasp .
te	8	She seemed impervious to any pain he could inflict .
te	6	' In case you haven 't noticed , we are not mere travellers or market traders .
te	8	He rambled pleasantly , taking a seat beside her on the log .
te	10	Someone who liked to win .
te	8	Which , of course , only encouraged another round of jokes from the red-eyed young man about seasickness .
te	11	I realize too late that I haven 't been minding the monster .
te	10	Tell me , what have you found ? "
te	7	Matthew peered over the counter , first to the searching storekeeper and then to the cubby holes .
te	9	I smiled with all my mouth , having tears in my eyes .
te	9	" Ok , here 's how we 'll play it .
te	10	Ben looked into 007 's eyes , wondering exactly what Toby was seeing .
te	8	Mark asked as he continued his inspection .
te	8	He felt around - there was a lump of something papery .
te	6	We need a highly trained , permanent , and experienced military force .
te	9	Aria sends out her thought hastily through the open channel between herself and her daughter .
te	8	He hummed while he worked , some sort of Russian folk tune .
te	10	Below , an unfortunate crewman drifted into view and crashed into the back of the navigator 's seat .
te	10	" I 'll see what the girls want on the way .
te	7	Ted lightly pulled on the knob and the door swung back in and latched solidly .
te	6	" Can I get you something ?
te	10	" I may have something to keep the mood festive a while longer .
te	9	Just before he lost control of his bladder .
te	10	It was the sixth time they called Stacy , but didn 't succeed .
te	7	Pushing the driver away from the Luton , I leaned in and took the keys out the ignition .
te	10	The wind picked up , causing ripples to course across the grass .
te	5	Still the same Lord Brogan , he reflected wryly .
te	8	He will be hanged tomorrow at sundown . "
te	8	Minutes later , I was clicking into my cables and tightening the ropes .
te	11	" What happened was not a risk anyone could have anticipated . "
te	9	The woman turned to her , " It was nice meeting you , Sofia .
te	11	That 's why you were there , to try and stop it . "
te	9	Ted turned to look back at Melody one last time .
te	7	We must begin our work on that score very soon .
te	9	But it was easier to speak to her than Roberto .
te	7	" Out of my way , " snarled the burly man , getting unsteadily to his feet .
te	10	Sofia reached for his hand before the vine had split on two .
te	11	I 'm nobody , all my life I 've been nobody .
te	10	The birds sing with cheer and the leaves and pine needles suddenly brighten with intensity .
te	6	I could find and rescue my mom .
te	8	sound in the bush and then felt a couple more stones whiz by them .
te	11	We know that all of their activities to date have been late at night .
te	9	It was a battered white Luton box truck with no markings on the side .
te	11	Tell Isaac I 'll be over Friday evening .
te	9	Miriam couldn 't help flushing with pleasure that he 'd remembered .
te	9	I had to stop talking .
te	7	The volatile Arabs suddenly turned on him and a shoving , yelling , wild melee ensued .
te	6	The stranger 's hand was dry and smooth - and warm .
te	10	" Who sent you to spy on us ?
te	5	" Oh , yeah , David , I most certainly will , " said Shallow Lucy .
te	7	' Round are so boring , can I have square ones ?
te	7	Like sand through an hourglass , her time is running out .
te	9	She is a sweet little girl with the innocence of angels .
te	11	I know how long you have waited for this moment but this is not the time , nor the place .
te	5	" Did his changes make sense at least ? "
te	7	The boys went off to their classes and met again at break time .
te	7	The first piece of cargo took an hour and finally it was in and tight .
te	7	She put everything back except the muskrat coat and turned her attention to the other trunk .
te	10	I started travelling , seeing the places he never saw .
te	7	As you all know , the monetary system has completely broken down and we rely on a barter system .
te	7	Onyx stared at his friend , puzzled , but then the meaning of the words hit him .
te	10	None of this she could say , however much she wanted to .
te	10	Given the nature of feasting within the great hall , the kitchens were nearby .
te	9	I walked to the entrance and looked around at the scene of devastation before me .
te	6	Her knees trembled beneath her .
te	8	A moment later , as the last of the snowy dust floated on by , I could see him .
te	9	He scribbled an order on a piece of paper and gave it to him .
te	10	The woman said nothing but pushed Miriam forward and pointed to the bath .
te	5	" And then , of course , it all changed . "
te	7	Tork stepped out of the vehicle then made his way around to my door .
te	9	" I don 't know what you mean , " Sarah said .
te	10	" I do want to talk . "
te	8	We started cutting our way to him .
te	7	" To be fair , it was all rushed . "
te	10	He pointed to the newspaper he had tossed in it the night before .
te	11	" Looks like we 're due an early snowfall , Chancellor , " Professor Bamford mused .
te	10	I heard Phillip 's voice come from the same place as the splash .
te	6	Finally , after a long , tedious climb , the duo reached another flat area .
te	11	Now I 'm looking up at the stars , counting them rapidly in my head because I can now .
te	11	Said to tell you to be very careful .
te	10	Adele hesitated , she might have laughed but he seemed so detached and remote .
te	7	I shrugged sheepishly , and Jacob laughed before speaking .
te	8	But then the bodyguard took them both by the arm and said : " Don 't be in such a rush !
te	9	The metal rafter was firm beneath my feet , and I simply refused to look down .
te	9	Rafe had begun pacing around the restricted space of the tent .
te	10	Beginning to lose his momentum , he opens his eyes and panics when he finds himself nowhere near the surface .
te	6	He buckled her seatbelt , saw her questioning frown and smiled .
te	8	The view from the fort wasn 't what she expected .
te	6	The indomitable Stave simply handed out hard cheese , bread and apples for a cold supper .
te	7	I sat down on our second-hand leather sofa , closed my eyes and leaned against the backrest .
te	9	Somewhere off Interstate 90 , Reid helped me remove the racing stripes from the Land Cruiser and change the number plates .
te	9	Claire looked at the corner where the steps led to the next floor .
te	6	" So if the Ramos win , George and Phillip die . "
te	8	Jennie just sat quietly gazing into the fire .
te	6	Her mind went back to the photo .
te	6	Reluctantly , he released his wife 's arm .
te	6	" If you drug me I might lose control .
te	7	Mark looked at the small device , cocking his left eyebrow .
te	6	" A lot of men came out of that war with some serious issues .
te	10	Where I was supposed to belong .
te	9	" Finally , it is time to name our new space station .
te	7	Bread will be a luxury , " continued Suzi in the next room an hour later .
te	7	A hundred feet or so later , I was wheeled into a large service elevator .
te	10	Only , it 's so hard to keep my eyes on Gabe 's face .
te	9	The morning was cold and she needed to start the tea .
te	8	He slowly dressed in front of the mirror .
te	7	He slipped the Ferrari into its bay , shut the motor off , and closed the overhead door behind him .
te	9	' That 's what a phone call from Katherine does for you . '
te	8	" Please sit down and let us be reasonable .
te	9	Rogues on the other hand , that 's Leah and me , work much more subtly .
te	7	I stared at the shallow indentation in the bartender 's calf .
te	9	She cried when she was transferred out .
te	7	Please stop being so stubborn .
te	8	Her mind went round and round her imagination doing cartwheels .
te	6	That was six years ago .
te	11	I hope you 're happy , because that 's all over . "
te	7	In the middle of this scene sat a man in his late 20s or early 30s .
te	5	The Village of Autumn , The Mine District , The Fourth Realm .
te	11	I saw the spectre of the being join the body , leaving its previous position as spectator .
te	7	" Captain , it is an honor as always , " Lisa states simply .
te	7	" No , no , it 's probably nothing , " muttered Molly , sweeping the floor .
te	9	A tiny kitchen with a table for two opened into a living room with a plaid couch and a matching chair .
te	5	But now , with his dark gaze holding hers , she wasn 't sure .
te	9	The simplest course of action would be to say nothing .
te	8	You just jumped in like some trumped up corporal .
te	5	Still , he ran , legs churning and the heart pumping .
te	9	She went in the barn often to check the horses for injuries .
te	9	Simon felt satisfied that the move had worked and felt no guilt or regret .
te	10	You 're going to attack from behind . "
te	11	I love that my two best friends are together !
te	7	She turned to the desk and rifled through the papers from the Zurich deposit box .
te	10	Susan sat back down trying to calm herself .
te	7	He drew a rasping breath ; a sliver of blood trickled past his lips .
te	9	Bethany again held out her hand to Nathan while maintaining eye contact with the woman .
te	7	We are nae without resources .
te	10	" Just wondering if you 're okay . "
te	7	Picking up Amy said , ' Oh my god , how are you ? '
te	11	Once the government took control of all the major communication companies of the past , real police work began . "
te	11	There is nothing comparable between the deaths we caused and Di Luca 's slaughter .
te	6	They have poisoned crossbows , poisoned spears , arrows , swords , daggers -- everything .
te	10	Knowing just how much she 's missed the ranch , Link won 't force Epona to leave just yet .
te	7	" Led by an American general officer , seconded to duty as a UN officer . "
te	8	He held his hand to the bottom of his rib cage .
te	8	Aria glances out the transparent bulkhead , her eyes suddenly distant as memories flood her mind .
te	11	He glared at the Arab , " How do you account for that ? "
te	7	" Just don 't spend the money , " said Jacob .
te	11	" Did you see anyone leave just now ?
te	7	" You mean that she cried ? "
te	9	I turned to look at him .
te	8	They stood in a semi-circle behind her , looking over her shoulder at the burnt body .
te	6	Whatever the case , she now felt sinful and childish for her vanity .
te	11	Toby noticed that both Victoria and William stopped eating and were looking at each other .
te	8	They weren 't trained , or expected , to improvise .
te	7	" We do , but the world 's a dangerous place and bad things happen to good people . "
te	6	" Forgive me , Master , but Lord Rafe is not here . "
te	10	We need to work on the shipwreck itself .
te	9	A new window opened , displaying an enormous alphabetical list of files .
te	7	" What do you think it means , Mr. Clancy ? "
te	11	" Well what do you believe then ? "
te	6	Suddenly , the steel door on the roof banged open again .
te	9	Jordan stared a hole into her as if she were from another planet .
te	6	He wore black pants , and one boot .
te	11	She had to admit that she liked it .
te	10	He didn 't know what kind of trick he was up to .
te	8	At least that 's what Mr. Stark told me .
te	5	" Good balance , insane punching power , and incredible toughness .
te	5	" I 'm serious . "
te	9	These skills are programmed into the cerebellum over a lifetime .
te	7	Her brother 's shirt had covered her chest and only her back had been bared .
te	8	The vulnerability was being replaced by her usual self-reliance .
te	10	He could tell she had been crying .
te	6	Sweat dropped down my neck , I wiped it away and closed my eyes .
te	10	It took only a few minutes for them to stumble across their goal .
te	10	They seemed to have no interest in her at all anymore .
te	10	Graham began his summary of what he had found .
te	10	What do you have for me to work with ? "
te	7	Laughing still , he dropped into the throne , crossing his legs .
te	9	Why are you going to miss that ?
te	8	They spent years together along with the guy in Brunei Robbie McElroy .
te	9	He chuckled , " George you 've more than earned those stripes and a commendation besides .
te	6	I haven 't always succeeded , but I 've tried .
te	10	" Boy , did Jeff knock the sense out of you or what ? "
te	10	I stutter , trying to breathe right .
te	10	" He wouldn 't have been late if this was a business meeting .
te	5	" Just another routine cleanup , " a second spat .
te	5	" Come on , at least stay the night . "
te	7	" Well you just found her , soldier ... civilian , whichever , " she replied .
te	7	" Follow me , " Lilly Ann announced very importantly , " I shall take you to my leader ! "
te	8	" It 's all he is .
te	6	" It is a terrible place , " Stave agreed , " but Allan and I survived it before .
te	8	" Sometimes you have to try and see the positive side .
te	8	You can 't leave me with your baby , for Christ 's sake !
te	6	So were three other women and two girls after her , then Rachel 's mother stepped forward .
te	11	I arrived right as you were being led into the throne room .
te	5	" Well , well , what 's this , then ? "
te	7	He nodded and the man poured a full glass , set the bottle down and stepped back .
te	7	" They are looking for someone .
te	8	Atlas reached up for the Bowie knife hanging from his combat harness .
te	8	Katherine shrieked having followed him out .
te	7	" I know , but this much blood loss isn 't adding up .
te	8	Fed up with the unfair tactic , Mai appears in front of Rift with a radically different plan .
te	6	" When did he tell you the truth ? "
te	9	Silver and red rotated in the motes of light between the leaves , the stones were traced through with black .
te	6	" Of course she does ... " and then Hamish reconsidered his immediate answer .
te	5	And now in Europe , for this summer . "
te	6	The cogs ' movement was now more pronounced , more obvious than ever , on the video footage .
te	11	Do you plan to lie ? "
te	8	I immediately crawled higher and leapt to my feet .
te	9	That 'll cheer everyone up , and heaven knows he needs it too . "
te	7	Doesn 't matter , I alone will go to the airport or seaport , without any help .
te	6	" This is a public health citation , " he said .
te	6	He bowed slightly , stiffly , and was gone .
te	5	" This size , " he held up his flashlight .
te	8	" Here we are , " she said and parked her car randomly , in front of a grand hotel .
te	8	" You 've been asleep for barely an hour .
te	11	He kept having to move farther and farther away from Lynn .
te	11	" And you didn 't think to phone and make sure I was okay ?
te	10	" You 're right , children need to be organised , " said the housekeeper .
te	8	But the words came pouring out , unbidden and free .
te	5	" What have you guys done ? "
te	6	He picked up the abandoned object and followed her .
te	5	At least , before the children took the Warrior 's Trial .
te	8	The harsh tone surprised Claire , momentarily dragging her out of her bewilderment .
te	9	Ryan had already purchased 150 tons of this specially made solid fuel , at $ 90,000 a ton .
te	8	The shoddy collection of houses seem surreal to the Princess , resting on the uneven town levels .
te	11	The fake monster slit his throat before he even knew there was anything wrong .
te	8	Something will come to mind . '
te	10	Until today , I really thought I 'd gotten away with it . "
te	6	I told him about my mom , about my sister , about my dad , about my childhood .
te	10	It took her a long time to collect her thoughts and say , weakly , " Ok . "
te	6	Then he drew the hood back from young , handsome features , and said , " Ten .
te	7	" Remarkable you didn 't get your bloody head shot off , " I whispered dryly .
te	6	Gabe 's voice shifts from anger to concern .
te	6	Her fingers were long and slender , but old , faded scars marred her hands and arms .
te	9	Do you have any questions ? "
te	5	Ten rounds fired , four zombies shot , three killed .
te	8	Or she could wear it on her right arm , and it was nothing more than a gift .
te	6	Most Grenadiers were single - most , but not all .
te	7	Her gaze shifted to him .
te	11	It would be nice if he would come and stand by the door .
te	8	Except for a pair of hiking boots .
te	6	" For a long time , Cook came up with nada .
te	6	Even his family 's inn was booked solid most every night .
te	6	They are bold colors -- deep reds and blues , and brilliant greens and purples .
te	9	The few birds that dared share his perch seemed ill-equipped to judge .
te	8	Dane frowned in concentration , " Late morning , must have been about eleven . "
te	7	" Junior Commander Tork , perhaps you should leave the thinking to the scientists . "
te	5	" About Joseph - " " I know , " Luke said quietly .
te	10	I am safe when I 'm with you . "
te	10	" You know so much -- how long have the Dog People known these things ? "
te	8	Ted turned his attention now to the full bags of seed .
te	8	" Right away , my Laird , " the Sergeant Major produced his data pad and began tapping away .
te	10	I am weak kneed with admiration .
te	9	He had filed injunctions , threatened suits , even resorted to bribes .
te	8	When he finally climbed into the vehicle , he gave the corporal an insolent look .
te	11	The letter flew out of his hand as stars popped in front of his eyes .
te	8	Yet I still need to know ; you can understand that , can you not ? "
te	11	" He 's in no shape to make the hop , " he began , their visors touching .
te	7	My grandfather 's final words whispered in my mind ' Speak and be heard . '
te	6	" Right hand , left hand , right hand , touch light , touch light , touch light .
te	9	Helen rolled to the side and Jack leaned in to read the message .
te	7	I whipped away from Malcolm 's grasp .
te	5	' No , no , thankfully not , ' the Princess chuckled .
te	9	" You know how to reach us . "
te	9	Although , this time he had a lot to think on .
te	10	I think we should leave at first light tomorrow . "
te	7	If things are too unusual , it could cause problems with the guests .
te	8	No one seemed to hear him .
te	11	Just the guy that 's going to kill you . "
te	11	I just didn 't want to lose it for Avril 's sake .
te	10	Graham was quick to get the message to John .
te	11	" How do we know these are all of them ?
te	10	He declares , charging forward and grabbing for his opponent 's legs .
te	8	Tangled bits of flesh and entrails dangle from the tightly wound wires at random points .
te	9	What do you think , should we help them out ? "
te	7	" They will never chase you away , " she whispered .
te	10	Miriam , keeping in mind Mana 's orders to stay silent , stayed next to Neil on the settee .
te	11	" Sit , sit , " she said , motioning to the dinette chairs tucked under the table .
te	10	I was the one who needed saving .
te	7	In 2015 , twelve of the top hundred songs were remakes of old songs .
te	8	A narrow face and pronounced nose called to mind a rapacious sea gull .
te	10	" You thought I might what ? "
te	10	The bugger had now completely retired and still played with George on a regular basis .
te	7	You are a wonderful man , and I love you very much . "
te	8	Because of their unaware generosity , this did two things for me ; buy me more time and untie my restraints .
te	6	and she stamped her foot on the floor in anger .
te	7	I am here on suffrage , am I not ?
te	8	I just want to see him , alive . "
te	8	Roberto was in a blissful state of his own .
te	8	' You can 't mean that , ' Amy said when Barbara touched the frame sentimentally .
te	7	Over the next hour the flickering light moved steadily across the horizon and disappeared .
te	7	Several contractors I know made millions from illegal labor .
te	5	However , on the upside the three hunters were safe .
te	11	He wanted to see how loud it was , " Ted explained .
te	6	We can go now ! "
te	8	The pair stood in front of the newspaper box .
te	7	" Never underestimate your enemy or a woman , " Falcon always said .
te	9	" Seriously , " he said , " will you marry me , Jen ?
te	10	She continued speaking as Noah 's breathing slowed .
te	6	For the next minute , Amanda and the woman conversed in rapid-fire Russian .
te	10	" Bring me the Sage , " he commands , his voice amplified and grotesquely evil under Din 's influence .
te	10	He was hidden from view with no one in sight and no barrier to stop him .
te	6	' Um , don 't you have any gems or beads or amulets or anything ? '
te	6	The ground produced a gap on the ground just beside the gem .
te	5	Was it a - ' ' You sent it on ? '
te	10	" This is exactly what I was worried about , " admitted Bradley .
te	9	Who are they to tell us different ?
te	7	" What is the Idol of the Great Mother ? "
te	6	" And this other chap , Jessie Owens , he wins as well ? "
te	8	" While we 're still on NET property , let 's make haste .
te	6	" You wouldn 't do anything foolish , do you ? "
te	9	It 's been frozen on your face since you stood . "
te	11	How come they didn 't appeal to Conrad ?
te	6	" Take them , " the man says .
te	9	Flint might be able to help .
te	9	" Because any more and we start pairing up and killing each other . "
te	9	The boss has impressive contacts , extending to the President himself , and can keep you here . "
te	9	She jerked her arm out of my grasp and shrugged on the robe , belting it around her waist .
te	9	Tori borrowed it and they went back to class .
te	11	she yelled back over her shoulder as she tried to get a head start .
te	10	He contemplated how much his life had changed within the last two weeks .
te	6	All the nerves in my arms are numb and then , suddenly , spiky and electric .
te	11	I treasured those moments ; truly , it seemed he had only just come into the world .
te	11	Without further struggle the Courtier collapsed , his free arm clutching for the knife , dying words on his lips .
te	11	He understands operational security meaning that phone number was for Beale alone . "
te	7	" He 's unbearable , Johnny , he struts around all day like some prized rooster or something . "
te	11	She was determined that she would not open herself up to more ridicule .
te	7	My stomach flipped , and I felt bile gathering in my mouth .
te	11	The only sins he can 't forgive are the ones you will not let go of . "
te	7	Qin Lee had done a first-rate job : the ID cards were as good as the real things .
te	10	He would be the first to do it .
te	5	The haunted bridges , enchanted forest and stuff like that . "
te	9	A rounded couch circles a messy coffee table where several dirty dishes and cups lay .
te	6	A large field of tall grass was straight out the kitchen door .
te	9	" What makes you think that ? "
te	8	I 'd been doing it for months .
te	9	It 's funny you know , I 've seen them before .
te	7	The Headmaster spoke to the woman and ignored Miriam .
te	11	Harald appeared , walking out of a door and up to them .
te	9	You know nothing of our potential and hold nothing about our people sacred .
te	11	She said I 'm to be this leader ?
te	7	She climbed over the side her own chair and jumped down .
te	7	" Else the rain 'll go straight down your back . "
te	6	" Ah , well , " said Toby , " that 's not so bad . "
te	6	" I 'm sorry , " she said again .
te	8	With one slightly sharp reply he had put an end to her friendly manner and she had curled away within herself .
te	9	David struggled to sit up and pulled uselessly against his restraints .
te	9	said Reid as we jogged across the park .
te	9	" Sure , nobody would come help an ugly crow like me , " she said laughing .
te	10	This was not something that could be undone .
te	9	Close enough to kiss her .
te	11	" Do you know where we are going ? "
te	9	The next several minutes passed in a flash as Jack described his plan for during and after the attack .
te	9	They didn 't bother turning their heads when the door opened and Lucas walked in .
te	9	She slowly worked her way through the mail periodically discussing an item with Connor .
te	5	For the first time after so long , a guy finally had my full attention .
te	10	Nolen laughed before he turned to leave .
te	10	She found the morning stars unwieldy , but picked up a throwing axe to test its balance .
te	10	At the end of the main corridor , having passed at least a score of rooms , we reached another foyer .
te	9	" I seek the one who seeks the light . "
te	6	He grinned mischievously at her .
te	8	" Well that is a very flexible attitude for a foreigner , especially from Australia .
te	9	Andy could barely hear him over the din of the hail .
te	9	You really should spend some time with her , and then you 'd see what I mean .
te	7	" I lost my sword , " the Prince said thickly , " but I found it again . "
te	8	It went against the grain , against every fibre of my being .
te	10	People have to act for themselves against evil and win back their lives and souls for themselves .
te	6	Scott lowered the binoculars and looked around the area .
te	10	He sounded as spooked as I felt .
te	6	" It is a bit complicated .
te	11	the woman smiled as she spotted him over the top of her glasses .
te	11	He was happy by my reaction and I was this close to explode because of the enthusiasm .
te	9	That was why the poor boy was weeping so bitterly !
te	10	He was wearing the uniform of Caesar 's most elite and most respected squad among all the Romans .
te	7	" Ok then ... let 's go in the reception . "
te	7	Suddenly my mind fogged over , and I couldn 't remember ... had he really died ?
te	8	" " From what ? "
te	11	If you 're going to be surrounded fall back into the night , understood ? "
te	8	" You taught me , so don 't complain . "
te	8	Dark pupils dilated wildly within a sea of wintry grey .
te	7	It would be here in moments .
te	11	Finan watched Rafe finger the edge of the parchment before him again and waited .
te	10	No one was reticent of risking their lives in the venture .
te	7	" Hold on just a second , " Neil said .
te	6	Duke gently stroked the downy body , still warm to the touch .
te	10	Rescue the others if you can , then get out of here ! '
te	10	I was aware of a cavernous space around me as the transport chamber was manoeuvred across the floor .
te	10	I had to help them but how ?
te	8	' That 's a drawing of an Okazaki fragment , ' she said .
te	8	Commander Encino stops to look around .
te	6	Up here , at altitude , lack of oxygen can cause hypoxia .
te	6	" We are leaving now . "
te	6	Then the operator , Buddy , with a nervous face , slowly climbed back into the bulldozer .
te	9	In annoyance , she watched Furnace bow , step back , and close the door behind him .
te	8	He proved to be competent .
te	7	He asked , " Is that a sailboat ? "
te	7	Using the scraper again , I slip the catch -- and this time , of course , the window opens easily .
te	11	" Anyway , when Kurt offered to take me around Europe , I was thrilled .
te	10	I still haven 't figured out any type of answer that makes sense .
te	10	" That 's from that song you sang to me , the first night you came here ! "
te	10	" Thank you Toby , that 's enough .
te	5	' Oh , as you wish , ' said Mrs Whitlow .
te	6	Arrogant and assured of their superiority Thatch hefted up a makeshift club .
te	8	The conversations in the compartment carried on until late in the evening .
te	5	" So your ancestor , Abraham Van Helsing , named me . "
te	7	" We drove in silence to her apartment , " he said .
te	9	The Prince did as he was told , and raised his arms over his head .
te	7	On his panorama screen Jason watches his own missiles streak away , passing the enemy ordinance .
te	9	Maybe you understand it better than I do .
te	9	It was as if they could not get enough .
te	7	Many were old black-and-white photos of unsmiling ancestors .
te	5	It was her last chance .
te	11	It was not the first time she had travelled of course .
te	7	" And it was like he said .
te	6	The two politicians walk quickly , but not too quickly , through the milling supporters and fellow crusaders .
te	11	She wanted to be everything he needed .
te	5	" Hi , Missy , " Mrs. Jackson greeted her .
te	11	He felt himself speak more than he heard .
te	9	Simon watched for a minute and began to remove his shoes as well .
te	7	Where is this kingdom , and what of this bird ? "
te	7	' It 's a five bed house ; you 'll share a twin bedroom . '
te	9	" This is something I did not foresee .
te	8	Her return evened the strength of the two families ; actually it tilted the strength vastly on their side . "
te	8	" Wolves are bred to kill .
te	6	" Adele , are you sure ?
te	10	Without a clue as to what he should do , Rift flips his hood back with a sigh .
te	11	We signed to GMD -- you were calm -- why ? '
te	5	An archer , a gunman , a bazooka man , a knight , and an assassin .
te	7	" Reading massive electromagnetic signatures from both ships , " Lieutenant Commander Kelvin called out from the sensor coordination cell .
te	9	It has everyone stirred up .
te	7	But the world doesn 't wait for healing .
te	9	He tapped a finger on the blown-up photograph of the manor and leaned back in his seat .
te	6	At home , I opened the can , ladled food into the Royal Dish and George ate with gusto .
te	9	They 're not moving this way , but it 'd be death for us all if they did .
te	7	The very little green vegetation seen here and there , made us realize the barren nature of the area .
te	11	Hell , I might even tell them to throw you out on your sorry ass ! "
te	6	She could not hate Roberto .
te	9	" What has happen to you , Jean ? "
te	9	Theodosia opened her mouth , shut it again , and wished that tea had already finished .
te	9	The heat could build upon itself and the rate go up to two degrees an hour or four or twenty .
te	5	Its deep blue eyes didn 't flicker or divert .
te	5	" Real bad , Joe Joe ... very , very bad ... Donna is here too . "
te	6	" Yes , I suppose so , " he said , his voice weary .
te	11	And I don 't want the world sharing my humiliations thank you very much .
te	11	Her fragile leg had been broken when she was thrown off her scooter .
te	10	" Stacy , what are you doing there ? "
te	11	So it surprised him when Barney asked , " How are things down at the shipwreck ? "
te	7	Eight minutes later , we entered the suburb of Montreuil .
te	8	As horrible as it is , sometimes those two commands just can 't both happen at the same time . "
te	11	" And we 'll die if we don 't get rid of the bodies . "
te	9	I felt Pete 's eyes wander over to me .
te	9	Hilda gasped , as if she could not breathe , and stumbled .
te	11	It is amazing that two people can be so in sync with each other .
te	10	Besides he was trying to kill me and the others .
te	6	I put my hands on my hips for emphasis .
te	6	He is too proud ... ... . .
te	9	' Why on earth would I want to sack my Deputy Housekeeper ? '
te	10	" You wish to see to this affair yourself , you mean ? "
te	11	If anybody did break in , I hoped the only thing they 'd take would be her .
te	8	It was too early to call .
te	7	" Who prepared this surprise for me ?
te	10	I think I might be going insane .
te	10	It will all depend on how quickly you can deliver .
te	7	With Joseph as our informant we should know more soon enough .
te	5	Hispanic woman , drove an old Corolla .
te	8	He stopped the motion before completing it .
te	9	I didn 't want to keep this up the whole night .
te	11	There was a mixture of amazement and terror there at being this close to a dragon .
te	6	With just one glance , he opened the door and headed down the steps .
te	5	You see , the Revolution threw out the Church .
te	10	They all smiled in relief in that place of death ... relief that it wasn 't death for them .
te	6	He agreed , " No , probably not ... But how else ? "
te	11	said my partner while he loaded a magazine into the chamber of his Glock .
te	11	" I thought there were laws against that , " said Maggie .
te	6	" Irregular Olivia , but not unknown , " said Jones , " the boss 's call . "
te	10	And though he tried not to show it , what Chris felt most at that moment was pride .
te	10	I have to get round 200 hostels and then I 'm free .
te	8	They 'd be found out in moments . "
te	7	" Back us up , Oracle , " Sye said , almost sadly , " Ignore Zook 's commands . "
te	9	" Because they inherently know they were meant to live longer . "
te	8	As the small building came into view , Butch saw a tree about two feet thick lying across the road .
te	6	The older you got , the more I felt a peculiar pull towards you .
te	7	They each threw an arm around him and dragged him off .
te	9	" I had not thought to take them . "
te	8	" A classified location " " Where is it ? "
te	8	" Why has this never been found before now ?
te	9	You could hold me off for a while with those lightning kicks .
te	7	" With all due respect , captain , we not only repaired you , we made you so much better .
te	6	" And you 're not coming back , right ? "
te	8	After some wobbling and a couple of near misses they were ready to go .
te	10	It didn 't seem like long before Archie was gently shaking him .
te	6	" I made a " mistake , " Josh declared , " I can pay . "
te	8	David Grey 's voice swept through her , the words tugging at her stomach .
te	6	" Where did they come from ?
te	7	It was a grim thought and more than a little harsh .
te	8	" We 've powered down the lower levels and redirected power to all key systems . "
te	10	It had become steadily worse all week , his mood getting darker with each passing day .
te	9	Another glorious morning where the sun will soon peek its flat face up and over the horizon .
te	6	" Well , this I can do , certainly but it all sounds rather odd .
te	7	With a roll of his shoulders the king drew his cloak behind him and brought his sword to hand .
te	8	Late at night on their second full day they sat and waited for a modification .
te	9	But that was not why she was helping him .
te	10	The French realized these things , and they fought back , despite the death that followed . "
te	7	Taking money pouch from his mouth he said , ' Just what I needed . '
te	10	She licked her lips , determined to finish the story .
te	9	As if by some secret signal , the four Hummingbirds rose off of their perch .
te	9	They had stayed too long on this small hill and time was now too precious to waste .
te	8	But light quickly faded from the sky , and soon night would set in .
te	10	Upon seeing them , he got an idea and waved to two locals he recognized .
te	5	" Oh , wait , maybe you are ! "
te	10	The rider had the presence of mind to throw himself from the saddle .
te	10	" I love going to the gun show in Denver .
te	10	He looked around and saw the squad of soldiers in a circle around them facing outwards with their weapons .
te	7	I got dressed and made my way up to the top deck .
te	6	She knelt down and clawed away some mud .
te	9	He followed her through the door and back into the heat of the afternoon .
te	8	Apparently , if Ruben had affected his family at all , they had recovered just fine .
te	8	I said you hated it .
te	9	Both men knew they could not help her .
te	7	I 'm not here in any official capacity , " she admits , getting comfortable .
te	9	Nobody was around to hear her .
te	7	They overheard and we found ourselves in a foot race towards the boat .
te	9	We waited another hour until darkness fell , before leaving the Cruiser and approaching the house .
te	8	With my swollen fingers I gripped the rope tied around my wrists .
te	10	He spun in midair , his hips twisting around as his right leg swinging out .
te	8	" I was wondering about that , " Miriam admitted .
te	7	Savor it while we can .
te	11	When you walk , walk like you do when you wear your bass .
te	10	Step aside or it will be you that dies . "
te	11	In the silence that followed Calvin attempted to comprehend the situation .
te	9	He just hoped that the guards hadn 't already blocked them all off .
te	7	On landing he thanked me , and then returned to his hard bitten self .
te	10	" Now you have to prepare him for bathing , Drogo . "
te	6	Like the other kids , I usual y carried my own personal weapon with me during the day .
te	10	It 's a spectacular little place and not too much of a drive from here . "
te	9	Do you believe her ? "
te	8	he asked his brother through barely moving lips .
te	11	" I thought you said Werewolves and Vampires mated for life ? "
te	9	I asked where they were taking me .
te	7	Simon looked at him for a moment and dashed for the stairs .
te	8	He inhaled sharply and began to choke .
te	7	Claire filled her lungs with freezing air and brushed the hair back from her face .
te	9	He shrieked and stumbled away as her father swung his axe .
te	8	I want this one to remember you by .
te	7	The more of them he acquired , the harder that was to believe .
te	8	VIN , maybe you have the right idea , head out and find a new life .
te	9	Being a camouflage brown Caterpillar with no other colors , she had longed for such beauty to be hers .
te	11	The new obstacle quickly becomes uninteresting when a howl echoes through the room .
te	7	Sarah felt better after just a few sips .
te	8	She said , putting a rock on my heart .
te	11	We wouldn 't be allowed to live in the city . "
te	5	" And junk , too , " I held up the dirty shoe .
te	5	The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , NOAA , ran the Space Weather Prediction Center .
te	11	He 's been helping me tend to you .
te	11	" In the garden I was in chains , trying to save your life with an outrageous lie . "
te	8	I shuddered as he relieved himself .
te	6	" No , you sure weren 't , " she smiled back at him .
te	10	' You guys normally go through official channels for this kind of intel . '
te	8	Sometimes too efficiently Ethan told himself as he ended a meeting with his operations officer .
te	7	This little fellow , he thought , could always raise his spirits even at the darkest hour .
te	7	Kicking off the bottom , I surged through the surface , gulping air .
te	8	And suddenly they rose up magnificently on both sides of the road .
te	6	She had bright red lipstick and narrow dark eyes , a perk little nose , and a diamond choke collar .
te	8	" Uh huh , sure you can ... just get in the house , " Trae responded bluntly .
te	7	When she got there , she slowly walked up the street , and spotted a likely shop .
te	11	Dane waited a second , " Are both of you going back tomorrow ? "
te	11	" Gerry , what was the evacuation plan in the event that we were attacked ? "
te	10	Connor was ambiguous about what to do .
te	5	" Beyond your wildest dreams , " the imp replied .
te	8	" Thanks , " Tobias nodded and sniffed loudly , laying a hand on her arm .
te	8	Soon Katherine savoured the menu 's cheapest salad whilst the girls tucked into lavish dishes .
te	8	Could it be the one , the Door of the Teachers ?
te	10	" Stay calm , " she adds , though her voice is quickly infected with worry as well .
te	11	" The broken table clocking me in the head obviously caused me to forget to tie up the first intruder .
te	8	Suddenly the nose picked up , and the ground disappeared from below the aircraft .
te	7	They absorbed into the creature 's skin .
te	5	" No , I really can 't , " she said and stepped back a step .
te	10	Heat emanated from the blue sky with only a slight breeze that ruffled his hair and jacket .
te	10	Impossible to say if she recognized me .
te	9	" They won 't be allowed to die .
te	7	Rafe could stand it no more , he felt his rage tremble to a peak and something within him snapped .
te	7	My fingers curled even tighter around the knife still in my hand , and I switched it open .
te	10	" You didn 't think I 'd forget , did you ? "
te	9	She actually jerked at the force of it , and Neela stirred from her lethargy .
te	10	Fundamental to this must be the eradication of corruption at all levels .
te	7	The steep slopes and rocky crags are void of plant life all the way up the hazardous trail .
te	8	Andre engaged the man in conversation and the yacht was soon tied to the marina .
te	10	All of us guys wanted to help you walk , but you were doing all right yourself .
te	7	Feeling defeated , his body language shows the state of his spirit .
te	10	Last Thursday , the guys and I were eating brownies in the caf together , ready for another day at work .
te	6	The speaker laughed and slapped the man next to him .
te	6	" Primary system function recognition enabled , " a familiar yet monotone female voice announces over the speakers .
te	10	He wouldn 't tell me what it was exactly , but he seemed excited .
te	10	They do say that fire cleanses .
te	9	Moments later , the blood that oozed from the wound slowed to a slight trickle .
te	8	" I shouldn 't have done that , " said Bethany almost in a whisper .
te	5	After that particular move , the war was pretty much a foregone conclusion .
te	7	I 'm helping Dad and it makes me hungry . "
te	7	Moving to the bed , he plopped down with a groan .
te	7	Other people at the bar stopped talking , cocked their heads and stared at Mark .
te	11	And why had he not let go of the doorknob ?
te	8	The front right tire of the leading car went out in a burst of flames .
te	6	Outside the pen , beyond the onlookers , I saw big , round tents and torches .
te	7	" I don 't guess I know , sir . "
te	10	' Remember it 's only a couple of nights . '
te	11	So I will be invisible will I ? "
te	11	" He will be powerless to do aught else .
te	7	All the major cities near the JP were to the east , north , or south .
te	9	With a sigh , I realized my job was done , but my real work had yet to begin .
te	7	" It is not the largest , nor the fanciest , but yet it is probably the most beautiful . "
te	8	' Oh , and twenty-four hours after that , he killed him again , ' said Reid wryly .
te	5	Our speed and firepower is our biggest advantage . "
te	8	The flight up to Penang seemed to take forever .
te	10	Alejo flipped the phone shut and jammed it into his pocket .
te	8	He just could not stop to talk .
te	5	A guy several rows back says , " Old movies ? "
te	8	On the colored marble was the insignia of the Augur Collegium : two crossed torches upheld by two hands .
te	11	Her ruthless rejection wasn 't something he was used to .
te	11	Uncle Jim used to say it when we were younger .
te	8	Looking about she sees industrial shelving , with medical equipment , stacked against grey metal bulkheads .
te	7	That was a nasty dream , make no mistake !
te	11	He slipped into unconsciousness before he could catch a glimpse of the city .
te	8	The trio walked around in the wreckage , poking at unrecognizable chunks with their boots .
te	9	And the Angel ordered the boys to close their eyes for a second .
te	9	Going to visit Ashton ? "
te	6	" The strangers are strong allies , " said one .
te	6	" You look good , " she said .
te	6	If he lives , he 'll warn his contacts . "
te	5	Pleasure , pain , so close , so different and yet the same .
te	11	And it looks like they don 't get poisoned the same way either . "
te	6	At the same time , her hackles rose at his disapproving frown .
te	8	" Good morning , " Taylor started , " did you two get a good night 's sleep ? "
te	8	He turned and ran to the other end of the gate .
te	11	He teamed up with the guys who dreamed up the funky gun cover and together they designed and built the pad .
te	10	It wasn 't every day you stumbled across a shipwreck .
te	9	" We 've set a place for you ; you 're just in time for lunch . "
te	8	" Do you really believe that ? "
te	10	In his fury to gain purchase on the wall , the Englishman was dragging the wounded , terrified boy back .
te	6	After all this here while ago with Anderson , I 'm gettin ' powerful worried . "
te	10	He even told me he was with other men , and what they talked about .
te	9	I 'm sure this is nothing .
te	7	Behind us the boy screams , " Come back here ! "
te	11	We were going at the road known by me , namely the road to Hersonissos .
te	7	' Hell , Dismal , ' the second outlaw burst out , ' it 's a woman ! '
te	7	I pulled a flashlight from my pack and made my way down .
te	9	He seemed not to notice , so we did our best to ignore it as well .
te	9	It 's getting dark up here ; the sun looks beautiful , changing color , approaching second-stage activation .
te	9	He couldn 't tell , but they were chuckling about it and moving sideways , away from her .
te	10	" But it was you who spoke of it ! "
te	9	His blood begun to drip on her face .
te	8	" You said your family traveled , your father was a merchant , perhaps ? "
te	7	, " I look at Gabe helplessly .
te	8	Sweat soaked my shirt and dripped off the sides of my face .
te	7	He turned again and raised his leg with relish .
te	10	" You think he will come back for us ? "
te	10	He had refused any secret beers over the last couple of days , and VIN hardly saw the guy .
te	11	She was too utterly cynical to be at all interested in his thoughts or opinions .
te	6	Chris opened his bag and took out two sandwiches .
te	9	There were sure to be other dangers .
te	11	Sofia stared in amazement until the boy draw close to her and smiled .
te	8	To blind , cripple , or kill is to forfeit victory .
te	11	" You know this is my first time seeing actual snow , " she said .
te	7	" What connection does it have to the kings ? "
te	10	He heard us coming and was ready when we threw open the door .
te	11	What could have summoned such a deadly force of nature ?
te	8	Could it have been over that million gallon fuel discrepancy at the base ?
te	8	The Wave Star passes between the Undying Lights -- it is a night of prophecy and prophecy fulfilled . "
te	5	How about that weather ? "
te	7	I 'd expect that from a peasant . "
te	8	If Noah is with you , I want to be there too , at home .
te	6	Chapter Two " She 's jinxed , " a female voice said in the darkness .
te	8	It just kept getting more and more interesting .
te	7	I clasped my hands together and fiddled with my fingers .
te	11	No one thought for a second of cracking a joke with the guy .
te	5	" Damian ... " " Yes Abby . "
te	11	The best course of action was to leave her alone to calm down .
te	7	' Nice , ' said Reid , staring ahead .
te	8	" I will need hot water too , but mostly cold . "
te	10	It had been weeks since he 'd heard anyone laugh .
te	8	But I can 't check the corner of the screen .
te	6	" Reuben Golding is my name , " he went on in a low trusting voice .
te	7	Now Missy really wanted to know .
te	7	" Things will seem much clearer in the morning . "
te	11	Steve asked when his brother laid a large sack on the floor of the cab .
te	11	A triumphant smile grew on her lips when Cade did not move to follow .
te	6	Glancing outside , I saw the fence immediately before us .
te	10	Together we can face any challenge with imagination , creativity and a healthy dose of determination .
te	5	Command and Signal : Capt. Tyler Alexander , MSG Castro Frequency : internal , team .
te	7	Where is this on the second picture ? "
te	6	In seconds I was at ground level beside the fire pit , still kneeling and unable to move .
te	5	" Avril , are you all right , honey ? "
te	8	He began to leave but stopped and turned back to me .
te	8	As I sat quietly on the bench , my finger slowly traced the revolver resting in my waistcoat pocket .
te	11	" Well , who do we have here ? "
te	9	" Abby ... I want to be alone . "
te	11	Heck , that was damn near six months ago , Hawk .
te	7	He also stepped back a few steps , doubled over , holding his privates .
te	9	When the little girl took another step forward and held out her hand again Scott 's decision was made .
te	6	Adrian is currently a successful IT and Telecommunications Service Delivery Manager .
te	8	Edie May asked back with a knowing smile on her face .
te	6	" You touch him again , you impudent twerp , I 'll take both your eyes out !
te	6	You never came out of the bathroom at the Notre Dame .
te	10	Eagerly , he waited for David to attempt the more difficult area of the operation .
te	9	He loved football but due to his heavy schedule at school he had had to give up football club .
te	5	" But casters tell the future all the time ! "
te	5	" Yes , of course I do . "
te	8	" Well , if there isn 't anything else , I should be going , your Majesty , " Byron continued .
te	6	Really , though , he couldn 't blame them .
te	5	" You filthy liar ! "
te	8	We 're out of the airport now , and all three of us will be there shortly .
te	5	" A clerk or a Cit , possibly a solicitor 's or banker 's assistant .
te	9	" It matters not to me if you call me by it sometimes .
te	10	I miss my mum but ... I 'm not sure what I 'm doing .
te	7	" Even enemies can find unity in a common cause . "
te	6	" Very good , Smitty , you have always been an excellent host . "
te	6	" So you are uncommonly strong , I told you .
te	11	She selected a twin room , trying to ignore the # 89 price ticket .
te	7	Again , what little blood had escaped his skin seeped back inside the stranger .
te	8	There were fastened security clamps on both flywheels and on the main lever .
te	11	They made it clear they want my help .
te	10	The realisation was upon them that they were no longer useful to the State .
te	9	Mike shrugged ; his mind was Swiss cheese after so much time in the same room .
te	8	And she dashed for his backside where she alighted and he immediately turned and galloped off .
te	6	Aside from Lakin , I felt a stronger connection to Bryant than the rest .
te	9	And that 's why Malcolm infiltrated Spy Games and my family .
te	11	He blinked and then peered at me , his eyes taking a moment to focus .
te	7	A grin spread over Simon 's face .
te	10	Miss Osbourne would have helped her get undressed , but now she had to do it by herself .
te	10	The real space race was about to start , and just how he had predicted .
te	10	There must have been at least twenty of us crammed in that little space . "
te	10	Who knew magic could get nervous ?
te	8	If I ever see you again , I will kill him -- I 'll keep that promise , too . "
te	10	Mr. Clancy 's answer was the correct one , though his tone did not come forth as sincere .
te	9	" We had about 20 applications from all over the place ... Australia , Canada , the States , France .
te	7	Do you work here ? "
te	8	He was careful not to lie .
te	11	Clancy looked up to the summit that was now in full view .
te	6	' It 's your grandson , the half-breed ! '
te	11	That 's why we are confused and need to investigate further .
te	6	She jumped up , said , ' See ? '
te	10	See you back at the clubhouse , nothing more to be gained here . "
te	10	" According to my spotter , he 'll be the only one not wearing one of those silly skeleton masks . "
te	6	" As I said , California , Texas , New York and Florida are the key swing states .
te	11	" I know that 's what you want , but you can 't do it . "
te	8	Nathan thought for a moment and decided to ask .
te	10	Terry looked at his map of their network of tunnels .
te	8	" Give it to the sheep , dear , " Sarah said .
te	10	As soon as I have caught my breath a man comes walking out to meet me .
te	5	One deep breath , and she swings her free arm up .
te	9	I will find the best torturers in the country and I will give you a slow , slow death .
te	5	' Yeah , that same band , ' Danny agreed .
te	7	Dane shot him a look , " Yeah , but the uniform wasn 't . "
te	9	Lisa frowns considering the question for a moment .
te	7	The woman , climbing down from the wagon , came over to him and grasped him within a matronly embrace .
te	9	He came from the line of low hills and the shadows behind them .
te	6	As the doors closed , he picked up the receiver , and pressed the tiny red button .
te	8	Turning to Waving Willow , he asked , " Do you have any tea made ? "
te	7	Her yellow teeth were a sharp contrast against her pale skin .
te	10	He would have to keep an eye on that Nathan Taylor fellow though , Ethan thought to himself .
te	10	That 's what I needed to know .
te	6	He pulls in a deep breath .
te	10	There was nothing I could do now .
te	7	I know who you are .
te	5	No door , or window , or attic , just a full-blown well sealed box .
te	6	Seven great and powerful families , and no less than ten manor houses between them .
te	9	" We weren 't sure who our next ruler would be , " Mana said .
te	10	It had been an eventful day for both of them .
te	11	Dane stared up and thoughtfully said , " They circled around so they noticed something .
te	7	' I could kill you now , ' I said dispassionately .
te	5	Her face was round and eyes hard , neither old or young .
te	7	We left the kitchen and walked up the stairs to my room .
te	5	" A great many things , father , " she replied smugly .
te	7	She resolved to motor Calvin back soon and deal with the consequences should anyone see them together .
te	6	They were a father and son , Joseph Henderson and his son Joey .
te	8	Day had not fully come to the mountains ; the new light only now beating back the night airs .
te	9	Mike Donovan , satisfied he had their attention , lowered his arms but continued to speak loudly .
te	8	Then , the train 's breaks engaged filling the air with a distant but screeching sound .
te	9	" It 's okay to breathe , " Malcolm whispered .
te	5	" Not yet , you little tramp , " I teased .
te	7	" Well , let 's have it , Toby .
te	6	The man nodded his head but a tension entered his body .
te	9	All it takes is another musician to play it again .
te	11	" I have no intention of placing any trust in him at all , Finan . "
te	8	I knew what was coming .
te	9	Get in close after dark and I 'll call you when they leave . "
te	9	The dark closed in around her as her eyes adjusted to the gloom .
te	6	" Well , I guess -- ' night , " Tori said .
te	7	The roof was shingled with dark wood .
te	8	He wanted to destroy it .
te	6	Field , farm , field , farm , lake , field , farm , mountain ... Austria was breathtaking .
te	9	Surely the others could not carry on with his charge against such odds as these .
te	7	There are over a hundred people on my decks after all , including your parents , " Warrior reminds her .
te	10	He was breathing heavily and getting a stitch in his side that ached .
te	8	It does still exist , doesn 't it ? "
te	9	I think we found a good home , too , " Kaylie said .
te	7	Bounding down the stairs step by step , I could feel the warmth returning .
te	6	I hear Gabe 's voice calling .
te	6	The typical style of zombie attack is a " grab and bite . "
te	8	He had no time to think .
te	7	Without it the enemy would already have spied him .
te	11	Reggie pulled out the piece of wrinkled paper Brazen had given him and unfolded it carefully .
te	5	" Not these past years , " she shook her head .
te	9	Jimmy rushed to keep up with his long-legged friend .
te	9	I used to slink about the house , avoiding contact with the man and his harsh words .
te	9	Working quickly to overcome the numbers , Dr. Morgan set up another operating wagon for Asst. Fowler .
te	10	" It 's what they want to do .
te	7	Chapter 6 -- Only One " You want what ? "
te	6	On this heat , the coffee can explode my heart . "
te	10	" He said he fought his way back to our vehicle and then found my escape route .
te	5	" I need this open right now ! "
te	10	' Remember ze conversation we had in ze flat ?
te	5	" Hear , hear , " resounded voices up and down the table .
te	11	As George walked up , skirting a couple of bunkers , he looked around .
te	11	He climbed down quickly into what had become a large rectangular trench .
te	11	He had wanted to go at first light but Clancy 's wound had altered those plans .
te	6	" Did Jenny have herself a cookout ? "
te	6	From beyond the dock door the sound of heavy footsteps are heard .
te	11	" What use are pretty beads to me ?
te	8	Last one home has to clean up the breakfast dishes . "
te	5	" But child , he kidnapped you . "
te	11	I wanted to move to Warsaw and start studying here .
te	8	" Come on , Auntie Claire , I want to make a sand castle . "
te	6	Then , of course , when the harpy came , even the best of those fled . "
te	6	Peter Lowry barked across the desk .
te	6	The coast was clear ahead , I only felt the guards from far behind to my south .
te	6	A drowsy cook gave a surly look , and ' What do you want ? '
te	8	What they didn 't understand , and certainly didn 't appreciate , was that the world had changed .
te	9	But you 're staying at the McKinney place , aren 't you ? "
te	8	Harold hoped he was right .
te	7	Eventually , he let it slip .
te	11	We don 't get foreign company often , and I would love to show you my country ! "
te	8	The giant hawk swung around and then climbed high in the bright sky .
te	8	Cold wind blew from which the path ends , bringing sudden creeps to their senses .
te	10	Rosemary was grounded so she couldn 't destroy the movie .
te	7	I took the long way back from the restaurant and eventually pulled up in front her ridiculously large house .
te	7	The dark lord has sacrificed his power for a drastic speed advantage .
te	8	He needed to end this fight now .
te	11	" You will find everything you need for your journey here . "
te	9	We were on a private plane bound for the States .
te	10	Anthony looked vaguely perplexed , as if Claire had spoken in a foreign tongue .
te	7	" I am an upstanding , law-abiding citizen as far as anyone knows . "
te	8	When Loot and Fire Cub came into the village , they brought the three children to Waving Willow .
te	10	The castle would be too obvious a hiding place , but the church is too ideal to be overlooked .
te	8	Her humble gray dress was torn up and shredded , as if in a struggle .
te	11	One of the headlights was smashed in but , other than that there was minimal damage .
te	6	" Yes sir , " Red salutes her and strides from the room .
te	11	I didn 't want to be drawn into an argument .
te	5	In the event you require my guidance again , merely ask . "
te	8	This arrangement provided the families greater protection from the increased acts of robbery and violence outside the prison .
te	6	The cardinal fluttered away quickly , the house tipped , the paperweight made a slushy thud in the bush below .
te	5	Deep down there was something beneath , a hidden secret .
te	7	Who would eat that crap ?
te	6	Part way up , her gaze slid up a rigid male member , and she hastily jerked her eyes away .
te	7	Some of them have become diseased . "
te	9	Hunger slammed the tank into gear and they began to creep forward again .
te	10	Although he had never seen the angry side of Sidney Southington Lyndon , he knew it was there .
te	9	He avoided the pins and draw a rose from his cloak .
te	8	" I know , " she whispered resting her chin over her bended knees .
te	10	" No , " he said hotly , " no , I will never be one of you . "
te	8	sounded too lame to be uttered .
te	7	A faint orange glow smudged the skyline ahead and to the left .
te	7	" What you are looking at ? "
te	7	The governess reached into her shirt pocket and withdrew a small white handkerchief .
te	7	Voices , fearful and calm , controlled and panicked , were calling out from all quarters .
te	8	He wished he had one .
te	7	In the front seat , Tom had recovered his rifle , and he aimed it at the creature on the windshield .
te	11	But it all came back to the single most important question : who would risk such a move ?
te	8	The Angels were not just hospitable to the cousins but positively spoilt them .
te	9	With the exception of Boris , we are all fairly new " Gerry smiled back .
te	9	Do you love him ? "
te	7	" It was not your habit as a boy , my young friend . "
te	8	Riki cried , hopping in her seat with each word .
te	10	" We should be trying to find other people , too . "
te	5	" We are not terrorists , ok ? "
te	7	The tears are still building up behind my eyes .
te	8	The receptacle begins to rise , lifting Lance off his feet .
te	6	He looked up and smiled , almost embarrassed .
te	11	They would need to be invited into his presence .
te	11	It is so easy to predict people and make plans for them .
te	11	He continually nags about the need to actually accomplish something with my life .
te	10	They were speaking to each other in hushed tones , holding hands , oblivious to the world .
te	11	Looks like he 's still in pretty rough shape ... Wait !
te	10	To touch one of the Brothers that way was an assault ; it stripped the Firstborn of the Elements .
te	7	" How will I move about with ... " " They can track you with it .
te	7	I wandered slowly back to our cabin and set on the bunk .
te	10	Jimmy immediately noticed Josie got out on Mark 's side .
te	9	" I take it you don 't agree , " said Harold .
te	6	" And when you said ' Clary isn 't Jonathan , ' you meant my brother .
te	7	It wound around through the woods , always upwards .
te	8	They again had a purpose and they knew what it was !
te	9	" Oh , and you said Peter was a powerful Wolf ? "
te	10	When he got back to the deer , he smelled us and knew we had been there .
te	10	A charming and hilarious tale sure to delight baseball fans of all ages .
te	5	" Just my perfume , honey , " a soft , husky voice said .
te	9	These fighters will be like putty in your hands .
te	7	" That will not be necessary , Mr. Clancy .
te	8	Because he 'd driven , the others all prepared to depart , as well .
te	11	We are also obligated to warn the king about the threat to the kingdom .
te	9	He could tell her , but what would her reaction be ?
te	11	He said , " Would you mind if I worked with you ? "
te	9	The life he led had been forced upon him at a very young age .
te	7	While riding along this path , there 's a sharp curve .
te	8	She met him halfway , and in a slightly muffled ring of metal , daggers met sword .
te	9	The cord 's too big so he couldn 't make a good knot . "
te	11	When silence followed Katherine wondered what might be going through his mind .
te	9	How are we going to go back ? "
te	11	She quieted enough to go back to sleep .
te	11	You know betting is against policy !
te	8	He was certain that in time , he would .
te	5	The windows , the roofs , the doors , the porch chairs .
te	9	Every building , door , and window was beautifully designed to complement its neighbour .
te	8	" Who took care of you after that ? "
te	7	By the sound of their raised voices , things were not going well .
te	7	Riki laughed , snorting loudly .
te	10	After striking the man , she had leapt from her car in a panic to check on him .
te	7	" Going for a walk , " Brand lied .
te	10	" Do you know where you are ? "
te	9	Everyone turned to look at Billy .
te	7	Her eyes were unreadable in the gloom .
te	8	Archie handed over his watch and Charlie went up to the jeweller 's door .
te	10	Volume 1 is available free at Smashwords If you enjoyed this e-book , please leave a review .
te	9	I really am sorry , I was convinced you said Thursday . "
te	6	This be our boat , the one Gage took to the Wench . "
te	9	" And how exactly are we going to do that ? "
te	10	If you want to change your world , start by changing yourself .
te	5	Hey , let 's go and fish ! "
te	7	How beautiful it can be , the view .
te	9	They placed their order and walked over to the van to give the girls their food .
te	7	" Are you alright ? "
te	9	He wrapped his arms around her and she let all the tension leave her body .
te	7	" On that first night , after you , uh , fell asleep , I went back to the campus . "
te	7	At least , half of it had -- one side of her hair still swung loose .
te	10	I knew you didn 't have it in you . "
te	7	He paused , stroking his chin .
te	7	There was silence for a moment .
te	9	" OK sweetheart , I think it 's time to come home .
te	7	As they neared , he swept a hand out from under the bus and caught a running leg .
te	8	I ordered them to leave my unit immediately . "
te	8	Still , they had to do their jobs .
te	8	We don 't make musical instruments from men 's bones , either .
te	6	The hand railing was cold , but it had an inner warmth .
te	10	Should the purifying torrent of light continue much longer , she herself will become a God .
te	6	" I 'm on it .
te	6	In this position , late Christmas Eve , King Callum watched the movie White Christmas for the first time .
te	6	I asked , my mouth still gaping open at the story mom had told me .
te	6	" No , you listen , get on your side of the ring ! "
te	10	Seems to have been dead about a day .
te	10	" Wait until I 'm free of these chains . "
te	6	He was mad , but was he completely psycho ?
te	8	That 's more points for the team , isn 't it ?
te	7	She drew out the word in a nasty manner .
te	7	What in the -- let me see it ! "
te	11	The stolen chandelier grows dim as a desert wind pushes through the open doors of the room .
te	7	It left my fingers in a blur and struck Joey 's knee with a ' thwack . '
te	8	He places his hands on her waist and easily he lifts her up and onto an examination table close by .
te	9	" Just wondering , " he said , rubbing her arm and looking out into the black Irish night .
te	10	" But we need to wait here for the Angel , " Michael reminded him .
te	9	All of this commotion gave Ted a chance to regain a healthy lead .
te	8	Christy asked , " Why do we need these clothes again ?
te	11	The man seemed to be getting more edgy instead of less .
te	6	Her logic was too simple for him .
te	9	He seemed ugly as his eyes ran hungrily over her body .
te	8	I love Harald so , even though he is dead . "
te	10	He noticed that both men looked startled by this revelation .
te	7	The uniforms crawled all over me .
te	5	' Aw , Raphael 's jealous , ' Danny said .
te	7	His very exile an eventual result of the warlock 's cruel actions .
te	8	confirm as Frank Jennings , let him unload ... ... .
te	6	The people remained huddled in their houses no matter the urgency of their need .
te	11	" I 've got to tell them what happened .
te	6	Just as all the best castles had poltergeists , so all the best neighborhoods had vampires .
te	10	" Would you mind if I poked around his office ? "
te	7	" ' tis a strange thing a battle , most especially your first .
te	7	He closed his notebook and tucked it back into his pocket .
te	6	The door of the third room opened with drama and pantomime from an excessively elaborate opening mechanism .
te	10	Simon found his mum sitting on the porch reading a book .
te	9	He was waiting outside when she arrived .
te	9	Her voice sounded harsh , overly so , as though trying to mask something beneath .
te	7	' This boy 's a liar , ' said Spartan , he stepped towards me .
te	9	" When she turned around Yin was finishing up with the last of the baby Wolves . "
te	9	I just can 't believe you 're alive ! "
te	5	" Okay , " Francesca says .
te	11	God , Bill , what have you been teaching her ? "
te	6	But she was wrong , it wasn 't just a dream , it was a memory and she wasn 't safe .
te	7	If someone discovered them , so be it .
te	6	" I never knew him personally , " continued Elspeth , " but he was around often enough . "
te	6	Ignoring her father she walked over to him .
te	8	He paused a moment before going on .
te	9	" You might not be too popular after a while , " Tommy warned , " only girls like school . "
te	9	" But the doors , they 'd be pinned shut by all the water , " she went on .
te	7	He had no time for such purposeless self-indulgence .
te	8	Finally spying a form in the distance , the boy picks up the pace until the figure takes shape .
te	7	Footsteps stopped just above their heads and then followed down the steps as well .
te	10	She did not notice the open shaft because her eyes hurt too much from the imbedded Tarantula hairs .
te	6	Taking the Land Rover they drove towards the village .
te	9	Quickly he rose from his seat and set himself to bark out abrupt orders .
te	10	Small arms fire could be heard all around ; mostly his own men firing from the sound of it .
te	11	Finally he spotted something , a small band moving slowly through a narrow seam between two rises .
te	9	That was my chance to tell all .
te	10	Nothing that would hold up in court yet , " said William .
te	7	He picked up some food from a saddlebag and moved away from the others .
te	7	Dr. Morgan reached for a longer bladed scalpel .
te	11	Why was she not making some sort of noise then ?
te	7	Col stared , taken aback .
te	10	Something had been taped to the back of the painting .
te	6	" My home is just ahead , " Marwan finally said , with irritation in his voice .
te	9	Lance intones , his voice rattling Dagger 's cage and shaking the ground .
te	8	Except sometimes they were for racing and under unusual circumstances they were used for both .
te	10	Alfred cannot be in better hands than Dr. Ben 's right now .
te	9	She seemed to shine with good health .
te	6	" I could use a good drink . "
te	11	She said she wanted to kill herself .
te	11	" Do you think you 're Brenda ? "
te	5	Those intense hazel eyes were just plain scary .
te	6	The officer smiles and says , " That 's a good choice . "
te	11	It was cold yet she felt warm , though her body faintly trembled .
te	9	Coyote began to move toward Sky .
te	11	This is who I was meant to be .
te	6	Well , he was a prince actually , Sofia thought in silence .
te	9	" By all means let us think of these cheering things . "
te	8	Lilly Ann 's voice lured him back to their moment in time .
te	7	Conway bowled into them , and between them they held the Pastor down .
te	8	What the hell ... get to the shuttle ... hurry ... " the personal communicator crackles and dies .
te	8	" Well , thank you Mrs. President , you really do have all the answers , don 't you .
te	11	CHAPTER NINE " Why , exactly , do you have to spend the night out there ? "
te	7	Meanwhile , Ted got a large plastic tarp from the garage and wrapped Mr. Hoover 's corpse in it .
te	6	In those days there was just a dump and it was pretty raw .
te	9	I fished out the note it read John Anders Warsaw Ky. landing Pierson .
te	9	The cruiser rammed through the old garage door in a cacophony of squealing tires , breaking wood and screeching metal .
te	11	Make sure you get both of them . "
te	11	Jin said as he began to get frustrated .
te	8	The European , known as Agent 3A and in other circles as Whisper , contemplated what his next move would be .
te	6	" Might only speak Irish , " Sarah said .
te	6	" No , " I lied , " Eric and I had a fight . "
te	7	Her arms were too short and she nearly toppled over into the water .
te	8	My turn , what is the date ? "
te	11	Suffice it to say that it wasn 't pretty .
te	10	" I 'll bet he 'll get in later this afternoon . "
te	9	Misfit went back to his own laptop and resumed scrolling through camera views .
te	10	If your plan is going to work , you 've got to consolidate these mutts . "
te	8	Claire didn 't want her suspicions confirmed , but her eyes dragged back to the staring man without her volition .
te	8	I suppose Dexter was shocked .
te	11	I 'm pretty busy trying to get my dad .
te	6	There was a long , silent pause , and then , " I don 't know .
te	9	Security is in what we know , not in what we have . "
te	11	His pace slowed as he crossed the boundary between the store and the exit .
te	6	The whine of an engine rose from the right .
te	10	His voice echoed off the rock face , " Robbie loves to come in here and run .
te	10	" What you are asking me to do is beyond a little favour .
te	6	Her facial expression changed quickly , it looked like bad news to me .
te	10	I knew I HAD to stop .
te	7	" What do you mean by ' equivalent vibration ' ? "
te	10	I stammered , attempting to hide my embarrassment .
te	11	Let 's not forget about how much this will accelerate our fledgling extra planetary economy .
te	9	I can forget we 're friends . "
te	9	It felt good to be working .
te	7	The lane was replaced by a rutted dirt track .
te	7	Malcolm interjected , speaking clearly .
te	8	Stephens brought them a cup of tea , then Archie spoke .
te	6	" You murdered a good woman , " Red tells her .
te	6	" Then you best be studying fast ! "
te	9	Maggie wanted to reply sarcastically , but decided that silence was the best option .
te	11	She remembered legions of her people being overwhelmed by such throngs .
te	9	I need all the help I can get . "
te	7	The minister made a bow of gratitude from his seat .
te	11	We 'll need enough to see us through the night . "
te	9	He dreaded the answer , but knew what it would be .
te	11	She said something in rapid Italian to the boy who replied in the same language .
te	9	Your skill , your martial focus -- you are unique in this Lodge , and not only because you 're female .
te	8	This speech was greeted with excited comments and applause .
te	10	The young boy answered , referring to the hooded man on her front .
te	8	" Group or otherwise , we 'll stick to the plan . "
te	11	I want every available pair of boots brought back from the captured ships and organized for planetary deployment .
te	6	Twenty red nails for the black column ! "
te	9	" So are several others in Washington , Mr. Jones , and I hope General Saunders is a good man .
te	8	" I 'm good with that , " a soldier at the back laughed .
te	7	A tall man with blond dreadlocks came up behind her and blinked at us through thick bifocals .
te	11	He 'll progress quicker if he 's not dealing with emotions and relationship issues .
te	10	Now we just need the best pilots to get us up there one day .
te	7	' Yes , ' I replied in a neutral voice , cursing my foolishness .
te	8	" T , play the last ten seconds of that again , " Kaylie instructed .
te	11	" So we 'll need to go back to the museum and get that diary . "
te	6	" Wait a minute , " Jessica instructed .
te	7	He doesn 't seem as big this time , and the teeth hanging through his lips not nearly so long .
te	9	She wants to help with everything .
te	7	" Not that we are aware of , " answered the secretary , " but anything is possible .
te	6	" You OK with this Jen ? "
te	9	She remembered how she watched the same scenery back on her world .
te	6	I look back at Gabe .
te	9	The doubt set in , perhaps part of her denial .
te	10	I punished him for his misbehaviour , and afterward showed him that I still cared for him . "
te	9	" I don 't know if I should , " he said , his ears turning pink .
te	10	Horror filled his eyes but they hardened when he saw the screwdriver in my fist .
te	7	Eda 's voice came from beside her .
te	10	If you want to pay your respects , do it tomorrow .
te	5	Her nails pierce my skin .
te	8	" True spirits , I thought you were dead . "
te	8	My analysis didn 't suit him , and after several long arguments of the subject , he demanded satisfaction .
te	5	A few seconds later , Clyde and Jeremy were up there , too .
te	7	He then jams the magazine back into the grip and quickly yanks the action all the way back .
te	11	I thought you liked being with me .
te	8	He collapsed suddenly on a chair near the table .
te	6	The fellow 's cartridge box went into the pocket on the other side .
te	10	There were hundreds of charge canisters stored behind the main batteries .
te	8	Work into growing up gradually .
te	9	At least I get to give her back after a fortnight .
te	10	He should have found the change refreshing , and in a way he did , but he found it alarming too .
te	11	Connor 's mind raced at how Maria could 've found his mom .
te	7	Upon his entrance to the house , he smelled an acrid , stinking fragrance -- almost like dead , rotting flesh .
te	9	Connor and Maria laughed and smiled at one another as they approached the hotel .
te	5	But at his core , he 's sweet and giving and steady .
te	11	" He couldn 't have known we would be robbed .
te	7	At three in the morning , the last patrons finally left the bar .
te	9	" We guessed right , " he said , " he got a bus in Larne and headed straight for Belfast .
te	10	" Get down , Robbie , they 're turning into the driveway ... coming right at you . "
te	9	" I think someone was threatening his life .
te	9	~ The article was waiting on the kitchen table when Chris got home .
te	7	Stop spying on me , " I said bluntly , the doors opening , once again , to The Village .
te	10	The mother has prepared a bread she calls damper .
te	8	" Hello , " Toby said , taking Victoria 's hand .
te	11	Victoria and I thought we could smell a rat from the beginning -- there were some strange circumstances .
te	10	' Does this mean I can get out of here ? '
te	8	You need to write your story .
te	7	I got her to the truck and lowered her next to the other dolphins , setting her down gently .
te	8	" So I gather that he never remembered his name . "
te	5	Mass and confession aren 't always lengthy affairs . "
te	9	I entered the room and Mr. Belvedere followed behind me .
te	11	Surviving a fall that should have killed me .
te	7	Low on the horizon they could see the full moon , just beginning its rise into the sky .
te	9	" Valerie had just shown up in my quarters when Aria called me . "
te	6	( Which , of course , works out okay these days . )
te	10	She was crying as she pulled off his mask and kissed him .
te	5	" Another dimension ... a parallel universe ... maybe a wormhole .
te	9	He could tell something had changed .
te	7	The third level , aka the basement level , was the home to the Field Operations Division .
te	7	Barbara tilted her head as if considering , and Theodosia watched her hopefully .
te	11	The CDC is going to leave a team behind to supervise . "
te	8	Young Tim is here to see you . "
te	6	Claire dropped the phone , her mouth dry and her mind blank .
te	6	There , he soon falls into his bad old ways with the local underworld .
te	8	She closed her eyes and muttered something under her breath , a prayer perhaps .
te	8	I had six older brothers , as did my father .
te	8	After a pause from the corridor they all heard Calvin shout , ' Who cares ? '
te	11	Lucas nodded in agreement , continuing to focus on the moon .
te	7	I looked up and saw his eyelids flicker open .
te	7	Just then , more Hunters appeared from around the mall .
te	8	We 're staying in Sheringham tonight and it 's a bit of a drive .
te	9	" He 's misguided is all .
te	10	But suddenly he was relieved to feel something solid underneath his feet .
te	7	She breathed a sigh of satisfaction .
te	7	" Under the broken stair , " Tori said and put it back in her pocket .
te	8	Her body ached with spent adrenalin and pain stabbed from her neck to her fingertips if she moved too quickly .
te	6	There was a severe electrical storm , the radar officer yelled across the bridge .
te	8	It 's possible that her energy needs are equally stunted . "
te	7	Glancing on her , the lady put down the soup gently over the table .
te	8	" He 's referring to me , " said a new voice from behind Colors .
te	10	Are we good to go ? "
te	7	" Urgent traffic from Colonel Masque , Sir . "
te	10	He didn 't think that she liked them very much .
te	10	And then it was as if a bubble had been popped , and he was falling .
te	11	' I fancied him rotten when we were kids . '
te	10	" What are you going to do about it ? "
te	8	Two holes appeared in the head of the target .
te	7	The other second stood by me , his arms crossed across his chest .
te	6	I don 't trust them .
te	10	But what was to be done ?
te	11	Toby crossed his legs and relaxed into the sofa , smiling , content to be back to work .
te	9	" Good , because we need to do something about the other two bodies . "
te	6	' Candlesticks and goblets and watches ... ' ' And a gun , ' Spike threw in .
te	7	" You 're my friend , " I told her , " So are the rest of your brethren .
te	8	Many broke down and begged loudly for their lives .
te	10	They waited for what seemed like hours .
te	11	And I remember so little of what I 've been told . "
te	7	" Valiant ; he has more courage than sense . "
te	7	I elbowed him in the throat , ignored his strangled gurgle , scrambled to my feet and headed for the exit .
te	9	Maria smiled and then turned her head as she heard a police siren .
te	9	" Islands don 't move around from one latitude to another ! "
te	8	Their lights were never as bright as his and never would be .
te	9	The world is quiet , the hunger gone ... for a moment , and then I 'm back .
te	9	My father will kill me if I lose her . "
te	6	With narrowed eyes and a wrinkly grin , the sage turned to the young lady .
te	8	" Rival power groups are establishing themselves in these camps and crime is increasing drastically .
te	8	Chip Harris felt his face go flat .
te	11	" You 're the one who wanted to marry .
te	8	You only ran like a hundred meters with me , anyway . "
te	9	Roberto could only hold her next to his drenched body while he caressed her .
te	8	" I see , Finn said ... " Adele broke off flushing painfully .
te	8	Hate to disappoint you . "
te	7	On board , President Shepherd takes off his coat and sits down in his favorite leather chair .
te	6	How could he explain this ?
te	5	Trucks and cars , stoplights , busy paved roads , mountains and trees .
te	8	In this book , you will learn more about the Unknowns and follow Bradley and Megan on their important mission .
te	7	But it was laying on the tray .
te	8	" Well then , " Atticus added , " you better get started . "
te	9	If everything went according to plan , however , he wouldn 't have to find out .
te	6	an accusing voice bit back at him .
te	8	" I 'll take care of it .
te	9	Spike continued to stare at it .
te	8	The Lady Elaina does not have the airs of a caster , happily .
te	6	The rope was cheap , its prickly , synthetic fibers chafing her wrists , but it was strong .
te	7	The caffeine won 't help with that .
te	11	His voice was gentle , but as he looked back at the semi cave he felt his heart begin to sink .
te	6	In The Dry , her body is weighted , and the ground is wet and slippery .
te	8	The high-pitched voice pierced above the bustle of activity .
te	9	It was good he was dead .
te	6	" My name is Jeff ... " " Be ye English ? "
te	7	He did not fidget or look around , simply remained still and stared calmly at the men .
te	9	The kind of spy who saved people .
te	5	' Their instructions , for the most part , ' she replied .
te	8	" I wanted it to be a surprise . "
te	7	The sights of her prey drove a primal scream out of her , pure animal challenge .
te	10	Did my father in law know ? "
te	10	Her flesh began to turn gray in color , and her movements slowed until she remained frozen in place .
te	6	And , like her parents ' doomed relationship , she and Andre also fell instantly , impossibly , in love .
te	8	The Prince was going to die .
te	9	" That 's right , " jumped in Brad Williams of McCracken County , " and thank goodness for it .
te	11	She tried not to look at him when he brought the meals .
te	9	Being there again was not going to be the same .
te	10	He 's a member here as you know and doesn 't live too far away . "
te	11	she declared , " It was running through the bush at me .
te	6	" I 'll teach you . "
te	6	came from each mouth in perfect harmony .
te	8	The kind that settles just under the belly button .
te	10	He was crying hysterically and hitting her in the face with all his might .
te	11	" Do you think they got on ? "
te	11	She needed to communicate with him before it was too late .
te	11	From there on , you will just have to take it as it goes .
te	6	When the enthusiastic applause quieted , Jake again pointed to the screen .
te	11	Everyone smiled , except Chase that looked away from her .
te	11	You might be dead for all she knows . '
te	9	A weak " thank you " was all he could manage .
te	9	All I could make out was a few Mayan numbers . "
te	6	Alison sat next to Tsubasa , then Jon , Kimberly , Mike and Mark .
te	5	But for me , on that day , I lost everything . "
te	9	Sebastian was sure he was dreaming .
te	10	He stopped helping Lynn for half a second and turned to Tek .
te	6	" Is that bad ? "
te	9	The look in his eyes suggesting he has yet to return to his senses completely .
te	7	The aircraft , still flown by computer , became more maneuverable at 5,000 knots and at a little over 100,000 feet .
te	8	As Simon arrived at the school entrance he noticed a familiar face waiting for him at the bike stand .
te	7	" No , not all of them , " Rick corrected .
te	11	We did tell your dad we 'd have some fun . "
te	9	I had nothing to fight with but my own guile , and taken by surprise , this wasn 't working .
te	8	A brief silence is all the confirmation she needs .
te	6	" So you did tell , " he said , his voice rising .
te	8	" Conference call , " said David walking into the office , " Commander wants to talk to us ... ... .
te	5	The doctor 's blunt reply still resonated starkly , verbatim .
te	6	She wore a loose , white silk blouse and a long , black leather jacket .
te	6	He dismissed the younger man with a reassuring pat on the back .
te	9	The gun had a silencer on it , which meant professionals .
te	10	" So what are you going to do now , Maggie ? "
te	6	It 's his laws , remember ? "
te	10	I think there was something here to see .
te	7	" The boy I was with last night , " I say and can 't finish .
te	9	I smiled and walked with the boys down the hill towards Garden Grave .
te	6	Got screen names and everything .
te	7	It 's not our style but it 's better than ze other studios . '
te	9	His love warmed her up and she gave to him what he wanted , her love .
te	8	" I don 't know anything about this , " the guard responded with a stone face .
te	10	' When you say control the cell cycle ... ' I trailed off as understanding finally began to dawn .
te	10	He held up his hand , motioning for them to wait .
te	8	" Time to kill ! "
te	8	Fire when ready and keep hammering him . "
te	6	Happiness , sadness , pain , and pleasure , they are all a passing phase .
te	5	Nevertheless , for sure this guy wasn 't a politician .
te	10	' Was she happy to see you ? '
te	10	You set this plan in motion and you 've got to see it through .
te	7	a pleasant female voice from the intercom speaker to the side of the door .
te	5	" Go right ahead Inspector , " said George .
te	11	He felt a strange need to compete suddenly for the hearts of his own soldiers .
te	7	He slowly pulls back on the yoke , the nose lifts off , and we are airborne .
te	11	* * * Later that afternoon Katherine and Amy packed ready to go .
te	9	We 'll lock these two in the basement and call the authorities .
te	9	A dull thud drew our gazes to the ceiling : Haus had cleared the gap between the two warehouses .
te	6	And now half the city burnt and the slave traders dragging away the women and children . "
te	10	I am afraid that kindness could kill you . "
te	8	Jeremy had helped Chris along , every step of the way .
te	10	Is it that seven plus three equals ten , or is it seven and three - seventy three ? "
te	10	" I accept your challenge , as befits my honor , but I shall set the terms , " he said .
te	10	They supposedly lived in Central America , but some evidence suggested they lived as far north as Canada ! "
te	7	" Why , what do you suppose ? "
te	7	The smell of dead meat fills the room , and I shudder .
te	9	The shackle had been removed from the young woman 's feet .
te	9	If so the lone cutter with her single 3-inch gun could find itself at a distinct disadvantage .
te	10	She followed the three others into the hallway , which was still eerily silent .
te	7	She could never be with someone like him .
te	5	" Moss 's will is not a simple , static thing .
te	7	An hour after we got there , so did the Stove police , fronted by Lloyd Thornton himself .
te	5	' So , what 's all this mystery then , babe ? '
te	6	She added , playfully , slowly , in her own time , ' But , no rush for that .
te	7	" I 'm looking for a grave .
te	8	He would keep an eye on him though .
te	7	" Well , in my time , the expression ' getting lucky ' means having sex . "
te	8	" The third one is , let 's see ... five , six , seven .
te	9	This kid must be dumber than I am .
te	10	There was no way they would be caught .
te	9	They were going to make it .
te	7	Okay , that 's too much A Level English Literature going on right there .
te	10	He looked back down at the blue landscape below and thought how fuzzy the things in the distance seemed .
te	5	" Aristotle , Plato , Descartes , Spinoza , Spenser , Durant ? "
te	7	She died , then -- some said by poison .
te	8	Elaina muttered , glaring into the goblet .
te	10	I stopped trying to pull free .
te	8	I think I understood now .
te	10	It would be a good place to watch over the others .
te	10	It was impossible to know for certain .
te	9	I was very , very proud of that pull up .
te	8	The irregular shape is because of the way they made it .
te	7	" Touch me and free me from this prison .
te	11	I 'm sure Ron 'll be in his Mess kit . "
te	6	" Yeah , yeah , I 'm all right sweetheart , " I stammered , my voice trembling .
te	11	In the mad dash with Hilda , they had paid no attention to the villages they traveled past .
te	7	The conversation out in the back yard was entirely about them -- the aliens .
te	9	Kaori made a poker face but spoiled it by puffing up her cheeks .
te	11	Kali couldn 't help noticing how Tsai watched her .
te	9	He was susceptible is all .
te	10	" I 'll hand you the cash as you hand me the box . "
te	7	" Why don 't you like school , Neil ? "
te	6	I pop open the glove box and , sure enough , there 's a spiral-bound pocket-sized notebook .
te	9	Thanks to George 's team we now have the names of all the participants in the Tern Hill job .
te	5	" No , they won 't , " said Alvin .
te	6	Quickly with both hands I lifted up the meat , and to my relief it was not charred .
te	10	Nathan knew John did not have the technical expertise , but despite this , was doing a good job .
te	8	She spoke to Navi as if they were equals .
te	9	She didn 't understand what was wrong .
te	11	She was angry , yet she was amused and filled with admiration for his spirit .
te	7	Because it 's totally hot .
te	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events or localities is entirely coincidental .
te	7	" For weeks , something did not sit right with me .
te	8	She was carrying some food and warm clothing for her husband .
te	7	Why don 't the two of you go into the parlor and I 'll bring it there . "
te	5	" Nineteen , Mother , " he reminded her grimly .
te	8	' On the other hand , I don 't quite know what you are . '
te	11	Lying in bed later that evening he rolled over to look at Jen , " Scared ? "
te	6	My mouth fell slightly open , her small tone so heartbreaking , her crystal eyes pleading .
te	8	" You are more beautiful than ever , " he whispered into her ear .
te	7	Maybe I won 't go to the police .
te	7	" Well isn 't this just one big ass metaphor . "
te	8	He would often quote the passage to me before I slept .
te	8	" I 've got business in the area . "
te	6	Lauren and Paige and Ryan , yes , Ryan , and Pierce and Ancient Evelyn . "
te	9	It was time for everyone -- including him -- to get back to their lives .
te	7	Good luck to all of us . "
te	7	All he owned had now been taken away .
te	7	He gathers up his supplies and walks to the bathroom .
te	6	Suddenly , the white mask stranger stretched out her right arm with an opened palm .
te	7	Slowly I made my way out from under my precious tree , the only dry spot around .
te	8	He lifted his helmet 's louvered visor as Destro made his way forward .
te	5	CHAPTER TWENTY For Sally , Ruth 's visit meant two equally important things .
te	7	Spreading away from them , the ground rolled like a wind-blown banner .
te	8	The Doctor hunched over , gripping his midsection in agony .
te	6	With a warm smile , the Joker deftly slipped to the floor once more .
te	6	Dr Leven and his assistant were even more perplexed but shrugged their shoulders and went their separate ways .
te	7	" It wasn 't natural , " Tori said " Something caused that rain . "
te	11	" Same with the ability to feel emotions and eat . "
te	8	" Rise , now , " Mal snapped the order like he was commanding young recruits once again .
te	7	" I don 't understand it , much less believe it ! "
te	10	He leaves the room , and I wonder if he will come back .
te	8	Shortly after arriving at the hotel , Whisper received three e-mails on his Personal Digital Assistant ( PDA ) .
te	9	When Dan reared , Sarah didn 't have time to lean forward .
te	6	" Nah , I 'm good , " she answered .
te	9	That was all she could say .
te	8	Nevada we have a problem , Nevada we have a problem .
te	6	" And then , only a few months later , The Eye attacked our secondary headquarters at Thorne Abbey . "
te	8	How had he not seen the pit falls ?
te	11	Just then , as if on cue Deepa came in with a large tray full of food .
te	9	The floor was covered with furs and on the walls hung tapestries and great paintings .
te	10	They all sang a hymn , which poured forth in a delicate melody .
te	8	' Their men are loyal to them , as are mine . '
te	10	Rift 's arms fall limply to his sides as the white-haired child slowly walks into his Goddess ' arms .
te	9	" Yeah , and you just learned a few minutes ago .
te	6	" Please identify yourself , voice not recognized . "
te	8	She sniffled , wiping a tear from her eye .
te	8	Those who exposed the Faith didn 't last long .
te	8	When he asked , ' What is gravity ? '
te	6	" You hate me , don 't you ? "
te	9	" Ryan , I 'm not working with this deadbeat of a pilot .
te	6	" You don 't like caramel mochas ? "
te	8	You know what I 'm saying . "
te	7	This was exactly the brand of big government that he hated .
te	11	' It 's a style of photography dating from the early nineteenth century , ' I explained .
te	10	and their basket weaving , " he said nodding at several hanging on the wall .
te	11	" I continued speaking to him because , in my young heart , I was desperate for a father 's touch .
te	7	She smiled and moments later , took his hand in hers and squeezed .
te	6	Sarah stood up and set her mug down .
te	9	Although your papa initially worked for me , he only accepted missions which aided his homeland . "
te	6	The light faded , and he cleared his throat .
te	6	" But Jake , she 's just a little girl , " Dale argued .
te	9	" Oh , they 're very real , " the man assures , rising from his chair and shouldering his shovel .
te	7	" Doesn 't the government have you listed as unemployed ? "
te	10	Not even a mother 's love can change them back . "
te	9	It was best to keep going .
te	8	An ' powder boy be about the lowest station there is .
te	7	When she did talk , it was to Simon , in a low , husky , confiding tone .
te	8	You will be there and then you will fight , get hurt , and lose ! "
te	9	One leg dangled sickly off the platform 's ledge as the train rolled past .
te	9	' It 's the only clue we 've got . '
te	11	His face was gleeful and had the boasting air of one who had just won a lengthy debate or sporting match .
te	7	Her long black hair hung in lank strands about her shoulders , giving her a wild appearance .
te	9	He found another foothold and heaved himself higher up onto a ledge .
te	11	The captain ignored him , entranced by the adultery and other happenings on the afternoon soap .
te	7	Back on the mountain the presence of the spirits had come to Wolf Eyes .
te	8	" Can Simon make it to the plane in time ? "
te	5	' Mom and Dad , Caleb snuck out again last night . ' "
te	9	She paused to let him reply .
te	10	" You gentlemen be sure not to keep young Flaherty too long .
te	11	" It 's good to see you , my friend , " said William .
te	5	" Nice night for a walk , eh ? "
te	6	Outside of the Prime Minister , everyone referred to him as ' Beta ' .
te	10	Ganondorf charges forward , looking for the upper hand as his foe recovers from the blast .
te	8	All that lay ahead was the deep blue Mediterranean Sea .
te	5	" He 's human . "
te	9	Those grey eyes that so despised him in the day were closed in peaceful sleep .
te	10	" The Trojans were built to drain power ; it 's the essence of their design .
te	7	This is all thanks to Cisco .
te	5	" Bags are the best . "
te	9	We would make all of them available . "
te	6	Luka 's rage boiled over , his words nothing but howls intermingled with sobs .
te	5	Praise God , he had a name now .
te	8	You 've used up every last bit of my patience with your games .
te	6	She and her dad along with her sister and brother fled to the house on the river .
te	11	Now , who 's to be first ? "
te	11	Four of them had bayonets resting inches above our throats , begging us to resist them in some way .
te	7	I spotted Jacob in a corner .
te	9	" A leader that brings its people to war is a failed leader !
te	10	The Coast Guard boarded the vessel to find all thirty passengers and crew dead .
te	8	Don 't bend your knees so much , that 's why you 're splashing .
te	11	Despite having come to support her , Amy wanted a friend .
te	9	He closed Helen 's office door and took a seat on the edge of her desk .
te	11	She held out her arms , indicating the room they were in .
te	10	The cougar was a mess with wounds from my uncle 's tomahawk .
te	11	It made work humorous at times that was for sure .
te	10	" Alright , what do you think ? "
te	10	He waved his arm around , indicating intricate pottery , gilded tables , and the sheer wealth of the room .
te	7	First he opened his mouth , big mistake , and then he started speaking .
te	10	The two put the book and Andy 's drawing on the bench in front of them .
te	7	When she fully awakened she bit the man 's palm but could not puncture his calloused skin .
te	6	" I 'm sorry , " he whispered , to the lily beneath the water .
te	6	" Stay here , " Gabe says .
te	6	The hotel has a very nice little restaurant , just off the main lobby .
te	7	He couldn 't even wrap his mind around the concept .
te	9	" We need to get going .
te	8	Words appeared to fail her .
te	7	The Empress once more took the child in Her arms , watching him carefully .
te	6	We half ran , half walked toward the Eiffel .
te	9	Normally Hailey would leave the brick deck by way of the three steps .
te	5	Gabe gives himself a congratulatory smile .
te	10	Both of them turned to look at him , and with a shock the Prince realized they were almost identical .
te	9	She stared at the envelope delighted for Calvin but with a twinge of jealousy .
te	8	That unfinished web shifted back into a weapon of Fire and Air .
te	6	My arms shook harder , and I almost dropped the tray .
te	6	Suddenly it dawned on him .
te	6	And in that moment , I felt all my sadness , all my separation from those around me .
te	8	He could see the bluffs now , and as he neared its base , he ran on .
te	5	" Oh , God , a few drops and they 're crawling !
te	9	First there was an old photo of a girl about thirteen or fourteen .
te	9	But , then she was woken up by the ring of her phone .
te	10	As he was slamming the lid he got the uneasy feeling he was being watched .
te	11	I 'm not great on it I 'm afraid . '
te	11	A continual grinding scream , swirling upward and dispersing through the open air of the massive cave .
te	5	It 's pretty cool . "
te	8	Taken in as a toddler , Rift remembers little of his parents .
te	10	With the help of Mariposa , I can move all of the eggs in one trip .
te	9	She saw two other cots ; one had a middle-aged man sitting on it .
te	6	" Hi , I 'm Lonnie , " he said , " and this is Ricky .
te	7	First he fished out the gum and put two packs in his pocket .
te	9	Gabe frowns at my joke , because , of course , it isn 't really a joke .
te	10	As Ricky finished taking his offering for the one he left he heard the same " Whoosh !
te	6	I 'll be right back . "
te	10	Any day now , subroutines would start running system diagnostics and requesting acknowledgement from password protected accounts .
te	10	Why do you think it is called the Dream Valley ?
te	11	But she had betrayed him , treated him no better than all the rest .
te	9	" Toby , I ' m afraid it ' s bed time .
te	9	Reaching out with his mind , he quested for the life of the distant Defenders and the Exile girl .
te	8	I couldn 't breathe in the stuffy palace , so we went outside .
te	8	He wrapped her in his arms and whispered , " I love you .
te	8	There was a tap on the window and Claire looked up automatically .
te	7	I have heard so much about your father . "
te	10	She must have Sky home with her : why didn 't she call me ?
te	8	If you 're hiding the money , we 'll slaughter you like a pig . "
te	7	The old man looked more sad than angry .
te	6	Ahead , maybe two miles , was a rise and then sight ahead was lost .
te	9	Connor took a step towards Billy while the guards clutched for a potential conflict .
te	7	Please just help me over to breakfast .
te	8	After a minute or two Michael asked : " Are the artist and security kind of human angels ? "
te	9	Do you have ADHD ? "
te	9	I stepped onto the porch and saw the door was open .
te	10	The monks were sad to see us leave .
te	7	" I guess I did .
te	7	John 's eyes were wide with fear .
te	6	In just a few moments it had consumed the entire heart .
te	6	He sniffed the air several times over , a stupid grin stretched across his happy face .
te	11	I didn 't fear the savages so much as the cruelty of the captain to my father .
te	8	Sarah woke to the feel of her husband and son nestled beside her .
te	8	" Are you kayaking on Coniston ? "
te	9	He knew that it was pointless , but it haunted him every waking minute .
te	8	" Yeah , yeah , " John said , turning toward the barn .
te	10	The alien was quickest , pulling a grey knife from a sheath under his left arm .
te	10	She told him she needed time to think .
te	6	At the next waterfall , the boat drove right underneath the cascade .
te	8	Having found little at the first piazza , they moved to the second piazza where they met an Australian waitress .
te	5	" No Maya , it wasn 't that . "
te	10	Scott Lyndon shook his head and saw the relieved expression come to the uniformed man 's face .
te	7	Some of the nobles glanced around the room , their expressions troubled .
te	9	For a moment Rand wondered what he could mean and then he realised .
te	8	Dane considered , " Undoubtedly they have food there , and then there 's the vehicle .
te	9	Neil felt his pants get wet and rolled them up farther .
te	10	" He told me you would be expecting me . "
te	8	Joe collapsed against the dock , breathing heavily and sweating profusely .
te	6	" All hands , emergency maneuvering , brace for impact . "
te	8	If I sell the land , the endowment goes to charity and I lose my job .
te	8	The glass balls began to brighten again .
te	11	As one they wielded a huge and powerful life force and it would be difficult to overcome them .
te	7	My orders have come directly from the king !
te	11	" Sorry Sir , " he said grabbing his bag as he scrambled out of his seat .
te	11	Rick limped out of the bathroom and saw all six pairs of eyes impatiently waiting for him .
te	10	I wish to turn dark like the night , but still keep my light .
te	6	And he 'll hunt you down ! "
te	6	The lightning , the shield , the winds , and talking with a bird , all with her magic .
te	7	" Baby , our misunderstandings are dangerous , " Jason states shaking his head .
te	9	" An ' a course , I been keepin ' an eye on me ship .
te	8	" Get the ties on his wrists , Pat , get the chair out of here and disable it .
te	9	Scott 's eyes widened sharply as the white image came into visual focus .
te	8	I lit a fire in the grill , and later we sat in the cockpit and picked at the fish .
te	11	" I mean that he is cold with me , did he told you something ? "
te	11	He 'd been hearing gunfire , in all its forms and volumes , for the past sixty years .
te	7	The gentle hum of the overhead lights was soothing and their dim glow relaxing .
te	9	They arrived at the training yard and Layla hoped to Almighty God that her teacher was right .
te	11	" Rupert , how far was it from the lake to the great hall ? "
te	9	" If you want to wait , we can make some pots of water over the fire .
te	5	The rift spans all realms as far I can tell . "
te	7	Dresden winces as he speaks .
te	5	" Missiles inbound , " The female computerized voice chirped .
te	9	Then I saw a figure walking towards us from behind the tree , dressed in a black suit .
te	9	It didn 't save many , but at least people knew what to fear .
te	6	" I left some hot water for you in the basin . "
te	8	Of course not , she thought , it was the right thing for him to do .
te	10	While holding me , Malcolm talked into his earpiece , telling someone to meet him .
te	11	As they walked it seemed like a long while passed .
te	8	' Does this kind of thing happen to you often ? '
te	9	Adele covered her mouth with her hand , her throat tightening with emotion .
te	9	Moonlight streamed in through the shutter slats so that they could make out anything inside .
te	7	Someone draw it with a crayon ? "
te	9	Rafe 's jaw clenched and he felt his fingers curl into fists .
te	8	" Did it look like this on the Internet ? "
te	10	" Grandmother , what about those who don 't believe ?
te	6	Nothing existed but Graham , thick and hard inside her , the night , the grass prickling her hands and knees .
te	5	Genuine muskrat , the tag said .
te	9	I 've been banished to the gamekeeper 's cottage around the back . "
te	11	" The mayor isn 't coming back , at least not when we need him . "
te	9	" Everything is going to work out .
te	8	I thought it all sounded awesome .
te	8	It 's all classified , and it 's wrapped in some heavy-duty encryption .
te	7	" I do not think that likely . "
te	9	The man met his gaze and without hesitation jogged up to him before stopping and rendered a crisp salute .
te	7	About two steps away and one bite into the tart , I heard a groan .
te	7	The time difference between Italy and Malaysia , and the events of the past few days had been draining .
te	6	" I only said , ' if possible ' , " Altaf stressed .
te	7	A few minutes later a young man in his late 20s strode into the lobby , saw her , and smiled .
te	5	" Listen , Edmund , " I hissed , " ' Hello ' is just not good enough .
te	6	After several minutes ' delay , Toby followed Jake out of the kitchen .
te	5	" Why , of course , Pol , " he said somewhat too quickly .
te	10	I feel a flow of energy come into the room .
te	6	The voice discussed temperatures , crop failures , unpredictable rains , snows , and droughts .
te	7	Miriam sat on the bed and clasped her knees .
te	5	" Hurry along , little brother , " he whispered .
te	10	When Scott checked the tray the following morning he was surprised to find a folded paper bag on it .
te	10	~ ~ ~ Chapter 43 Family David arrived the following morning looking none the worse for wear .
te	6	Alec 's voice as he interrupted his mother was firm , implacable , and not unkind .
te	9	Do you smell it ? "
te	5	In the market square , a few dozen men were already gathering .
te	6	The shimmering shields slammed home into armored abdomens with a neat and resounding thud .
te	6	Celaena reached down to stroke the warm head , the long ears , the slender muzzle .
te	9	" I know you can do this . "
te	8	Olmec bent and touched the floor , pressing a design upon it .
te	9	How much time have we spent together since we left home ?
te	5	At such a close distance their swords weren 't very good .
te	6	And then there 's my mother , Karen .
te	7	You 're always mad at ... " " Shhhh , be quiet ! "
te	10	' Let me first say , when your mum made contact -- wow . '
te	6	So , with a gentle nudge I pushed Perry through the portal and back into her room .
te	9	The wind has decided to rest its voice .
te	7	Where the room had been , a gaping , smoking hole had awaited our arrival .
te	10	" I didn 't know he was in this marsh .
te	7	Many men lay dead upon the ground , but of the women and children we have seen no sign . '
te	10	" How come you 've got the girl then ? "
te	5	" A Rwandan rebel group , " Sal told her .
te	9	He remembered afterward , he and his mother stopped for lunch at a restaurant overlooking the water .
te	9	Through the thinning mist along the wall of his loft , Rift spots a fairy bobbing along an uncertain path .
te	11	He couldn 't stop the millions of questions going through his mind .
te	7	His fingers brush the hair away from my neck and travel between my shoulder blades .
te	8	And now I have to go , " Daniel said and ran back to his room .
te	10	They went shopping and they couldn 't agree to buy anything .
te	10	He paused , and in that moment I could see the heartbreak written on his face .
te	10	It seems we 've moved up in the world .
te	6	She worked slowly , her head full of hot fog , letting her hands have their way .
te	6	He was wearing a wig !
te	8	I did not understood , where was I ?
te	6	" By Chaos , it 's a girl , " one of the men said .
te	8	Fear was keeping his eyes closed , but his other senses were in overdrive .
te	10	Several village people began to gather around the summer shed .
te	11	Again flogged like an animal when he shot a deer to feed the many mouths .
te	8	" The girl died for a purpose , boy -- more than most folk these days can claim .
te	9	Catching the woman 's wrist , Link twists it aside just before she punches at his throat .
te	10	" Or did she tell you to come here and kill me ? "
te	6	I followed , my quick and light step opposite to Mr. C 's thumping and dragging .
te	5	Curious , Bryony stooped and picked up the paper .
te	11	Do you feel like eating ? "
te	7	I let the handbrake off and the 4x4 rolled silently back down onto the little lane .
te	11	You remain our most respected guest but the crew will have to go below deck .
te	10	After stopping for a couple of beers at the only bar in the small town the pair headed back to camp .
te	5	' Murder ' is such a criminal word .
te	8	The eager whisper of the second sent them scrambling for their holes .
te	7	But he could think of no other way .
te	9	Jessica asked as she stuffed half a fritter in her mouth .
te	11	" I am programmed to anticipate your needs , Rick , but I wouldn 't classify that as a poem .
te	10	They were none too interested in getting overly friendly .
te	7	This ban on profiling makes me sick , it has become a fiasco .
te	6	The success or failure of the attack was never of any consequence to him .
te	9	What better way than to chuck you in it ? "
te	7	You are not permitted in White Wolf Keep . "
te	11	Ask him to come back here if he doesn 't mind .
te	6	" Absolutely , " he answered me with a grain .
te	9	Who knew why Raymond chose it .
te	9	Closing the lock doors was more difficult than Nathan initially thought it would be .
te	9	Kelly leaned on his right elbow , enjoying the look of anger on Gray 's face .
te	10	What if the bastards decided to rape her ?
te	7	Lingering for a moment , he turned and walked to the illuminated tents behind them and disappeared into the largest one .
te	8	Fuchs has to slip up .
te	10	Look at her , that 's the happiest I 've ever seen her . "
te	11	Edwin knew that because Bryony had told him about a million times .
te	8	Fruit , rotten vegetables and other objects were hurled towards the platform , and I grimaced .
te	6	' Well done Alan , sit down and get a cold drink . '
te	10	" Don 't go to any trouble for me , Captain .
te	11	his confusion slowly faded into what looked remarkably like joy .
te	7	Instead , the cowboy removed the old man 's coat and laid it over his lifeless form .
te	10	" They can hardly be expected to use force .
te	8	You may have me outgunned , but I 've definitely got you outclassed .
te	11	Mark stopped and turned to watch her pick the keys back up .
te	8	Devon hadn 't visited in nearly three weeks .
te	8	And the staff you have is so well-trained , Theo . "
te	8	The arrogance of him thinking he was less anxious than she was !
te	7	Her eyes glared , her great hands fell limply to her sides .
te	8	Claire settled into the corner of the faded sofa , ready for a long chat with her oldest friend .
te	7	-- I smiled at the parenthesis but I felt terrible .
te	9	" I 'm surprised you didn 't " Melody replied .
te	8	It was covered head to toe in a thick , almost impenetrable black fur .
te	6	It was like Peyton never lived here .
te	9	He raised it just as I reached him and froze .
te	8	" Jeez , maybe torching that chopper wasn 't such a good idea .
te	8	Lucas had no opinion on James K. Polk and so remained silent .
te	11	I leaned against the frame , unable to tear myself away from the boy .
te	10	The other alternative was to go up to his study and use his office computer .
te	11	We stopped to talk to some of them .
te	6	Lighting a cigarette , he inhaled deeply and felt the fear ebb away .
te	9	Some of them gave off a strange grey mist but there were no good people among them at all .
te	6	The blow took him behind the right ear .
te	8	Why couldn 't they just drop this guy somewhere and get on with their summer vacation ?
te	9	Do you have fangs ? "
te	7	Jacob leapt to the ground , beaming .
te	11	" I want you to come to the temple with me today to deliver my embroidery .
te	7	For Edith Without you I would not see nor hear nor talk ... and definitely , I would not write .
te	10	But we would have died if not for him .
te	11	We 'll be lucky to get 500 done .
te	11	But now they 're getting a chance to make their lives really count .
te	6	" You are worried , " shrugged Adele .
te	5	" 100mph , 50 , 12 , 5 , I 'm out . "
te	11	He had watched her the whole afternoon as she stood on the deck , her thoughts were very far off .
te	7	All land belongs to the United States government and you , as a citizen , do not own U.S. occupied land .
te	5	" Listen , friend , " I said .
te	9	" I said if something happened , " she protested , changing her argument , " and nothing has ! "
te	8	The scene was filled with love and light from the Creator , and this energy raised him .
te	8	" They took it all , didn 't they ! "
te	9	She slammed the door shut and ran into the living room .
te	8	" Did you only come back to warn us because we are your family ? "
te	7	She pounded weakly on the door a few more times , and backed away and sat on the floor .
te	11	He said , " They still look hungry to me , have you got any more ? "
te	6	Inside the second box was a sex toy the size of a rock tumbler .
te	8	" Our next staff master for this tournament hails from the land of South Africa .
te	7	the two cousins chimed in unison , under the tree stood a table with three chairs .
te	6	Followed her around like a puppy .
te	11	Folks like to hang them in the house as decoration .
te	6	" No , I don 't mind , " grinned Tasha , playfully .
te	10	And now it 's time for me to follow in His footsteps .
te	10	That 's why we need to hurry .
te	6	He was , after all , in the South China Sea .
te	11	Connor Moylan was standing in the middle of the arena calling instructions , Marianne at his side .
te	7	" Shall we return ? "
te	6	Also , a glass of Chianti , " said Ethan after some deliberation .
te	9	In the name of God , who needs no credit rating , let me live !
te	9	This girl always seemed able to provoke him , no matter what he did .
te	8	' Amy , ' Calvin said intervening , ' you 're a gorgeous twenty-one year old .
te	9	Even so , she was unconscious for most of their work .
te	7	Dad and I sat on the front porch with the dogs and they took to him immediately .
te	7	' I was just as surprised as everyone else . '
te	6	She studied the ceiling , the faint shadows cast by the city lights in the distance .
te	11	Barbara excused herself despite Katherine 's reluctance to let her go .
te	5	" Only Mr. Alvaro and Mrs. Lee are out yet this morning . "
te	8	Wasn 't there anything here that just told about Jesus ?
te	9	He knew they 'd come and frighten her .
te	9	" I was captured from the coast of Mozambique .
te	9	The water seemed to be growing warmer .
te	9	He could hear those immediately around him doing the same .
te	10	They did need to talk .
te	9	He threw a cooler to John and cracked open a beer using his teeth for himself .
te	6	Rick looked at Abby for further instructions .
te	9	I couldn 't imagine Callie or me or Austin in her place .
te	7	Dickie we 've just grown apart , it happens .
te	9	Reid nodded at old acquaintances while we waited for our orders .
te	10	I 'd have to risk running .
te	7	An iron fist grabbed the Prince 's shoulder and spun him around .
te	7	When Chris went quiet , Sarah asked , " What about the emus ? "
te	6	I blinked away my tears and hardened my face .
te	7	I nodded at Zeal , and she dropped into a low stance .
te	8	We still have much work to do . "
te	9	She took in a big breath and let it out slowly as she watched the sky .
te	6	" I prefer cotton , " Mark said unhappily .
te	7	When hunting or fighting his first move was made from the left side .
te	9	They had come right after attending services .
te	5	" Oh , he did , did he ?
te	8	Many had been found , torn and mutilated , often beyond recognition .
te	7	" So , when is it supposed to happen ?
te	5	" No , I will not , and furthermore , please leave .
te	7	He heard three gunshots , one right after another .
te	9	" Victoria , " William said , " is not Toby ' s mother .
te	9	" I 'll be down in a few minutes , " she called .
te	8	" We see six of them in the open but their suits are compromised - shrapnel from the clearing grenade . "
te	9	" XO Encino , I am unable to process your rant .
te	8	His face remains shrouded in the dark , but she can picture its stoic state in her mind easily enough .
te	8	With every step , I strained to hear voices .
te	9	She never told us where , well , never even told us about you until just before she died . "
te	11	I glanced over my shoulder in time to see another grenade leave the rocket launcher in the second Bell helicopter .
te	11	" He didn 't want to , Johnny , he was compelled to . "
te	11	Several chairs and toppled umbrellas ignited as the stream of flames passed over them .
te	11	The team dispersed through the corridor , looking for hidden entrances or some sign that they were in the right place .
te	10	" It 's something Jim would have done .
te	10	Manuel was uncomfortable with the heat until Cisco took him to the river and dipped him in .
te	9	" Yeah , totally drops your reputation , if you made one , " Stacy whispered back .
te	10	I think you 've said enough .
te	10	He knew that beat , but didn 't want to .
te	10	It was not her choice whom she would travel with .
te	6	A voice cleared on the stairs .
te	5	At least not the one I like .
te	11	Watch and learn what it is to live ! "
te	9	It took him an hour before the sobs came out , and she let him be .
te	6	A position with a big Cambridge firm , good , but face it , Cambridge isn 't London .
te	6	" You cost me two days , " Roberto continued .
te	9	The vehicle unexpectedly lurched to the right , followed by an increase in speed .
te	8	He saw she was smiling .
te	8	Unless some of them didn 't come back .
te	5	" And a gentleman , too . "
te	7	" Please hold for Mr. Pickett , " said an efficient female voice on the other end .
te	11	We all took turns standing watch from the roof . "
te	8	" The city itself is in shambles , but the people are fine and better than fine .
te	7	He waited a few seconds , then pushed off from the root and swam back toward the Blake .
te	9	Ward was too shocked to respond , but the challenge needed a rebuttal and soon .
te	9	" She 's a great looking chick , and silver seems to suit her .
te	11	It was Stacy looking from the top of the toilet wall .
te	9	The girl stood up , staring at him , and the Prince knew that she felt vindicated .
te	9	His face remained focussed in her direction for a few moments before he sank back into his previous pose .
te	5	After a few moments , the dispatcher came back .
te	9	She looked at him weird , " But I already have clothes on , you want us to change ? "
te	6	" Yes , you are , " Mana replied with complete composure .
te	8	" This creek 's packed with fish , " Conway said .
te	7	" He does have a point though , Rafe .
te	8	When she entered Ms. Cane 's office , she leaned against the door and listened to the conversation .
te	7	" ' Restrained from leaving ' ? "
te	7	Alejo 's father 's face looked very pained , and he searched his son 's eyes carefully .
te	10	However it was not the way of little male Lizards to worry about such things too long .
te	8	" That depends , " Lilly Ann did not miss a beat , " kids are all different .
te	6	" Did you catch the license number ? "
te	8	" Ms. Secretary bought a whole litter of dogs last week , three days before the homeless guy was iced .
te	9	" So anyway ... " he said , turning to Sarah and smiling .
te	11	I wished I had something to add .
te	8	Evidently bored by the proceedings , the silver tabby had gone to sleep .
te	7	The remaining gunboat performs a barrel roll and twists away from another volley .
te	10	Make sure they 're on guard .
te	10	' What are these -- " remains " you 're alluding to ? '
te	9	" Though you do have an odd way of showing it . "
te	7	" OK , Maggie , put her down again and close her down , " said Jonesy .
te	9	They sweated in the heat , and their clothes were shabby and worn -- simple working folk by their looks .
te	10	" Hmmm ... and how did you meet this Harry Fowler , Vivien ? "
te	5	" Gentlemen , I am Dr. Alfred Harland . "
te	11	But I know you have to live your own life .
te	7	" Just wondering if this old thing has any value . "
te	8	I was speechless so I simply forced an uncomfortable smile .
te	7	A faint smile replaced the frown on Olsson 's face .
te	6	He drew contentedly on his cigar .
te	8	What could stand before that ?
te	7	The other party would accept , or decline but propose another time and date .
te	9	Abu pressed his own face against the window , trying to see .
te	10	I said , Thanks , Jim you have the bridge and walked off .
te	10	The flames were blue or yellow and everyone seemed mesmerized and hypnotized by the dancing curls of flame .
te	6	" They weren 't suit salesmen , " Mark said .
te	8	A radiant smile spread across her thin face as she spotted her son .
te	8	She put her unfinished drink on the edge of his desk .
te	9	" Did you grab the mail when you came in ? "
te	7	Amanda turned the key , and the little diesel engine groaned to life .
te	7	The next choice looked exactly like the first , except with a different host .
te	9	I need to proceed with caution .
te	5	Across the road stood a dilapidated two-story building -- the Lost Chord Hotel .
te	10	The pallets had all been mummified in layer after layer of shrink-wrap .
te	10	He never won but he was almost always one of the finalists .
te	5	The television stations , the newspapers and magazines , and radio were interlinked .
te	6	The man next to Roman shifted uneasily in his seat .
te	7	In the middle of his photography , Lucas caught Haskins eye and waved him over .
te	8	Gabe needs to be here .
te	9	I murmured as I walked past his petite ghostly body towards the door .
te	9	I 'm about ready to move on . "
te	10	" I made the mistake of telling the brethren about the new vision .
te	8	Miriam stretched out her hand , covered with greasy suds from the heavy soap .
te	7	He smiled as nicely as he could .
te	9	Get excited about something for once instead of just worrying .
te	10	I thought he was trapped in the Middle Ages ! "
te	11	" Suffice it to say that your cousin sends her best . "
te	9	" Did you also find it very strange ? "
te	5	" You know , your father and I weren 't always perfect . "
te	8	It was a nice hit all things considered .
te	7	" You 've been doing this your way forever .
te	5	" Yes , a black tie event , evening gowns and tuxedos . "
te	10	Before I could make sense of it , the world exploded in a wave of bright light and deafening sound .
te	9	" We are going to make a fortune . "
te	8	Carefully , he tucked the grenade into the cargo pocket of his shorts .
te	8	Finally , the urge to see this hidden treasure overcame him .
te	7	She smiled , and two deep dimples popped into her cheeks .
te	11	Sabine forced her gaze to meet his .
te	8	" We need to speak , Seeker , " the Prince said .
te	8	He took several slow deep breaths to steady his nerves .
te	7	I waved the pass key across the access panel and crossed the threshold into the inner chamber .
te	8	The townspeople came to help out .
te	7	With a boldness Gan found downright embarrassing , they inspected these fascinating , exotic travelers .
te	7	But as we walked about , I saw a light !
te	9	About all Lucius is good for is milking cows .
te	7	I bring the renegade footwear back to Gabe .
te	8	He was devoted only to one woman , me .
te	10	" You think she was looking for me ? "
te	9	Surprised Katherine didn 't know what to think .
te	8	Around me , I could hear many languages including British .
te	8	I purposely tainted one of the samples to teach you this lesson .
te	10	Nathan recommended they meet for lunch at Hill 's Restaurant .
te	9	They were a disparate crowd , although they all looked under twenty .
te	8	I hunched down and helped her gather the scattered folders .
te	11	" Just let him try to hurt you again .
te	8	" That 's about as rude a statement as I ever heard , " Mana said calmly .
te	6	Not much blood but left leg and arm in unnatural positions .
te	6	After today 's meeting I or Terry will be your only contact . '
te	8	" You are guarding this based with one hundred forty-three men ? "
te	5	Janet , my mom and I polished off the entire lemon pie .
te	9	" As you know , you will lead the procession through the city to the cathedral .
te	7	" Is ... I don 't know ... hard .
te	5	" I like that one . "
te	8	As you stand in this land , hold this bowl and recite !
te	8	He was saying something about the rain and how , Saints be praised , it had come at a divine moment .
te	8	' You have to believe that . '
te	8	It also makes the torturer a monster once he goes down that road .
te	6	" Well , you come up with a better idea ! "
te	10	Everyone was suddenly very busy as Falconer reentered the perimeter and dropped into his foxhole .
te	9	Tuck came over to translate for me .
te	9	With the sun having set behind the mountains , the forest became a dark maze of trees and shrubs .
te	11	It was the voice of the girl he had kissed .
te	6	Simon , before his departure , also thanked the pilot for all the help .
te	9	He could hear Black Scorpion running from him , farther down the path .
te	8	I chucked another gasoline bomb over the seating area just for fun .
te	6	I stifled a grin and continued my interrogation .
te	11	Do you know what she did ? "
te	7	Rand looked down at her his eyes narrowed .
te	10	Feeling sleepy , Toby stretched back into the sofa thinking how strange and exciting visiting the lab this way had been .
te	10	Barely visible , columns of smoke and debris could be seen rising off the valley floor .
te	10	" This is what we came so far for ... . .
te	10	" So you did go to see the General , did you ? "
te	6	Some pulled out their phones and snapped pictures .
te	11	Do you need to stay ? "
te	9	" Do I have to ? "
te	7	Grand 's fingers trailing down my back .
te	6	Thor reached out , gently pushed open the door , and stuck his head in : " Hello ? "
te	10	Moments away from knocking him unconscious , Link 's arm suddenly stops just before impact .
te	8	" I 'd like it all the same , " David said , reaching for his wallet .
te	10	I went out the door , starting to really cry .
te	10	" Are you prepared to die ? "
te	8	She emitted a soft gurgling cry and the coyote moved past them and took the point again .
te	10	I think you like to watch .
te	9	" She 's a lot of fun for one night .
te	11	Various sounds Sara made playing with Lily drew our continual attention .
te	11	Nathan made David sit down once there was an opportunity .
te	7	Somehow warm and cool , smooth and rough all at the same time .
te	9	called out Simon in Italian as he laid several rounds down the road .
te	5	" Because the First Clan Family was his . "
te	9	What 's that great dark hole , at the top of the mountain ?
te	8	The band which confined her blue-black locks was set with glittering jewels .
te	9	I agree with her most of the time and you can 't blame me for that . "
te	9	Eventually that got him noticed by good universities very far away .
te	11	That was easier said than done .
te	11	Their choppers will be here in 2 minutes " Stefano replied .
te	6	Antenna amplifier , he said , then pointed to the large book now on the coffee table .
te	8	What do I say if you vanish ? "
te	5	~ ~ ~ IV The First Friday Power is not ... a certain strength .
te	10	What they were going to do .
te	8	He clicked on one of the video files at random .
te	9	He could barely tell if Andre was breathing .
te	9	" What do you mean you ' did it ' ? "
te	10	" You 'll have to do better than that .
te	5	" There we go , " he says .
te	5	" My liege , I think - " " No , you do not . "
te	10	" I didn 't know what to tell Carlos .
te	11	I lifted my head straight back and stared up at the stone structure carved with so many saints and intricate details .
te	7	And He wants you to go .
te	6	" Well , let 's enjoy today then , " Marie turns the topic to the bright side .
te	7	" Ahhh , shite , an American , " he said , putting the book down .
te	9	" When are they going to fix it , then ? "
te	9	Thought I ought to check in on your progress . "
te	10	Many suitors came and spoke to her father about her hand in marriage but he always respected her wishes .
te	11	" Even if she were fool enough to swallow such a tale I would soon set her right . "
te	7	The two wandered over to Mister Bobo 's luxury apartment , complete with its own television and piano .
te	7	She could barely mask the accusing tone in her voice .
te	6	Some of the sailors laughed at me .
te	6	" But this is your dad 's office . "
te	8	Each of these stakes connected to a length of metal wire attached to a now empty dog collar .
te	10	Even the docks are enchanting -- the whole city smells of flowers in the springtime and the sea in the winter .
te	5	" No , no , Wade and I are just fine .
te	9	She wished she could explain better .
te	6	Even with gray kinky hair , his thin wiry body and dark smooth skin gave him a more youthful appearance .
te	8	Chase appeared before Sofia and dragged her behind him , shielding her from any harm .
te	8	" My Prince , " she said , dropping a hasty curtsy and lowering her eyes .
te	6	Did he see a long , pale shape , or two , beneath the surface ?
te	6	The gentleman smiled grimly and nodded his head .
te	11	Are you going to tell me ? "
te	9	Sofia applauded in awed to the princess .
te	6	I 'll even give you your phone back . "
te	8	" Now , just because you have a fancy car , why come and harass me and my airfield ? "
te	11	Her office is located around the rear of the hospital in the basement .
te	11	" Okay , but you said you didn 't believe in Heaven and Hell . "
te	10	Having made up his mind to tell dele the truth , he wished only that it might be done quickly .
te	7	The Grand Tour had brought us through two major cities thus far .
te	7	" How do you know about that ? "
te	9	A slimy smudge of perspiration marred the young guard 's right eyebrow as he avoided the prisoner 's eyes .
te	8	" You have already spent ten percent of our education savings . "
te	9	Want to come get me ?
te	11	However , man for man , they fell well short of measuring up to the skill and tenacity of the Grenadiers .
te	11	" I should have known better than to try and talk to a little idiot . "
te	10	It made me want to fly .
te	7	Lance rears back on his hind legs , claws outstretched , and jaws wide .
te	8	" We 're a step ahead of you , " he said .
te	6	He couldn 't get the words out fast enough .
te	6	Downstairs , the large grandfather clock whirred , followed by twelve chimes .
te	10	Was this to be his lot in life ?
te	7	" After all it 's not costing me anything so why should I bother ? "
te	9	I say we just keep walking .
te	6	Every breath smells like blood .
te	11	That 's why she told me to burn the package , to not get involved .
te	5	" You remember these chaps Gema ? "
te	8	" I think he 's gone . "
te	10	Sophia thought to herself , he seems too good to be true , what does he really want ?
te	10	I told him he 'd finally gone senile . "
te	10	If they knew where their prey was going , they would break into a full run .
te	6	It 's worked out quite nicely so far . "
te	7	They now stood out an inch or so from the cliff .
te	5	" Oh , yeah , that guy , " Joe B. muttered .
te	10	Then he discreetly turned to watch the couple for a moment .
te	7	By the way , how is going with Laurence ? "
te	9	I trust Junior Commander Tork made your journey comfortable . "
te	5	At least ... that was me story . "
te	8	It was a long shot and would 've been way too easy .
te	7	I am so utterly alone in this .
te	7	Closing the door behind me , I snapped one row of lights on .
te	8	Elaina nodded again , watching his hand move across her skin .
te	7	He glanced back at Brand , then stood up and drew his sword .
te	11	He saw he 'd gone a long distance , traversing many fences .
te	9	I force them back and look at Lo .
te	6	She turned and worked her way forward along the swaying railroad car .
te	10	The latter walked slowly , leaning on a cane while Eva held his other arm .
te	7	" How did you know about the Company ? "
te	9	And this means that your children will get an excellent education .
te	10	If we get through the next twenty-four hours without getting pinched , we can look at expanding .
te	8	Now that we 've calibrated a hover state , the rest should work .
te	7	The whole damn Mexican Army is upon us now , and we have no recourse whatsoever .
te	11	Already deciding who gets to keep what .
te	10	He reached out and touched Missy 's shoulder affectionately and smiled at her as he turned toward the door .
te	6	' His death is not a concern , only the prayer of the Siren is important .
te	8	He sprang through the air toward his prey , only about twenty feet away .
te	7	He reached into an inside pocket and pulled out a small flask .
te	6	Riki gripped Neil again , and they turned around .
te	7	Warrior and the rest of the fleet slip through the sparking event horizon .
te	8	We have eyes on her constantly plus her phones and mobile are monitored . "
te	9	Jimmy didn 't like where this was going .
te	11	' Lots of girls away from home for ze first time , ' Raphael said .
te	6	The magnitude of clarity was mind-boggling .
te	10	" Do we want to know ? "
te	11	She could see in the distance that there was a market set up today .
te	8	We 're on to you and we 're ready . "
te	8	Victor turned and studied the inside of the elevator .
te	8	Crane turned and looked at them expectantly from the door , but neither of them moved .
te	7	Tommy did and found himself in a lavish palace chamber .
te	5	" Almost right , except that he had a strong West Country accent . "
te	8	The guard laughed in his oily way and motioned for the others to leave .
te	8	In a patronising tone , she asked , " So what happens now ? "
te	8	We have a little girl of our own now , and she 's mine . "
te	7	" I prefer ' fungi ' , " he said , " given the etymology of the word .
te	9	" Not quite , " Anderson said as they walked back outside onto the deck .
te	9	When the Empress had crossed the sea , she had brought with her seven talismans of power .
te	10	Rob wanted to come home and get involved , I talked him out of it though . "
te	7	" Very wise of you to notice , Rick .
te	8	What has come over you ? "
te	8	The guys , hopefully , will only be watching the main terminal here in the city .
te	11	Do you think Grant knows ? "
te	7	' This guy is as clean as a whistle .
te	7	On the far shore light ricocheted off the leaves and limbs of the large trees in an insane dance .
te	6	" That 's all right , " Daniel said , " I never do . "
te	6	" I don 't believe you . "
te	7	Chapter V - Why should I care ?
te	10	We need to get ourselves out from under the UN 's shadow . "
te	8	He put his hand on Neil 's shoulder for one moment before leaving the room .
te	9	I 'm close to being sick .
te	10	" You 're going to okay , you 're going to be okay , " he chants like a mantra .
te	9	" And you may have a helping of boar and a stein of mead .
te	9	" I think we should leave , " he declared and turned to the door .
te	9	Despite the rough ride , Noah was looking content , emerald green eyes glinting in the moonlight .
te	11	It made me want to hurt him .
te	9	" I think Mana 's leaving right now on the train , " Miriam said .
te	9	After watching only a few minutes , a now tight-lipped Lucas thought maybe the security guard was onto something .
te	8	The four Exiles all breathed a noticeable sigh of relief , but the Prince did not .
te	9	It is not rage , or joy , or sorrow , but an immense urge pushing her into an imminent action .
te	8	" Thank you , " said Chancellor Roberts politely to their backs as he closed the door behind them .
te	7	Everything got better and better for the family and their friends , their problems long gone , left in the past .
te	8	" I would kill him given half the chance .
te	6	" Don 't worry , " he continued in a stronger , more confident voice .
te	5	" I know , Raz , " the first man snaps .
te	11	Bryony was enjoying herself so much that she 'd almost forgotten about the experiment .
te	11	" Yes , sir , " said the private , who saluted and then ran off at a lope .
te	8	" Are you sure there isn 't a forest ? "
te	8	Reaching our car 's exit , we paused , the others looking to me .
te	10	' We need to move you to another safe house , ' he said .
te	10	" Don 't you think he should be back up by now ? "
te	10	A book lay open next to an easy chair , worn out at the armrests .
te	9	Balancing Jimmy on his shoulder while adjusting a gas mask was surprisingly difficult .
te	7	" You won 't miss a thumb , will you ? "
te	9	" I 'll just have to go and find him . "
te	8	Who the hell is this , this criminal and why has he not been dealt with ? '
te	10	All right , now I 'm here , what do I do ?
te	9	He knew things would work out .
te	7	As an afterthought , he took his gun from the front seat and stuffed it into the glove box .
te	9	Landon stopped to examine it , but she kept on .
te	9	Going slowly felt like filling a bath one spoonful at a time .
te	11	They wrapped the blanket around Rick 's body and over his head to form a hood .
te	11	We should have enough time to get there and they won 't be able to follow us .
te	10	" I 'm going to go down to that path .
te	11	Simon did not answer and simply started walking towards the 135 metre high tourist attraction .
te	7	She couldn 't kick , couldn 't move her arms , and the pillars were still gone .
te	9	He pulled her closer , pressing his full weight on her as he spoke .
te	7	" Get in the chair , " I answered .
te	6	" Well , he is your oldest brother and a grown , single man . "
te	8	" He may have shot at us at the park and possibly on our date . "
te	11	Gabriel looked at Dagan who stood beside him .
te	8	He was kneeling on the floor , twiddling the dial , unlocking the safe door .
te	8	Sometimes she forgot that Cade was so handsome .
te	7	Sarah crossed the living room and began pulling books off the shelves .
te	8	A young Air Force captain strode in with a middle-aged man in a light grey suit .
te	10	" Well do you want to go ?
te	7	Clothes racks , chests of drawers and carton boxes neatly organized the diverse men 's wardrobe .
te	11	Brendan said , giving the lead rope attached to David 's hands a hard yank to test its security .
te	9	This will be fun she thought .
te	5	" For example , the men guarding the dragon pit . "
te	9	She pulled the covers back to jump up and amend the oversight when he stopped her .
te	6	She felt sick and weary to the bone .
te	5	My mum and me have a small apartment there .
te	10	She gives us insights that we probably couldn 't see for ourselves .
te	10	I doubt she 'll come tonight , don 't you ?
te	9	Willingly agreed to submit themselves to authority .
te	10	They are friends who mean you no harm . "
te	6	And , pop , pop , so did two little white bubbles above his head , both with local phone numbers .
te	7	He poised the knife above my leg .
te	5	No gasoline pumps , no grocery stores , no air conditioning or heat , economic collapse . "
te	8	Although what lunatic would be out in this weather ?
te	5	At least not until Lieutenant Head told me . "
te	5	" Clearly , " Lady Aquitaine said , her expression serene .
te	8	Rick clasped his hand over the little girl 's mouth , nodding at the guard .
te	6	You can 't leave a guy hanging . "
te	11	It sounded like it could be a rise or two away .
te	11	I can tell your nodes are twice as powerful as mine .
te	11	He was far from disheartened by what had happened to her .
te	10	He would have to work on that .
te	6	' Oh , give it here , ' said the dog , and gripped the other end in its teeth .
te	9	Everyone stood in a frightened silence because it was , after all , past midnight .
te	6	The Bastian leader nodded his acquiescence at our questioning gazes .
te	5	A little while later , he looks out the window .
te	10	Mack Finn sat , smoking a cigarette , in the old wooden rocking chair on the front porch .
te	8	He wouldn 't even have heard of you . "
te	7	A smile from Tammy was worth ... You been in the garage yet ? "
te	10	Miriam followed her through the door in the opposite wall , still hoping to break through .
te	11	Maybe it was having some help and not feeling like everything was on his shoulders .
te	6	" He 's an amazing little boy , " said Victoria .
te	10	After tapping the side of her cup and staring intensely , Aimee squealed .
te	9	He 's the commander of the base and an old friend , ' said Victor by way of introduction .
te	11	" I didn 't know you could do that , " he said .
te	9	" This is Captain Jim Meeks , get me either the Commander or Deputy Commander right now ! "
te	8	Malcolm picked up the cards scattered on the floor .
te	10	She seemed to be coming straight for him .
te	10	He was bound to silence with ancient vows of power ; he would not reveal Her plans .
te	8	" It 's about time , everyone has been using her like a fucking finger puppet .
te	8	Claire inhaled , filling her lungs with unpolluted air .
te	5	" In Trig , the three functions are Sine , Tangent , and Cosine .
te	7	The black suited agents in the food court had all stood up by now .
te	6	I elbowed him in the gut .
te	7	Both of them were so dear to her heart , but which one could she not live without ?
te	8	Time seemed to resume its normal speed .
te	7	" Yes , very messily , there are still stains down there , but you are missing the point .
te	8	I said in a low voice , almost afraid to hear the answer .
te	9	" Well , I don 't see where it really got her anywhere .
te	7	I watched her chest and then placed my fingers gently over her carotid artery .
te	6	" The prisoners are here , sir , " announced the first lieutenant .
te	10	Prince Lance , You are welcome to assist me with this task .
te	9	How we were supposed to act ?
te	9	My own fortunes have fared better since that shipwreck of my youth .
te	5	" But I was not ... looking ... " he groaned .
te	8	Suzi was in her wheelchair , just as VIN had his old Air Force legs on .
te	9	With his hat pulled low over his face , he moved forward unnoticed until he mingled with the strangers .
te	11	I felt like I had found where my destiny lay .
te	6	We carried the hose and hooked it up .
te	11	She excused herself from the atmosphere that had just become tense .
te	11	Hilda sat on the other side of the room with the keep 's women .
te	5	Even in this dim light his eyes radiate a brilliant electric blue .
te	9	" There 's no need to be afraid . "
te	8	I don ' mean ya no harm . "
te	10	He looked at his watch , " she has air for about another hour ! " .
te	11	There were questions he had to ask .
te	10	There 's no turning back now , she thought , turning to leave the observation room .
te	6	The living dead things had soulless , solid black eyes and their complexions were dark , sickly yellow .
te	7	Riki gasped , raised her eyebrows , and gestured towards the wide-open door with both arms .
te	10	My eyes were blind to what was inside .
te	7	And speaking of which , how 's our ' guest ' ? "
te	7	Dad posed a question to the group every few seconds .
te	8	It shall be as you say .
te	10	" After that we 'll press on to Batavia in Sumatra .
te	10	I will be unable to assist any further . "
te	9	" Hera , you need to call me commander , " he groans .
te	8	Their childlike gifts of spontaneity , hope and faith in their success had helped them produce miracles .
te	7	" I thought you might .
te	10	The Captain yelled to Crabtree , " Signal the other ships !
te	10	Because I know why he 's here .
te	8	After a moment of tension , the Prince heard Leah clear her throat noisily .
te	9	He waited until the designated time , stood up and began running toward the camp .
te	6	Back outside in the sunlight , the servant blinked a few times against the sun .
te	5	At barely thirty , the shapely young hypnotist was almost annoyingly calm .
te	11	She smiled to see Liam walking toward her .
te	8	All the army knew its meaning , another call to move on .
te	8	" I do not listen to the rules , though , " she finished at last .
te	7	Sucking in one last breath , we dashed , all the world like champion athletes .
te	11	" Now we might find a way to come to terms . "
te	9	John had collected and stacked the wood without being told .
te	5	" Señora , what an honour .
te	10	Believe me ; nobody will manage to come here .
te	8	I would go with the dragon , " agreed Ricky .
te	5	" You row a boat .
te	8	The code came a few weeks ago after the electricity went out .
te	8	Leaving them to breakfast , Amy turned and not watching her step , trod barefoot on the condom .
te	10	Still , she missed talking to him about her stories and laughing with him and Neil after lessons .
te	10	Jolie spluttered and gasped , wiping frosting from his eyes .
te	10	We don 't need to kill anyone , " said Mac .
te	8	Pain shot through my head , radiating out from my cheek .
te	8	That 's how they tell each other apart .
te	7	Sever patted his shoulders and said , " So long , His Majesty . "
te	5	With those electoral votes , Kennedy won the Presidency . "
te	7	Unfortunately , for the last thirty years it has mostly worked in their favor .
te	8	Nevertheless he felt it was the right call .
te	8	The stars wheeled above him , and in an instant they were all extinguished in velvety darkness .
te	8	" My abbess explained to you , King -- I have no control .
te	7	Then I dug into my satchel and handed her an envelope .
te	8	" Good thing we still have two ships . "
te	8	" This is President Reggie Phillips the duly elected leader of the Jackson Purchase .
te	6	A hypodermic needle , spoon and piece of crinkled tin foil lay conspicuously on the nightstand next to the bed .
te	6	It is of the utmost importance . "
te	10	Jack asked , anger morphing into curiosity .
te	7	His mother stood there , older but still beautiful .
te	11	I looked a little bit like the wannabe spies I mocked , but I wasn 't going to dwell on that .
te	11	" I really don 't know what to start with , trust me . "
te	11	" My friends and I are going to walk out of here , " Mark said calmly .
te	11	" If you knew what you were doing , you 'd know to tighten the cinch first , " Kevin said .
te	7	She is many times larger .
te	7	The barrel of the handgun trembled slightly at the words but Ackerman 's tone also showed no fear .
te	9	" If you come with us , you live , " he said bluntly .
te	7	Reggie deliberately opened his folder and scanned the items on his agenda .
te	8	He would have to hurry .
te	6	And he wasn 't singing show tunes either .
te	8	" She rescued me , " he said quickly , " I don 't know who she is . "
te	11	How many will be needed to guard her ? "
te	7	The revelation had been shocking , but it also brought hope .
te	9	Come on , I want to show you something , " she urges , not wanting him to lose heart .
te	5	Just about the time I finish , the phone rings .
te	11	It 's me who has to sing .
te	8	As each woman set foot over the threshold she stared and glared wildly about her .
te	8	There is so much to do up here .
te	10	" Have you spoken to either David or his boss today or late yesterday ? "
te	6	" Calm down , " she starts like a knowing mother .
te	7	The big man grunted and a small coin arched through the air into the girl 's hand .
te	8	You 'll stay for a while , won 't you Auntie Claire ? "
te	5	" All this , and Mage Ryker Slade has escaped . "
te	11	We can start to discover what we can .
te	7	A flap of her arms -- no , her wings -- sent her propelling quickly through the wonderfully cool air .
te	11	It was scheduled to stay this way until after the New Year .
te	10	Are you going to come ? "
te	11	She drops back down to cover before return fire strikes her .
te	8	She couldn 't -- he was so close -- he wouldn 't be taken back now .
te	9	The Hunters took up position on either side of the door as he closed it .
te	10	" I 'm surprised you can see anything . "
te	6	She said something about a Dr. Pepper float .
te	11	I knew we were going to die .
te	8	Both men had been quiet since their arrival a half hour earlier .
te	9	I kept them to myself and did nothing because they made no sense .
te	8	The owner had seen their approach -- a lookout spell , no doubt .
te	9	It 's pretty impressive , isn 't it ? "
te	10	I grabbed the largest frying pan we owned and crept toward the door .
te	10	We 'd have to keep looking .
te	11	' We still have to vote on it , of course . '
te	11	He held his sword ready for whoever was approaching .
te	8	Lilly Ann cradled the book in her arms and brought it to Taylor 's bed .
te	9	He knew they were right ; it would be their only hope .
te	9	" Never forget that we are always near you ! "
te	6	Or -- his stomach lurched -- would they come back at all ?
te	9	Chip Harris had decided to kill himself .
te	10	Millicent realised she did think so .
te	10	" But it could be used to contain him .
te	9	We tried to stop the ships , honestly sir , but they just kept going . "
te	10	Smiles were present , but more and more Nathan noticed long looks and glances his way .
te	7	Her brain exploded with him inside of her .
te	10	They were well-informed , and the suspected parties were never around when arrests were attempted .
te	9	It really looked interesting , almost like a piece of art .
te	8	" I have to know , Finan , " answered Lord Rafe slowly .
te	7	" We 're ready , " said Joshua eagerly , " and we 'll be careful . "
te	10	The motion of the car was starting to get to him .
te	11	Click to purchase book 2 - Heart of an Assassin .
te	9	I texted Dad saying the mission had failed .
te	7	Wrapping the quivering shoulders in a smothering hug , Claire stroked her niece 's hair and shushed her .
te	7	" I 'll be right back , " Tori said and went behind the wall .
te	5	" Hear us , great Goddess , " they repeated .
te	7	He shook his head and continued on , doubling his speed .
te	8	Stop talking like you do ! "
te	8	The tunnel stopped at the other side of the cliff .
te	8	He told the Captain , " Empty this place so we can talk . "
te	9	These smaller cargo hatches are for placing cargo into the holds .
te	7	Do we understand each other ? "
te	9	There was a short wait , almost anticlimactic after their mad dash from Frank 's office .
te	9	They couldn 't have carried her far , could they ?
te	6	We were just ... " " No we 're not sorry ! "
te	7	Reaching around with a forceful shove , I pushed the whole masterpiece back into place .
te	11	Anger filled her and she stood up straight , looking him directly in the eye .
te	9	It 's time to pick again !
te	10	" You 're like no Irish woman I ever knew , " he said .
te	10	" A good idea , " he responded deciding to help her .
te	10	They hurried down the road in hopes that they might reach the capital city before nightfall .
te	9	" That is a good question with an unknowable answer , " Sarah said , trying not to smile .
te	6	She waved David down the hill .
te	10	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
te	10	That 's what you 've been training for .
te	10	But now there was someone wandering around the city killing them all .
te	9	How else do we prove subs are guilty ? "
te	6	Chapter 2 Elizabeth found her roommate Michelle dozing with her head on her desk .
te	11	Jumping in the sea in the middle of winter , or throwing themselves off bridges .
te	10	She removed her shoes and jacket and held out her hand to reveal the odd key .
te	5	The pirate curls , the eyepatch , even the damn parrot .
te	6	Aimee crouched next to me .
te	6	Beowulf is not an ' epic ' , not even a magnified ' lay ' .
te	5	" And perfect timing , " Dad said .
te	9	That Roberto was up to something was very clear to him .
te	8	His regular stops at the center down the slope weren 't optional .
te	5	But still , a contact remained elusive .
te	10	" You make it sound like we 're ancient . "
te	9	Although in the case of the Norfolk boys , that woman would have been one of their close relations .
te	9	" We 're going to war , Johnny " said Phillip .
te	6	I observed him for silent seconds before sighing loudly .
te	11	The town was more alive today than it had a right to be .
te	5	He probably had a family .
te	11	Legend said it was lost to the ages forever and would never be found again .
te	10	A fire engine came up behind us and overtook the Chevy in a roar of sirens and flashing lights .
te	9	Lilly Ann was searching her brain for an easier way to make her point .
te	7	" That goes for you , too , " I called up to the driver .
te	6	" Now , that wasn 't very nice , " he said in a low , ominous voice .
te	6	Dreams of desert landscapes , of echoes , the taste of blood , a bow and arrow in his hands .
te	11	The sun was going down now and the temperature was starting to drop into a comfortable range .
te	8	Every woman is a queen to someone , and John Taylor 's queen had just arrived .
te	9	And he and Amanda were heading right for the center of it .
te	8	But at the last second she turned , and as her green eyes met his black , he did pause .
te	7	After a moment , as if remembering his manners , he said , " How have you been ? "
te	10	I said into the intercom , and almost instantaneously he came in and stood in front of me .
te	5	" Oh , yes , " I said sadly .
te	9	" I forgot -- you don 't like people challenging you . "
te	10	How easy it would be for them to blunder into a trap .
te	10	As the Bastian Council vacated the room in a low rumble of murmurs , I paused by Anna 's chair .
te	8	the beautifully blonde Vivian yelled from the passenger side of the pickup as she and George arrived .
te	7	The five approached the felled dragon slowly , pistols drawn and ready .
te	10	" We seek to negotiate the price of passage . "
te	9	He was again careful about wounding the boys ' pride .
te	8	There can be only one ; all the rest are these strange folk .
te	11	The troublemakers are yelling something about tyranny and evil as they are dragged out of earshot .
te	7	~ On Tuesday afternoon as usual , Chris was over Cobb 's house .
te	6	Clearly the guy had more problems than just us .
te	6	He called out , " For the glory of the Green Dragon ! "
te	6	Its muzzle was narrow , its ears were pricked and sharp and its expression was calculating and sly .
te	6	" I caught a squirrel , " I tell him .
te	6	A pile of duffel bags and backpacks rested on the threshold to the dining room , including hers .
te	9	Would Calvin have the patience to hang round ?
te	6	I didn 't have many .
te	9	He must have heard the noise from behind the barn .
te	10	Not all of these scalps had been taken when on a military campaign .
te	8	Scott opened it to see two pictures .
te	7	" You are very good with animals Miss Lyndon . "
te	11	John thought deeply about the first action he was about to instigate .
te	5	" We read your passport .
te	11	We won 't be able to remain undetected long in this location . "
te	8	" Send Melody across by herself and I 'll bring you the GPS , " Ted called .
te	7	He studied her carefully , but then he raised his bushy eyebrows and gave a little bow .
te	10	Cuz I know what he wants .
te	7	When he entered the room , she looked up and brightened .
te	8	Colorado loses its heat at night , but Gabe , as always , seems comfortable in just his t-shirt .
te	10	Zombies could be quite difficult to kill , but these rounds put them down decisively .
te	7	The column of warriors was led by Wounded Eagle and Wolf Eyes .
te	11	I will have the physician here tomorrow to look at both ladies .
te	9	This is going to be official .
te	8	Your grandfather must have liked you a whole lot . "
te	11	I saw his logic had tracked like mine , but we didn 't speak .
te	7	" It is of dire importance , " Henrik said .
te	10	Does he resent having to do this ?
te	11	" Master Archie was beside himself with joy to hear you had returned . "
te	8	United States Marine Corps , " he said still standing at attention .
te	10	" I didn 't know he had a girlfriend " she rasped .
te	9	Alfred pushed the button to summon the elevator .
te	9	Susan , disoriented , answered without thinking , " Nuke strike .
te	9	Chapter 8 -- Death on the Camp David looked at his watch .
te	8	The hangman walked over to Brand and jerked a black sack over his head .
te	6	" It is a good name , " said the Fox , " a very good name .
te	7	Mark wiped the blade on his pants , cleaning off his blood .
te	10	I don 't want to be too recognizable , and Victoria sold all my best cloths . "
te	7	" Do not test me , Miss Cox , " he said , his voice dangerously quiet .
te	6	Sellers cried out and promoted their homemade goodies .
te	5	" Yeah , this one is pretty bad .
te	8	Standing where he once stood , the Sage of Light faces the incarnation of evil without fear .
te	8	His mouth tasted like the floor of a subway .
te	7	The second page showed a much more developed drawing of the same cartoon character .
te	11	Adele fingered the thick plait that lay over her shoulder , a regretful look on her face .
te	7	" He is an import from the south , and an uncommon god even there .
te	6	The end of life , the end of death , the end of everything .
te	10	Her face was that of a wooden image , her expression one of horrified listening .
te	6	If you choose , Homeward Bound will be your flagship .
te	7	His precious freedom was vanishing before his eyes , by leaps and bounds .
te	9	She clearly had put a lot of thought into it and they could win .
te	7	I walked into my room , slammed the door and took a shower .
te	7	To the right side of the room was Loot and Fire Cub , sitting and looking grim .
te	7	" If I were you , kid , I wouldn 't act so smug .
te	5	" Not precisely my question , though , " Gaius said .
te	7	" Earth ... " Jason repeats , squinting his eyes at the idea .
te	10	" Morning Viv , you look as though you 've had a good night 's sleep . "
te	5	" Are there any doubts now ? "
te	8	My mother never made a sound from in front of him .
te	8	The only way to relieve the swelling is to operate .
te	11	That was how it was supposed to be .
te	6	At the rear wall , there is a circular wooden wall , without a roof .
te	10	she continued , twirling the blue flower in her fingers while she approached Cade again .
te	6	I look down at my cell phone .
te	8	It was a both a sacred place and surrounded by steep rocky walls .
te	6	Every eye was on us .
te	8	" Quite , my dear , " he began , but she cut him off and clicked her tongue with annoyance .
te	9	" The bakery you were looking for is on the first floor , not the third floor .
te	5	" So the liquor and the apples are your two secret ingredients . "
te	11	He could actually hear Billy rummaging through the stuff in the playroom .
te	11	How he could make this statement was beyond me , since the ocean could change instantly .
te	6	' Hey , I 'm just quoting all this stuff .
te	10	Danny shrugged , ' What is the last thing a drummer says ? '
te	7	Billy was there too , and he smiled and nodded as well .
te	9	From his contacts within the palace , Joseph learned that Mercedes is with him .
te	7	First , he unbuckled Jacob 's belt , throwing off the saber .
te	10	Rafe reined in a little so that their horse came abreast of his .
te	5	Chapter Twelve HELENA 'S JOURNAL My brother Marcellus is ill unto death .
te	6	He holds his hand out into the light .
te	5	" What are you talking about ? "
te	6	" Hello , Toby , " said Jacob ignoring the question .
te	9	They have come a long way to meet you . "
te	8	" He 'd been murdered in his bed .
te	5	Free from the cuts , the bruises , the razors , the pain .
te	8	But Victor , that is only my suggestion .
te	10	" I 'd kind of forgotten that a couple of months ago . "
te	5	" And their faggot dentist friend , too , " he snarled .
te	8	" Even if that nation only pays a few million dollars , every bit will help .
te	10	" I think I can answer those questions ... " Kaylie submitted confidently .
te	9	But he said them anyway before shooing her out the door .
te	7	As we walked , my feet moved into time with the piece , directing my companion .
te	8	" Well , looking after kids isn 't really every man 's cup of tea . "
te	5	Yes , the good doctor and the sheriff certainly created a handsome child .
te	7	The store was cavernous and dimly lit inside , in contrast to the bright summer sun outside .
te	10	" It 's all going to work out , sweetheart , " she said .
te	8	Tears swamped Claire 's eyes at the unfairness of it all .
te	9	" What happens if the meeting ends early ? "
te	6	The way of the Goddess was not without pain , without sacrifice or sadness .
te	9	A general uneasiness sounds from the pews as a group of children enter the building .
te	11	I expect to get what I paid for . "
te	7	He entered the conversation and motioned toward the hallways .
te	9	Criminals have increasingly become more sophisticated than Government agents .
te	10	" I don 't suppose I could put something on ? "
te	8	He knew that meant no .
te	9	The young woman stared at her with her eyes filled with tears .
te	7	I have been on a plane .
te	11	If you think you can fool me , think again . "
te	5	" Yes , you can , Mister Goggles . "
te	9	It had been a long time since he had eaten .
te	10	Are you saying you will ? "
te	8	Nothing was happening as she expected .
te	9	" How much longer do you intend to keep them out here ? "
te	7	The arrows strike the walls nearly simultaneously , and two portals to the sacred realm are opened .
te	5	" Next stop , St. Louis , " she said .
te	5	" Promise , son , " he said .
te	8	There were no minerals found inside , either ... maybe mined out ?
te	9	" I remember saying the exact words more than once to men and women I had the opportunity to help .
te	8	My body and soul were so tired for lack of everything basic .
te	8	And with that Natalie and Sophia put their glasses on and left the cabin .
te	8	Kevin had gone to ground , so Cal couldn 't ask him about his cousin .
te	8	He pulled off two pieces of biscuit and fed them to his dogs .
te	9	The Sergeant Major hurried from the room as Destro picked up the secure line to call Hawk back .
te	10	Mark gave Agent Cooper the same terrifying stare Jimmy had glimpsed earlier .
te	7	He cast the parchment on to the table .
te	6	" I understand your position , " he said .
te	5	" No , Alex , color is irrelevant .
te	10	He was starting to grow on me . "
te	8	His speciality was the ancient igneous rocks of the northern United States and Canada .
te	6	Open to a clean page .
te	6	he made a pained face for emphasis .
te	11	I can show you how to get there intact .
te	9	Ted clutched onto the rung for dear life .
te	8	I 've never had a particular feel for Water .
te	7	Neil chewed the inside of his lip .
te	10	He stood before the oversized menorah he had built with his own hands .
te	8	Has he taken to perusing Gothic novels ?
te	9	" So happy to be of service , " he continued the joke .
te	9	The third would have to be carried .
te	5	" This is his office .
te	7	Other than the Order , only nobles spoke it and not well .
te	8	Fiona approached with two tin cups of tea .
te	11	I heard the sounds of helicopters and watched in amazement as giant bipedal machines were dropped from the sky .
te	10	This is where part of our mining project comes into play and brings us to our next mission .
te	9	Carter made no pretense of her resistance to almost every word the man uttered .
te	9	Old trinket can 't protect someone so puny for long . "
te	8	Maya glances back over her shoulder , sees Lance closing fast and sends a volley of lighting toward him .
te	11	I think it has t get dark .
te	11	It was just where it was supposed to be .
te	9	His reputation made the rounds and people marveled at his skills .
te	8	" Frank , don 't be such a stickler , " she replied , setting her mug on the table .
te	8	" But buses do leave at night sometimes , don 't they ? "
te	6	A strange look crossed his face , a flicker of hurt and worry flashed through his eyes .
te	11	The boy responds , genuinely unaware what the beast of a man is after .
te	11	He looked at the amazed faces and lowered his arms sitting on the side of the turret .
te	7	Every day when I was little they would quiz me about America , about the Presidents , about the American heroes .
te	7	He stepped forward and threw a roundhouse punch at the bulging , gigantic stranger .
te	10	" It is a fact that I am well aware of , Lady Eda , " replied Rafe grimly .
te	9	The barrel of a pistol was thrust into the small of my back .
te	8	Or I have to swim a little ? "
te	10	Edwin guessed they were laughing about him now .
te	6	Those are my horses down there in this beleaguered stable , out there in that fearful night .
te	9	They had orders to spare me .
te	9	At least not until after they 'd beaten him .
te	6	Kind of like my mom and dad .
te	7	" They got cars working again ? "
te	7	It was the foundation of everything else .
te	9	The gorgeous Princess of Hyrule enters the throne room casually , only to find the king nowhere in sight .
te	10	He 'd left his bike under the trailer next to the stairs .
te	5	" At his age , every traffic circle is a potential five car pile-up .
te	6	" It 's probably fifty percent formaldehyde , " Ted replied .
te	8	There are five of them , three braves and two women . "
te	6	The door shut and an older woman walked down the steps .
te	10	" I know it 's freezing now , but soon we 'll get you warmed up .
te	8	Well , if my parents didn 't clean it out . "
te	7	Flaherty returned to his breakfast as Nero and his men departed .
te	7	Whoever had trussed her up had certainly not wanted her squirming about too much .
te	5	" So what 's next ? "
te	9	Letting out a yelp , he turned to look down at her flushed face .
te	8	They do not have the capacity for happiness or sadness .
te	5	Maybe the last official thing we do here . "
te	5	" At least twenty-five years , " Byron put in .
te	9	He ran an experienced eye over the bleached frame , but saw no broken bones nor any sign of violence .
te	11	" If you only knew what was in that , you wouldn 't eat it .
te	7	He did this for you . "
te	6	He had a strong nose , his eyes were narrow and his eyebrows were deep .
te	6	Then , he looked up , crossed his arms , and waited .
te	10	Rays of sunlight broke through the green canopy above , painting lively patterns onto last year 's leaves between the trees .
te	5	Her shapely legs drew his attention .
te	6	She stretched out one long arm and selected a biscuit .
te	8	" What can I do for you , major ? "
te	7	Swinging his body about and slapping his tail , Lance throws Warrior aside into a heap several hundred meters away .
te	7	" If you look closely you can see common seals as well as grey seals .
te	5	" And drop the ' master ' routine , already , " Dr. Horvath said .
te	11	' Tell him we should have the duplicates with inlay cards by Thursday .
te	5	" So the future predicting , all knowing , history loving billionaire was careful ? "
te	11	I reckon you will have your minus 25 at launch altitude . "
te	7	Logan was again hidden amid a cloud .
te	10	" Does this mean what I think it does ? "
te	7	She had a stern look on her face .
te	9	" Okay , but not until after you 've had your birthday corn bread , " Melody replied .
te	11	This is the first time I 've felt free in a fortnight .
te	11	The shuttle wouldn 't be affected because it wasn 't touching the ship .
te	8	Frozen fingers brushed lazily over her cheeks from the hulking mountains all around them .
te	9	He had to stop talking .
te	5	" Border Patrol goes plainclothes ? "
te	11	" You were stupid enough to get too close to a portal when it activated .
te	11	I knew from then on that there 'd be something .
te	7	" Your axe is sturdy , Gunnar , and you wield it with skill .
te	11	He had dreamt to be a hero in Indian movies .
te	8	" But I didn 't because you save me , " she murmured low .
te	9	This would indeed be a night to remember .
te	11	Like trying to poke through clay .
te	10	I want to go to sleep .
te	11	Do you like to read ? "
te	7	" Hello , father , " she greets , lovingly embracing his arm .
te	6	I will never hurt you intentionally .
te	7	Beau slowly raised his head up out of the hatch and glanced around .
te	10	I can only imagine how many people have seen the Little Spirit name today .
te	11	He knew what was going to happen .
te	9	The wound healed fast until the whole flesh had been restored , leaving not a single mark .
te	7	Sixty Meter Observatory Mauna Kea , Hawaii July 3rd , 2027 McCutcheon stood up and looked around the boardroom table .
te	5	Its petals , wide and smooth , were completely open and welcoming .
te	8	The last thing Brand felt in the material world was the platform giving out beneath his feet .
te	6	" That is true , " Doyle said , " but that is not your point . "
te	6	When she visited I helped her out a bit .
te	7	On the top of her head was a bun of white hair , wisps hanging down .
te	9	" I told you to cancel the alarm , " I overheard him say .
te	5	" What the hell were you thinking ? "
te	7	That would be suicide , and the populace might even resist our attempt .
te	9	Ryan sold the sexy lady 's underwear advertised by a British-based company through their own small catalog .
te	10	She took one look at you at that was it , ' Danny said .
te	5	" I 'll burst ! "
te	9	Who I want to be .
te	7	" Would you rather risk the guards tonight and the Priest 's blade tomorrow ? "
te	8	Later the chief gathered some of the elders and interested parties .
te	8	" I know what you are , " she declares , her tone leveling as her focus amplifies .
te	7	It is about one day to the border .
te	8	" I was hoping you would . "
te	5	Besides , the evidence was , if not damning , then certainly compelling .
te	5	Dukes , princes and earls , wives , mistresses and probably a few comely servant girls as well .
te	5	" I apologize , Your Majesty , " Javan replied .
te	9	Gray fumed as the room broke out in chuckles .
te	7	Moments later the animal released a piercing growl and leaped forward .
te	10	It will be interesting to track him . "
te	10	" You never know what Unknowns would qualify as wrong , " Mike explained .
te	6	" The emitter thingy on the roof kinda stopped working . "
te	8	She had a fluffy , frilly bed with matching desk , dresser and nightstand .
te	8	Nobody entered the building except for the guards , and Father Jonas finished his proclamations just outside of the door .
te	8	The tower was one of the smaller ones and was not open to the public .
te	10	That in itself was a thought that kept him awake often .
te	10	The place won 't be easy to break into .
te	11	Expecting him to dodge , the woman twists into the maneuver she 's practiced a thousand times .
te	7	This happy cow with the banana shirt was funny , and Mia even smiled about it .
te	7	Simon was sucking on his finger and cursing .
te	10	I had to give it to little snake ; she had guts .
te	8	" For gold and glory , " he said before draining his glass .
te	6	Suddenly , the lingering aroma from the burnt arrow didn 't smell so bad .
te	8	" Sorry , Anna , " Jessica added as she got the hint .
te	9	Can I bear to travel with someone ?
te	8	Ted hauled him back over to the porch and dragged him up into a sitting position again .
te	7	He moved in for a second hit , but Abbey suddenly stepped in and blocked his path .
te	7	" Let 's finish your ride . "
te	8	It listed his employer as the Department of Agriculture .
te	5	" I most certainly am , " the new Mrs. Beck said .
te	6	" There 's also a woman , " she said .
te	7	The words seemed useless and my voice dropped to a whisper .
te	6	" Look , " he said , " the Devils are in battle frenzy .
te	9	" We 'll put her in the one on the West Side .
te	11	" Hey , " Taylor started to protest before Turner stopped him .
te	6	Gabe shifts in his sleep .
te	7	A king 's man stood just a few yards distant .
te	7	" I 'll look in the barn . "
te	6	In time , they reached the area underneath the black cloud .
te	6	" Thank you , corporal , " Jim said and hung up .
te	9	After all , he had chided them long enough about their youthful outlook on life .
te	6	And the struggle for life and order had always and forever been just a futile endeavor .
te	6	Beyond the outdoor dining area , white table clothed tables trickled into a long open room .
te	10	Today I was going to train the girls in search and rescue .
te	8	" Not a surprise , seeing as the soil 's been replaced with thermite . "
te	10	" She has to be in there , " Kendall whispered .
te	7	A moment later , a soft ping sounded and the panels swung open with a faint hiss .
te	5	No parking tickets , no speeding tickets , no military service , nothing . "
te	9	The animal acted glad to see her , shaking its head and prancing .
te	8	Despite her near miss with the Scotsman , she wasn 't in the habit of bed hopping .
te	6	Soon the champagne 's flow ended and the three bandmates , two GMD members and Trudie came together .
te	6	Paulo was blinking at her , obviously shocked .
te	7	I can smell the salt in the air , too . "
te	5	Sweet , fierce Cal ie , with red hair and freckled skin and mischievous eyes .
te	6	" Oh , I am so sorry , I didn 't know . "
te	8	Today 's the big game against Kennedy Boarding School , " Stacy reminded Tori .
te	11	If this does turn out to be a hoax , I 'll be more relieved than angry .
te	11	Do I make myself understood ? "
te	9	I asked Dennis how things had gone .
te	9	Hear me well , for a grand victory is upon us all this day .
te	7	What they could mean I do not know .
te	8	She went and closed the door firmly , turned the key , and opened the lid of the chest .
te	11	Pretty soon , the tapes would start as soon as she swung up into the saddle .
te	10	His eyes stared , fixed on those tiny chips of ice .
te	7	Even so I caught a chill and was miserable after each attempt .
te	7	In a few minutes a tidy little building appeared in the moonlight , whitewashed walls a faint blue in the darkness .
te	9	He is likely recovering much as I am .
te	10	The small flowers were bunched in bouquets on the wildly strung vines .
te	6	Suddenly , she hurled it into the night with a choked cry .
te	8	Sarah laced her fingers in Dan 's mane and held him tightly .
te	9	McCutcheon looked at the vectors displayed on the screen .
te	9	See how it 's scuffed up here ? "
te	7	" And I repeat , what a very interesting comb .
te	7	Miriam marched over to Furnace and glared at Theodosia .
te	10	" Do you have anywhere in mind ? "
te	10	As they both worked frantically to repair the damaged organs , the flow of blood went on nearly unabated .
te	9	Instead , I was thinking about Damian and somehow I felt guild , but how should I know about his drama .
te	8	" So , I did some research and I read about Anubis House traditions , " James stood up and announced .
te	8	She gently placed wet rags on Lena 's head and chest and stripped her down to her nightgown .
te	8	And perhaps our own need to leave something important behind . "
te	9	I was glad to see her .
te	11	Although Ted was stronger than he had ever been , he was simply no match for Joe .
te	10	That drawing didn 't exactly match the maps , but this is definitely the area where it should be . "
te	7	The pool wavered , and a long , steady wave drifted across it .
te	10	I contemplated how he might react to my surprise visit .
te	9	" Our aspirations and yours appear to be aligned , my dear .
te	8	Ryan asked still sitting in the cart .
te	11	Both wore heavier clothes than the weather called for and stout leather boots in place of slippers .
te	11	There was no shortage of conversation , as they all seemed to get on pretty well .
te	9	The French started it years ago , but rich bastards like us put them down .
te	10	But folks were used to that now and the minister droned on .
te	5	Adele 's rich laughter filled the tent .
te	8	Understanding exploded in my mind as her words sank in .
te	7	The first person they met was Siobhan Scahill , the dairy and pub owner .
te	11	It seemed to be about kung fu .
te	8	Another breath and his mind went completely blank , leaving him in silence .
te	5	" My good captain , finally we can meet .
te	6	Everyone in the room released an aggravated huff along with a heavy sigh .
te	8	William wondered how much he really did understand .
te	7	" But it won 't get you there in time . "
te	7	They always brought fresh meat with them when they came .
te	8	After the broking cup sound , I realized that I shocked her .
te	8	Adele turned questioning eyes back to Rafe .
te	7	" I didn 't pick him , sir , he picked me .
te	11	Suppose he believed all that Rand had told him , did it make that much difference ?
te	9	She hurried to finish dressing .
te	11	" Did you just say I was small ? "
te	10	" Sir , how far are we taking this action ? "
te	10	" People make friends on the road for all sorts of reasons .
te	11	Cost has spiraled out of reach for most people unless they have some form of insurance or government subsidy .
te	8	" I had a car and a guitar , they had neither of those things , " Bobby added .
te	9	He looked relieved to see me .
te	5	OK , see ya Monday then ! "
te	10	" I trust you have plans for your men ? "
te	10	As if you have never fallen doing other activities !
te	8	" I just don 't always know where those places are . "
te	8	" You didn 't intentionally kill him Connor , he was a victim of Billy 's tournament . "
te	10	" The White Wolf said to take him to a holy place , " Brand said .
te	9	The servant stopped in front of Andy and bent down on one knee .
te	7	" For a woman , nay , a babe you had never even met ? "
te	7	By the time we got back to our camp , it was after midnight .
te	7	" Or even the worst of ' em .
te	11	You saved our bacon here and without you I 'm not sure what we would have done .
te	5	The day out , the lunch , Mark , the blonde woman , the child .
te	9	The man was about to spring his trap .
te	7	I take off the hat , the sunglasses .
te	5	" At the moment , it 's a deep , dark blue . "
te	5	Two hours later Johnny and the Used Ones completed their five song set .
te	5	" At least there was a reason .
te	6	" You might as well know , I 'm an addict . "
te	7	Kim made small talk with the invited guests , and Julie abandoned the party for the patio .
te	10	Calvin turned to see a striking and happy faced woman in a doorway .
te	8	However , they could not have achieved such a victory without help . "
te	7	" The first time you ride can leave you aching . "
te	8	" We 're not sure on either count , " he admitted .
te	8	" Awww ... I had a high score on the game .
te	8	That is , going from air through cloth , or hide , or skin , it goes unstable .
te	8	Stealing someone 's freshly washed laundry would have to do .
te	6	The blade left my body with a sickening wet noise .
te	9	The Queen Mother is struggling to save Church , to protect women .
te	8	This was nuts beyond believable , he thought .
te	8	I waved that I understood and the plane dipped its wings and headed east .
te	9	I want us to go to Limerick . "
te	7	Yet the man waiting inside that safe home was a traitor .
te	10	As the colonel likes to remind us , they don 't consider us to be a threat .
te	7	With a final check , she climbed from the car and , keys in hand , dashed up the stairs .
te	5	Chapter 3 THE BASEMENT During the day , Liza liked the basement .
te	7	He opened his eyes and found himself in a strange new world .
te	7	Come in to his own , you might say .
te	8	" Woe there , little miss , let 's step it down a few volts , " he petitioned .
te	7	Another few hundred miles and then we hit the end of the road west ! "
te	7	' Darn , ' he said , shaking his head .
te	8	" I can believe you , it was a bad one , " he said , shaking his head .
te	7	Even if by some miracle we catch this person , it wouldn 't fix the larger issues .
te	11	He stretched , contorting his lanky frame in a futile effort to get his blood flowing .
te	10	He settled down for another night of watching ... biding his time ... .
te	11	' You may as well be I 've got everyone else 's names wrong . '
te	10	Most importantly she had been obvious in her admiration of him , it had been her best quality .
te	8	The cover of the barrels and crates provided some advantage in a firefight , but not enough for comfort .
te	6	He gets up , walks a few feet , enters the white tile bathroom , and locks the door .
te	5	His voice is smooth and low .
te	5	Relax , take a chill pill ! "
te	7	Sounds like the implant is working , " said Ben .
te	8	Two pistols on her hip and two large daggers on her waist , and she also carried a backpack .
te	11	As if he wouldn 't have gotten around to taking her from his brother eventually .
te	11	It made me smile to admit it .
te	11	A kick finds the hero 's stomach , every bit as brutal as it is sudden .
te	7	Without hesitating , Nathan took control of all the troops at his disposal .
te	6	Sarah poured the tea and mixed milk and sugar into two mugs .
te	11	It 's strange how they were quietly removed and seemingly without any fuss .
te	9	She was born in Arizona and has also lived in Pennsylvania , Illinois , Mexico , Ireland , and Spain .
te	10	He gestured behind him , checking their back trail as a matter of course .
te	5	" Your final question , Lord Jason , " the regent said .
te	9	He took a seat in the smaller of the two and let out a long , low sigh .
te	10	I had no idea how beautiful the girls were back in the sixteenth century ! "
te	10	The room filled with smoke but I opened window and waited about thirty seconds for it to clear .
te	5	" But TJ , Rachel , there are only two atoms .
te	7	" After all ; I know how hard it is . "
te	10	She remembered her dreams as it was , to some extent troubles her .
te	11	They mentioned your dancing prowess , and I can see now that those stories are more than true . "
te	7	In the boys ' room , Neil was also lost in a nightmare .
te	5	" Yes , he kinda is , " Sarah said .
te	11	Same nose , and she has this way of looking at you .
te	9	He had noticeably more grey at the temples than the last time Destro had seen him .
te	8	The Sage of Fire is dead , " he reveals , hanging his head with a somber sorrow .
te	5	" No , my wife died , " he returned softly .
te	10	When the boys below started yelling for help Missy gasped and Kevin smiled .
te	7	" Crystal Crier , " said Anna , wiping the oil and blood off her hands onto her pants .
te	9	She closed her eyes and felt in control of him , utterly and completely .
te	11	" You 're the one who barged in on me , you -- interfering oaf ! "
te	8	" You are thinking about your papa " stated Beppe .
te	9	Everything you say on the phone is recorded and analyzed .
te	8	I gasped , drawing oxygen deep into my hurting lungs .
te	6	His face was pale , his eyes haunted , but he gave her half a smile .
te	8	He closed his eyes , and thought about the move she had made .
te	9	" I would happen to be Napoleon Bonaparte !
te	11	One he wants me to take seriously ?
te	9	We ... er ... I was just keeping it out of the way while she fixed the cat .
te	9	" It was a set up to be sure , " Jason replies .
te	5	Beneath the words is a skull and crossbones symbol .
te	7	We outplayed him , and His Majesty fancies her , so that 's that . "
te	10	" Thank you Connor for bringing me here .
te	9	Landon felt an odd rush of pleasure -- so he does have emotions like a normal human .
te	9	Now let 's talk about that mad ass one man assault you conducted on a tank .
te	8	The bars shot up into the ceiling , leaving the hallway clear .
te	10	Trying to get on my head ? "
te	11	The store manager had a reputation for hassling kids who were loitering anywhere around the building .
te	9	They have lost something , or , they wish to find something . "
te	8	What none of us saw was the danger .
te	10	The whole manor felt eerie , as if the stones themselves were hostile to our presence .
te	7	" Not yet but we 've only just arrived .
te	6	How are you doing these days ? "
te	7	They 've replaced him with an imposter .
te	9	The hall was filled with the clatter of pounding feet .
te	9	There could have been children on that bus .
te	10	I made my way to the engine compartment and was delighted to find a late model Yanmar diesel .
te	9	" Think about what we are offering .
te	7	" Who saved room for desert ? "
te	8	Debating with himself , weighing both the pros and cons , he knew this was the best plan .
te	7	Exiting the stateroom , the men ambled toward the airship 's bar .
te	9	With a battle cry , I leaped at Jolie and landed right on top of him .
te	9	I am lying on a blanket outside the hovel .
te	10	Maybe it was a sign , a message meant for him , because who but he would touch this stone ?
te	6	' No , ' he muttered , ' it isn 't . '
te	8	" You know , the story about the dragonfly warrior and the wasp 's chessboard . "
te	9	" Never mind that , lad , always enough room at the table for a few more friends .
te	7	But who were the mounted men on his right ?
te	6	He tried the door , but it was closed .
te	6	The full moon was some days off yet , but its beauty still filled me .
te	11	There were groups of people standing around talking .
te	8	It did not matter how hard they were .
te	6	" Not sure , " Alexandra said , " Am I dead yet ? "
te	10	Both lakes come together at the dam and the locks at the top of the land between them .
te	10	" So you 've been busy destroying brain cells and avoiding sleep .
te	9	He was at least 6 feet tall , had bright blonde hair , and a physique like that of a boxer .
te	8	She griped all the way to the van about only having two hot dogs .
te	9	Michael and Ben didn 't stop talking for a second .
te	10	" Which load outs did you still have on you when you escaped ?
te	8	But when she walked into the shop , she was committing herself to the operation , for better or for worse .
te	7	He carried in both his hands , their interrogator : a long , rusty and overused chainsaw .
te	7	Mama is waiting for us .
te	9	" Majesty , " the person said , " we are working as quickly as we can .
te	11	Sometimes they would stay for two weeks at a time but we would have to keep it a big secret .
te	5	" Dex Foray , " I read the shiny white print aloud .
te	8	" I don 't think so , " I grunted , but his powerful grip steered me toward the small house .
te	10	The frayed jeans and hippie tunic she had on under the alpaca sweater were not doing anything to keep her warm .
te	8	She answers any specific questions but never volunteers anything ... ... ... certainly no casual chitchat .
te	9	I had chosen a subtle green accentuated with a hint of grey .
te	6	In the last thousand years , no one other than Ceara had ever used his real name .
te	8	But she thought he was dreamy and exciting .
te	7	Jimmy 's eyes rolled up in his head and he fell face forward , unconscious .
te	7	Finally , he sighed and rubbed a hand tiredly across his face .
te	8	Because this ship , the Lady Grace , was in far better shape than that one had been .
te	6	Ahead , in the pale moonlight , the summer palace rose up through the sky .
te	10	I 'll call ahead and tell her you 're coming . "
te	8	But still , that should cover the first year anyway , don 't you think ?
te	9	It all came to a disastrous ending , however , when Mike came home early and caught them .
te	7	" I could 've won this game . "
te	11	" I just like to know what sort of harbor I 'm dropping anchor in .
te	10	And that will ... what ? "
te	8	They were all armed with bows , war clubs and spears .
te	9	Daniel the Mouse sensed Glider 's approach in the orchard only after the Hawk had already passed overhead .
te	9	" Just drive , " he told the taxi driver , as he climbed into the back seat .
te	6	" You 're right , Jen , " said George , " but in this instance the money is the drugs !
te	9	He 'd been a fighter pilot before becoming an astronaut and mission commander .
te	10	The Bird -- Big Chick loved to drive birds ' cars .
te	9	Jimmy rebounded off the shirtless stranger , falling backwards to land roughly on his own bottom .
te	6	But , thanks to those of learning and foresight , Alex and David had full access to them now .
te	9	The mockingbird sang as they passed through the forest .
te	9	" Well it 's a shame that she isn 't here , " Durham commented .
te	10	Seconds later , I rose and started to run towards the canal .
te	5	A little something for your reading public , man , for the fans .
te	9	There was no billing requirement as each order had been pre-paid .
te	10	This whole idea of practicing flying THIS WAY appeared crazy .
te	7	" If you would just let me travel - " " We would never see you again .
te	6	So , two more to go , ' he murmured .
te	8	Every time I spoke to her you were off somewhere new . "
te	6	There doesn 't say but that car was stolen .
te	10	Bobby glared at Mike , who quickly got the message .
te	8	He 'd been laying down , his head in Josie 's lap .
te	8	" I will name you Midnight , " Hilda said , and hopped on her new steed .
te	6	Her smile broadened , " So you like it ? "
te	9	Easier than dealing with him .
te	10	Mark had again been reluctant to speak , but Josie wore him down .
te	11	I want to go to the Ozark and have a look for myself .
te	7	David turned to him and put his arm around him .
te	8	If presented correctly , we certainly would look the part of treacherous assassins .
te	6	Closing inner hatch , " a cheerful male voice crackles over the station channel .
te	10	One of them will make a mistake , and I want to be there in time to catch it .
te	8	I 'll go and see the Bishop myself a bit later . "
te	10	" Will you make a fire for me ? "
te	9	She stared at the data crowding the page for timeless seconds .
te	9	Jonesy was still enjoying himself and didn 't want to leave .
te	7	" They 're all in there . "
te	8	The backpack had cost $ 20 and was bought at Sears .
te	10	He didn 't know whether to be scared or amazed .
te	8	VIN headed back to Maggie 's shuttle and connected the rope 's other end to the connection port .
te	11	Those folks will know what to do with her . "
te	10	" We 're going to help them escape . "
te	7	Tiago swore and took a deep breath , smiling nervously .
te	10	Wasn 't there a little too much light coming from the direction of the kitchen door also ?
te	10	" Are you trying to be insulting ? "
te	7	" Alive scared rabbits , " she said , suddenly furious with him .
te	7	He raised his knife up and blocked the Priest 's swinging blade .
te	5	" But just like those Swiss jewelers , I have an exit strategy . "
te	9	Twenty kilometres away , Whisper saw the tracking marker disappear from his portable GPS device .
te	6	Behind it , out in the forest , another head rose up ... and another ... and still another .
te	7	Her nerves were beyond frayed , and her hands trembled on her lap .
te	11	They were lying just below the crest of a ridge overlooking the finca .
te	8	Both of us too busy pursuing careers to make a life together .
te	6	" Well , the sun 's up , " the girl said , " but that 's all . "
te	8	For the first time in a very long while , Alejo found himself struggling for words .
te	7	I retired by my own choice and it was the right decision .
te	5	Within ten feet they were virtually invisible .
te	8	One sip from the magic potion was all the proof Taylor needed .
te	7	" Tie her up and leave us alone , " her adopted brother ordered in the same foreign tongue .
te	11	" You know was I 've noticed ?
te	11	I just thought you two might prefer bunking together . "
te	9	I don 't care what he says , it sounds like stalking to me .
te	9	-- that is , to erm ... " she swallowed , waving one hand a little at her side .
te	11	I 'd offer to send them in too , but we 'd only get in your way .
te	7	The growths surrounding him were becoming more dense with each passing moment .
te	5	Behind closed doors , he was a complete dick .
te	9	And would he tell the Elders in Vale and have him taken by force ?
te	6	" How are we all doing today ?
te	7	" Do you see another option ? "
te	5	" My dear husband , I received a visitor yesterday .
te	9	I don 't know which is worse . "
te	9	A young woman appeared from a door on the right side of the room and slipped behind the counter .
te	6	An hour ago it didn 't matter , but now I was a princess .
te	5	You 're just his uncle , after all . "
te	11	I sat up in bed , not sure what it was I felt .
te	7	No one would miss or ever find him .
te	10	As John got closer to the counter of the restaurant he smelled an overwhelming assortment of aromas .
te	10	The camera clicked as each model struck group , couple or solo poses .
te	10	Chapter 3 What the Boys Discovered n their first day in the large house , Simon woke up early .
te	7	Instead she took a deep solemn breath , removed her fingers from the cup handle , and faced her father .
te	6	The large war party made its way through the forest , in a half run .
te	6	" This middle section of our new home is for our gardens and storage .
te	7	The wounds , he thought , were quite impressive , but now they had served their purpose .
te	9	They were more interested in the silver shuttle ready for inspection .
te	11	" You are needed here in order to get things organized . "
te	10	You gon na be okay with that ?
te	11	Pierre knew this was the woman for him , even if she was very young .
te	8	All the same , he meant to be cautious .
te	10	The sky had begun to turn light pink by that time .
te	10	I 'll have to sneak in there .
te	10	She seems to want to dance .
te	9	He lowered the pistol from his neck nodding at Susan as if he 'd figured something out .
te	8	We 're going to blow . "
te	9	" I don 't know that it 's the same thing . "
te	11	" Words rarely help me to express the things I feel , Adele . "
te	5	" But in the mundane world , doors always work the same way .
te	11	He said , " I can begin the guard as soon as you wish . "
te	6	" And incense , and drums , and reflecting pools . "
te	7	In that instant , illuminated through the fog , was the outline of the Lady Grace at full sail .
te	9	They 're going to be hip-hop .
te	6	The large table at one end , near the doors , still held all the big names in the school .
te	7	Chapter 56 The blast was a big one and it immediately got Aries ' attention .
te	8	They stumbled on the bleached bones of an old corpse .
te	9	Noah meandered over to say hi to the guys too , still carrying his Taylor guitar .
te	8	It 's too far from the creek to be muskrats .
te	5	The clothes , the time , the place , the line , the life : all a cover .
te	11	His great belly bulged , bending and swaying as he lumbered over each step .
te	11	He 'd taken off his now trademark green hat to let the wind whip back his shoulder-length hair .
te	10	He did just try to kill you , " Jeff remarked .
te	8	The chords circled around us , and within my chest , I could feel every vibration from the orchestra .
te	11	That meant preserving the ability to reattach the original price tag .
te	10	It was worth any risk to get him back .
te	8	Now that the dark one is out of the way , this will be much , much easier .
te	5	" I am not so sure .
te	7	He bent and picked up the golden coin with a single eye in the center .
te	6	" This guy dodged a few darts , but I hit him a few times , too .
te	6	With my eyes still closed , I take a step backward and then turn around .
te	7	This was getting stranger and stranger .
te	8	Only then , with the field properly set , did she open her soul to the power .
te	8	Many others know bits of information I have shared with you .
te	6	There was a little mud , from the cemetery , probably , on her beige high-heeled shoes .
te	9	Volunteering to replace it was the Pool of Tears .
te	8	He squeezed her in a sideways hug , " I 'm honored .
te	7	Sam carried Connie to the helicopter and strapped her in .
te	11	From that moment he 'd had a feeling of a future hurtling toward him .
te	10	" Come on , I 'm going to look for prawns . "
te	5	Her blue eyes , so bewildered and confused , so haunted , searched his face .
te	9	Rafe sought to keep his impatience in check .
te	7	It comprised of myself , Robbie McElroy , Brenner and Downer .
te	7	' That 's quite right ' I said , ' but I haven 't got one ' .
te	10	She could hear everybody getting up and coming to the bathroom .
te	9	' They 're great aren 't they ? '
te	8	Wolf Eyes gathered up his project , stood up and walked in a slow , tall motion to his house .
te	11	It did feel wrong to be going .
te	7	Mana couldn 't be dead , could she ?
te	10	He found out that the weapons weren 't going to the front .
te	8	With astonishing agility for something so large , it whirled and charged .
te	10	Chapter 39 I am awake and on my feet instantly .
te	8	" Just as I 'd feared , " she conveys , sympathizing with them .
te	9	Moments later , the crash of footsteps and the shouts of our pursuers rose behind us .
te	6	The band wrapped up the improvised song and Danny found a pen .
te	11	" We think your son-in-law has been infected with the parasite .
te	7	The big guy said , " See any guns or anything ? "
te	6	Ten coppers in a silver , five silvers in a gold , ten gold in a platinum .
te	7	He growled , raising one eyebrow .
te	8	" Of course not -- " Theodosia began , but Mr. Cantwell interrupted her .
te	8	All we can do is our jobs . "
te	7	All of them were carrying a backpack , the men had the supplies and Angelique had her clothes and personal items .
te	9	He would transfer the lead case into the new space station once it was built .
te	6	No pills , no huffing , no cocaine , no crack pipes - " " Oh my god Mom ! "
te	5	Right or wrong , these six numbers were our only hope .
te	6	John and his boys entered the surface access and replaced the entrance cover .
te	8	Knocking on the door and not getting any response he pushed open the door and walked into the room .
te	6	" Help you find something son , " a voice said .
te	7	As you have noticed , new cross-country electric cables reached the airfield last week .
te	8	" If your instructor was so good , he might not have gotten himself in such a tight spot . "
te	8	When he emerged from his seventh trip , the captain was more than satisfied .
te	10	They prefer inhabited places where they can beg for food from people .
te	10	I know I need to leave .
te	9	He kissed her on top of the head , then turned and left .
te	9	" I trust that will suffice , " Aries agreed .
te	11	he said , as he dug around in the smallest closet in France .
te	6	" I see ... did he have his sniper rifle with him ? "
te	7	" That may be a bit trickier . "
te	10	' Going overland undetected is going to be virtually impossible , ' continued the Bastian team leader .
te	11	" It 's because you 're dressed as a clown , Sweetie . "
te	11	' I could not bear to lose both of you . '
te	10	She was causing my heart to beat frantically .
te	7	" Don 't , " said Nathan catching her by the arm .
te	9	The hunch of his shoulders and shadows across his face made clear that he did , but he merely shrugged .
te	9	The sound of grinding metal pierced my ears , and tons of dust was thrown into the air clouding my vision .
te	11	Turning to Barney , Chris saw he had a smile on his face , but he also stared expectantly .
te	10	One person was missing , and I knew she 'd never ditch a staff meeting .
te	9	For some reason , I didn 't like the idea of Malcolm on a date with anyone else .
te	11	I am going to get grounded for sure .
te	11	It was obviously daytime as he could hear people talking and daylight was a glow through his eyelids .
te	7	His whole chest was numb ... ... he couldn 't feel anything .
te	8	Sending a UPS package of new engines or something ? "
te	11	I bought food I can cook for our dinner later .
te	9	Keno bolted up the trail and Kevin hollered at the older boys to look out .
te	5	" But he didn 't , " a mage finally said .
te	6	' I know , ' I muttered in the same neutral tone .
te	7	It looks nice ; let 's leave it at that , OK ? "
te	9	called Simon as he recommenced firing at the assassins .
te	9	Sure enough the rocks began to rain down and the lieutenant bellowed an order .
te	7	I heard a gasp ; Mercedes was smiling wildly now .
te	6	For Jack , at least on the water situation , things were looking up .
te	5	" In other words , that one is way , way worse . "
te	8	Connor politely smiled at the woman and picked up his bags stealthily maneuvering his way towards the women 's lavatory .
te	7	An image of a control room came up on the projection screen behind Jan but no astronauts were in sight .
te	5	It 's a new millennium , century , decade , year and month . "
te	11	" Let 's get Tom Kelly to put a heavy guard on the Moffett site . "
te	10	Otherwise , they would actually have to walk , or ride some ridiculous animal .
te	7	Shoulders to the gunwales , the brothers heaved the Raptor off the shingle and into the water .
te	6	Best of all , " she ends , " it has a screw top rather than a cork . "
te	7	In an instant , he slammed on his brakes and brought the old Buick to a quick halt .
te	7	Lady Adele was his bride , it mattered not if the arrangement suited .
te	6	" They 're just flirting , " Anna told her .
te	11	They were going to learn to compromise .
te	11	They are the change God demands when a king violates principles like the established social order . "
te	7	Head down , hands in his pockets , Spike was already plodding away through the snow .
te	6	Seconds later the old woman frowned , sighed softly and closed the door .
te	11	A new Army Commander is in control and by all accounts is ruthless .
te	11	A lot of listeners want to know about freedom of movement . "
te	11	It had been agreed to make war against the Creek village .
te	7	In the meantime , we 're trapped with over a thousand decomposing bodies .
te	8	He flew backwards , the white of his shirt dyed in crimson .
te	8	Something indefinable passed between the two young women , noticeable only in Mirai 's changed and unreadable expression .
te	7	So , other than Todd and the weekly grocery delivery no one ever came close to the house .
te	7	As Quartermaster Sergeant he had a lot of contact with local suppliers .
te	7	Sally walked over to her favorite light pole , relived herself , and then headed right back to the apartment door .
te	10	Mana got up and put one hand under his chin , tilting it up so his eyes met hers .
te	6	So we 'd shared a kiss .
te	7	We walked across the bridge and down the steps to the dock .
te	6	" My first day at camp , she knocked me on my ass for no reason . "
te	9	On my command , right gun first , then left , then alternate so we can adjust fire .
te	5	" Told ya , " Frankie said .
te	7	" Are you alright ? "
te	10	Did you make him forget ? "
te	11	Everything was left as they had found it and they slid down the east side of the hill into the darkness .
te	6	" What a nice man you are , " she said .
te	6	" Mmm , " Will said , with both the spoon and food still in his mouth .
te	9	" Didn 't it occur to you to call for help ? "
te	8	If the Devils closed on his party , enough energy for a sprint might be a deciding factor .
te	9	He felt around and found a big boulder by the side of the stream .
te	7	" The guy who just said g ' day to you . "
te	8	' There 's only one way to find out . '
te	7	" Can I ask who you are ? "
te	9	The next day , I was fresh but still angry ; an irritating state does not pass me that easily .
te	11	He knew it would be a much different journey in his present condition .
te	7	We killed two guys last night and God only knows how many civilians .
te	6	Words like murder , danger , blood , bullets , bat shit insane .
te	8	" We 'll take the body back to Lo 's lab . "
te	6	I cry in the shower .
te	10	" I said , " How in the hell did you swing something like that ? "
te	10	She walked slowly , and the gun pressing against her side in its shoulder holster gave her a tinge of comfort .
te	6	" Yes , I sort of rattle around in it on my own .
te	11	No sooner had they made themselves visible than they were immediately grabbed and bundled away below deck .
te	9	He raised his hands in submission , impressed despite himself .
te	7	Hands reached into the room from the outside and roughly grabbed him .
te	10	I knew a little about the art of cryptography from my previous involvement in wars over the last four centuries .
te	9	Are you heading back into town ? "
te	5	" Are you all right ? "
te	11	" Tell me , boy , what has happened to the High King . "
te	5	But then , in the distance , a star winked out .
te	5	New Israel , like the other national settlements , had a charged , explosive quality .
te	5	For the first time , I look around .
te	6	' No , he isn 't , ' Anna said with a frown .
te	11	He remembered that he had entered the lair through the Cathedral ... the Seeker 's headquarters must be enormous .
te	7	Mark held out his mug for a refill and then nodded to Cal .
te	9	Sophia didn 't know what to do .
te	10	She hated that she was attracted to him .
te	8	What does she need to do ?
te	6	The form of a Phantom was vaguely humanoid , mildly luminous and somewhat amorphous .
te	10	The masked man walked over to me leaving behind his very upset female friend .
te	8	" I left the Fortress nearly twenty years ago now , give or take a few , " the Exile said .
te	11	All I have to do is kill her , and her powers are gone . "
te	8	" It is not as much learned as felt .
te	10	A beautiful red rose was laid on her side .
te	7	Victor smiled faintly and turned to the Bastian Council members .
te	11	' Kenny , Brendon , I believe that may just work , well done .
te	11	He grabbed a set of high-powered binoculars from the same shelf then went out the front door .
te	7	" You 'll be leaving soon .
te	7	" I need your help , " he said when she answered .
te	11	It surprised her how normal he looked , this invading conqueror and Empire builder , this murderer .
te	7	" Well ... we played with them . "
te	8	The dress was awkward to her look due to its lengthy style and sparkling beads .
te	7	Turning into the wind , Melody silently made her way along the fence .
te	9	" I imagine it must be very painful .
te	7	He smiled kindly at her and she nodded her agreement .
te	6	" What , you don 't like them ? "
te	9	" You see , no need to worry about the water .
te	9	Moments later , the first bodies started to appear across the grounds .
te	9	The two combatants twisted and turned in the water , straining against each other .
te	10	" If I were to take anyone , it would be Abby . "
te	10	After four or five dances , Connor finally danced with a woman who spoke English .
te	10	A man like him did not belong in this world .
te	7	Inside the hospital , nurses and doctors were busily going about their daily routine .
te	9	" Please tell me that 's everything you need ? "
te	6	Our major difference to the NASA shuttles is our ion thruster drives .
te	7	" She did not die , no . "
te	6	At first whiff , it smelled like any other European city .
te	10	' You 're all to be bridesmaids , ' Elaine said .
te	7	* * * Being on the Presidential Cabinet made Mary Salter a leader of the Christian Caucus .
te	9	We 'll put up signs in the next few days warning folks about it . "
te	9	Even after this , friends found a way for him to escape with his life .
te	9	Seeing him , she bounced up and inspected him from head to toe without a jot of shame . "
te	6	" Actually I go by Alejo .
te	8	When the answer came to her , she gasped .
te	5	" What are you guys talking about ?
te	8	Ed chuckled and shook his head as Tim continued .
te	11	They carried various bundles , but most seemed to be traveling for a day trip to the city .
te	9	They were beyond the brush and into a soggy field within minutes .
te	9	Nothing could change what had happened .
te	11	That is what has to be believed .
te	7	Eventually the road parted from the tracks and the train disappeared from view .
te	7	My little leaf sparrow , Billy , took to the air and flitted about , reflected my nerves .
te	8	Large paintings hung on the walls , portraits of foreign royalty next to large landscapes .
te	8	" We don 't have any at the moment sir .
te	9	" I guess there won 't be a cake . "
te	8	I rolled out of the path of the swinging blade .
te	6	The man threw back his head and laughed , a terrible , gasping noise .
te	5	The high-end cat food , canned wild salmon and the good tuna fish .
te	9	His voice is low and sad and those lines are back , digging in around his mouth .
te	8	In addition to the heavy footfalls , Ted could hear breathing behind him now .
te	10	" It 's called ' Silat ' , " said George running his hand over the flat of her stomach .
te	9	If you messed with one , all came running to help .
te	11	At least a dozen stick fighters were warming up on the pitch where he sat .
te	6	All the girls , including Beth , now looked at each other in confusion .
te	11	Steve and Beppe quickly closed in , whilst throwing a barrage of punches at each other .
te	10	I know it had to hurt .
te	8	" Yes , and I need water .
te	6	Chapter 9 " I have been , " Seth Daily told me , " in a canoe twice . "
te	8	Annoying , to say the least .
te	10	We 've got to keep going . '
te	6	It was still a death sentence , but a slow one .
te	6	Behind him , on an elaborate gold plinth , was Andy 's Talisman .
te	9	Tumbling back to the ground in two halves , the zombie has finally met his end .
te	6	" This is stupid , " I tell Gabe .
te	6	After coffees and champagne toasts , the staff ushered the wedding party out of the dining room .
te	6	He nodded , his mouth dry , and his tongue ran over his lips nervously .
te	11	I 'd swear Fuchs isn 't right in the head . "
te	10	Taylor shut down the airplane in reverse order of startup and climbed out of the cockpit .
te	6	She couldn 't know -- or could she ?
te	6	In fact , she would be a young lady .
te	8	Every few minutes VIN would detach the bag and empty it into a canister .
te	9	He responds , hopping back a step and remaining on guard .
te	11	It must have been the vehicle that was closest .
te	9	' It 's a distressing habit of yours , ' my partner continued as we carried on up the steps .
te	6	" Turn it on , " she ordered .
te	8	" I thought we were friends . "
te	9	Where veterans go to socialize .
te	8	Set in the Black Ships universe , this story can be read before or after book one .
te	5	Did my dad ask you over again ? "
te	5	" Yes , sir , " said Beau .
te	8	Inside , the late evening light poured in through a cupola above the main staircase .
te	6	" You 're coming back .
te	7	" We 'll be safe from the snakes here , anyhow . "
te	6	" Mama and Papa were doing more , then ? "
te	6	All the shady parts of town had back alleys , dingy doorsteps , vagrants , hookers , and gang activity .
te	8	She let her hair fall in a curtain , obscuring her view , and revved the engine .
te	5	And Mama , Natalie and Sophia suffered a great deal .
te	6	I can 't even grow a beard ! "
te	6	The local gang as well as the local people still alive all headed either east or west .
te	7	With both hands on his chest , I pushed him away and broke the spell .
te	7	He honestly did not perceive anything different or strange about the kids in the park today .
te	9	An attack was promptly launched by Arab nations on Israel .
te	8	The majesty and overwhelming power of such a land continues to stagger my mind .
te	8	When they finally made it to the house they crashed in with no regard of the noise .
te	5	The medicine woman confirmed my suspicions today .
te	8	The wind was in his face , cooling him and invigorating his soul .
te	9	But not the cold-hearted , sneaky kind who worked for profit .
te	9	" ... wouldn 't stop coughing , right by the Number Three speaker .
te	8	" You hate me for keeping you here . "
te	9	Tristan began to form ice crystals on his wide-open palm .
te	8	Banshee fist pumped her excitement at the assignment , while Cutlass nodded her acknowledgement .
te	8	A couple of the guys came and said thanks before they disembarked .
te	10	We have decided to move to Australia . "
te	6	Still gripping the knob firmly , the kid twisted his wrist .
te	7	In the blink of an eye the cousins had dissolved into the evening gloom .
te	8	' They 're walking to the cars , ' came the reply .
te	7	I thank you , and the people of Beltane , thank you . "
te	6	I 'll run the other .
te	11	The stranger turned to face Jimmy , a curious look on his face .
te	6	Indeed , the smirk hadn 't left his face .
te	6	" Fine , don 't come , " Cricket punched his own hand again .
te	5	" That 's a little bit freaky . "
te	7	I pull the lock back slowly on the window and catch it behind my hand .
te	7	He brushed green and gold pastry bits from his fingers onto his spotless kaftan .
te	7	Mana looked at her pupil sternly , but her voice quivered with amusement .
te	6	He leaned forward again , but did not reply .
te	10	She didn 't notice that Stacy came in the room .
te	6	I pad down the steps into a seat , on the front row .
te	10	That 's the only reason I didn 't kill you then and there .
te	8	With the body of a large cat and the most beautiful wings , their form was magnificent and mysterious .
te	9	And , of course , it was much easier to leave things as they were .
te	8	Callum gave an approving nod towards the man 's choice in whiskey as he answered .
te	11	Deep in thought , he doesn 't notice his mistress emerge from the bedroom behind the throne .
te	10	I laughed and not in a jokey sort of way , then winced as pain shot through my leg .
te	8	Finan lifted his hand , demanding silence , and stared out into the milky whiteness .
te	8	" You 're fine now , your Majesty , " she said , misinterpreting the message as anger .
te	7	I caught a glimpse of a bulletproof vest beneath it .
te	7	" You 're strong , " he told her and drove them back against the other wall .
te	8	Mark looked over at his wife , worry on his face .
te	8	" And now I have given so freely of my great acumen , I will leave you . "
te	6	Then , with a deep breath , he stretched his body through the hole .
te	10	You can get a good picture of conditions down there bring back the facts and make recommendations .
te	6	We 'll leave very early Saturday morning .
te	11	" One thing I 've been meaning to tell you sir , since Neo Utopia . "
te	9	Abby rummaged through her bag and handed him a clear baggie perfect for the job .
te	7	' It 's a mining map of the area .
te	6	" That bear 's being awfully damned selective . "
te	6	It was a shrunken mass , the skin was taut and my ribs nearly overlapped it .
te	9	I guess I developed a taste for it . "
te	8	" And why are you worry about me after all ?
te	8	Then it occurred to him what her answer meant : packing up , and no privacy until nightfall .
te	6	" No , I must -- " A sudden , rattling yawn shook him .
te	5	" It 's that way , right ? "
te	10	" May I please see that piece of paper you 're holding ? "
te	10	The people who were not supporters of Black Scorpion had a name for this group .
te	9	For a second , his blue eyes glistened brightly in the light filtering through the glass atrium overhead .
te	11	I glimpsed a pale light fading around a corner at the end of the passage on the far right .
te	9	" Tell us how you got out of the caves .
te	11	Frank made a subtle hand gesture to the contractor , asking him for a moment as he turned to Chuck .
te	6	" Good morning , Angela , " a strict , male voice with an English accent called over a concealed speaker .
te	6	I made no sound , but the pain was just as intense .
te	8	They greeted the driver by name , and he gave one or two of them a high five .
te	5	" Um , well , before the Unity Act , The United States and Canada were two separate countries .
te	8	Are there any other stairways to the outside ? "
te	10	He could almost taste victory , when explosions suddenly ripped his troops apart .
te	8	Immediately after the Yoyo device was thrown , two small plastic blades unfolded outwards giving greater stability during its flight .
te	10	Many superstitious criminals referred to Shadow as " the death 's messenger " .
te	8	After numerous attacks made by the " traitor " , Natalie gave up fighting , handed in her resignation and left .
te	10	asked Finan , calmly bending to the child 's height and taking a strong grip on his shoulders .
te	11	Diana is smiling softly and ducking her head to avoid the camera .
te	5	Only the bridge , the path , and the track beyond .
te	10	Then I 'd retreat to the school for a warm bath and hot soup .
te	8	Blood dripped down his wounded arm as he took aim .
te	6	The ceremonial participants preceded the bride and groom into the hall in a stately procession .
te	5	" Everywhere , always , there is fresh dissent and division . "
te	9	" She 'll be on the move in the morning ... .
te	9	I have lived under Harald 's protection too long .
te	10	" We 're going to be moved tomorrow .
te	10	He asks , finally noticing the gargantuan tree at the center of a vast clearing .
te	8	Pleased to meet you . "
te	10	Do you have to ? "
te	8	Her struggles rapidly weakened and her arms and legs became still .
te	9	I have a short passage cued up for you , John .
te	11	The limited resources he had were acquired by those in work who supported his cause .
te	6	" Creatures of the Old World , " Sam repeated with profound fear in his eyes .
te	9	CHAPTER FIFTEEN Soon after the incident , Brand retreated to his room and plucked at his lute forlornly .
te	7	" Oh thank goodness , " Miss Julie said when she saw the seventh egg .
te	8	As far as anyone knew , she had appeared out of nowhere and become Miriam 's governess .
te	7	" Good-bye for the present , Neil and Simon .
te	6	One warm morning Hailey saw the Hawk fly from the orchard .
te	10	Trying to drive me crazy ? "
te	7	Even through all the blood he was still smiling ; is this the face of evil ?
te	8	My dear friend , It is with much regret that I pen this letter .
te	9	Quite soft and , he noticed , there was a sweet scent wafting upwards .
te	6	I spoke to my good friends at NASA just last week .
te	10	he looked and felt beaten ... . .
te	5	" Fine , " the class answered much happier this time .
te	10	She turned to grin at his queasy expression , but he looked positively green .
te	6	" Richard Small did a background check , " Sophia continued , " And then he contacted you . "
te	8	he asked , walking back into the great room .
te	6	" A few weeks ago , I read the article in the paper , there .
te	9	" I guess that I have been great .
te	9	Broke a company record actually , but who 's counting . "
te	9	She had to keep moving .
te	10	She flicked through the results , absorbing the reports as fast as she could .
te	9	He tried to regain his old self but his heart was seemed tired of pretending .
te	9	Her heart starts to beat rapidly and she gasps for breath .
te	11	Travis looked concerned , " What is it , Juan ? "
te	8	He was afraid that , as tired as he was , he would fall and break his leg .
te	6	Still , neither Matthew nor the adults took their eyes from the beasts for several heartbeats .
te	10	This layer will keep any internal heat from dissipating into space .
te	11	Cuz I have to find her .
te	10	He looks at his daughter who returns a bright smile .
te	10	" Hey , do you suppose you could find me a healer ? "
te	10	Rafe laughed , an explosion of sound that made her jump , she felt Eda grip her arm with a start .
te	6	Only his eldest brothers and sisters remembered their father much at all , and those memories were fading .
te	9	When they finally arrived and got out of the school they heard somebody yelling after them .
te	8	For my sake , the bus interrupted Laurence 's talking and we went straight to it , climbing inside .
te	8	The driver opened his mouth to speak .
te	10	But still the crowds stayed , fixed eerily in place behind the police line , silent .
te	10	He must know she could call the police .
te	9	It was the next morning when they spotted the invasion force .
te	7	" Your dad 's right , Riki , " he said .
te	9	" Oh my dear daughter , you have been taken by the enemy , the accursed Turk !
te	8	" That 's why Mr. Fletcher sent us . "
te	10	" Toby , we must leave now , they are trying to blow up the building , " Ahmad said .
te	11	Cal had slipped away and gone home before the camera crews could show up .
te	6	" I am not a boy , " Brand said .
te	9	Like lightening she was across the space between them and swiped him across the ear with the heavy automatic pistol .
te	7	She was beautiful twenty years ago and she was still beautiful .
te	8	He hears a woman 's voice softly calling , but he cannot make out the words .
te	10	She rose quickly once his feet trailed off into the distance and faded from her hearing .
te	10	Jane knelt to gather up the sheets of paper .
te	9	Julie looked ashamed after saying that .
te	7	For an hour Whisper sat in his room contemplating the last two e-mails .
te	11	' Do you have some time to spare ? '
te	6	Sitting next to the coffee maker .
te	8	" Uh ... nice to meet you , " he replied with as much indifference as he could muster .
te	8	" That kid has more guts than anyone I know . "
te	5	Maybe the baby 's mother wants the thermometer back .
te	8	" Roberto , I trust you are well ? "
te	7	He calmly walked across the colorful mosaics on the tiles and stood toe to toe with him .
te	10	He braced himself against the jiggling and noticed a series of footprints appear and disappear in the blue dust below .
te	9	" They haven 't left anything to go on at all .
te	9	Only sleep would bring the blessed unconsciousness she craved .
te	6	Real magic is as bright and clean as this , And just as simple .
te	9	She sat down with a hard thump in the snow beside the now still bag and burst into tears .
te	7	Giving it up , Riki threw the bread into the cage , sat back , and folded her arms .
te	10	We probably should have done it before I took a shower though . "
te	9	The prickly ends remind me that this is real , but I don 't really need any more convincing .
te	7	and headed for the door .
te	10	It 's as easy as burning them out of your eyes .
te	9	They started revolting against the Satan until ... " " One second . "
te	8	She remembered his words and repeated to herself , He loves me .
te	8	My empress has made me strong ; she has made us all strong .
te	8	" It shall be as you command . "
te	6	The phone on the pillow next to her face remained stubbornly still .
te	6	" Killed him , " I say .
te	6	From his eyes and hands , the colors of the rainbow poured out in utter contempt for death .
te	11	Blonde girl , used to barmaid at The Peaks ? '
te	10	Well I guess I made a lucky choice " Beppe lied .
te	6	He had some size , though , didn 't he ? "
te	7	He looked at Neil and Miriam and smiled .
te	10	Who 's going to ride Missile now ?
te	11	I hope you will understand everything going on .
te	6	Two wet holes in her black overcoat steamed in the cold air .
te	8	Have Phillip 's body brought to the palace , and arrange an honor guard for the occasion .
te	11	This spurred him onwards with his pace picking up considerably .
te	9	Connor tried to wake himself up and focus .
te	11	I have a hard time believing it formed in a spiral without some help , " Abby asked further .
te	7	A young sailor moved closer to the captain and his men .
te	7	Then he picked up the long , curving artifact labeled Stem .
te	7	" Well done , " he heard the second voice say .
te	7	" Oh , of course , " Lilly Grace added apologetically , " the answer was , ' Thought . '
te	7	He just wanted to forget .
te	7	A loud rap on the window startled the two women , and Nelly gave a faint shriek .
te	11	He tried to protect her the best he could .
te	8	He grabbed his pack off the coat hook and did a quick check of his gear .
te	5	" Eda , stop it . "
te	7	I pull out a pack of white cotton full coverage underwear .
te	5	But now , with herself , things felt so utterly different .
te	8	The plastic bottle flexed in the man 's hand and he seemed taken aback .
te	9	" So are we walking the wall today or are you ticking this box as done and moving on ? "
te	11	And I had no idea why or what he was mixed up in .
te	7	Now , I just need some sort of proof . "
te	9	Fallen eucalyptus leaves perfumed the air as his sandals crushed them into the ground .
te	6	Calling it a company was almost laughable at this point .
te	11	I excused myself from the table , needing to be alone .
te	5	The leaves and ferns brushed my face and arms .
te	5	" You fight and win , you lead ... or you die . "
te	11	The shark continued to thrash violently in the cloud of blood .
te	11	The gray fog started to creep across his field of view again .
te	10	His chest swelled under her head , her hair fanning over his body , covering them like a blanket .
te	7	Cade said , reading over it .
te	6	Hank blurted , completely losing his train of thought , " Why ? "
te	11	Or was it every step that took her away from the body of the man she had slain ?
te	8	" Are you angry at me ? "
te	10	Who is going to believe that ?
te	6	" How would they make a soccer ball ? "
te	6	And have our gypsy friends bring the old man with us . "
te	8	Anyhow , my father is re-married and my brothers are happy in America . "
te	8	Altitude 4,900 feet , speed 260 knots and she 's gliding well , one mile from target .
te	6	Not long and a lively fire radiated cozy warmth into the dusk .
te	7	But I can 't think , not really .
te	8	He swallowed again and pressed himself tightly into the corner .
te	7	That was what I needed .
te	9	I said , " Just a second let me get a robe on . "
te	9	Ted paused to inhale deeply through his nose .
te	11	From what little he 'd heard , he gathered that Carter had pictured herself shaping its ethic .
te	9	The superhuman part , I guess I can see it .
te	7	He needed a shave and a shower but couldn 't be bothered .
te	6	So Marco 's brothers and sisters didn 't necessarily have the same father .
te	11	There had to be several thousand attendees and they all seemed to be cheering for him .
te	9	So when you left , I knew that he would make his move .
te	11	It was clear she was raised human .
te	8	Fortunately , beams from the distant streetlight shone through the door , lighting up about a four square foot area .
te	5	" Around 600 A.D. , give or take a few years . "
te	6	The two men walked onto the beach and approached the six huddled people .
te	8	They had approached the building from the rear and they left the same way .
te	11	Kevin and Keno zigzagged until they rounded the last bend and opened up speed on the wide straightaway .
te	7	Now , the numbness came from ... he didn 't know what .
te	5	And right now , for that little display earlier , you deserve punishment . "
te	10	Chapter Four : The First Ray of Sunlight The Prince felt chills run up his back .
te	10	" Slept well , I hope , and ready to fill your brains with matter ?
te	11	He told of the ambush and gave a rough estimate of where that church had been .
te	10	She couldn 't believe that people treated others that way .
te	8	I 'd hoped for some comfort food like cupcakes or homemade chocolate chip cookies .
te	6	Only a serious injury could cause that much blood .
te	10	Brendan rubbed his hands along his jeans and refused to look at Finn .
te	11	Many have tried to do what you did .
te	11	Unlike most men Katherine met Justin had taken a vow of celibacy .
te	6	Apparently undeterred , within minutes the attacking army came at them yet again .
te	10	Smoke billowed out of the hole from which Harry had emerged .
te	8	" You obviously can 't do anything at all by yourself , " she said in a calm voice .
te	7	He swayed on his feet , his eyes bloodshot .
te	11	Paul knew he had to hold it together .
te	9	Fast enough to catch Skye .
te	9	Setting the captain and his men free for a get out of jail free card ... he smirked .
te	10	Chris had no idea what he was talking about and didn 't care to ask .
te	10	' What I would like you to do is deliver a message .
te	7	" At times like this I often sit out here and have a drink or two .
te	10	So badly did she want to believe it , her heart literally ached in her chest .
te	9	How to go to sleep ?
te	8	As the boys started a third round on them , a voice came over their headsets .
te	7	She wouldn 't go back there , " he counters .
te	8	Gabe stands up and leans against the wooden beam supporting the overhang .
te	10	Conversations mostly remained about the locations Candice should visit when in Italy .
te	6	" Hi brother , " a young woman said behind him .
te	8	" Oh , well , just wait until you meet her .
te	9	It felt like being in a vintage parade .
te	9	The Prince ached as he had never ached before .
te	5	Come on , let 's go and leave Hunter and Lorrie alone . "
te	10	Are you fucking kidding me ? "
te	10	" There is a mark on the side of his neck , " the healer explained .
te	6	The second man let out a low , rich chuckle .
te	6	" Alfred is a bad man , " said Toby .
te	11	Jennie took his hand and turned to him , tears shining in her eyes .
te	10	Missy 's dad had died when she was four , but he had grown up coming here .
te	8	Pedro came over to them , climbing over the lifeless body , and reached for his sister .
te	5	Lonnie picked up a riding crop .
te	9	A gift that had been stolen from her , and she badly wanted it back .
te	9	" Warrior , we don 't have time for this , " Lisa warns with a sigh .
te	7	His eyes misted over and the man stepped forward and gave him a bear hug .
te	5	' Victor called , ' said the tech .
te	11	He is supposed to take care of that .
te	10	So , he smiled and nodded and pretended to listen to their conversation .
te	11	They used hearths made of special bricks to cook their meals .
te	7	Of course Mrs. Pond and all her people went to court but they could get nowhere .
te	7	" His name isn 't Harry , " replied the Commander , " it 's Ronan Flaherty .
te	8	When she began , the only strength she possessed was in her legs -- from the ballet , Alex guessed .
te	6	For a long moment , the young officer and the little Polish Jew shared a pregnant silence and appraised one another .
te	8	" The passes are probably under watch , anyhow , " he said .
te	9	Now , if I 'd had half a head on my shoulders , that woulda been the end of it .
te	7	He stopped at the doorway and offered one more parting comment .
te	9	Jimmy finished closing up the tailgate of his truck .
te	10	It was such an honor that the Khan had thought of him for this job .
te	5	" Of course , Doctor Hartman , " Valerie agrees dreamily .
te	7	Where Rangers actively fight the Empire , Rogues do so passively .
te	5	" No , they 're the ultimate killing machine . "
te	8	" You will be remembered as a fool .
te	11	He made his way to the cave , where he expected to find shelter and subsistence .
te	7	" Here we go again , " interjected VIN , hearing all this rank stuff for the second time .
te	11	World Governments set about developing new weapons , computer systems , and methods to infiltrate other countries . "
te	9	The art student nodded toward the amateur spies as one of them crossed the room .
te	8	All three zombies lunged at Joe again , but one of them was a bit ahead of the other two .
te	8	Mana stared at her with her eyebrows raised , and Miriam finally dropped her eyes again .
te	9	" Is that what you did with Walter Beale ? "
te	7	" I always listen to sense , " stated the man at the table , grinning .
te	8	Keeping to the pitch black shadows , I jogged around the side of the house .
te	11	I would doubt though that they 've considered themselves at risk .
te	7	My spy hat slipped , and I pushed it back into place .
te	6	The moon , now waxing round , filled the eastern sky with a pale cold sheen .
te	7	Perhaps publicity was exactly what they needed .
te	8	Soon the Earth was beneath them , the sun had gone down behind the horizon and evening was drawing in .
te	9	Rescue teams were starting to find survivors .
te	7	There was no doubt about that now .
te	10	His heart broke a little more as he gazed down at the little boy .
te	7	" Trust me , you 're getting the better deal , " he says .
te	10	This is the second time he 's said that to me today .
te	9	If I didn 't know better I would swear someone threw a rock . "
te	5	Ahh , the thorns , he smiled .
te	8	Everyone owned everything and there was nothing out of the government 's control .
te	9	He turned and saw Adele regarding him , wide eyed and unperturbed .
te	7	Neither sex nor condition was considered by the maddened combatants .
te	5	He was a scientist . "
te	8	Me , I created exits -- - along with reasons why we needed exits .
te	10	Then we 'd spent the next week eating nothing but celery to lose the extra weight .
te	8	He suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
te	6	" That works , " Jim agreed , " So what is my job now ? "
te	10	As soon as the furniture and appliances are delivered you 'll be able to move in .
te	9	Privacy would be lacking , but they would be warm in the winter .
te	7	She swallowed , composed herself .
te	10	Firstly we need to lead our pursuers away from here .
te	9	Beppe decided to treat Simon to a three course meal .
te	6	" I 'm not a princess , and my life is hardly a fairy tale . "
te	9	Silence reigned between us as God 's song , the wind , rustled each leaf .
te	11	We will need to get moving soon . "
te	8	His strong grasp yanked the poor woman from the bed , hauling her before him like a shield .
te	8	" Time to go ! "
te	6	Tie 's probably too tight , he thought .
te	9	An ancient outpost had been caught off-guard by the humans they 'd been sent to scout .
te	9	" She 's cute but getting under Jeff 's skin was even more fun . "
te	6	" The back - " At that moment , the front door splintered open and Sime charged into the room .
te	11	Control and power is what we 're talking about here , not whether I am Mother Teresa .
te	5	His only apparel the wig , implants and a dirtied white feather boa .
te	7	He couldn 't locate his head gear , night vision , or his weapon .
te	6	We passed the carriage , and despite myself , I looked inside .
te	10	" I 've been thinking a lot about that myself , " answered Nathan .
te	6	I heard the men talking .
te	9	Hungry and in pain from the wound , Noah fell asleep for the night .
te	10	Noah was much more athletic than he had been last spring .
te	9	He stopped in front of me and put out his hand .
te	6	Suddenly the odour hanging in the air made sense to Andy .
te	11	He still didn 't know what to make of her .
te	10	Scarlett realized she was envious of him .
te	7	Can 't you bring out its power ? "
te	11	" That 's fine , " Noah said , willing to shell out the few dollars more .
te	6	Her big , round eyes opened widely with awe .
te	8	" I took advantage of his confusion and jumped on him and snapped his neck like a twig . "
te	6	But during the project , the civil war broke out and current regime lost its stand .
te	9	He was pleased with himself at keeping up .
te	10	Now that he was looking , he could see the waves lapping of the sides of the invisible vessel .
te	11	It was a satisfying ache ; the pain of a body pushed to its limits .
te	10	Chris looked up , shielding his eyes from the sun with one hand .
te	11	She pulled up her skirts to free her legs .
te	7	From above somewhere , the bell continued to clang .
te	9	God performed many miracles in order to win their freedom .
te	8	He stepped outside and turned north toward the field .
te	9	He was about to give up the chase .
te	10	We give most men the option of banishment from the JP , but no one has chosen that yet .
te	10	Scott asked as they turned off on the forestry road and headed east .
te	8	The other junior priests left into the temple ; apparently they had grown bored of the conversation .
te	10	I think we have a spy in our midst . "
te	8	Yet he had nothing , just the strange behaviour that their pursuers were exhibiting .
te	6	" I don 't know , Oliver , this is all so sudden , " I shifted in my seat .
te	11	On to another subject ; what the heck is up with gravity ?
te	7	I turned the key in the ignition and pulled out of the car park .
te	10	" I heard the Kiwi Experience wasn 't as good as the Magic Bus . "
te	8	Three or four other crewmen were there too , either waiting their turn or giving Billy support .
te	6	Her eyes were brown , and her face , though pretty , looked too human .
te	7	She saw the doctor and Robert turn towards the sound , their matching frowns deepening .
te	7	Again , the small girl stood her ground , arm extended toward the house , directing him .
te	11	And how scared you are for her .
te	6	The great weight of the African giants sent the pile , flames and all , scattering .
te	10	If Jacob were alive , I think you may have broken his heart .
te	7	" You can 't keep me in here . "
te	7	Unsurprisingly , Cade thought even less of the exiles than Elaina did .
te	9	Word on the street is you speak Quechua like a native . "
te	7	Chapter 2 The Private Space Race Ryan Richmond was a successful man in his early forties .
te	7	-- Howard Pyle Chapter Fifteen ~ Summer flew by , as only summers can .
te	11	" I prefer to say that I liberated them .
te	6	By then , I was already halfway across the floor .
te	11	There was something soothing about being out on the water .
te	6	" We know and we 're really , really , really sorry .
te	7	Finally , the attendant gave up and , together with the other , left the platform .
te	8	I stepped out of the vehicle , squinting against the glare .
te	7	I need five men , yourself plus four more .
te	6	Choosing the easiest route , the sympathetic husband 's palms moved up and down his woeful wife 's arms .
te	8	He dimly remembered being a Colonel , but not getting promoted .
te	9	" Well , it could be a little better but , aye , it sounds like he 's alive . "
te	6	Turning his head he said , ' A coffee will sort me out . '
te	6	The receptionist listened politely , asked her name , made a telephone call , and offered her a seat .
te	9	As in no signs of people living there .
te	8	All Michael 's ideas about the spring came pouring out of him like a torrent .
te	8	" In the countryside , a lot of women told me that their sons have disappeared . "
te	5	" Apologies , my lord , " she answered him respectfully .
te	9	The thought that it would be stolen was unthinkable and out of the question .
te	8	I threw open the bar locking it , and heaved on the handle , drawing the door open .
te	11	Kids call me " Morning " as a nickname ' cause my initials are A.M. .
te	9	Reluctant to give it up , Elaina memorized the figures at the gate .
te	6	He clapped his hands together in appreciation .
te	9	The deer took up like a rocket and soon left me out of breath and alone .
te	10	Adolf was close to bursting with fury .
te	9	" I was lucky to find such a gem . "
te	7	The reddish rays of sunshine , playing in her brown and easy curly hair .
te	7	Donovan looked at her fiercely and spoke in a low voice .
te	5	Behind the hostel the gardens stretched down the hillside .
te	7	Kurt drew in a breath and paused .
te	6	His glasses slid down his nose again , and he gave them an angry shove .
te	9	" I can help you find your brother , " Andy said with as much courage as he could muster . "
te	5	" At the beginning , but not until you 're ready . "
te	5	His mouth was bone dry .
te	10	It seemed as though in the blink of an eye he was now gone .
te	7	Those creatures were his kind , the cities were his cities , and that noise was his people 's tongue .
te	7	The heat is overwhelming , and now he must make his choice .
te	6	We tracked it to a hotel in the desert .
te	6	His young adviser , Skull ... A Royal Wizard took over the throne .
te	8	Her mother said , " Young lady pick those up and put them back . "
te	8	For my part , I stood , tucking the accusing newspaper under my arm .
te	11	" Get on out of it , " he snarled , pretending to lunge at her .
te	9	There was a reorganization at the Department of Kittens and Puppies . "
te	8	It had been horrific ; way over two hundred million Americans had perished in the initial Collapse .
te	7	Chris caught only snatches of their conversation .
te	9	" So far I have counted several items of jewellery , numerous bolts of material , and furs without number ! "
te	9	Thank you very much for the lift , sir .
te	7	She immediately pulled on the oars and lined the raft perfectly for the small rapid ahead .
te	7	" The Creeks are very active , they may be on heavy guard . "
te	6	By the time the ninja deduces his goals , it is too late .
te	6	" Good afternoon , Captain Powers , " stated the four-star general from the rear seat next to her .
te	8	He soon began sharing and shaping these stories ; writing quickly followed .
te	5	" Sean , you wouldn 't ... " " Sure I would . "
te	11	Gregory was confirmed to be out of danger .
te	8	The gypsy woman continued to follow her .
te	7	Bron had always wondered why .
te	9	Claire scrambled forwards , not waiting for the guide 's offered hand .
te	6	Monday 24th October 1983 Early on a chilly Monday the girls flew from England .
te	10	' Yes , ' I said , struggling to maintain my composure .
te	9	I 'm too nervous to be quiet .
te	5	On closer examination , the illusion breaks down revealing bushes and trees .
te	7	He focused in on the shadows again and quickly found the bear .
te	8	The total came to thirteen Euros .
te	11	He used French , despite the earlier decision to use Swiss Italian for all radio communication while in Paris .
te	6	On the tree there were several lanterns , each lit with a different color flame .
te	9	he looked at Abby as if she stabbed him in the back .
te	7	What would Ryan think of me ?
te	8	After that , he found stray dogs , grilled them and forced us to eat .
te	7	" Where do we go from here ? "
te	11	He was splashing around like he was after a fish , and the hunting party closed the distance .
te	8	" He 's making his move tonight , isn 't he ? "
te	6	Rafe 's face twisted into a bitter smile .
te	8	We had only the plants around us to eat .
te	6	My gaze shifted to the bound man on the couch .
te	6	Echo reached out to the sleeping traveler inside .
te	10	Now , my chin rises up to the bar easily as if my body were filled with hollow bird bones .
te	8	They 'd row the last few hundred yards , Chris realized .
te	8	I hoped she was right .
te	9	She remembered having to know .
te	7	The breeze hugged us , pulling us closer together .
te	9	Now she could see that the door was ajar .
te	11	But the Cimmerian wheeled in time to receive the buffet on the side of her neck instead .
te	7	" Just because I won a scholarship , " Neil said .
te	9	Claire turned her attention to the slow moving car in front and cursed her unruly mouth .
te	7	" They 've split up now , that was one of the contingencies .
te	7	Quietly , she murmured her praise for my tale , but paused , collecting her courage once more .
te	11	" Which is why we have come to you , " said Reggie .
te	10	Poor management decisions alone are left to account for International Harvesters demise .
te	6	His voice cracked a little , and Alejo felt his shoulders tense .
te	8	So I kept them , opened a credit card in his name and wired over the money owed . "
te	9	Halfway along the street stood one of the oldest pubs in the city .
te	7	" So why the hell did you pick my son as a travelling partner ?
te	10	I put a finger to my cheek and feel the imprint of the carpet fibers on my skin .
te	7	Whoever owned this island knew what the term top shelf meant . "
te	6	" One of those sly , slinking , filthy little creatures .
te	7	He would loiter by the stables .
te	9	" Howdy boys , " Josh Logan called as he unfolded himself from the squad .
te	9	" Look , " he said , " let 's just climb up and scout out the territory a bit .
te	10	He murmured and showed her again the web of the Element that made the drop .
te	11	" These two have promised to go easy on me , considering my ' condition ' . "
te	6	" No , but the rabbits ... " " Fine , give ' em ta Summer .
te	10	" I 'm not talking about you being drenched , and you know it .
te	8	David had been destined for this role .
te	10	The feelings I have for her are growing daily .
te	6	" You 're absolutely right , darling , I know that .
te	9	" Because perfection implies superiority and the Heaven 's designed us to subjugate the inferior . "
te	10	You have to choose one of us .
te	9	His eyes were glassy and a small undulating mass of blood clung to an ugly gash in his neck .
te	10	He threw it ahead of him so that he could ride over it and smash it .
te	7	" You can 't stay here , " he said .
te	9	" Pull the table over I want Ronan to look at some stuff . "
te	7	John sat down on his bed and turned his face away from the Adventurous .
te	10	Chapter Eight She wanted to hide .
te	8	The man puts his hand , palm forward , against Ryan 's chest .
te	11	I stumbled over the pavement unbalanced from the force of his shove .
te	11	He swore when the katana carved a deep cut on the underside of his arm .
te	7	One group was captured and tortured , and eventually told them about the Talisman .
te	7	Callum smiled and cocked his head to the side as if considering his response .
te	6	" What is your business here , sir ? "
te	6	" Grand didn 't know , " my voice cracks .
te	10	Trying to get yourself killed ? "
te	8	He puffed out breaths while cracking his knuckles .
te	6	Immediately she raised her voice in anger .
te	5	The boat floated , the motor started , the refrigerator worked , and the sail winches functioned .
te	7	Ron Gurney actually lives here in Hereford ... George lives down in Eaton Bishop somewhere .
te	10	" Have both of the guards been punished , your Majesty ? "
te	9	With a resounding crash , the Prince of Oxen shot past him and straight through the side of the building .
te	9	" I wonder if they get Conan here , " David said , sitting down on the bed .
te	10	The spot where the one sheep had been attacked was still evident but it didn 't seem to bother the flock .
te	5	Sure enough , a few minutes later , she headed up the path .
te	6	The axe chopped through the leathery , red skin , bone and tendons in one chop .
te	5	" So you see , our course is difficult .
te	7	" Sir , " Valerie replies stiffly , " delivering the morning report to the Captain , sir . "
te	5	" Oh , so the big , tough , older vampires wake up quicker ? "
te	6	Then , I land on my knees inside the soft muddy stream back onto the rock mountain .
te	10	she protested , as she was scrubbed with a stiff brush .
te	10	I started to go through Raine 's pouches .
te	7	" We have a communique from Junior Commander Tork , sir . "
te	6	" Give me your plan , " ordered the first more senior demon .
te	11	Mac shot two more of the soldiers that were bad army crawlers .
te	11	Do you think Levi knows ? "
te	7	It will be quick ; he won 't even wake up .
te	8	she blurted out before she recognized her mistake .
te	9	" We will make better time if I have less help .
te	7	He had apparently recognized the Swiss officer from the news .
te	7	It was broken by Rafe .
te	11	They looked like what you 'd see in a bunker .
te	7	" I 'm the lucky one , " he whispered in a raspy voice and then collapsed dead to the floor .
te	8	Before she was through , the hooting had stopped , and most all the men were staring blankly at the floor .
te	8	And chained to her as they were , there had to be many , many ways .
te	6	He picked up his glass and offered a toast " Merry Christmas everyone . "
te	6	Who are you , and why are you here ? "
te	9	Nathan believed these scenes were probably similar all across the country .
te	11	The attack happened so sudden Soul had thought she died .
te	9	Angelique lifted her head with the same wonder that Drew had felt before .
te	10	They will know how much I loved Ryan and how much I miss him .
te	5	" By the way , you are absolutely the Sean Connery Bond . "
te	8	Those guys are so reliant on their Imps , a blank screen might throw them off for a bit .
te	7	I said , " That 's affirmative . "
te	10	Victoria snapped the bowtie in place , fussed with it , then held the jacket up for him .
te	10	The Undertow squads kept a number of locked cargo boxes stored within the armory .
te	7	Using my free hand , I twisted off the small claw , and kicked off against his inner shell .
te	8	After Lucas could no longer be seen , Chris spoke .
te	10	He felt he was watching himself , hearing an icy voice he barely recognized .
te	6	We crossed the threshold into a wide , glass-walled hallway .
te	9	He stopped his wing fanning and turned to face the laughing noise .
te	8	Jeff walked toward the other Stevens and the two men made their way down the path to the beach .
te	7	We moved as a group down the left side hallway and came to a single door at the end .
te	9	It took Taylor and Spade only a few minutes to upright the tents and stow their belongings .
te	6	Falling forward , he spread his arms and was airborne again .
te	11	he shouted as he prepared to swing his staff .
te	11	Cochabamba was sunny and bustling , infused with a rainbow of flowers and the smell of smog .
te	11	For one thing , Americans aren 't going to be too popular wherever we go . "
te	9	" I have to get to my boy . "
te	9	One of them has distinctly worn and dented armor and wears a red bandanna wrapped about its metal forehead .
te	9	" It is obvious that you hold him in much affection . "
te	10	" Like the chance to kill more dandies and witness human suffering at its best ? "
te	11	The wounded woman began to worry at his bare thigh with her teeth like a wild beast .
te	11	He felt a little faint as it occurred to him that Manuel was not coming .
te	9	She was brought up in a jungle Longhouse and never even saw a white guy until she was fifteen .
te	6	" Like I said , even the strong will fall one day . "
te	11	She began to struggle to sit up .
te	7	Eight years ago , the couple retired to Florida and left the coffee shop to their son Joe .
te	6	Got ta get one ... ... .
te	5	" And do what ? "
te	7	Jimmy and Josie immediately stopped chewing their own food .
te	7	With relief , knowing he wasn 't lost , Tarleton made out the stack of stores .
te	8	At last she said , " I don 't trust you .
te	11	At last , he flipped open the newspaper and handed it to Logan , who was closest .
te	10	She screamed out swear words as if possessed by a mad devil .
te	10	It suddenly flamed and turned to black dust , leaving not a trace of it .
te	6	" I applaud your efforts , girl .
te	5	Your dad and I made that together a long time ago .
te	8	I 'll throw the gun to you and you can do it . "
te	7	Who wouldn 't get tired .
te	10	I turned and bolted the other way ; I don 't know and I don 't want to know .
te	5	" Bastard , lock him up ! "
te	10	" Do you know who I am ? "
te	7	We were private investigators , of sorts .
te	7	" Why don 't we try one out in the paddock ? "
te	7	Not surprisingly , my family is involved in both .
te	6	And where did he get his money from , anyway ?
te	6	A small girl next to him also hung upside down , unconscious , held in place only by her seatbelt .
te	7	Blackie , small as a pony , was usually ridden by children .
te	6	" Father , " the pimply young man faltered , " I was just questioning these trespassers . "
te	7	They all checked and rechecked everything , then locked the minivan and headed toward the woods .
te	9	It is uncomfortable to think about .
te	6	It was all quite fun , and I learned a lot .
te	9	" And where are they going to build those airships ? "
te	7	Ward 's eyes drooped , and the man lost his own battle to the night .
te	8	A deep bellow sounded through the ship , transmitting through the bulkheads .
te	8	Before digging in , Gabriel slipped his cell phone out of one pocket to check the time .
te	11	She applied makeup as she 'd seen Katherine do .
te	7	Slowly , I lifted my foot off the stair and backed up .
te	7	I was red as the twilight sun at my face .
te	7	Once I am free ... " You look after her with longing , pet . "
te	10	" It 's used its power to activate them . "
te	11	It was surreal as Josh began to interpret the words .
te	6	My stomach churns with every motion .
te	10	The path grow darker that Sofia was left behind his trail .
te	9	They circled the lake into the tower and finds that there was no way in .
te	6	This was not Tim Farmer 's first rodeo .
te	6	' Unfortunately , the current situation concerns us all .
te	6	" A lovely land this , " laughed Ian , " no wonder our ancestors abandoned it . "
te	6	" Yeah , it 's a cycle , it never had a start , and it will never end .
te	7	My teddy bear and her Strawberry Shortcake grin at each other , hiding murder beneath wet fabric and cold skin .
te	11	It would be very easy to get lost , Neil thought , and he stopped laughing .
te	5	" I need the bathroom . "
te	9	He had no destination in mind , but drifted through the camp and on into the forest .
te	11	It looks like they suffered about 20 casualties before breaking off . "
te	11	And in that rare case when I lost control of my power .
te	10	Jennie walked over , careful where she was putting her feet .
te	11	I slowly lowered the gun and fought to control the tremor in my hands .
te	6	Deadly Magic ( A Grace Holliday Mystery ) By Elisabeth Crabtree Copyright 2012 Elisabeth Crabtree Smashwords Edition All rights reserved .
te	11	The trouble was in finding a way , the right words , perhaps ... " You know Lord Rafe well ? "
te	8	" Don 't even think about disappearing , ok ?
te	7	" This is kind of my hobby , remember ? "
te	9	As he turned his back , gathering chives , I glanced at Logan .
te	11	' And do you feel like you 're winning ? '
te	7	" He was a very wealthy and very brutal man .
te	9	He was now sure ; their ways were as strange as he had always heard .
te	7	" It 's worse than you think .
te	10	Then , as best as he could remember , the fruit was stirred and what it was mixed with .
te	6	" Cool , I only have two rules , " she sang , " and you have three . "
te	10	The once level room takes on a noticeable slant as the oncoming water shifts the balance of the floating temple .
te	11	Those voices I heard were booming .
te	11	Loretta arrived moments before the venue 's doors closed having sold out .
te	9	Its claws , however , were still resolutely ensnared into the denim fabric of my jeans .
te	8	It 's where we plan stuff .
te	11	She 'd had to be to survive .
te	11	Then I went back to the room to see how Preston was doing .
te	11	For a long time , the Prince just stood there , unsure what would happen next .
te	10	It made him want to cry .
te	5	Truly an impressive site , he thought .
te	8	For whatever reason , Ahmad planned to wipe out NET . "
te	7	She took a deep breath and let it out in a gusty sigh .
te	7	At the first stop some people didn 't even make it off the bus .
te	8	Each step was a personal battle of will as I approached the foreboding darkness .
te	9	Do you have anybody ? "
te	9	There are no more living besides the three of us .
te	10	' Logic is nothing to be ashamed of . '
te	6	Eva daringly , but gently , ran her fingers across the ring with great admiration .
te	7	Someone behind Andy grabbed his wrists and tied a rope around them .
te	11	This is not the first time Salazar has been to Thailand . "
te	5	For me , now , it 's a whole different ball game . "
te	11	Can 't say I ever heard tell of such a critter . "
te	10	He yelled and waved frantically for them to get the car started .
te	8	They advanced slowly and I stood to my full height , fists held up at the ready .
te	5	To the uneducated listener it was just a crow .
te	8	One challenge that had gone unanswered .
te	7	" Yes , a few times ... Some of them were quite interesting . "
te	7	" Now , now , wait a minute , let 's not be hasty . "
te	8	Red Talon took an ear of corn and broke it in two and gave her half .
te	11	" Lars , where did you take me ? "
te	11	The giant 's arm was bulging with corded muscles beneath skin from which sprouted wiry , black hair .
te	7	Missy slowed to a trot and finally a walk .
te	7	In the heart of a great pyramid they discovered the dead king with the Talisman around his neck .
te	5	WOOF , WOOF , WOOF , with the mechanical regularity of a metronome .
te	9	The driver beeped his horn once , twice before the pedestrian door inset in the main gate opened .
te	10	She sighed as she continued to walk .
te	7	His throat was cut , open like a smiling second mouth , gleaming white and red , butcher 's work .
te	8	We 'll sound the alarm , but if it 's false , I look to you for explanations . "
te	10	His heart beat faster for a handful of seconds before he could calm it and relax his suddenly tense shoulders .
te	9	They feel they have to .
te	5	" So , are you a college student ? "
te	6	All unauthorized personnel please leave the area immediately , " The Shrine declares .
te	6	In a few minutes they heard a whistle , and Drew and Dane joined them .
te	7	She had held out for three hot days .
te	9	They waited in silence at the back of the office , arms crossed in front of their chests .
te	7	" Would you like a cup of tea ? "
te	11	I waited in silent , and my heart came into my throat when someone was coming at the door .
te	7	As she did so , so the water ran off him red and made the white snow pink .
te	8	VIN , do we have enough room ? "
te	8	When they got back to the cabin they were red-faced and panting .
te	6	You might as well go home . "
te	10	Got something that may blow your mind .
te	7	She asked hesitantly , " You know my brother ? "
te	10	" Not to mention eloquently and with copious lucidity . "
te	9	Helen and Mason both nodded , waiting for the other shoe to drop .
te	7	' OK , you win , ' I say , ' what is it . '
te	10	What happens if you fall victim to a hunting accident ?
te	7	The guard bowed , turned and the two of them moved off into the night .
te	9	Their work was interrupted by a knock at the door .
te	10	" Here , I don 't even know why I picked these up , " Ted said .
te	7	My thoughts swirled together and turned into a blurry haze .
te	10	He wanted to thank her for the clothes , the nap , and the bath .
te	6	The rest of the war party followed at a distance , with stealth .
te	8	Everyone but Ahmad seemed to be mute .
te	6	Dane , with real sorrow , gathered his friend 's belongings together .
te	11	Gan heard himself before he realized he 'd spoken .
te	7	But oh , he thought , if they only knew !
te	5	Two weeks later the guests were gone .
te	8	" Well , he is a very old man now , " Mr Brown said with a hint of sadness .
te	5	William ~ September , Six Years Earlier " You 're awfully happy this morning .
te	10	" So the Satan will be picked to take us on ? "
te	11	The team in tech support had rolled their eyes at her yesterday when she requested a dry run .
te	10	He didn 't have the patience to wait and I didn 't think it was necessary . "
te	5	And by the way , they are not the only two guys .
te	11	" Now we walk , " Drew announced , trying to put on a cheerful face .
te	7	Good thing our national security wasn 't on the line , or we 'd all be dead .
te	6	Returning the smile , Liz simply said , " It 's perfect . "
te	8	replied the Prime Minister in accordance with the Top Secret brief received a few days earlier .
te	5	" Katherine , just like Rosie , your money isn 't any good here .
te	9	Thanks James , " Stacy said and that all started to leave the attic .
te	8	That 's why we have the same black marks .
te	8	On the second row , behind them , sat the younger braves and older men of the village .
te	8	Bethany peered at the other women huddled in a frightened mass and their story became as clear as glass .
te	8	I want them to meet you . "
te	7	" Dad , " she nudged him , " how big will your projector magnify ? "
te	6	" I 'll drive , " he said .
te	7	Raindrops were their drink and hard bacon strips from their pockets were their meals .
te	11	he asked her as they drifted over to the main companionway on their way to the mess deck .
te	6	" May I interrupt you , " the young man said and went near them .
te	10	When asked to be specific , he merely shook his head and mumbled about nothing lasting forever .
te	6	' Well , there you are , you see , ' the Princess said breezily .
te	9	" You gon na come out and see the horses ? "
te	7	Sky leant against the brown rabbit in the Victorian gown and shone a wide smile .
te	11	Let us move through those areas where eyes are few and tongues are tight . "
te	9	Though maintaining eye contact and playing well they struggled ; the vibe tumbling .
te	9	He couldn 't believe how sour this whole thing had gone .
te	6	After a moment , the first figure emerged , in a dark blue gown with a white bodice .
te	11	" And where is here ?
te	10	I had to get to work .
te	7	Glass shattered , shelves lost their contents , and car alarms sounded up and down the street .
te	6	Shaking my head no I said , " I don 't mind standing . "
te	6	The day of the internal combustion engine was in its twilight .
te	7	" Did she really ask that baby for permission ? "
te	10	He blew on his coffee , meeting my eyes over the rim of his cup .
te	9	He let it dangle for a moment .
te	9	More tears came then , searing drops of disappointment as well as sorrow .
te	8	In the living room with the others Katherine said , ' He might be on to me . '
te	11	It felt good to be out of the water .
te	6	Her eyes stung and her stomach clenched , but she felt no shame .
te	6	" Oh , I 'm sorry , " the man answered , and handed Abe a business card .
te	11	However , he has a good heart and always seeks to stay true to it . "
te	11	He saw a flicker of understanding in her eyes , and they opened wide as his meaning became clear to her .
te	10	There was only a gravel lot with a few choice cars parked around the periphery .
te	8	" Maybe they have a son to feed , too . "
te	9	I just doubted that anything widespread could be done .
te	8	We still have days to count . "
te	8	He backed up , still grabbing my shoulders and stared me in the eye .
te	9	I told them you 're doing a special extra-curricular history project .
te	9	Solange crossed the room and stopped in front of me .
te	10	Hank had never seen him ride Achilles like that .
te	11	He would need one from each station in order to gain access to the Seeker .
te	8	As Maggie grew into a teenager , she realized how geeky her parents really were .
te	8	" Try this on for size , " Mana said firmly .
te	7	I must keep them alive .
te	7	But it was never the same , and anyhow , I grew too big for a start .
te	5	" All right , " the twins gave each other a high five .
te	9	" Long enough to see how crude you are , " came the icy reply .
te	7	Adele had not really noticed his presence before , but now she smiled at him gently .
te	9	Frowning at the stones , Cade wondered if she could really mean ... " Instantly . "
te	7	Hungry like a wolf , I tore the paper bags open and ate .
te	10	" Eda , I already know that Lord Rafe is kind and that I shall like him .
te	11	" We 're certain that cart is linked to the case ? "
te	11	That 's something I 'm used to .
te	10	Adele nodded , the flush on her face refusing to be quelled .
te	5	" I did not , " Rafe answered .
te	7	Many of our fellow classmates , friends and loved ones are still recovering from critical conditions .
te	9	" Riki , " he said , " I will tell you when I 'm ready .
te	6	" I didn 't trip , " Mana supplied .
te	5	" We have the same mother . "
te	6	The one on the right had a round face , big blue eyes , and faint burn scars on her neck .
te	8	I hesitated , before nodding slightly .
te	11	It had to be stashed in the kid 's house .
te	5	Handsome , lovable , charming , quick-witted , and a big troublemaker . "
te	6	" Um , icky , yucky , gross , nasty ... foul , " said Gregor .
te	10	You don 't need to know why .
te	8	Alex then pulled him over to a stand where they checked out the food .
te	7	" But what are we doing actually on this trip ? "
te	7	After the formal meeting was over , Paul and Amanda settled into chairs at the poolside bar .
te	10	" Well , he would 've after he thought about it . "
te	6	" A Holiday Inn , ever since I left base two weeks ago .
te	9	She reached over , and tried to grab the sword .
te	7	She was an ageless woman , maybe thirty-five , maybe sixty .
te	5	" Or at least untrained ones , " Alec said .
te	9	She moved out of his line of sight and he could hear the rustling .
te	10	The fear spread throughout the colony within seconds of the three Rattlesnakes blundering into the burrow .
te	8	Gwendolyn is wearing a short leather skirt and matching leather top ; in her other hand she holds another identical blade .
te	6	He wraps his arms around my waist .
te	7	" Oh my , I forgot , " Miss Julie said with dismay .
te	6	" Which means now they 're in danger .
te	6	' Yes , he did , ' I acknowledged with a nod .
te	8	Either thought brought choking rebellion up into her throat .
te	7	" I haven 't really thought about it . "
te	7	A heavy wave of perfume overtook him , and he backed away with a cough .
te	9	" What exactly do you want me to tell you ? "
te	5	" Sometimes six or seven , but tonight I only see three others .
te	7	By the time she reached the dirt road on the other side , her shirt was damp .
te	11	I was getting used to having you around . "
te	9	He didn 't want to break the spell .
te	10	Bryony said you 'd already left for school . "
te	8	You didn 't exactly give me a lot of notice . '
te	5	" Wait , hold it , an actual monster hunter ? "
te	10	It 's time to turn in for the day .
te	8	The room was silent for a time while the council processed the information .
te	7	" Lars , we 'll take a cab and get you home . "
te	6	" Now a days these things happen all the time . "
te	6	The only other things in the wallet were my debit card , license , registration and an insurance card .
te	9	When their conversation finished , the young acolyte approached her with an object wrapped in white linen .
te	7	He turned to his other men and dismissed them with a curt wave .
te	7	Turning the water off , she opened the door quietly , poked her head out and gave me the all clear .
te	6	" Tell me , in your opinion , why did Walker defect ? "
te	6	she 's a copper and very smart .
te	8	It appeared bulky and I was surprised at their mobility .
te	7	" Don 't cause trouble , " a gruff voice sounds from beside the doors .
te	7	She , like all of us in this office , has every belief in the entire Little Spirit product . '
te	11	" But before that , he told his friends why and it is captured in writing by his student Plato .
te	8	You must project strength , and wisdom , and command . "
te	7	On this field they were holding the soccer , basketball , archery , gymnastics and fencing practices and tournaments .
te	11	He reached back and was just able to pull the knife free .
te	11	Back outside he gathers his composure before setting his sights on the floating room in the distance .
te	11	Do you know where they are ? "
te	9	The flame is beginning to die and we have a long night ahead of us . "
te	6	Meagan steps back , her eyes distant and her body slightly on edge .
te	11	The storm is too far out for you to reach it in time .
te	6	" If not , then I 'd rather we tried our escape together .
te	7	" That 's damned strange actions for a bear .
te	6	He recognized the little girl as a younger Sidney .
te	6	" Lord , I need help , " he whispered into the surrounding pines .
te	10	Navi warns , prompting Link to crouch behind his shield .
te	11	The big guy said , " Shut your fuckin ' mouth , jus cause we ate your bitch ... .
te	7	Rafferty took a quick peek over a window sill and then sank back .
te	8	His heart rate is still fluttering hard , so I beg to walk .
te	7	" I was loaded for bear . "
te	11	" Yousef the porter has told me that your wife is ill , O Uncle .
te	8	Before she could pour the contents Roberto got up and took it from her .
te	7	" You 're not leaving us here , " yelled Nora , starting from her haunting thoughts .
te	7	" I have given you much .
te	8	Then it comes , a low strangled call , uh , uh , uh .
te	6	" Be careful Sid , " he told her .
te	8	He had to remove himself .
te	11	Better to die gloriously there than to suffer such humiliation .
te	9	And that 's when I kicked him in the balls .
te	9	First , the failing lights , then the computers in the office , and now the kettle .
te	10	A partner would have to empathise with this .
te	6	" Just rest , you are hurt , " a deep voice said from the darkness .
te	10	' I have to say , my section hasn 't exactly had a lot to do with that . '
te	8	" Like you said , the dude without the specs is a goner for sure , " Bobby recalled .
te	5	" Swords and foils and sheaths and stuff like that .
te	7	The blade and silks inspired respect in the cautious , but fools saw the scrawny boy and not the dervish .
te	7	" It was definitely something , " said Beau feeling the adrenalin flooding through him .
te	7	When it was filled , he ran off with it .
te	7	Don 't just brush past it .
te	10	He said this stuff keeps wounds from festering .
te	10	Doesn 't Jesus turn water into wine for Christ 's sake ! "
te	11	I didn 't think twice and started to run to the car , but he reached me faster .
te	10	Jim had suggested that all officers be issued side arms .
te	8	In order not to arouse suspicion Natalie waited a few moments and to her great good fortune the boss arrived .
te	11	It all happened so fast he couldn 't see the exact sequence of events .
te	6	The Stark land , woods , lodge , lake and all , covered two square miles .
te	7	Rather than face front Christine 's keyboards , positioned stage left , looked across the stage .
te	6	Finally , in the last room , he hit pay dirt .
te	6	The faded smell of her perfume barely lingered .
te	6	Only one creature in all existence could claim such fine plumage .
te	10	Mark knew there was something there - about the current Vice President .
te	9	Come on , we can catch another glimpse of the palace around this next bend , I think .
te	9	They had started , of course , with the charred remains of the bus .
te	5	As the caboose lost speed , the tipping increased .
te	10	" We 'll definitely have to talk about the coronation ceremony later .
te	6	A tall , lanky elf with long hair and dark clothes slid a tankard over to her .
te	8	" Good morning , Chuck , " she said , " I hope you slept well ? "
te	8	For a few seconds , Warrior rides Lance like a surfboard before striking a big black rock outcropping .
te	11	But every once in a while there are too many Alpha 's to go around .
te	9	I could see the monster coming from several light years away . "
te	10	His gaze dipped down to take in Harry 's gun case .
te	6	" Come , I will show you . "
te	5	With my ex one I had my first real kiss . "
te	8	" Yeah , but I want to be the best .
te	9	" I managed to hear the rest right , did I not ? "
te	8	And to make things worse , you have just one week ! "
te	10	As for me , the bruises would start to fade by tomorrow .
te	7	That first night they stayed in a traditional Irish hotel and ate a simple meat stew .
te	10	She also had a meeting under the clock of the institute 's main building .
te	6	Let 's get these two back to camp .
te	10	You know what it is I want !
te	9	" Yes , Mom , " Lex would say anything to please his mom .
te	10	Kylie stopped trying to be polite .
te	5	" Of course the king has a brother .
te	8	A house stood at the far end of the clearing , in the lee of the grey rock face .
te	6	" There 's the plain ahead , " breathed Valerian .
te	9	Slipping through the secret passageway behind the old wooden cupboard , the Princess is outside the castle walls once again .
te	10	He felt embarrassed that a complete stranger should take this much interest in his wellbeing .
te	10	The driver was hopeful that it would open in the daylight . "
te	9	" But I didn 't bring you here to tell you that .
te	9	It 's a little amazing the consulting side doesn 't have a bigger presence . "
te	11	Shouting that they needed to come back .
te	9	A horrific boom shatters glass in a one-mile radius and forces everyone on the street to the pavement .
te	9	Kuching was now a bustling metropolis , a hodgepodge of races cramming the pavements .
te	7	I called out and caught up to her .
te	11	And there was nothing she could do about it .
te	8	As they turned to port , the craft entered a small deep creek , about two hundred yards across .
te	9	Llama cursed as he pulled off his helmet and spit blood .
te	8	She was nowhere to be seen .
te	9	The pins were poisoned that a tiny scratch could kill .
te	7	Wounded Eagle and his uncle had found the scalped body , and they tracked the killers back to the Creek village .
te	9	" You 're absolutely right , Mr George and I have already discussed it and Robbie seems to like the idea .
te	10	" Can 't say as I got any names , but ... wait .
te	11	" I 'm sure this news comes as a shock , but all will become clear . "
te	11	He was glad he hadn 't said it aloud .
te	10	Now I have been reborn as a Son of the Underworld . "
te	9	For the short time that the power grid was up , fresh food was generally still available .
te	10	A chorus of angry curses in three languages proved that many of his men were also caught off guard .
te	6	I stopped , the memory of the journal entries jumped into my mind .
te	9	We need to keep going .
te	8	Before he could turn around I ran up behind him and knocked him over .
te	7	The perfumed water buoyed her , took away weight , care , and the hard edge of consciousness .
te	8	" Put them up in sequence starting from the earliest , " the colonel suggested .
te	8	She was born in the middle ages , and has somehow transported herself to the twenty first century . "
te	8	The second his feet land upon the stone , the pillar succumbs to the whirlpool below , quickly toppling over .
te	11	Do I even want to know ? "
te	7	Whatever the man was shouting , it was another language to Chris .
te	9	" You seem to have bewitched my daughter , Mr. Neil . "
te	5	" No , something is not right here . "
te	6	Seen him shoot more than a couple men , too .
te	9	" Now ... now ... what a beautiful creature you are . "
te	10	My hands sweated even while they froze to the axe handles .
te	11	A rapid flurry of blade strokes are parried before the boy lands a stepping kick to the hero 's torso .
te	6	Unfortunately for his comrades , his weight sagged forward , and the ladder was dropped .
te	9	She turned to look at his hand .
te	6	" D ... Dam ... Damian " she hummed , strongly shaking .
te	6	Clearly this guy wasn 't going stop .
te	5	" Good logic , " she said .
te	9	" Better let me look at them first , Theodosia . "
te	8	It had to be her .
te	7	The wolf barked twice and hit the ice with both paws .
te	6	" Excuse me , sir , " she said with a mischievous smile .
te	7	But what if the sheriff finds out they had a little girl with them ? "
te	8	Even now , at the height of summer , it had to be very difficult .
te	9	She wondered what could possibly be so important .
te	7	After the planes left the American party rose from their hiding place and stared at the disappearing planes .
te	9	We can 't afford any communication between them or we run the risk of them running .
te	10	I 'm not worth getting that excited over .
te	8	" It will be night soon and we have not arrived at our lodging place .
te	10	Are the engines ready to go ? "
te	7	You go to the golf course , I go to the gym or the dojo .
te	8	" You 're looking good , Nigel , " she said , meaning it .
te	8	The flock was heavy -- maybe two hundred birds .
te	7	UNS Hermann Mars Orbit March 14th , 2028 The ride over from the Ares was almost complete .
te	11	" And it is a dashed awkward time for people to ask questions , if you take my meaning . "
te	11	I had to return to Vitale now .
te	9	" Do you mean go to Russia ? "
te	9	The men forgot about Nathan and dropped behind the cars to seek cover .
te	7	Get back to the camp , hide in the crowd .
te	9	" No , " chuckled the Shadow President , " I bet it wouldn 't .
te	11	Connor cautiously looked through the darkened windows and couldn 't tell what was happening inside .
te	8	The main thing is the mark that you give yourself . "
te	7	Taking no further time , we left Eva and our wounded friend and raced back to the carriage .
te	8	This looked like a nasty case of second sight .
te	9	" I didn 't want to scare you . "
te	11	He turned slowly to us , and I saw that he was double then me , like body .
te	11	I was beginning to think he did .
te	11	The food was hard and stale , but it was something he could chew on .
te	7	We 'll be helped there .
te	9	Of course , neither of them knew it was the Lady Grace , and that was all on him .
te	9	006 mimicked Toby 's actions , examining Toby and himself as if inspecting his new suit in a mirror .
te	9	" You guys know where I can get some pancakes ? "
te	6	After a little while , the ache in my cheeks and sides became a steady throb .
te	8	Cade didn 't return the smile , just nodded .
te	8	The light was back in his eyes and before he knew it a man actually walked right up to him .
te	9	It looks like it might be a stacked cipher . '
te	8	Must be Jolie 's with the clean room and professionally made bed .
te	9	The clans are named for their place in defense -- North , South , East , or West . "
te	10	You can wear the waterproofs I bought you .
te	5	Old horse , a few little knick-knacks , but not much more .
te	8	" There 's a good boy , " as he did as he was told .
te	10	Of course it was hard to keep that ideology going .
te	9	Tears filled her eyes as she stretched her fingers out to the hammer .
te	11	Do you know what it was ? "
te	11	The collective gasps quickly turn to flight as the entire tribe rapidly pours out of the area in fear .
te	6	Hands sweating under the pillow .
te	8	She just knelt there still and quiet ... ... remembering the good things .
te	6	At this point , the red head in the fluffy pink dress entered the sanctuary through the far doorway .
te	7	The higher you send it , the wider it spreads at the end , yes ? "
te	6	What they found was Dr. Cook .
te	8	I don 't want just a flat piece of ground .
te	5	Despite the darkness , his eyes were almost a fluorescent , bright green .
te	8	" After that , I will hunt you , and when I find you , I will kill you . "
te	6	Come on Paul , he thought , not now , we 're eating .
te	7	Finally at the top , I collapsed in a corner and curled into a ball .
te	11	It was the last she 'd seen him alive .
te	11	I swallowed panic that had formed in my throat .
te	9	Neil could hear Mr. Poole shift on the seat .
te	6	After all , he reflected , his companion was no common woman .
te	8	He screamed and kicked himself back , slamming painfully against another shape .
te	10	We cherish the simple life and have tried to raise our children the same way .
te	11	I couldn 't believe what I was hearing from him .
te	10	Dane went on , " I know I can 't kill an unarmed prisoner . "
te	5	" How do you feel ? "
te	7	The whole gesture , the look , the hat , everything reminded Tommy of the three Musketeers .
te	7	Willie jumped from his seat and ran towards the man .
te	8	Settled with his back to the duo , the kid rocks left to right rhythmically as he plays the ocarina .
te	7	In response to the unasked question , Kurt refused , and the executioner set aside the black sack .
te	6	They drove in silence for a few minutes .
te	11	But I knew that I had to do this .
te	8	I find it strange that I conjure such a line .
te	6	" Rest well , old friend , you will surely need your strength .
te	7	If the world ended now , that would be just fine .
te	10	" We cannot rest here long , t ' would be best if you had a drink . "
te	7	Basic food is free : kanji − curry ; Western style , gourmet food is also available and very moderately priced .
te	8	It was a form of equality , a mutual outlook on the problems and excitement of this wreck excavation .
te	7	Simon warmed to the task as he spoke .
te	8	" The Rose Priestess was in the main camp of the Mountain People before she joined you .
te	10	As we passed fields of wheat , brilliantly painted with the sunset , he continued speaking , never looking at me .
te	6	On the last lap , Colleen and Jaime , these snotty girls , run by and give me strange looks .
te	9	Instead of joining them , she spent the twilight hours flipping through the pages of the Book .
te	6	" But ... oh ... " Hartman intones with pleasant surprise .
te	9	They used to come here for lunch .
te	9	Sounds like they are going good .
te	7	However , his face was still darkened by an angry frown .
te	7	As her hunger receded , her frustration rebounded to its previous levels and then some .
te	7	" Not too sure really , but you haven 't replied to me for over two hours . "
te	8	She sighed , waiting for the nightmare laugh .
te	7	" Aimee should be at work .
te	6	His monitor showed both a blue side and a red .
te	8	I will go where it goes .
te	7	His hands lay on his lap , his legs folded beneath , quiet and peaceful .
te	9	I didn 't know what to say .
te	9	She paused to catch her breath , and her thoughts .
te	8	When things go to crap , we use our best judgment .
te	10	" Do you see why I keep her around ? "
te	6	The council members and vampire rogues from London disappeared into the mist quickly after that .
te	9	My mind is starting to go crazy again .
te	11	I 'm thinking we should lay siege rather than attack .
te	9	" Do I have your oath , Doctor ? "
te	11	Major Campbell popped three antacid tablets in his mouth and crunched on them , before turning to an Airman seated nearby .
te	6	And just in time , the Prince thought to himself .
te	9	Other than that , the details are too few for me to recall .
te	9	We left the building without exchanging a word and strolled to the Chevy .
te	9	Maybe there 's a better future in it for all of us .
te	8	As suddenly as it began , the rain stopped .
te	6	She was so short , the top of her head barely reached Roger 's shoulder .
te	9	Drawing his sword , he joined his party , who had since dismounted .
te	6	Drink beer on the porch .
te	7	" Excellent choice , Enchanted , my security team will greet you in our secure dock .
te	9	I 'll keep an eye on things here until Jennings get in . "
te	8	" Victoria , don 't count on any get out of jail free cards yet .
te	10	The older suits tried winning her attention but Amy saw John had her hooked .
te	8	The morning light peeked in between the gaps in the curtains .
te	6	Sounds simple enough , right ? "
te	7	The dry grass would burn well and the enemy 's horses might take fright .
te	10	He then began to look at the new and emerging internet .
te	11	He grabbed my hand but then let go as if he made a mistake .
te	9	Beside him , he could hear Riki murmuring something as well , and she gripped his hand tighter .
te	9	Men standing beside four of the huge beams began beating their sledges against them .
te	10	" Right you are , " George agreed , " otherwise we 'll be let go .
te	11	He wasn 't just some kid who could move freely through a zombie horde .
te	7	" You were telling the truth , " the Prince said blankly .
te	8	" So ... " his sister began , " Where 've ya been ? "
te	6	As a result I usually request his presence everywhere and we share the same bed room . )
te	6	" Get in the car . "
te	11	She only needed to last until they got here .
te	9	" I 've arranged for your wedding present to be delivered Monday the twenty-third .
te	8	Their movements were too sharp , too quick -- and they were coming right toward him .
te	6	There were red trains , white trains , old and new trains .
te	9	" How can you even think of questioning her ?
te	9	I thought I could help her .
te	6	" What is going on ? "
te	11	The body still had not been released to the family ... ... which begged another question ... ... .
te	6	His big thick fingers and hands , much like Henry 's , were too clumsy for such fine work .
te	11	Leaning from his bed he clicked rewind to listen to the demo from the start .
te	10	Hopefully Marlon 's new band wouldn 't turn up to play Katherine 's pub .
te	8	Sarah watched the other men sitting around the campfire .
te	8	" Come on , I got plans for you , mummy , " he whispered softly , tugging at her arm .
te	10	Pretend I 'm okay with everything .
te	5	" Thought you fell off the cliff or something .
te	10	I found the young man and his intimidating older friend 's curiosity about the two of you interesting .
te	9	I 'm going home to catch some shut-eye . "
te	5	So the Tillamook Lighthouse just off the beach there was opened .
te	5	And with Daisy , Harry and Nathan , for that matter . "
te	10	" But how will I know if I 've seen one ? "
te	8	' What the hell -- ' the red-haired driver started , frowning at the apparitions .
te	9	" Beltane is the dream at the end of a nightmare .
te	6	" But we 're a spoof , " Jack said , " Surely we can mock them somehow ? "
te	7	This one had an edge of cruelty in it .
te	7	' No , it 's still on the property , ' he thought and carried on .
te	5	" Agreed , father " she said , " that should do ! "
te	6	" Or so we theorize , " said Felix , " with the feeble insights we have today . "
te	11	I hope you live to regret that decision , since the alternative is considerably less desirable . "
te	9	" You didn 't tell them where to go !
te	6	Taylor did not give in so easily .
te	6	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
te	9	My body shivered as my wet clothes pressed against my skin .
te	10	Fifteen minutes had elapsed since we entered the service tunnel under the gardens .
te	5	" Heh heh , " Pickett went on .
te	10	Fact is , my Julie is named after him .
te	6	The narrow beam barely cut through the greasy gloom around us .
te	9	They would have to find some other way .
te	9	And without another word grabbed the bottle and stalked out of the bar .
te	6	Where did you come from ? "
te	11	" Do you always have to do this ? "
te	9	Conway was certain it was no accident .
te	9	Webster and Fredericks helped the captain in and then climbed into the back of the vehicle .
te	11	I can only imagine how she must be feeling right now .
te	6	Lieutenant Julian Denning gathered his men in the surface entrance to Clapham South Tube station .
te	8	He turned his face away from everyone , and when he turned around , his face was covered with a mask .
te	7	She carried a tray with a bottle and two glasses on it .
te	10	" I don ... " " We 're not allowed to leave the station .
te	10	Pierre just heard the commotion and also came out of his cabin , hearing the last words of the defiant rat .
te	9	When she tossed her head back to laugh , her waves of black hair glistened in the sunlight .
te	6	Maybe a glass of milk would help .
te	10	" OK gentlemen , " said the Captain , " take off is 0400 hundred hours the day after tomorrow .
te	7	' We took Missile for an outing , a small race at a local course .
te	9	I took my bags , thinking to go .
te	10	The water splashes against his chin , and Rift still hasn 't found the first step leading to salvation .
te	8	The irony of that chain of thought struck me .
te	7	She pointed at Neil 's trousers .
te	11	She thought of the disappointment on John 's face if she had to tell him tonight that there was no bread .
te	6	Seeing Cobb , the ranger smiled at his approach .
te	10	On the other hand , he knew her ability to function came at a price .
te	6	On top he rode back and forth , still not speaking .
te	9	She tried desperately to untangle herself but it was futile .
te	7	" I 'm trusting you with my life right now . "
te	6	Somewhere above them , iron screamed protest again , and a hollow , thumping boom swept down the staircase .
te	9	Seamus sat in front where she 'd left him .
te	8	Oh , to be full again .
te	7	Behind the table was a white projection screen , contrasting with the faded yellow walls .
te	8	Elaina could only hope it actually worked .
te	9	A man sat slumped over in the chair , snoring gently .
te	11	I kissed him like I loved him .
te	7	' Why don 't you tell me more ?
te	8	I removed a climbing rope and harness from the pack and fastened them to my waist .
te	11	Their bodily odours wafting in her nose and she took deep breaths as she placed her hand delicately before her nose .
te	8	If they tortured me , I couldn 't be as strong as Mom .
te	9	his father stated more than asked as they walked across the parking lot toward the main teleport entrance .
te	9	" The bridge went up before we could get back .
te	6	He attached the second , narrower wall to the second post with more dowels .
te	10	We all thought we were dealing with the same man . "
te	9	I started to get worried ; perhaps it was my personal hygiene .
te	9	You should act as you see fit .
te	6	He waved off the compliment , but she went on anyway .
te	8	My name is Nathaniel Fletcher of Her Majesty 's England . "
te	5	Eyeliner , shadow , mascara , lipstick , enough , done .
te	11	Aren 't you supposed to have humility ? "
te	8	I took a seat on the bed and on a piece of white paper I started to write .
te	9	Roberto was smiling non-stop , holding her close to him , never once letting her go .
te	9	" Mr. Neil , would you like some of our island delicacies ? "
te	6	17 Time moved on but yet stood still .
te	9	But having witnessed her kill four people was probably near the top .
te	8	" Measuring me up for a suit , or a coffin ? "
te	8	" First , the group I came in with gets into the JP .
te	7	He shifted his eye away from the scope and blinked several times .
te	9	" You just said you were around during the Middle Ages . "
te	7	Rand started , his attitude becoming more tense .
te	6	Warmth spread through my chest .
te	10	There has to be a spring near here .
te	5	" Call Beck , please , " Sam said , and I did .
te	6	Across the street , in Mr. and Mrs. Richardson 's yard , several daffodils nodded in the breeze .
te	10	A brief flurry of shuriken twists and weaves off course , stabbing randomly into the stone behind their target .
te	5	I am , me , not Rejected , after all . "
te	6	His skin had darkened , and his eyes had yellowed .
te	6	The white scar across his cheek puckered with his slow , burning smile .
te	6	" I 'm glad , " Fiona said .
te	8	They could be the main problem , he doesn 't go anywhere without them their mean , tough , and loyal .
te	8	Julio and Rick sat in a sidewalk café watching a doorway across the street .
te	11	" Do you have any idea how ridiculous this sounds ? "
te	8	The girl eyed it critically , and then nodded .
te	10	It 's supposed to be over soon , though . "
te	6	" Maybe , " she said , her blue eyes cheerful in the sunlight .
te	10	Wonder if they 'll let me lead a battalion ?
te	10	It startled her and she blushed , keeping her face down .
te	7	Finally he slipped the two strings off the ends , spread them out and broke them like the previous seven .
te	8	Ted went back inside the warehouse and down to the side door again .
te	6	For a birthday present , since I did not even get a ball .
te	8	Three more arrows shot past him as he closed the distance .
te	11	You go on ; I 'm going to catch up on my email . "
te	9	Do you have popcorn ? "
te	10	How 'd you know they were coming here anyway ? "
te	11	Angela spun around to see water rising outside the windows .
te	8	Both men were not scientists , just pilots , and all this was new territory to them .
te	10	You have ten to fifteen minutes to get away , " Ben tried to convince the poor prisoners .
te	8	Alejo regarded the older man calmly , face giving nothing away .
te	7	Once her helmet was on , Josie and Jimmy started their motorcycles in unison .
te	11	Blank stares and empty mouths answered Mal 's request prompting him to reinforce his urgency .
te	6	It sounded like a snort .
te	8	I 'm not strong enough to escape .
te	11	The Baron let the question effortlessly roll from his tongue without looking up .
te	9	We have to go save him . "
te	8	" You are not listening to me , " the big voice said .
te	5	Without his habitual smile he seemed cold and unfriendly .
te	6	" Worst job you can ever get , " Tori whispered to Stacy .
te	9	' Look , there 's no need for all of us to stay .
te	10	Do we need anything else ? "
te	7	None of them had ever tasted water so sweet and refreshing in their entire lives .
te	9	Mariposa leaned forward and rubbed noses , as if reading her mind .
te	8	The need to find it pours through me like a mountain stream , clear and cold .
te	8	She had a glass of champagne in one hand and was taking tiny sips with her pinky outstretched .
te	11	" Do you know where they were headed ? "
te	11	I turned around and began to run back at him as he reloaded .
te	11	He did a damn good job working for an organization that he 's not particularly fond of . "
te	6	I kind of imagined you with more freckles for some reason .
te	10	Lynn didn 't know if she should trust Tek .
te	8	" Our pace was slowed by the path we have taken through the night .
te	5	" And live well you do , " Brand said .
te	9	You 're a fellow student at Simon 's school , aren 't you , Neil ? "
te	7	" It 's locked and the guy guarding it is all big and scary looking ! "
te	10	She was about to marry James my stepbrother .
te	7	He landed on the hood with a sickening crunch and slipped off to the side .
te	8	A familiar scent reached my nostrils above the rich aroma of coffee wafting from within it .
te	7	' It 's just a thought , sorry , ' Katherine said with concern .
te	10	Logan wasn 't about to stand there slack-jawed .
te	10	" I 'm going in to set him free . "
te	10	He did this several times , trying his best to wash away the fatigue .
te	7	Suddenly , there was a single gunshot , and an Arab threw up his hands and slid down the slope .
te	8	At least , if we win the Judgment , I will be High Shaykh in name .
te	10	Tork clearly wasn 't in the mood to make new friends .
te	9	" I 'd like to think so .
te	8	The wooden boards beneath the decorative rug creak with every step as he slowly exits the church .
te	5	At that moment , Meatball appeared , his face deathly pale .
te	7	We chatted about our change in fortune and let Di Luca 's brandy remove all doubts and cares .
te	8	Cade leaned over her searching her face .
te	8	He wore a sleeveless short cotton coat about knee length and it was buttoned to the side .
te	9	Do you have it ? "
te	6	Victor followed my gaze to a panel on the ceiling .
te	8	His rough hands stroking her thighs as he tore more fabric away .
te	9	" Umm ... " Tori tried to think of a lie .
te	6	At first it was darker still .
te	7	Stan looks up at Timothy , still in awe , " Your data was always spot on .
te	9	" The program was to be my father 's greatest achievement .
te	9	" Pretty quiet just now although there are always threats but most of them are from nutcases .
te	6	He flashed me a fake smile .
te	9	He laughs , walking over to a shelf and snatching a small item from within .
te	8	The men ushered Sarah and John into one of the bedrooms .
te	11	Leaping to the side just before being crushed like a fly , Rift still cannot locate his amplified antagonist .
te	9	Anna 's eyes narrowed while she carefully inspected me from head to toe .
te	8	It was the sword of the White Guards of the Snow Kingdom , the palace guards .
te	8	I realised something was wrong .
te	6	" Twelve assorted petty criminals , one sexual offence , two violent assaults , one manslaughter and a murderer . "
te	7	" Well no , " admitted the Sergeant Major , " but we probably don 't need them .
te	7	Link smiled raising his eyebrows .
te	10	He could solidify it by seeking out the Elders and killing them .
te	7	at least the sun was shining and he could hear the blackbirds .
te	7	By the frowns on their faces , they were not pleased with the interruption .
te	9	Even he didn 't know what the Service 's telepath looked like .
te	10	You put me a condition for helping me , remember ?
te	11	It gives you the name of what is buried there .
te	9	" Why would you need to know that ? "
te	8	He ran down the right side of the clearing , next to the creek .
te	11	He will take you where you need to go . "
te	9	Struggling self-consciously in her flashy dress Amy misheard something Danny said in her direction .
te	11	Her fault for breathing while Kim 's body grew colder .
te	9	' We 'll take care of the cameras if we can , ' I said into the mouthpiece .
te	7	Aries unbuckled his crash webbing and crossed the troop bay to the deployment hatch .
te	7	" How can he just sleep like that ? "
te	8	" Well then , I guess you leave me no choice , " Durham replied , drawing his sword and dagger .
te	7	Then , all of a sudden , I registered the silence in the room .
te	6	" Tessa , my Tessa , " he said in his soft voice , as lul ing as his violin .
te	5	In a nearby temple , still on the palace grounds , we saw the giant Silver Buddha .
te	9	Calvin watched coins pour into the guitar case .
te	7	Any outside communications , apart from necessary education communication , is forbidden over the internet .
te	5	So , despite my better judgment , I made him a small loan .
te	9	Sky 's just been telling me all about her baby sister .
te	9	The Achilles is in a perfect position to open the door on Zulu Alpha Three .
te	7	If anything , Chris thought , Sykes appeared even more covered in hairy goo than Billy .
te	8	What could you possibly know that I don 't ? "
te	6	" Guys , guys , " Cera interjected , " we 're missing the point .
te	10	I 'd love to fly you guys back there . "
te	9	Tony blurted in genuine surprise before turning to Bender .
te	10	Bethan laughed , quietly , drawing frowns from the passengers around her .
te	9	Red and his partner take up defensive positions on either side of the door .
te	7	" We can 't go now ; it 's too late ! "
te	6	Release the Bergen on its ten foot line .
te	7	He turned to Rafe , his manner still superior and teasing .
te	11	Mac could still see her , or at least what was left of her .
te	6	" That tree there , a bloody big branch fell , we cut it off with a chain saw .
te	5	God , Your Word is true .
te	10	" Are you trying to get killed ? "
te	8	This will be an interesting time with her aboard the ship .
te	7	With a crisp order they all moved back behind the barriers and pointed their weapons at them .
te	9	Lilly Ann was having a ball at Taylor 's expense .
te	9	Outside , the winds began howling , audible even through the thick stone .
te	6	Dated several weeks ago , the message was brief : " Arrange Council meeting .
te	10	Look there 's one over there !
te	9	said the man , blinking his eyes at her in obviously faked ignorance .
te	11	He blinked , not sure if he was dreaming or awake , and Mana 's silent words echoed in his head .
te	11	But he didn 't like the idea of going down into the culvert .
te	6	Pierre did the honours and married them .
te	11	She hadn 't been a curvy girl when they started out , and now she was looking positively skinny .
te	11	It can 't be that bad , surely , if it makes her happy ?
te	5	Around the next bend , a small stream intersected the trail .
te	5	The big , strong Shifter with loneliness and sorrow in his eyes ?
te	8	I lifted the pass key from the dead man 's waist and moved it across the access panel to the right .
te	6	The Mary Rose too was now in her own museum .
te	5	" Did the kids play sports ? "
te	7	He was gentle and loving , like he cared .
te	8	The girls , Melanie and Tara , kept smiling over at Dave and Rob throughout dinner .
te	8	I stared at the copy of an article from the Washington Post .
te	6	the thin voice of self-proclaimed intelligence officer Mark Shiner pierced through the upcoming murmur .
te	9	What plots had they been hatching in Rupert 's office ?
te	11	" You 're so lucky you ran into us tonight then , " Jeff reminded Mike .
te	10	he spat as if he were not chained to a pillar .
te	10	The farmers living outside the city are demanding something be done , as usual . "
te	8	It 's rather difficult to interrogate a corpse . "
te	7	I pulled Andy off my dad by his hair , his head yanked backward as the screaming gibberish continued .
te	8	I knew what to do .
te	7	Beneath the window , against the wall , stood a small " dorm room " type of refrigerator .
te	8	Forrest Reed 's familiar covers adorned the front of each book -- and more surfaced endlessly .
te	11	They were all floating above a bright blue light that pulsed slowly .
te	8	Like sitting in a cake shop while the Belgium Buns take photographs .
te	6	Did he do it to himself ?
te	8	' There 's no need for further dressings , ' she stated briskly , avoiding my eyes .
te	7	With that , she releases his hand and quickly retreats to her home .
te	8	She took a seat on my bed , looking at me .
te	7	" What 's going on ?
te	10	She came to a small square , hemmed in by charity shops and a large Greggs .
te	7	he exploded , " Are you mad , woman ? "
te	8	She jabbed the muzzle of the gun in the direction of the remaining gypsy .
te	6	Wilkinson came back from the cockpit .
te	9	He landed hard some twenty feet away and immediately began struggling to his feet .
te	6	A female voice sang of love and roses , of yearning and return to the beloved land .
te	5	For one brief moment , flashing lights and sirens penetrated my senses .
te	7	He knew about this , didn 't he ?
te	7	Dave , however , was feeling a lot less sympathetic .
te	8	I had to see you .
te	10	Then something seemed to break inside her , and she began to run .
te	10	" I find that maxim has always kept me from disappointment . "
te	8	" You 're sharing with Angela , " Kevin said , pushing the door open .
te	6	" So , you and Dave are friends , " she asked sweetly .
te	6	" How many more men are in your unit ? "
te	10	Abruptly she broke the contact and turned to call back over her shoulder .
te	11	" That 's all you 're getting from me . "
te	9	' She 's playing a dangerous game , ' he murmured finally , staring at the flames in the hearth .
te	8	" Stop asking questions and stop burning me ! "
te	5	" I am not , Zachery , " Nathaniel replied solemnly .
te	10	" Sub humans need to be wiped out of the galaxy .
te	8	It 's just that -- ' He lapsed abruptly into silence .
te	6	The applied pressure brought forth more tears , and Pete finally made a sound .
te	11	" That 's what this place used to be called .
te	8	" Yes , that is what ' rich ' means , " Harald said .
te	10	Sometimes you suffered through bad times so that you could have good times , he thought .
te	7	Walking to his table , she pointed at the open chart .
te	6	Even as a boy , he had commanded respect and affection .
te	11	We had just enough time to hop aboard and take our leave of the porters before she set sail .
te	11	Damned if he was going to beg .
te	6	something soft in a very hard world .
te	7	Warrior leaps up into the air and soars around in a wide circle , gaining altitude quickly .
te	9	He could tell already it would be a beautiful day .
te	7	" It is time to forgive , Rafe . "
te	9	" I can tell you he left a message , Rick , in case he was no longer available .
te	10	The advance is from GMD so it 's none of their business .
te	6	" Now , young man , " said Aunt Zelda , " there 's no rush .
te	11	I thought the families only voted for members of their same tribe ? "
te	10	He yanked his hand back as if he had been shocked .
te	8	Many of them watched her with curiosity , toothy grins on their faces , talking to one another .
te	5	" An ' anyway , " the man continued .
te	8	As he made his way through the city , people pressed in on every side .
te	7	I 'd luckily avoided this fate ; my friend Benton wasn 't so fortunate .
te	9	It was after three and she had expected him hours ago .
te	7	Except my highly trained Spy Games eye caught a man slithering through the crowds .
te	11	The police state was alive and well and doing what it did best ... control .
te	7	She went back into the house and into his study .
te	9	The rottweiler didn 't even bother snapping at me as I passed .
te	6	With great patience he fed the blaze with the damp wood .
te	8	However , we all knew that he now had a terrible , human chain .
te	11	" Father 's intuition , " he said , shrugging playfully as he finished pouring .
te	7	The air was cool , but the ferocious winds of the last few days had died down .
te	9	The boss grabbed a nearby knife and violently slashed into the box , ripping it open .
te	11	I could tell she was really listening to me .
te	5	Instead of gunshots , he heard a low , deep command .
te	8	Who knows , we 'd probably do a lot better together anyways .
te	6	She gestured at the grassy area beyond the beach .
te	9	Sydney got up and looked around for some big leaves to wipe herself off with .
te	7	Ben ventured interrupting the Angel .
te	11	And I 'm telling you there is no military base on this planet .
te	9	Face down on the ground , hands on head . "
te	10	" Let 's hope it does . "
te	11	' What happens after a band 's recorded with GMD ? '
te	10	" Yes , although there doesn 't appear to be any other governments left but our two .
te	7	Obviously , Simon has taken a fancy to Miss Cantwell . "
te	10	What would it feel like to be a real teacher ?
te	9	You said that you have been a Muslim ? "
te	10	Still , a man never knows what went into the giants ' metal .
te	9	Couple of discounted burgers or sodas was really all it amounted to .
te	7	He was in the large bedchamber , but the linens on the bed had been changed .
te	10	He walked slowly to his left , hand trailing on the black stone .
te	9	I 'm glad you found out .
te	10	After telling him everything he knew , the captain smiled and thanked him for the information .
te	8	He finally let me knock it off , and he caught it for me .
te	8	Riding her companion through the endless halls , Mai sits with a reflective smile on her face .
te	6	Trae blurted out in quick reaction .
te	7	Paul escorted Mike to the nearby elevator and they rode to the thirteenth floor .
te	7	Snow cast out the poisoned pins on her nails and draw away like greased lightning .
te	11	Alfred had to think I was dead .
te	7	" Even if the cities aren 't radioactive , it 's still a bad idea .
te	6	Behind me , Audrey , Tobias , Ivy , and a downcast J.C. stepped up to us .
te	8	Charlie bent in to read over her shoulder .
te	9	I figured you would probably do that .
te	11	I hear women love to be courted .
te	7	I smiled faintly and leaned back against the headrest .
te	10	Straightening up with some difficulty , the guard walked away , stowing Miriam 's money and the food in one pocket .
te	9	Now they are collected in one place for the first time .
te	10	Bumping elbows with subs has a tendency to make one ill .
te	10	He knew what he was getting himself into , ' I said quietly .
te	6	said the Captain walking over to his office .
te	6	" Yes , me , Melissa , and Steve ; the other dead guy . "
te	9	The wolves started digging at the sides and the back of the trunk .
te	8	Giving up now would be nothing short of pathetic .
te	11	It would feel good to wash the grime from her body .
te	9	" How much Russian vodka do you think is up there ? "
te	7	" Well , some of the languages and symbols are oddly familiar to me .
te	9	" Um , Lily , Sophie and , bugger what 's the boy called ?
te	6	The girls all nodded reverently in agreement .
te	10	He had grown up here and this is where he 'd last seen his family .
te	9	Remember , we are guests here and we are not familiar yet with the customs of this place .
te	10	This had been practiced many times in the boys ' training .
te	10	This base is to be abandoned as an untenable position .
te	9	He approached just as Finan , his gaze somewhat bleary , stepped out into the sunshine .
te	10	With the shelters completed , the women went to collect more boughs and needles for bedding .
te	7	" Thanks for joining us , " Leah said with a smile .
te	11	It hurt her more than either of them knew .
te	8	" It won 't be easy for you .
te	7	You 're from the upper classes , for heaven 's sake !
te	10	They 're not that uncommon -- plenty of casters know how to make them .
te	11	' I don 't know whether to call it coincidence or irony , ' said Reid flatly .
te	5	The Commander , the two captains , and the lieutenants joined them there .
te	8	Cobble held aloft in his left hand a battered farmer whose face already sported a few bruises .
te	7	His finger , already attached to a nervous man , was hovering over an unguarded trigger .
te	7	You look hungry , " she changed the subject , " Grandpa brought a wonderful chicken soup with little meat dumplings .
te	9	The carriage was parked at the end of the stables .
te	10	There won 't be a speck of you left , and the world will be a better place for it .
te	8	Shock asked , looking at his watch .
te	10	" I suppose we will try something else . "
te	11	They are alive with a fire I have never seen .
te	7	Lord Brogan returned to the table and seated himself opposite his king .
te	11	It was not Brand , but Gunnar , that did most of the drinking .
te	7	Chapter 11 Entrepreneurs come in all shapes and sizes and so do their ideas .
te	9	All that did was block everyone but me from hearing you .
te	5	Simple , and no time lost .
te	9	The writer in me knows that dreams often unmask the unconscious mind .
te	7	She knew nothing outside of the fort .
te	7	I could still hear the screams ... the screams ... from the village .
te	7	When I was little , I weighed a lot less , about 100 pounds , maybe .
te	10	" You 'll want to raise the alarm , or something . "
te	8	The angels emerge from the barn , dragging two young men behind them on leashes .
te	9	Although enlistments are up , we really cannot afford to significantly increase our troop levels .
te	10	Her voice was light , but Claire could tell her friend was unhappy .
te	7	He nodded , hesitation filling his frame .
te	5	' However , the question still remains , Lucas Soul .
te	10	He didn 't even know if it was open , but the door swung open when he tried it .
te	6	" God is great , " I say in vague , obligatory acknowledgment .
te	10	And I don 't think they 'll look here .
te	7	A green light blinks on above the door , and Lo pulls it open .
te	9	" I deployed a platoon of Razorbacks to cover the western location , " he explained .
te	6	' Now we 're talking , ' he muttered excitedly .
te	7	A brilliant academic back home , loved by his students , admired , respected .
te	9	As he 'd done countless times before , he tried to estimate the distance : twenty leagues ?
te	11	He hesitated , unsure whether he should turn back around .
te	10	The truck he was lying under was one of several petrol tankers parked on the grass .
te	9	he muttered as water squelched beneath our feet .
te	9	Everything points to the Mayans being from the future if you look at it all that way .
te	6	The sky 's fake , Sye thought , The city lights should drown out the stars .
te	11	replied George who had Bob over his right shoulder .
te	6	The card with no label -- number XIII -- the skeleton with the scythe -- the Death card ... Stop !
te	6	" Okay , I 'll try another one .
te	6	Not for nothing , his parents move a lot , just for others safety .
te	9	Snow dotted the roofs , and our breath rose in sheets to the grey expanse above .
te	7	" Forgive me , Finan ; t ' was unthinking of me to wake you .
te	8	Stop babbling and thaw that smile .
te	8	" And here is the highlight of Fiddlers Green , " reiterated Scarborough , " Jolly Roger 's !
te	7	It took time , but finally the Air Force brought Ryan up to date .
te	6	He tilted his head to the side .
te	8	" Very good report , Lieutenant Myers , " said Anderson to the pensive young man in front of him .
te	11	The wild woman spun her head around without taking the screwdriver from Bethany 's neck and met Nathan 's tense gaze .
te	8	" Alright , if it 'll shut you up , " Mike pulled out his phone , but paused .
te	10	She lowered her gaze and noticed the canvas on her chest .
te	9	He sat on the bench , elbows on his knees , deep in thought .
te	8	Did he hurt you when he tied your hands ? "
te	6	" Not dogs , " she said , her voice matter-of-fact , as if nothing special had happened .
te	7	" Lea , tell us the truth , I saw you two together and it wasn 't just as friends . "
te	8	The older man 's voice cut off as he glanced away , dramatically .
te	7	" Is the rest of your luggage out front ? "
te	8	Josie had tried changing tactics .
te	7	May be we can have a chat later on .
te	11	" Alright , so turns out that one of our Marias works for a guy on my list .
te	10	he sat upright , holding his head with both of his hands .
te	8	Slowly the forward speed climbed through 19,000 miles an hour and the shuttle began to climb .
te	10	I didn 't want to talk to anyone .
te	8	As we rode along through the extensive grounds , I turned to Eva .
te	10	" John , wan na go into town ? "
te	10	Aimee wasn 't a criminal who stored cocaine or top military secrets in her closet .
te	7	Chris 's own role in the discovery was mentioned less and less .
te	8	Just as the thought formed in her head her teacher swooned again , as if he couldn 't breathe .
te	5	" Good evening , Your Lordship , good evening , Mr Clarence . "
te	8	Her tone rose frantically , and she curled up tighter on his sleeping bag .
te	8	' Friedrich 's still back there , ' he said with a frown , indicating the corridor to his left .
te	6	Out in the distance , the sun has just cleared the horizon .
te	9	You 'll have to excuse him .
te	6	I pressed the remote control button on the key ring .
te	11	Angelique whispered again , " Who is watching us ? "
te	7	" You don 't even have an XO , " Dresden adds sternly .
te	9	We 'll have travelled several hundred yards by then .
te	6	Alejo 's mouth opened , then snapped shut .
te	8	" You have to understand , Grand still wanted revenge for the death of his father .
te	8	Jessie chimed in , " She did -- she even jumped higher than Coach Simmons ! "
te	9	Riordan looked like he would join in .
te	9	Connor slowly slid down the wall until he was in a seated position .
te	11	Are you serious about running away ? "
te	6	But as always , the lawyer kept his thoughts on the matter to himself .
te	6	I fumbled with the ties .
te	6	She took a quick shower , dried off , dressed , and then headed out .
te	9	He looked up at the innocent blue eyes of Sidney Southington and realized he could .
te	7	Nice to see you ! "
te	8	John 's face had turned stark white and he picked up his pace even more than his already insane speed .
te	7	When the captain saw him , he smiled .
te	11	He leaned in to grab the mirror off the wall over the sink .
te	11	He had to collect as much information about her as he could .
te	8	After a slight hesitation , he picks up the pace , and I let go of his arm .
te	9	None of us get anything out of it as everything goes to Marianne and Judith .
te	6	Two nobly clad men were approaching Ward and Ainsworth purposefully .
te	9	I thank him then speak to the group .
te	6	But I did , so I became a silent partner .
te	9	" To catch as in for eating ? "
te	7	Even with the fire , and the warm attire , the chill hit the core of every bone in my body .
te	9	" We 're running from the law like you . "
te	8	Even though we 'd kissed that didn 't mean squat in his world .
te	7	She 's very bright , speaks five languages fluently and is as hard as nails .
te	5	" Yes , but -- " " But what ? "
te	5	" But yeah , this is my shtick . "
te	6	" Thayer , I 'm so , so sorry - " Emma started , but Thayer cut her off .
te	7	" There is more than just fire killing the land . "
te	8	It could not be climbed by man .
te	8	' He had the place renovated five years ago .
te	7	' Present company excluded , of course , ' the Bastian added grudgingly .
te	10	I remained shocked ; I didn 't know what to say .
te	7	Once again she has blessed me beyond measure .
te	9	The highway leveled out , and the mist cleared to reveal a magnificent view .
te	10	" I suggest we keep slogging ahead .
te	8	" You sure he isn 't injured ? "
te	11	Remember the two guys who brought you here after your fall , Jack and Joe Jack ?
te	6	As a child , I disliked her ; as an adult , I detested her .
te	7	A good joke , Señor , but completely beside the point , " she had responded .
te	9	I pulled my gas mask off and revealed a smile on my face -- a REALLY good match .
te	11	He noticed the questioning looks from the others and , slightly embarrassed , hastened to explain .
te	8	" Have a nice stay , " the guard said as Miriam passed him .
te	6	Half a mile later , a faint whine emerged in the distance .
te	10	I had to struggle not to kiss her and I could see she wanted me to .
te	10	I opened my eyes and stared at the ceiling as the words of a dead man rolled out of the speaker .
te	7	" If you were that powerful , why don 't you fight Skull yourself ? "
te	7	We kept hearing snippets of war news .
te	7	I am not a coward like they are . "
te	6	" Then I make my move , " she said .
te	10	' Enough , ' he said sitting down to face Raphael .
te	11	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
te	8	Rick closed the distance and stopped her cold in her tracks , taking the bag from her .
te	9	Then Michael would get a second panel ready and move it into place slowly next to the first panel .
te	6	" I needed some time away , " he cleared his throat uncomfortably and dropped my hand roughly .
te	6	" However , " the king continued , " we don 't believe the whole Story . "
te	6	Finally , a murmur of protest bubbled up from the crowd .
te	10	But we both know it was a not to be .
te	8	I warrant you had reason . "
te	9	Her voice sounded like it was life or death , " Maya says .
te	11	He began to chant a death song and began to stomp in place a dance of death .
te	8	Andy went down to the kitchen and found Tim 's family having breakfast .
te	11	We must hurry if we are to escape . "
te	11	He knew she had the same struggles as he did .
te	7	" Then stay here and rot , for all I care , " said one in a raised voice .
te	10	" It must have been hard to leave . "
te	8	He got closer to Abby and with a stroke ... I woke up .
te	9	To be described as ' deadly and dangerous ' was a far stretch by any imagination .
te	7	" How does it work -- oh , I see .
te	8	Brad was wiping tears from his face and Frank could hear more laughter from the control deck .
te	9	" Of course , Mira , wouldn 't you accept if your sweetheart gave you one ? "
te	11	A spasm of fear flashed through the Prince 's mind as he thought of what She might do .
te	8	When they went up there she took out the envelope and said , " We forgot about this . "
te	7	Excuse me , " she quickly stammers , departing the square for the castle .
te	6	Rafe looked up , surprise written on every feature .
te	9	The Spaniard 's short , bulky frame concealed his strength and speed , both with weapons and his fists .
te	7	I am use to hardships .
te	8	With a little effort , he rolls the stone aside revealing a doorway leading into a dark hall .
te	8	However they chose to escape , poor Noah always came back empty handed .
te	8	But , I assure you both , each and every one of you will be dead by dawn . "
te	10	His fingers tap , tap , tap the glass as he gathers himself , tries to push through .
te	10	He saw the girl 's questioning expression as she looked from the coyote to him and he smiled and nodded .
te	11	Many of the homes they passed on their ride were sights to behold .
te	10	Again they were all expressing amazement that they were under suspicion .
te	6	-- Here , this area should thump , at least a little bit .
te	6	" As long as the ' other guy ' doesn 't have the book . "
te	9	" I don 't know , don 't you have a Supreme Court or something ? "
te	8	They smashed into the asphalt , burying their ends three inches deep .
te	8	In front of him men were sucking in fresh air and patting each other on the back .
te	7	She scurried down the thin wooden stairs on her way to the restaurant and her new job .
te	11	She looked at it considering Calvin her knight in battered trainers .
te	9	He tried to use a spell but it falter .
te	7	It was a small office in one of those strip malls with a laundromat and a car parts store .
te	8	The light poured in though it was dim and gray .
te	11	Its head was embedded in the cinder block of the front wall of the garage .
te	11	" Any objections to me coming up to London on Friday as well ? "
te	9	" Someone saw you standing over the boy 's body with a gun .
te	10	Perhaps one of his siblings had found a loophole in the conditioning of the Death Watchmen and exploited it .
te	7	But now the predator was on his back , and the hunting knife pierced his heart .
te	7	The population would fragment into angels and food . "
te	9	It was filled with reams of scientific jargon .
te	6	" He knew the latitude , but unfortunately , the gulf coast is largely all the same latitude .
te	8	We had a celebration dinner that night and in the morning after breakfast we packed our stuff .
te	10	' Turning passion to profit as our drummer Raphael would say .
te	8	As soon as he saw me , Micah stared me down like some sort of creepy perv .
te	9	If he is here , then here is where the problem will be solved .
te	7	" I 'm sorry , " Ted began in a more serious tone .
te	10	The Falcon was a brute when it came to women .
te	10	" Shade , what are you doing here ?
te	7	Taylor rolled his eyes and put on the coffee .
te	10	I 'll meet you in the courtyard in about an hour , okay ?
te	10	The obliterated entrance reveals just how much Link has missed during his absence .
te	10	I believe it has some sort of historical connotation from the 1800 's . "
te	11	Once again , Mai appears to calmly console her chosen as the monster winds up a powerful swing .
te	8	The man was wearing war paint and had provisions for several more days .
te	11	When he was brought back up , he found himself hanging suspended in the air , dripping foul-smelling water .
te	5	" Well ... " " He is just a boy . "
te	7	Even at the end he had been a remarkably good companion .
te	8	" You people think you know everything .
te	8	He quietly approached the two , his runners quiet on the trail .
te	8	Obits are how we find them .
te	8	While Josie watched her friends , and Mark , Jimmy stepped up beside her .
te	8	They followed the signs leading to the Interplanetary Arrivals Terminal .
te	8	Minutes later , we emerged under a bridge somewhere below the streets of the city .
te	10	Why were they being led into this quagmire of madness ?
te	6	An hour later they carried the half-full containers back to the ship .
te	8	They moved with the easy grace that Cade did , but their uncertainty was clear .
te	6	" Oh , my God , it 's Custer , " Nora whispered beside Matthew in their native tongue .
te	7	" Your eye is swelling up , " the passenger says .
te	7	" OK , I don 't see anything ... " " My coin ? "
te	10	This was quickly followed by a scream from Marianne followed by tears .
te	7	Already he and Franco , the manager of the estate , have a close friendship .
te	7	So , after debate and endless , if hurried , preparations , our assassins drifted away from the school .
te	9	If they did , they 'd point me out right away and be done with it .
te	9	Beau saw men on both sides screaming in pain .
te	7	" Time for prayers , che . "
te	8	We carried the bodies down to the cellar and found Bruno and Reid tying up the other two Hunters .
te	8	Maybe , for once , they won 't know where we are . "
te	10	replied an older gentleman who suddenly appeared out of nowhere .
te	7	Beside the elevator , a stairwell door opened and three more suited agents burst out .
te	7	I think Jolie did . "
te	8	I said , staring across the grounds .
te	6	And he was a really good sniper .
te	9	" Why would he want to do that ? "
te	6	Lilly Ann set a neat little trap for him .
te	6	The White Wolf scratched more runes into the dirt : " Carry .
te	8	Over time that developed into the economic system of abundance that we live in .
te	6	" Get in , " he said , Anne nodded and moved towards the passenger seat .
te	8	He had to still be alive .
te	9	How many of the Searchers had he helped to solve this puzzle ?
te	5	" It wasn 't funny ! "
te	9	His teeth clenched and he discovered a snarl waiting on his lips to display his irritation .
te	10	We cannot fully confirm this as part of the texts are missing . '
te	10	" I guess you just bring out the best in people . "
te	8	With his back to John , he said ' well Mr Judge you finally got here .
te	8	He stopped me , pulling me down , kissing me .
te	8	Regaining his grip on the road , Ted gunned the engine on a beeline path to the woman in the street .
te	11	My attention was drawn to the gaping hole in the centre of my small garden .
te	11	I 'm afraid maybe you 're getting a little too excited . "
te	7	It was one of those old Minis , not the new ones with the fat tyres .
te	9	" So why leave without saying goodbye ? "
te	8	Life went on , generation followed generation ... The boys observed the selection of the new king with undisguised fascination .
te	10	He had smelled it on her , even if she was hiding the Changing .
te	7	He marched straight towards his employer , bent delicately , and whispered something into the large man 's ear .
te	9	You have achieved most of that , and I hope you succeed , " and the call was cut off .
te	9	We strolled , arm in arm , through the roiling throng of masks , color , and excitement .
te	8	Melody walked back to the garage to examine the shower setup .
te	7	My heart was lodged in my throat .
te	6	His voice was harsh , he knew , but he did not care .
te	7	A large red white and blue harbor tug was moored next to the half sunken barge .
te	11	" I bet you 've seen it all , " he said to the vending machine .
te	8	There are no laws now to protect us . "
te	8	He had not slept fully for more than a day .
te	8	Looking up , the exposed beams of the original barn roof could be seen in the gloom .
te	8	And how have you repaid the Lodge of God ? "
te	7	" And you 're not going either , Valerian .
te	5	Before that moment , Leander Jack was a mediocre violin player , at best .
te	9	I was just trying to be funny .
te	6	The wide hills and valleys of the ocean rose and fell as before , an unbroken , green expanse .
te	9	" Oh , nothing really , " Chalky said as he shook Andy 's hand .
te	8	Don 't you long to have things back to what they were before the Revolution ?
te	10	Thank you Lord for delivering me .
te	6	The little light from the glowing angel nightlight cast shadows about the room .
te	11	Tony smiled back , silently mouthing his favorite obscenity before turning to Chuck .
te	9	" Is ... " -- I thought fast to a flying lie -- " hospitable . "
te	6	" You may leave me . "
te	9	The katana danced and weaved through the air , spilling blood across the walls and the floorboards .
te	7	Raising his arms in an X , the hungry jaws are repelled by the magical metal .
te	7	Gabe isn 't looking at me .
te	9	Although the voice had no inflection , Rick felt as if the woman were teasing him .
te	6	" But I nearly landed it , Daddy , " she exclaimed in the car on their way home .
te	9	Let Seth record those pearls of wisdom as they come !
te	6	He gently pulled me into him .
te	11	Nevertheless , how should he explain what was going on here ?
te	7	He picked up the garment , shook it out , and threw it over his head .
te	10	" A humming , like when you 're standing next to power lines . "
te	8	Rafe was surprised by the rebuff and jerked his head around to Adele .
te	8	The butt of it popped out , above the surface of the skin .
te	9	One afternoon the sounds from the beehive buzzing above them changed .
te	8	Alex McKinnon was only an innocent , a simple case of mistaken identity and nothing more .
te	6	Everything was white ; the ceiling , the walls , the sheets .
te	8	He kissed her palm and then her lips in a final good-bye .
te	9	Let 's see how this plays out until tomorrow .
te	8	Taylor tried to change the subject .
te	9	Its weathered frame cracked and most of its wiring frayed or exposed .
te	5	Luckily , like the others , it solved itself . "
te	7	As they say , enquiring minds want to know .
te	10	I was hoping she 'd pick up .
te	9	We could cut right through the palace grounds to the foothills , " she said .
te	7	" Take me to him , quickly .
te	6	" I can 't tell you all my secrets . "
te	9	He didn 't take his eyes off the brown and grey landscape of the Irish autumn .
te	8	" Who 's the bloke with the wispy moustache and the gorgeous Asian ? "
te	6	" In other words , there 's only one possible outcome here ? "
te	8	He laughed pleasantly at her and explained , " This is a special bracelet .
te	8	Not much different from a newspaper in 1962 .
te	7	You spoke of miracles , and I laughed .
te	9	" Send a messenger ; it 's time we killed off the baggage .
te	7	It was after seven p.m. and dark , but the lights on the Celestial Breeze illuminated the deck nicely .
te	11	He led Sidney to the truck then let go of her hand and opened the back tailgate .
te	5	He was thin and young and dirty .
te	11	Mai excitedly commands , seeing the opportunity to end the battle .
te	10	The mist that began just before they 'd departed the Lady Grace had only grown heavier over time .
te	5	His voice was still restrained , quiet , almost strangled .
te	8	" Oh , " Ganondorf starts , clearly amused with the conversation .
te	10	I began to examine the events of the past two days .
te	9	I was waiting like a prowling tiger in the stairwell .
te	8	" You must stay awake in these meetings ... you must inspire people .
te	11	Before the gloom had a chance to engulf me completely , I turned back to the Minister .
te	7	" You so much as look at her in an inappropriate manner and I will destroy you .
te	7	He returned his attention to the safe and pulled a wooden box from it .
te	8	" She claims to be your life partner .
te	6	" By the ways , I 'm Ulf , have you a name ? "
te	7	You know of my travels , I take it ? "
te	7	" Let me see your wound .
te	5	" Thanks for the call Mr Doyle , I appreciate your help . "
te	11	With Vella gone decent people came forward to participate in the beginnings of a proper government .
te	7	" Boris , I 'm taking her to the doctor . "
te	8	Brindle took him a different way back to his room , but this route didn 't reveal anything important .
te	10	I hope Cody 's nicer than Jacob .
te	8	Agents Todd and Finch screamed , aiming their pistols at the elevator .
te	9	There are fewer tourists at this time of year too .
te	11	I really don 't want to figure out where your bullets are .
te	10	Is she going to die ? "
te	7	The tall perimeter fence was still visible , and guards paced back and forth in multiple places .
te	10	For one thing it would not work , and I would only succeed in looking foolish .
te	8	The waves made wispy noises after the booming crashes when they hit something .
te	8	" Look , I better go back . "
te	10	He lay down next to her , covering himself , nestling her closer to him .
te	10	And that man has been the most stubborn mule to work with .
te	8	" They are falling into our trap ... it 's working .
te	6	" Then come in , " the tall , blond haired house mother of Osiris House opened the door .
te	9	I 'm going to scare them off .
te	9	He was always in the thickest part of the battles and had saved many lives of his fellow braves .
te	7	" I -- there 's no point , " he said weakly .
te	7	Shortly after , it pulled off the highway and turned into a side road .
te	6	Further along the busy concourse , not far from the next intersection , stood a flower shop .
te	8	They will be joining our battalion reserve company and Gunnery Sergeant Simpson will act as lead NCO for the company . "
te	9	VIN noticed that the least interesting one looked like a mobile floor sweeper on a dog leash .
te	5	After another few moments , he went on .
te	10	We will have to get away from here .
te	6	The sweet and tender kiss , well , it lessened the heaviness , eased some of the guilt and shame .
te	6	" What if something terrible happened ? "
te	8	He just hoped she wasn 't as ruthless .
te	10	He 's taken rather unkindly to Phillip 's dismissal of Fuchs ' economic and military alliance proposals .
te	5	" In my opinion , this is blackmail , plain and simple . "
te	8	The sheep was meowing as it followed .
te	8	Before he could object , the deed was done and the man began to speak .
te	7	" Your little black dress should do the job , " replied Dickie .
te	11	He looked at Costas , who stood stiffly next to him .
te	5	' I agree , ' said Tomas Godard darkly .
te	7	The first one in was Swiss , ex Swiss Air Force .
te	6	" That 's the idea , " said William .
te	10	Be nice to have a day or two away .
te	7	But I had to go .
te	6	Then he swallowed , took up the single candle , clutched the envelope , and entered the Black Hall .
te	11	Where am I going to get that sort of money from ?
te	10	" I thought you would need some help today , " said Wolf Eyes .
te	7	" You don 't know that , " Kenna hissed .
te	11	I turned wildly , the Smith & Wesson in one hand while my fingers closed over the handle of the katana .
te	5	" Not swingers night at the seedy theater that has a back entrance . "
te	9	He checked the instrument cluster and saw that the fuel light was on .
te	9	There are only three things to guide us : strength ; guile ; and pure , dumb luck . "
te	8	" You two having fun ? "
te	11	The cliffs are near vertical and appear to be about 1000 feet high .
te	11	He realized he spoke to no one but himself .
te	8	Surprise must have showed on my face .
te	11	" No worries sir , " said George smiling , " what 's happening with the other thing ? "
te	8	I was drunk , and she 's ... well she is what she is .
te	8	He had a choice to make .
te	7	Where the fire touched Mark , a bright green light flared .
te	5	" For the danger you put her and your caste mates in . "
te	8	Then her blood came to a boil in the unrelenting fire of the sun .
te	7	" Nice work out there , Shock .
te	8	In this industry publicising about one 's family will eventually make them a target . "
te	7	I smiled over at Logan and gave a chipper " Shall we ? "
te	6	" The tips are hollow -- and it 's barbed . "
te	10	Which is precisely what it started to do .
te	11	" Mark , when do you pick up your regular fare from Kennedy ? "
te	11	They pushed through the brush in the general direction of where the Longhouse had stood .
te	6	From there , I traced my way through the dark streets towards the Klein home .
te	9	Though it was not as elaborate as dinner it was as good as any they could remember .
te	8	Bethany , ever the deep sleeper , peered at him confused and groggily rubbing her eyes .
te	11	Please understand that this whole space project took a decade of design by my design team of scientists .
te	9	Eight hours after we left Baltimore , we landed on a deserted airfield thirty miles outside Paris .
te	9	" I know why you come up here , " she said .
te	8	Now ... you are free to choose .
te	8	Freelance bounty hunters for hire -- and we didn 't even ask for health insurance .
te	8	Despite the anger burning in my veins , I allowed a faint smile to cross my lips .
te	10	You are scared that someone can attack you .
te	10	That scamp causes me more trouble than the rest of my cousins combined .
te	8	Do whatever you feel like .
te	8	Taking another nervous breath , she places her right palm on the metal surface of the door .
te	11	Sounds just like some ambiguous shit my brother would toss out for the world to over think .
te	10	" Makes sense , " he nods , turning to leave the inconspicuous room .
te	11	Dane pulls out a couple of pans to warm up some dinner .
te	9	With luck , he would be in Paris in a couple of hours .
te	9	I guess it makes a change from a hostel bed .
te	7	Recognition flashed across the woman 's face .
te	10	He set out for the sound , swimming with his very last reserve of strength .
te	9	It 's like I know her , " Tori said .
te	7	" They can sense emotions like fear or nervousness .
te	7	He was intended for her as a future husband .
te	11	" I didn 't want to be in a Collins ' family reunion .
te	10	" What am I supposed to do with this ?
te	10	I tried to walk away for a drink but found myself pulled back into his arms for another round .
te	11	I jumped from the chair like I had a rocket strapped to my back .
te	7	John needs the milk ; the young woman -- Julie -- needs the help .
te	8	Ben said skeptically , pushing back into his chair .
te	5	" Ahh , Umeda , " he said loudly , almost yelling .
te	8	The boy ran to the front door with Tori and Sarah behind him .
te	10	A little village with a church that has a beautiful stained glass window .
te	7	Hours later they hauled into motorway services near Kendal just inside the Cumbrian border .
te	5	" Still you do not understand ! "
te	10	Let them take him where they would - he could wait .
te	8	They were to be rescued .
te	5	" Sure got that itchy feeling . "
te	8	The following night Mason 's guards were disabled one by one along with his elaborate alarm system .
te	7	Takeo stopped his attack , grasped for his heart and fell prostrate to the ground .
te	8	His face flickered with anger , " You don 't know dick !
te	10	Her tender hooks deeply embedded in his malignant ego , always reeling him back into her arms at infinitesimal increments .
te	10	Most of the guys jogged on the base using either the track or the playing fields .
te	7	For two days we could rest and have shelter .
te	8	Jason closes his eyes and braces himself for the inevitable roaring sound and bright light .
te	5	My father and I still visited their graves once a year .
te	10	George took a couple of photos of the grave and finally put the camera away .
te	10	Let me do this for you . "
te	9	" The other passes , " Leah managed to say , " they 're all being blocked . "
te	9	She struggled to know what else to say to him .
te	10	Gan related the events of the morning , keeping the tale as flat and unemotional as possible .
te	9	Jack was on edge like she had never seen before .
te	10	The sweaty men were covered in razor stubble , with long , dirty hair down to their shoulders .
te	9	If I could transfer this agony into a scream , I think the moon would hear it .
te	10	By itself that showed how peculiar she was ; nothing anyone did made him surprised or happy or anything else .
te	6	" Uh , gentlemen , maybe we should have this debate elsewhere . "
te	11	The valley floor here was broken and covered with rocks themselves showing signs of decay and fire .
te	9	The two teachers helped Andy out of the hall of aviation while Grace and Miller cleaned up his mess .
te	5	My parents ' marriage ain 't all sunshine and roses , either . "
te	7	And why do they know so much about him ?
te	11	Short Stack kept staring as he blew on his coffee cup .
te	8	" Colonel , I must object to - " the woman began to say .
te	11	They continued to stare at the last trembling leaves marking the cat 's disappearance .
te	10	Then , peace came , as his head hit the roof , knocking him out .
te	8	Her head is a goat 's and her mouth a wolf 's muzzle .
te	7	Standard automatic sniper rifle issued to the Soviet Union and a few Warsaw Pact nations during the Cold War .
te	8	Your rooms weren 't difficult to find .
te	6	He 'd never understand my job .
te	8	Tears started to run down her cheeks .
te	10	He scowled down at her as if she was something distasteful and grabbed Davin by the arm .
te	7	Standing on the riverbank , the two men argued , faces almost in contact .
te	11	While not ecstatic the gentle feelings of respect and regard were enough upon which to build a successful marriage .
te	10	I was a highly wanted fugitive in a country now ruled by a charlatan .
te	10	It was the not knowing that drove her to pacing .
te	7	" So say yes , " Marja said , the answer seeming obvious to her .
te	11	They roasted a piece for each person who wanted some .
te	7	Despite the crowd 's cheering he felt more nervous than usual standing before such exclusivity and wealth .
te	11	Cochrane jumped on that as Parnell had hoped he would .
te	6	" We 're still going , right ? "
te	6	The frequent rainfall and rich soil gave this place a hot swampy stench and humid air .
te	6	I sat up rigidly , my eyes narrowing as his words stabbed at my paranoia .
te	9	As he moved down the hallway , he found that each bedroom had been opened .
te	7	His eyes usually drifted to the window , and he watched the black night start to pale .
te	11	Ask them to pay for their room instead of bringing a gift .
te	10	The modules were already sitting in the transfer yard and there was no way to change the design .
te	9	" What makes you say that ? "
te	5	Four blocks into his walk , Fitch was once again his angry , pouting , tormented self .
te	9	She had seen enough in the Linking to guess , but they had never spoken of it .
te	5	" So it was brotherly and sisterly love . "
te	10	He took another step forward , craning to look up the slope .
te	11	Just a glimpse to see if it was really him .
te	8	Christmas was quick in coming .
te	10	It would be nice if a boy his age moved in there by next summer .
te	8	He ate until it was gone .
te	8	" I have to go , " he said , his tone defensive despite Claire 's silence .
te	5	At the bottom were jagged rocks and a rushing mountain stream .
te	8	' I can hear you , you know , ' I said mildly .
te	7	" They do well enough , " Theodosia responded with a sniff , putting down her cup .
te	7	Good night , " Tori said , turned off the lights and went to bed .
te	11	She wasn 't convinced , but he didn 't seem interested in offering a better answer .
te	8	I heard George 's voice say .
te	7	If Julian 's family was so strong and great , why didn 't they appear earlier ?
te	7	" Thanks to you and your friend I won 't even finish .
te	5	" Oh , no , " he said .
te	6	His head , promoting its oiled back yellow brown hair , was higher than the tallest local men .
te	6	The frown disappeared and she smiled and nodded .
te	9	Taking deep breaths , she would not show him how much last night shook her .
te	8	while they huddled in the other .
te	7	Something that hadn 't been seen before .
te	7	What if they have him ? "
te	9	' He has no past records or convictions on any criminal database in the world , including NCIC and Interpol . '
te	9	It was her way of protecting herself .
te	7	He removes the dirty butterfly stitches , cleans up the cut , and places fresh butterfly stitches over the cut .
te	5	Now , young man , tell us .
te	9	Maybe she should talk to him , try to at least seem sympathetic .
te	10	This was nothing of this earth , nothing from any sane universe .
te	9	He seemed to be totally exhausted .
te	5	" I am little , not stupid ! "
te	8	" Let 's head back to the cave .
te	8	" It uses the position of the sun , or the stars at night , to plot our position .
te	10	Yet he felt himself unable to flee ; he was frozen in place .
te	6	I love you , Roberto de Ville . "
te	7	Through the foliage around her , Claire could sense the sky darkening and the humidity rising .
te	9	The Cossacks stood there paralysed by indecision .
te	9	Drifting backward , Link awkwardly shuffles his feet beneath him as the punch closes in on its target .
te	10	" You 'd get bored with that in five minutes , " Neil said .
te	11	" Carry me too , Uncle Ricky , " Anna pleaded , holding her arms out for him to take her .
te	9	He had climbed the chain link fence to investigate the yard .
te	9	She was bleeding and pale , almost unable to breathe .
te	9	" They mostly used rounded pegs back then , before and just after the Civil War .
te	10	" We 'd never go without comment in a town or at a farmhouse .
te	9	" Ganondorf was riding hard to the west with a pair of guards as I returned .
te	11	None dare offend us for fear of losing our lucrative favor .
te	7	said Colonel Taylor intently , " But we could help them !
te	9	Men watched the procession as they walked down the main stairs to the lower deck .
te	10	The zombie seemed to be completely unimpressed by his admonishment .
te	8	The night was so dark that you could not see .
te	11	She had to see what happened next .
te	9	That was the only thing that mattered now .
te	10	Elaina will be sorry she missed this .
te	8	I know what I think , but what about you ?
te	8	The boy has a part to play .
te	7	Holding a vase , his wife appeared in the hall below , and looked up at him in astonishment .
te	11	Looks like there 's a little space left in the cart . "
te	9	Many people went up front to talk about Noah , including the Bolivian pastor of Noah 's church .
te	5	" I never - " " You do , " he said .
te	9	" Good call ... let 's get the Hell out of here , " Isaac responded in grave tone .
te	10	We finally finished installing the concertina wire on top of the fence .
te	10	She accuses , turning her scorn toward the woman on the floor .
te	8	They ran fast towards their neighbors ' yard , crossed it and banged on the door .
te	10	It was said that he lived in darkness .
te	8	Local , State and Federal law enforcement had swarmed over the area , securing the many reporters and witnesses .
te	11	She argues , crossing her arms and patiently waiting for her overburdened leader to reach the same conclusion .
te	11	Someone called Katherine wants Calvin to accept a reverse charges call .
te	9	She turned the dagger into dust before it had struck her eyes .
te	8	" Yes , with the exception of those times when we met . "
te	7	This tragedy remained well publicised , with a dedication ceremony each cycle .
te	8	" I didn 't , but if they weren 't I wouldn 't be following them . "
te	9	Connor saw a small thicket of trees nearby and lead Maria behind them .
te	11	Celeste went over to see if it was Sandra .
te	9	He caught a movement out of the corner of his eye as the man next to him surged forward .
te	10	Would you like if I would call you Abigail ? "
te	10	Do you know about that ? "
te	7	I took a deep breath , closing my eyes .
te	10	" We 'll go to plan B , " he announced .
te	9	Miriam stretched and winced as her head struck the floor .
te	8	Mana sat in front of the fireplace .
te	11	She was the sixth element he needed to live .
te	11	' I thought I told you to wait , Clint .
te	8	If she does not get help soon , she will die very painfully and very soon . "
te	7	" Yes ; you look very much like your mother . "
te	7	Helen was gone ... where she was .
te	8	" Sorry about that , " he mumbled with as much sarcasm as he could muster .
te	11	" They could be lining up a shot on us right now while we 're blind . "
te	11	She was just about to tear into her when Jess continued .
te	10	My hand was blistering , and the sleeve of my shirt had melted into parts of my skin .
te	8	Greg activates the visor in his black helmet and brings up the interior security cameras on his HUD video screen .
te	8	We will march directly to the palace and take council with His Majesty . "
te	6	Next to him , the constable and the guard lay dead , arrows protruding from their throats .
te	6	" Thank goodness for that ! "
te	7	He cut the toast , speared it with his fork , and stuck the bite-sized piece in his mouth .
te	8	" I am here to visit the fort . "
te	6	I snapped out of it .
te	7	Niches carved into the walls held candles with small flames lighting the way .
te	7	I yelled out to Isaac , but he never heard me .
te	6	" Just turn up here , " Nate aimed a finger at an upcoming intersection .
te	10	Ali looked concerned , but Muhammad didn 't quite know what to say .
te	10	It was Her place to judge the boy 's ambition .
te	10	Taylor enjoyed being the center of Lilly Ann 's creative fireworks .
te	9	I also have my contacts in Washington , but rather limited after the last elections . "
te	7	Though the majority featured Danny , one of Calvin made a fantastic action shot .
te	9	He rubbed his mitten over his forehead as if trying to rub away a headache .
te	6	Huge house in the outskirts , a beach apartment , luxury holidays , three expensive cars on the drive .
te	10	They resumed their rhythm from the day before of making good time as well as exploring the surroundings on their way .
te	7	" Yeah , you row like girls , " Ricky added .
te	9	Without having agreed beforehand , both of them had asked something for each of their mothers .
te	8	He poured a small amount in a crystal glass which Ethan tasted .
te	10	" Now turn right again , where the road runs behind the store , " Melody said .
te	6	Burned his notes , smashed his equipment and set fire to his lab .
te	6	" I hate them , " " Why , " " Because they took my Mom away . "
te	10	She probably didn 't even know it was stolen ; she was just as innocent as you , dear . "
te	8	Or he might just take my offer and help out during Spy Games .
te	6	Adele 's eyes dilated in shock .
te	7	His hands were bound behind his back .
te	6	' Alas , ' Dave said , ' your hard work created another problem .
te	8	I feel hemmed in by these large trunks .
te	7	" It 's the name of a mountain .
te	11	" The game starts in an hour ; I have to be there in thirty minutes ... " Kaylie notified him .
te	6	For that , he said just wait and see .
te	8	The pair straightened and started to run , the old man glancing over his shoulder .
te	7	Malcolm pursed his lips to the side and took a step back .
te	10	Riordan hadn 't before so I took no notice .
te	8	Gradually , David got stronger although his broken arm mended poorly .
te	11	" Um , Abby , " Rick tapped her shoulder , eyes locked on something in the picture .
te	6	" The portals only work on flat , smooth surfaces .
te	10	He turned and shuffled over to the rear of the truck and had another look .
te	10	He resisted the urge to make it up to her .
te	11	I 'm sure Mr. Noble needs a new bottle of Jack Daniels . "
te	9	It sounded like a sort of fuel starvation , so I headed up to the cockpit to tell the pilot .
te	11	Suddenly , she can picture her face again , smiling down at her in the courtyard full of flowers .
te	11	All attempts to replicate it failed .
te	6	Just tasting their essence , and for the most part , the human doesn 't mind . "
te	7	She came to consciousness as if in a dream .
te	10	Hailey accepted what she must do for her coming family .
te	9	I suggest we move him and move him now , it 's for his own personal safety . "
te	9	" Yes , " said Archie , who was now paying close attention .
te	7	They effectively destroyed the right-hand bunker and shook things up for the other two .
te	10	Sofia let out a sigh of relief , seeing that they were still alive .
te	11	Pretend to be something he wasn 't .
te	6	Meanwhile John Judge and his growing band of followers continued with his planned activities .
te	11	We 'll give it fifteen just to be sure . "
te	10	Or whatever form she chose to take .
te	8	I have a squad down there right now checking it out . "
te	7	Life itself in its ever-expanding glory provided the stage for the celebrations to come .
te	6	I put the picture back on the shelf .
te	6	There were Rattlesnakes , a Turkey Vulture , many giant Ground Squirrels , and long-legged wild Dogs .
te	9	No preaching to the flock in hope that something sticks . "
te	6	Just after dawn the next morning , the three ships set sail for Jamaica .
te	8	Do as you please , just leave me out of your little scheme .
te	11	How it would feel to lose her .
te	8	He let the wolf have the bait .
te	9	Her smile faded and she finished shortly , " I 'm well enough for this . "
te	6	" Wow , " so Japanese people don 't use Facebook ? "
te	11	Gan resisted asking what more she knew of his father .
te	7	" Have you seen King Ine ? "
te	11	No one seemed to be able to say .
te	9	Atticus had posted up on a sand dune near Alita .
te	10	Karen 's mom was young and had a hard time coping with a bitter native son and baby .
te	9	She was obviously fast but no one had any dealing s with her in about a century .
te	11	" I told you it 's not going to happen . "
te	9	" Yeah , Baron , we did toss a few pieces of junk out for you though .
te	5	" Trolls , some kobolds , ravens , and - " " Ravens ? "
te	8	A trio of protesting howls came from the girls .
te	6	She hesitated before the tent opening .
te	7	" That was pretty foolish of you , " she said .
te	7	" Me and Sparky get along just fine , " Pickett said .
te	10	" I 'm sure he 'd like that .
te	10	She wanted to be part of him .
te	6	You know , bouncy house , face painting and the other usual stuff .
te	9	He was running a little easier now ... ... must have got his second wind .
te	11	Not sure he would notice anything if it was right under his nose .
te	10	This is between the Sergeant Major and I. I 'm frankly not even sure why he brought you here . "
te	5	At the same time , my computer made a grinding , stuttering sound .
te	11	That 's not the way this should be working out .
te	8	Just don 't , like , start doing finger pushups or anything .
te	6	" Isn 't this illegal ? "
te	7	It was small and soft , the fingers long , elegant and very , very cold .
te	8	He put one foot on the mat and reached forward about to knock .
te	9	She refused to let go , even with gentle urging from him .
te	7	In another moment the flare reached the water 's surface and it too went out with a hissing sound .
te	10	' We have to gather as many troops as we can . '
te	10	" I see you are back with us , Lieutenant Noble .
te	11	Makes a change from talking about house prices , stable fees or her kids ' private schools .
te	6	The neighborhood was quiet now , the grass and woods a trampled mess .
te	8	But it 's wrong what you 're doing . "
te	8	He said all the patients , including the children , were terminal .
te	10	Unlike the others , Cobb had an almost triumphant look on his face , like the cat that swallowed the canary .
te	5	Hey , can I keep this video ?
te	6	His vision flashed red , his body flailed , and then he went still .
te	9	I won 't pass judgment on Logan , but a blow is completely and utterly unforgiveable among gentlemen .
te	7	" And for you ... " Gabe reaches into the bag , " Goldfish !
te	11	The more he thought about it , the more he felt that young Lukas had been on to something .
te	10	She had to stop getting involved .
te	10	But my mother said she and my father always planned to open a bed and breakfast just like this one .
te	7	Again , a roar broke loose , men slapping their knees as they laughed .
te	10	What he meant with let myself away with the flood ?
te	10	Then she realized what risking her life meant : risking his too .
te	7	Thank you , " said Reggie as the applause died down completely .
te	6	Several minutes later , the voice of the real captain roared over the deck .
te	11	He thought it important to keep his son on his toes , constantly adding to his education .
te	9	To make matters worse , the door opened and Neil came in .
te	8	" All this way and you nearly fly us into the side of a building ! "
te	11	These values are what separate the Gods from the Devil himself . "
te	9	The good thing about visiting them during daylight hours is parking 's readily available .
te	10	If they want to take the dam , they have to land troops and approach from land .
te	6	The American looked up and , amazingly , smiled .
te	6	He sighed and picked up a raw fish , hacking off a piece with his sword .
te	7	" I was only wondering if ... " " No , Dad , " she angrily stressed .
te	8	he murmured into the mouthpiece of his microphone .
te	5	Somewhere , in the distance , he heard a woman cry out .
te	8	Grab on to my back , keep very quite , and lets keep facing the shark . "
te	8	I agreed with her , or the part , which did not , implicates Laurence .
te	10	People are going to name a steak after you . "
te	9	What did I ever have against spying anyway ?
te	7	Doctor Dresden is very quick -- for a human , " Dagger notes .
te	11	But as Bradley was about to make his convincing speech , he heard steps behind .
te	6	* * * The drive home , now early evening , was a slow one .
te	5	' So , you got any other bright ideas ? '
te	11	He paused to let the information sink in for a moment .
te	7	Oddly enough , while he found the smell unavoidable , Matthew didn 't find it completely unbearable .
te	5	" My grandpa was a missionary , too .
te	11	He was probably lying up somewhere this day , having eaten most of the night .
te	11	It takes everything I have not to shudder .
te	9	She saw a flashed of sadness on his eyes but it disappeared when he saw her presence .
te	6	He nodded back , and then a smile brightened his face .
te	8	We have , of course , moved the scriptures to a more secure location . '
te	10	They were talking , laughing and getting to know each other .
te	11	Frank raised his hands involuntarily as a brilliant fireball blossomed from the end of the huge gun .
te	10	Adele straightened and turned back to Eda , a sudden look of quiet determination settling over her features .
te	9	" Don 't you know that only your blood could unlock the book ? "
te	8	" Trying to save my family . "
te	10	" I think you 'll find this Ken Goodspeed particularly pleasant .
te	9	I opened my mouth to answer , but Kron barely left space for a breath .
te	9	Not when I 'm fighting each and every second with all the reserve I 've got left .
te	5	" My prince , your ride , " Lilly Ann proclaimed theatrically .
te	7	Would this traditional community be open to , and embrace , a new menu option and new tastes ?
te	8	I jus ' told ye .
te	10	They encourage the creation of minorities so as to play them off against each other and fragment society .
te	8	She indicated a steel door in a corner of the room .
te	11	I hate what I 'm about to say .
te	10	The world had changed greatly in the thousands and thousands of years he had been trapped below the surface .
te	6	" Yeah thanks , Mickey , but I 'm clean . "
te	10	" You don 't like the haircut I gave you ?
te	8	" You 're the one , Gabriel Shara , " Ishmael had smiled warmly outside under the blazing Pakistani sun .
te	11	" Uncle John told me that you behaved like ... well ... brothers . "
te	10	" I 'm afraid I can 't do that . "
te	5	" So she 's prepped ? "
te	8	They haven 't heard the news yet , and they 'll likely recognize me , " Phillip responded .
te	11	I had to stop myself from laughing out loud .
te	10	" Nothing like a bit of sparring to aid recovery . "
te	7	" Ah ... I forgot , " He said , making me curious .
te	7	He paused , studying our young faces and attires .
te	10	Nathan was shocked and outraged by the talk going around after the battle .
te	9	I grabbed a couple of duffel bags from a closet and packed some clothes in one of them .
te	7	There was no other word for it .
te	8	The bandage on Gan 's shoulder bulged under the tough leather and chain mail of his combat gear .
te	9	He said before Tori could say anything .
te	7	" The magician will have his show , " Tipple 's face and voice back to their normal , reassuring mildness .
te	8	All she could read was " shadows , " " touch , " and " kill . "
te	9	I can 't let both of them go . "
te	6	" Roger that , ground control , " replied Maggie , giving the computer the information .
te	6	Thin body , with a long face and brown hair tress .
te	9	And it was certainly not one of the little workers on the plant .
te	7	He couldn 't help but breath in deeply .
te	8	He asks , reassured with his handiwork .
te	8	" Care to share ? "
te	11	He stared at me , his eyes flickering back and forth , his blood staining my coat .
te	7	The shaft was thirty feet wide and smooth walled .
te	10	Gwendolyn steps through the breach , her swords spinning in her hands menacingly .
te	11	The thought of her unhappiness , and the knowledge that he was the cause of it , made him wince .
te	7	Soon after the stew was finished , they both turned in to sleep .
te	9	" Why do I lose every friend I make .
te	7	A ghost of a smile touched her lips and she dropped her shovel and came over .
te	10	You will tell me where she is , or you will die along with the rest of your people ! "
te	8	" I may prefer the luxury of the port .
te	6	" I just blurt things out , Mana . "
te	6	" Yes , my father died , gosh , ten years ago , and Mom died last year . "
te	11	I 've had enough of lazing around for months .
te	10	Sarah looked away to hide the emotion stinging her eyes again .
te	7	" The crystal is the head of the staff .
te	5	" ' Bout bloody time you blokes got off your backsides .
te	6	Instead , she took a long , hard look out across the plains .
te	10	The results were unmistakable , without their powerful shields the enemy ships were horribly vulnerable .
te	8	Except I can 't drive and I don 't know anyone in this stupid town .
te	8	That 's just the way it is . "
te	6	The horse was big , at least seventeen hands .
te	7	A strange yellow energy surged furiously out from my hand and knocked the metal creature into the wall .
te	9	He knelt , checking for a pulse and finding none .
te	8	" I do indeed search for it , yet I may only guess at its location .
te	8	I think he liked me .
te	10	She tapped Rick 's arm and asked if she could go play .
te	6	" Make your coffee , " he muttered , " We 're heading out just now . "
te	8	The air conditioner hummed from somewhere on the other side of the house .
te	11	Mama has always joked that she 's been in a spin ever since .
te	9	He hadn 't been able to sleep .
te	6	Long skirts just make you trip up , ' he nodded at her knowingly .
te	6	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
te	6	" Just making a joke , is all .
te	8	The car , now known to the guards , was allowed in through the outer gate .
te	9	As being touched by him .
te	9	There 's no way to stop it now .
te	8	Karen had walked this road many times as a child and it didn 't seem any shorter now .
te	9	They reached a set of stairs leading down .
te	6	He put a hand out and grabbed her arm . "
te	11	I really wanted to see what it felt like .
te	6	" There , " she said and pointed straight down .
te	10	Jonesy was already hot in his suit as he closed down the inner hatch of the Russian beer can .
te	7	He seems so remorseless in the daylight .
te	10	I 'm still waiting to hear from Robbie .
te	9	Close enough to seize them .
te	10	Crafted birds seemed animated to flight , escaping from their prisons of pine and oak .
te	8	Destro stood in his private office , gazing out the large window , hands clasped behind his back .
te	7	Long , even strides carry him into the foliage , and his energy calms down at last .
te	11	You didn 't even feel me crawling over you , thirty minutes after we parted ways ?
te	7	Harald said in a tone no less biting than his nephew .
te	9	I turned to face her and smiled .
te	6	" Well , here goes nothing , " Gregor said , and gave the wheel a yank .
te	6	I shook it off and took a deep breath .
te	6	Harder than any muscles she 'd ever touched .
te	8	When Noah did not get an answer he turned around to face Bump .
te	11	He was thirty-six when named Director of the new ISE .
te	8	A transparent shield materializes around him , encasing his body within a dark sphere .
te	7	He took a step back and examined me with a critical eye .
te	10	Mark thought this to be pretty typical of Jon .
te	9	So much for resting up , thought Beau as he slowly swung his legs out of bed .
te	10	Here is a spirit that will not be repressed .
te	8	Haskins glanced toward the wreck , snapping another picture before answering .
te	9	Has he ... has he been killed ? "
te	6	He only received warning flashes back from the dark ochre eyes .
te	6	Very soon the snake and the dog appeared through their respective holes in the fence .
te	6	In fact , you just might kill me .
te	7	" Don 't sound too excited , " his father laughed .
te	5	" I said move ! "
te	9	Truth , she could even really be a Creator -- it is possible , though she looks young .
te	7	Her red hair is unbound and plastered around her head .
te	10	" Oh sure , you can design the environments for me when I switch over to 3D . "
te	10	Catching himself before he tumbles onto the stairs , he lifts a shoulder to glance back at the duo .
te	7	She lay back down , closed her eyes , and donned a satisfied smile .
te	6	For the first time today , his muscles ached and fatigue set in his joints .
te	8	Simon opened his mouth again , but he obviously decided not to reply .
te	10	I think I was murdered in there . "
te	8	" The other guys made me bring her .
te	7	Out the window , he saw a crowd of people and horses in the front yard .
te	6	" You 're not the King , are you ? "
te	6	Once inside , we found an administration office on the ground floor .
te	7	" That 's bloody nice work , " a male voice with a hot English accent said behind me .
te	10	Bet they 're famous for it . "
te	10	Jacob nodded and , having picked out our friend from the chaos , ran towards him .
te	9	When she finished sending that code , however , she was forced to confront her dilemma .
te	10	' Right , ' she said in a tone that bade no argument .
te	10	Curse immortality that comes with hangovers .
te	9	It is so absorbing to live there !
te	9	She shook her head , as if driving some thought away , and raised a clenched fist .
te	11	He threw himself from the ship into the whirlpool of angry waters , knowing he was losing his mind . "
te	8	" Jack , " she said in a deferential tone , " you know how it went down .
te	7	" They ran onto a sandbar in seventy mile an hour winds and thirty foot waves . "
te	9	Isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
te	6	" I do understand , Rafe .
te	5	On the other hand , I am , well , rather bookish . "
te	10	There was another that could guide him .
te	11	" Anything you 'd like to discuss ? "
te	8	" I 'll write to them today , at any rate , " he said .
te	10	The hair was crested , standing up with the bear grease and with red feathers , trailing backward .
te	10	Who tells you where to send me ?
te	10	I won 't let anything happen to you , " Cade soothed .
te	10	They towed it back to camp and moved it into one of the larger unused storage sheds and closed the doors .
te	6	" Actually I go by Alejo .
te	11	I knew he wanted to protect me .
te	8	We 've been sitting here in silence too long .
te	7	Hilda left shortly after their conversation and returned an hour later with a dead snowshoe hare .
te	9	" Think you he will cause yet more trouble ? "
te	8	To mark the special day , Sarah had allowed a fire in the hearth .
te	10	She was tired of continuously being on the run .
te	5	For seven generations , the family 's branches will wither and die .
te	6	" Come now , " she said , " surely the Death Boss of Chicago is above such pettiness .
te	6	" Lieutenant Flaherty , as you well know , the commander of a tank company is normally a Captain .
te	9	" You wanted to say something to me . "
te	11	Still , it had to be better than walking .
te	6	" Of course I knew all along , " said Stubby , somewhat unconvincingly .
te	9	" Told him not to wander off , " he mumbles to himself , quickly growing stressed .
te	7	Brazen could probably understand why .
te	8	" So what you 're saying is that someone killed the foal ? "
te	8	" I know what her name is , " Mrs. Davis said , a distant look in her eyes .
te	10	" You know I don 't believe in that crap . "
te	6	It had been his penance .
te	8	While he waited , Mike glanced to the left at the counters for Japanese passport holders .
te	5	" Who is it please ? "
te	8	He spent the next few years roaming about , stealing things and beating people up .
te	6	You , girl , when we go , you cover this hole up with the net .
te	9	I had never killed before , except at the hunt of course .
te	7	He shifted his feet and turned red .
te	5	" Sure , bud , " Lance nodded .
te	6	Alejo frowned at the stuff suspiciously .
te	9	" That 's nice , he does provoke some novel thinking at times , " laughed William .
te	6	Malcolm crossed the room and grabbed my hand .
te	10	She smiled and said , ' You can call me Janice . '
te	10	But Gabriel didn 't need to think about it .
te	9	And what do you know !
te	9	" I am as surprised as anyone by what we have seen and heard .
te	11	Kaylie thought he sounded more frightened than anything .
te	9	Now we were edging into the realm of insult .
te	8	In black it looked sinister , a single curling wave in an oval .
te	6	Little by little , Kendra tilted the black tip up higher , incrementally increasing the rate of her descent .
te	11	" Do you think he saw us ? "
te	8	" Luckily I thought of bringing these ! "
te	9	The silver plate was chased with gold and the helm he carried under one arm matched .
te	6	But do not worry , my friend , it is only body damage . "
te	5	The stacked Hungarian female , smooth skin , with the big ... . "
te	7	And with networks come leaks .
te	10	The raw emotions played over his face as she watched Roberto reliving those dreadful times .
te	8	She had to tell the guys up front .
te	5	Got ta go , " Tori said and left .
te	10	I 'll hide it , and I won 't let the Headmistress find it , I promise . "
te	6	She nodded to the shelves in her store .
te	11	We have to tell each other all of our secrets , " Jess said .
te	6	" Yeah , that 's the place , " he muttered .
te	7	" Some people leave older clothes behind and , " Regent paused , " others don 't need them anymore . "
te	7	Lars said , entertaining Abby .
te	8	" Dawn will be upon us in only minutes , " Clancy said .
te	8	We will have one chance at this partner .
te	8	Mark turned slowly around after the fireball quickly burnt itself out .
te	9	" He 's a handsome fellow , isn 't he ? "
te	9	" How do you know which way to go ? "
te	8	Falconer pulled the pin on one of the small hand grenades .
te	11	Seven left ... They too carried two batons , seeking to have equal ground .
te	7	It didn 't benefit the people , and Martin 's egalitarian principles rankled at that .
te	9	The blades flashed under the lights , blocking bullets and carving through flesh .
te	9	I have often wondered about that after that first time with Gema .
te	7	" Why didn 't you ask for his autograph , too ? "
te	9	The gorge floor was littered with rocks of all shapes and sizes .
te	10	" What to do with you . "
te	8	asked Reggie around a mouthful of barbeque .
te	8	The plan had worked , Kingston had been defeated , narrowly , but still had a loss on his record .
te	11	Through transparent bulkheads she sees faces looking out at her .
te	11	They looked far ahead , looking for anything that moved .
te	11	" Believe me when I tell you life is short .
te	6	For your slaves , for your Dax , for The Horde and ... for you . "
te	8	He examined the picture and matched it with the one he had seen in the locket .
te	6	" Exactly , " Adam agreed , " That 's it in a nutshell . "
te	7	Chapter XXIV The days following Rupert 's departure were unbearably long .
te	11	" Heck , I don 't know what 's wrong , we were designed by the lowest bidder after all . "
te	7	The two guns on the Spanish ship fired nearly simultaneously and again the shots were too short .
te	7	Maybe it was a sense of caution .
te	9	He wanted to be with her forever .
te	6	Josie grabbed the phone and ended the call .
te	11	She thought I 'm not sure I do .
te	9	" Happy to hear it , Sparky , " the man said anyway .
te	9	" Why would you want to come down here ?
te	8	" No , Rick , it simply changes the molecular state of the objects you place into it to air .
te	6	" You know , " said Gordon , " that voice sure sounds familiar . "
te	10	" Did you see the price he was selling it for ? "
te	7	" Maybe that guy brought it , " said Frank pointing out at the river .
te	9	" And now I think that we had best visit Finan . "
te	8	Dane did , and found sergeant 's stripes , a silver star , and a purple heart .
te	5	Like the cattle earlier , the people parted then .
te	8	Rick motioned for everyone to be patient .
te	8	" I 'm OK , but you should see the lion , " Rick joked .
te	10	he asked , straining to remain calm .
te	7	Rand pulled on the reins and wheeled his horse about .
te	10	Tucker laughed , fighting to get free .
te	8	I like to read , but anything I write is utterly foul .
te	7	Then the two men nodded at each other and left for their separate destinations .
te	7	The roofs come almost to the battlements , " He noted .
te	8	They had used up a lot of fuel on the last try .
te	5	" No , no I don 't , Ivan , " Mr. White said slowly .
te	9	" They didn 't bark because they knew them .
te	10	It 's weird how it always seems to happen . "
te	11	I spent the next two hours poring over the information in Strauss 's papers .
te	9	I need proof of ownership , insurance and a driver 's license . "
te	11	They got beyond the range of the arrows coming from shore quickly with no one injured .
te	9	" It must have worked or we would have heard from him by now . "
te	8	He was so dear to me when he was sleeping .
te	9	Once they 're one and a half cycles old , they 're drafted into the military .
te	9	His wish makes the energy flow to get him the T-shirt .
te	9	Back in the bedroom she applied makeup then stepped into a summer dress .
te	8	Not since before he went to prison .
te	7	Rafe 's shoulders began to shake .
te	10	The tunnels formed a corridor which worked in a circular pattern .
te	8	She held both the sides of the boat , peering over the waters with a small smile .
te	7	Then , he slowly reversed back into the docking port and grabbed the American flag and pole .
te	8	He rose and brought the map on the bed over to the table .
te	5	Kit , I - " " Oh , Pendleton , " she said .
te	5	" But how did Pedro " escape " ? "
te	11	The blizzard 's intensity had heightened , dumping even greater amounts of snow onto the upper regions above us .
te	10	" I need you to help me tell a story .
te	6	The rain never let up for a moment .
te	10	Adele hardly noticed ; all she could think of was Finn .
te	6	' It 's a force field , ' she said , quietly .
te	10	She couldn 't really just say , Yes , I was about to turn you into charcoal .
te	7	But there were more pressing issues for the moment .
te	11	' Fine , if you don 't mind him seeing your boobs . '
te	10	Chapter 1 - Still Little Avery was afraid for the first time in his life .
te	9	" Ugh , " he grunted as he touched a swollen area around his eye .
te	10	I have never encountered one like it and I would not like to do so again . "
te	11	The Prince waited , sweat beading on his face and in the small of his back .
te	10	It was cold but it didn 't look like more snow on the way .
te	6	' At some time , probably not immediately after the Resurrection Event , an image became visible upon the larger cloth .
te	11	" Well , the healers aren 't entirely sure what to make of it .
te	7	Neil came up behind him and grabbed his collar .
te	6	' Wait here , ' she said and disappeared into the kitchen .
te	8	Dane and Derrick head off to the stables , grab a couple of horses and start doing their thing .
te	6	The captain asked in all sincerity .
te	10	The giddy band watched as Richard 's eyes closed to listen .
te	10	' Do you think they would ? '
te	9	And you say he 's been captured ?
te	11	We need to get away while there is still time . "
te	6	" The Prince of Ravens , " it said in a voice like the crypt .
te	8	Just sign the log please , and I 'll get her ready . "
te	11	Marie cut our conversation short when she entered with a kettle and poured us tea .
te	8	He laid it on the table and slid it across for the boys to see .
te	9	She headed to the kitchen , but a light was shining from Uncle Virgil 's study .
te	9	Do you love her ? "
te	8	" Red , I 'm fine , thank you for asking , " Lisa says as she straightens and turns .
te	6	His voice comes from above .
te	9	But I saw something off to my right , either in the underbrush or at the edge of it .
te	8	The engines settled into a rhythmic drone as he pulled the throttles back .
te	10	Women 'll be after you like trout after cheese . "
te	8	" Not in a million years , " Lilly Ann burst out laughing , " Don 't get your hopes up .
te	9	He knew it was killing him .
te	9	After a minute , Simon managed to regain some composure and entered into the hospital room .
te	7	" Yes , I told Grand about you .
te	6	I keep my eyes on the oblivious fish .
te	10	If all went as planned it would be a day 's journey at a pace much less demanding .
te	7	It had originated from elsewhere in the mansion .
te	6	" My men saw your brother at Santa Apollonia .
te	9	" There is no use in following him farther today .
te	10	They had heard many stories told by Night Walker and others .
te	7	She huffed into the otherwise quiet morning .
te	9	Wendy was starting to look worried .
te	7	" Perhaps the ship will rock in the waves tonight . "
te	8	Presently the man halted , opened a door , and drew aside for Valerian to enter .
te	5	Jim we still got communications ? "
te	11	The words were not said easily , but they were more precious to Adele for that very reason .
te	7	" Had a flash , " Mark said , sitting up straight .
te	6	A sudden look of foreboding entered his eyes .
te	8	The roar of the blade caught Nuru 's attention and he turned his eyes towards me and I charged him .
te	9	But Harald had taken an interest in him , and made him an honorary member of the court .
te	8	" Take a deep breath in through your nose , " she whispered .
te	11	" We don 't want to be late on our first morning . "
te	7	" I 'm draining live fish for food .
te	8	After the third , then the fourth apartment , Tsuyoshi seemed also to lose heart .
te	6	" My big brother and my sister-in-law to be , you both look very happy together . "
te	11	" Do you think that will work ? "
te	6	Peyton towered in the doorway , but no group .
te	10	See what they have to say .
te	11	She said she wanted to come here .
te	6	" But ... how will you cook it ? "
te	8	She had taken the items out often and thought about her dad .
te	7	As the waiting mountains grew closer , mile by mile , uncertainty sliced away at his earlier satisfaction .
te	8	The pressures weren 't completely equal between his suit and the airlock .
te	11	It 's just that it 's pretty cool to hear her . "
te	8	" I think the girl is scared !
te	7	I yelled , my voice reaching a new fervor .
te	6	We sat in the senior quad with our usual group , including Austin , Kate , Ben , and Landon .
te	8	She grabbed her brand new school bag off her bed and her Yorkshire Terrier puppy , Stella woke up .
te	10	The king knew that it would be an uneasy rest for him tonight .
te	11	" I am not sure I 've come across that word before .
te	6	Beneath the photos a cardboard box , an old shoe box .
te	9	I was ordered to retrieve it .
te	11	Everything appeared to be in working order .
te	9	She laughed and turned to face him .
te	6	" Please , " said Bethany breathlessly , " do you have any food ?
te	11	Nobody said you had to go anywhere .
te	6	" All missiles blew up sir , they never made a thousand feet . "
te	10	" OK , class , let 's try to answer all of these questions .
te	7	Maybe one day he 'd tell them more .
te	6	" That 's the Dead Chicken , all right , " said Jonesy .
te	11	There is a war to be won , my friends , and this was your first taste of battle . "
te	9	" We need to think about this . "
te	10	Zinger left with the two men who always accompanied him .
te	6	" Guess ... Guess you 're right , " she stammered with resignation .
te	7	Better pour him a cup of coffee .
te	5	We 're not even engaged .
te	5	" Oh , all right , you big baby , " she said .
te	10	" I don 't need to see this , " said Victoria , making a sour face .
te	6	This time he was driving an anonymous Ford Mondeo 1.6 L .
te	10	We 've got to keep going ! "
te	6	" I built it , " he drove the surprise to a new peak .
te	5	" Careful it 's quite heavy .
te	8	Mark and Kaori were now also in pretty close proximity , leaving Mike and Tsubasa in a conversational void .
te	7	We would 've had a normal first kiss .
te	11	He was unsure of what she was speaking of .
te	10	I left the hut , returned to my Audi and collected what I needed .
te	7	" About to have some company , you are . "
te	6	Of course , they didn 't listen and the guy grew even angrier .
te	8	Maria pouted turning away from Connor .
te	8	" I love you , my love , " she whispered and they dozed off into a wonderful carefree sleep .
te	10	He resisted the instinct to move to her side .
te	10	" Are they going to do something ? "
te	7	" It was part of your training . "
te	11	Rafe 's eyes met his and saw them gleam with excitement , then he kicked the chair from between .
te	9	She knew , now , that she really did love him .
te	11	He called a halt to the march knowing a brief respite would do them well .
te	9	He has changed into a navy polo shirt with white buttons at the collar .
te	6	His only thought was for her lands !
te	9	At home I have prepared a suitcase that you will need .
te	9	He needed to hide for awhile .
te	8	The created monster in me , whispered that Abigail Woods was lying .
te	6	" Yes , sir , " said the corporal in a compassionate tone .
te	5	But for some crazy reason , it felt right .
te	7	Reggie gave Tim a smile and a thumbs ' up gesture .
te	7	" What happen to your sister ? "
te	6	" No better than rats from a sinking - " " Good morn , my family !
te	5	Bright blue wings became bronzed muscle and sinew , scars and tattoos .
te	10	A ride to space is certainly worth the price they are asking .
te	9	Wanting to help me ? "
te	10	He resisted the urge to punch in keys at random .
te	9	But for now , chin up , you have a mission and it needs to be completed . "
te	10	Bill waved a letter he produced from his pocket .
te	7	The men towered over them , stronger and older , but no matter .
te	10	" It can be resolving if he takes his medicine .
te	9	Most people wouldn 't live like this if they had a choice . "
te	9	The Bastian convoy was getting ready to move .
te	10	The bags in which he 'd found the tools were generic things , sold at hundreds of outlets throughout the region .
te	8	" Wings extended , falling through 52,000 .
te	6	Shimmer kept to cleared pathways , as the sun shone brighter there than in the trees .
te	5	" White , older model , long bed , probably a Ford F150 , just the driver . "
te	7	Ironically , Olsson 's demise at Reid 's hands had also been his final one .
te	6	No cells phones at school !
te	11	Such thoughts only prove to infect the heart with sadness in the end .
te	6	" Apparently , your Great , Great , Grandmother , Madelyn went back to Earth as your daughter . "
te	7	Claire tried not to laugh .
te	10	You cannot be successful manufacturing a product you don 't like or believe in .
te	11	My boss said you would be coming in today . "
te	9	He sat up with a loud curse , rubbing his head and glaring at the five men .
te	5	A thick , dark , soupy liquid slopped against her viewing slot , engulfed her .
te	6	" Sir , thank you most kindly for your hospitality . "
te	9	The roadster skidded into a lay-by , raising a cloud of dirt and gravel .
te	9	It may discourage them from continuing , though I doubt it . "
te	10	She knew I had to go .
te	10	She clutched her collar to cover any bruises on her throat .
te	11	Mai smirks , happy to be developing a healthy rapport once again .
te	6	" Quick , come see this ! "
te	9	You say ' don 't upset the wolves , and they 'll leave you alone . '
te	9	" After that we 're married , she will wear one like mother does -- silver and sapphire . "
te	6	The Volvo 's bumper caught the immortal across the legs .
te	6	She then turned and blended into the crowd .
te	6	" My curiosity runs very deep , " he said , his voice heavy .
te	6	Alejo swore under his breath .
te	8	She sat in the pitch black of the garage .
te	6	The fourth turned the van around and opened up the back doors .
te	7	The engineer barked out an order for the first team to go .
te	8	He grabbed the can of Spam and peeled the lid off .
te	10	I need to get to the sound , I need to save Ryan .
te	9	Rick calmly lowered himself into the water until he submerged them both .
te	8	The trigger-happy soldiers opened fire where it fell , the barrels of their guns hung over the tailgate .
te	7	My lungs burned , so I plopped down on a hard wooden bench .
te	5	Another flash of red up there !
te	11	Teresa Perez grew to adulthood under the expert parenting of Hawk .
te	7	Satisfied , he closed the phone and slid it back into his pocket .
te	10	The rest would follow if he did not get free .
te	11	Hot breath made hairs on the back of my neck stand up .
te	7	You can bet your last penny on that .
te	9	You need someone to speak for you .
te	6	I tackled Grand , and we fought .
te	6	Elaina gave him a dry look , and his bright expression faded .
te	9	Summery high heels transformed her reflection provided she held her stomach in . '
te	5	" So , the hot dogs were a good idea , right ? "
te	6	" He is my brother , " a voice mumbled from the other end .
te	10	And if I help him , the Prince thought , I 'll be allowed to come home .
te	8	Good to see you . '
te	7	As he approached the camp , he heard the Exiles conversing softly .
te	9	Bone armor would have given way to metal , clubs to maces and swords .
te	9	Six days later , Drew was limping through a camp , looking for a certain person .
te	6	The ringing reminded her of her last year at the Academy .
te	9	He pulled the packet from the envelope and scanned the first few lines , before looking at his watch .
te	6	An ice breaker , a nice little touch of humour , no hard feelings , water under the bridge .
te	8	Something was keeping Seven pinned facedown to the ground , and he shifted it off with his free arm .
te	8	It was a dark night , and there was much dancing around the fire .
te	10	I kept calling for my Mom and Dad , but there was still no answer .
te	9	Do we have enough ? "
te	9	Still he would have preferred the white beaches and breezes of Labuan .
te	10	" And we 're here to save him and the little guy with him . "
te	7	Have you told others about the Prism ?
te	8	The girl had jumped back from the blanket , and stood staring at him with wide eyes .
te	6	Other than that everything is fine . "
te	7	She reeked of alcohol and tobacco , Faro 's favorite vices besides women .
te	8	The bar , sporting neon signs for mostly European beers , was by far the busiest area of the caf .
te	10	Ethan saw that the news wasn 't being received well .
te	10	He wouldn 't mind trying one of the new suits .
te	10	Captain Alfonso was found with their father 's merchant ship , healthy and with a toothless grin .
te	10	He didn 't feel so much apart as part of this place now .
te	10	Stella bent on her knees to rest momentarily .
te	8	We have to do something soon .
te	8	He was pulled out of the chair onto his feet , and his hands were tied behind him .
te	9	They were simply passing the time in a carefree and merry fashion .
te	8	Benton didn 't seem to notice .
te	6	" Leave us , " he said to the two guards .
te	10	" You have to take care of yourself .
te	11	That was to keep me from sending messages .
te	11	" Some guys thought so , but I always felt like I was caught in the middle .
te	8	Desperately , I hauled on the wheel and dragged my coupé hard over back to the left .
te	8	And running through the buildings all the way to the horizon were thick bands of native bush .
te	11	" Well , that 's what it 's meant to be . "
te	8	Regardless of its qualities , the duel was not a light venture to undertake .
te	9	Some of the men paused to glance at us curiously before going about their duties .
te	6	Among the letters and other parcels was a brightly wrapped holiday present .
te	6	In the darkness , we hesitated mere feet from the room .
te	9	The escort left him as soon as he reached the camp .
te	11	Karl asked , not being used to this kind of strict discipline .
te	11	" Wait , " she starts , her tone changing drastically as she searches for the right words .
te	9	I 've known your mother for over twenty years now ... ... .
te	9	He would be proud if he knew the truth .
te	6	I brought some ointment and tended his wounds .
te	11	But what do you know about , say , electricity ? "
te	10	Don 't tell me she and Jeff are planning to have kids .
te	6	Back in the WBC News studio , the anchor says , " Thanks , Mark .
te	8	He took a number of measurements and copied them onto the paper .
te	5	" He 's right here , your Highness . "
te	6	The tears are dripping off my face .
te	5	" That wasn 't me . "
te	9	Sofia instantly dropped the twig on her hand upon seeing the wild beasts at her face .
te	10	" I don 't think they were here , " said Jace .
te	8	' That would have been even worse ' he shouted .
te	5	Course they 're not completely stupid .
te	11	We didn 't know what was going on inside the hospital .
te	10	I suspected I knew why .
te	5	Now he was a fugitive as well ?
te	10	" What do you think they did with all the rock from those tunnels ?
te	6	" Oh , it 's just a small town , " he replied , " called Dry Gut . "
te	9	" And what are you going to tell the Chinese ? "
te	11	Soma was glad to be left alone at last .
te	10	When his mind was as preoccupied , as it was now , it was his custom to pace .
te	9	He stood there , taking the shots , until the two agents were out of ammunition .
te	10	It took Chris another moment to figure it out , but that was becoming a pattern with this guy anyway .
te	6	The grass and the woods smelled great , but her smell was the best .
te	10	You know Wordsworth is buried near the Gingerbread Shop ?
te	8	I 'm trying to rest .
te	9	Davidoff asked as he moved back to his comfortable perch on the drawing table .
te	7	Any references to real world events , people , products or places are used in a fictitious manner .
te	5	The wee bumps more than treble the effective surface area .
te	8	She 's called me , finally , and come back home at last . "
te	7	I have never had a double before , first the mother and now the daughter " he sneered .
te	6	" So far , all of them are alive , Sir .
te	7	Maybe that adult gene was finally kicking in , he thought .
te	8	I want it locked down .
te	7	" Absolutely ... but I never set foot on the property . "
te	6	" Can I stay , too ? "
te	10	That night we were eating dinner when someone knocked at the door .
te	8	" Try it , " she dares , briefly twirling her weapon and taking a defensive stance .
te	6	Michael and I said , " Bad idea , " at precisely the same time .
te	9	" I 'm afraid lunch is cold .
te	10	There were sleek , muscular , designs from Italy with names like Maserati and Ferrari .
te	5	See you next summer , Mary .
te	7	The retired guys will probably show up in suits or blazers .
te	9	Gema 's Jag was parked out front and a yellow light shone from one of the windows .
te	8	I even spoke with him personally , but the man was firm -- he was going to hunt .
te	9	Silence , broken by the crackling of the hot metal rewarded his actions .
te	5	The fountains and gardens were easy enough as well .
te	9	I didn 't know what to do .
te	7	Rafe gritted his teeth but could not ignore the challenge .
te	10	" That 's quiet an undertaking , " the Prince said , not knowing what else to say .
te	7	The general bowed to us formally and faced Joseph .
te	10	If anyone comes within metres of their sensors they will be in for a big surprise ! "
te	6	" I 'm not an idiot , man , " Ramirez said , his expression neutral .
te	7	" ... my mother , my sister , my brother ... He was my master , " Raven added .
te	7	Returning to the house , he found a spot in the shade and lay down .
te	11	My body was sprawled out on the hardest bed man could engineer .
te	6	The air in the room is stale and heavy , tinted with old perfume and lazy dust particles .
te	7	" It has moved off to the north .
te	5	Turning the corner ... " Hello , 007 . "
te	8	There was a viewing terminal opposite me , and I watched a news report regarding the recent events .
te	6	Alejo blinked fast , obviously pleased with her idea .
te	6	" I know , " she says , " I can 't help it . "
te	11	Calvin sat wondering what Dave would say next .
te	10	He was now on the top of the FBI 's ' unofficial ' most wanted list .
te	9	Without Elaina as a hostage she would never manage to bind him again .
te	10	" The ones we used were all destined to perish in their orphanages . "
te	7	Without any thought , she pulled him into an embrace and kissed both his cheeks .
te	10	Connor slowly shook his head and walked into the bathroom turning on the shower .
te	10	They are -- they look like -- the legs of a kid or a ewe still in the womb . "
te	11	Boyd said making the effort to be polite .
te	6	" Could 've fooled me . "
te	11	She was embarrassed to be caught playing .
te	8	John jerked his head absentmindedly to indicate behind him .
te	10	Did you ever wonder why ? "
te	9	Its personal its part of me and it 's just the way it is .
te	8	" You need to rest , " I encouraged .
te	11	" It 's my passion to help people , or at least how much I can .
te	5	In my books , at least for a short while , I could escape .
te	9	I just couldn 't see how they fit together yet .
te	9	Beaming , he added , " We 'll make an artist out of you yet !
te	7	Sam went aboard , and I passed the fuel and battery up to him .
te	8	Tension spread through every line of his body .
te	7	On the other hand , Laurence was watching me in silent , thinking .
te	9	Since then , they closed the town borders , " until better times . "
te	8	Beppe continued as he offered Candice his right hand .
te	7	" The pages were blank , I had opened the book and it was empty . "
te	8	She wanted to walk away .
te	6	" Let 's go . "
te	9	He wondered for a minute if he really cared about such things .
te	7	What is money to pride ?
te	9	When Candice looked up at the towers breaking the skyline , she immediately broke into laughter .
te	8	" Sooner we kill them all , the better , " he declared vehemently .
te	10	That meant that what she was reading was only seconds , or at the most , minutes .
te	9	He and Pierre had talked about that in detail .
te	10	They were alert , their gaze fixed on the ship in front of them .
te	7	He shook his fist as my Audi sped past but didn 't break his stride .
te	11	Sofia raised her hands , trying to calm the beast but it was no use .
te	5	" Oh , my , " Leah said , and Isaac laughed .
te	9	" They didn 't keep THAT on board for its eggs , my boy , because that is rabbit .
te	5	" That little reborn and her eternal mate stand no chance .
te	7	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
te	10	" We need to be cautious and catch him off guard . "
te	11	At least this didn 't happen in the winter , thought Nathan , the worst of the cold is past .
te	9	I guess in the truest sense , it is only there that we are truly alone .
te	10	Camden did just as he was asked though and helped get his sister inside to rest .
te	11	" On the contrary , sir , our thanks for making our walk that much shorter . "
te	8	However , when my country came under attack from allied nations , we turned to you for help .
te	8	" You can 't do stupid shit like that , you can 't . "
te	10	That 's why Kim will make a brilliant parent and I wouldn 't .
te	7	Finally the motor boat turned away in a slow curve and headed out the river .
te	10	He seemed to feel her eyes on him , and turned to meet her gaze .
te	6	" I 'm sorry , brother , about everything ... I 'm sorry . "
te	8	" How could you bargain for your own life and not hers ? "
te	9	The more she thought about it , the odder it became .
te	11	Think he 's out by now ? "
te	7	She turned her attention to the gypsy holding David and pointed the gun at him .
te	8	Not sure how to do that here . "
te	11	" You going to stay in town or come out to Eaton Bishop ? "
te	6	It is a family heirloom , " she said firmly .
te	9	Julian was standing in front of him .
te	9	Dead is dead , by the Elements , with the Elements , or otherwise .
te	9	David thought about answering him , but thought it to be silly .
te	5	Flannel nightgowns are highly underrated , soft and comforting .
te	11	" Unfortunately yours seem to have caught up with you and they are demanding retribution . "
te	7	The two attack sections boarded their vehicles as planned , one headed North with their passenger and the other South .
te	7	Doctor Everett and Doctor Dresden , walking side by side , emerge a meter behind them .
te	10	Jeff nodded , " I know it will work , Captain .
te	8	She stood apprehensively by the door with her arms crossed , waiting to dive back inside .
te	10	" Well , he didn 't think much of what he sold .
te	8	Theories of Maya decline blame overpopulation , foreign invasion , peasant revolt , or the collapse of trade routes .
te	10	Jason shakes his head , a look of deep displeasure on his face .
te	10	Adam winced as saw the dead bodies of his former colleagues .
te	10	They are looking for something , and I believe that something is the crystal , or me . "
te	10	Rand was startled by the coldness of Rafe 's tone .
te	8	" We should also put together a bag for Maya . "
te	9	He was taking control of his council , not the other way around .
te	10	" Good , that 's about one for every bone in your body , " Archie said .
te	8	" Make sure you get that window fixed , " he said loud enough for the other locals to hear .
te	10	It was like the return of a triumphant Roman general , complete with feasting .
te	9	The major released his belt , grasping Sgt Oberlin 's shoulder and pointing at the panicking soldier .
te	11	Burning Arrow suggested to the chief that the sentries be increased around the village and cornfields .
te	8	My eyes widened slightly : I recognised one of them .
te	8	He held a bleeding Anatole under the shoulders ; the Bastian driver had acquired a second gunshot wound to his abdomen .
te	10	" I 'm not going to be here for the summer .
te	9	Turning on the 5x combo infrared night sight he looked through the telescope .
te	11	She blinked like Lizards do to reset their vision .
te	6	The lady slipped into the crowds like any other tourist .
te	8	But she would not listen to him and he could not lie to this man .
te	10	They were being replaced by open swathes of ground .
te	6	Her head was pounding , her ears were ringing , she felt sick , her shoulder burned .
te	6	Noah was always so happy-go-lucky and watched way too many cartoons .
te	11	" Here 's something for sale in Wal-Mart that wasn 't made in China . "
te	10	" How long until we need to be in place ? "
te	5	She wore a short red layered dress -- Roaring Twenties style .
te	7	Huge expanses of fields , meadows and vineyards were replaced with mountains .
te	6	" Ask her what ? "
te	7	The quick change in color rivets my eyes , sets little shivers vibrating down my spine .
te	6	" Mom , I can tell you everything , right ? "
te	8	He was staring at it , looking confused and upset .
te	6	In a split second he had silently asked and answered his own question .
te	9	He climbed onto the bus with his injured head held high .
te	9	They were laughing at him , of course .
te	5	Brandon 's short , wavy brown hair was now savagely wild and shoulder-length .
te	7	Bax nodded , then yanked the away the top of the crate , fully exposing the object inside .
te	9	" Think it will just automatically open ? "
te	8	His enthusiasm made her laugh , but she nodded , then slipped her arms around his waist .
te	8	The other ship was captured , we must help them ... " Her voice broke in fear .
te	7	I stepped closer to him and lowered my voice .
te	9	Tomas and I took care of the rest of the Hunters before you awoke again . '
te	10	That 's how his furniture stores became so well known , him and Mister Bobo .
te	9	She sighed , he only ever looked like that when he was with her .
te	6	The words don 't come , but they will .
te	8	" Well , " I began , " even if you did steel it , congrats ! "
te	6	" The son Cain was up above murdering his brother Abel . "
te	9	They filed downstairs to wait for Abby .
te	11	Joseph had claimed it was there from Mercedes ' abduction .
te	7	Barbara and Katherine slid the passenger door open and climbed onto the bench seat .
te	7	I thought and then I heard a call and felt a presence .
te	9	I led her out through the back door and headed towards the woods at the rear of the mansion .
te	11	Consider yourself lucky that you have come away from this episode unharmed .
te	6	Mudd thought for a few seconds .
te	9	She pulled the wine bottles from the saddlebags and turned to join the crowd .
te	9	" You think I do not know that ? "
te	9	Lilly Ann put in the first gear and took off with gravel shooting out under the back wheels .
te	6	His mouth quirks up in a short smile .
te	10	Gary and Susan McKinnon had worked for two decades with the CIA , slowly growing disillusioned with every passing year .
te	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
te	9	When Falconer extended it for him to handle , he stepped back , shaking his head .
te	7	She pulled up a chair to the bed and leaned in close .
te	9	I also want the night shift re-installed but in all three barns .
te	7	He was in a particularly expansive mood ; it might make the difference .
te	10	I don 't even ask if I can go in .
te	9	I knocked again , but this time with a bit of more straight , like a cheap jack .
te	10	Larger than the preceding two , the ninja seems depressed , leaning forward whilst sitting upon the small chest .
te	9	I can do this and I am not staying on Sanctuary , " Maya growls .
te	11	" I 'm afraid I can stay here no longer , though , " she said .
te	5	But in return , he only gave me a broken smile .
te	9	Lea was ready to fight again .
te	8	Most disturbing was her suggested undercurrent of confused , almost helpless fear .
te	9	What would you say if we prayed , right now ? "
te	8	" It 's in about a week 's time .
te	7	Then she disappeared into the darkness , and the darkness flowed back into the Spear .
te	9	Keeps him low profile too as apparently its part of his truck route ... . .
te	6	Even took it to the UN .
te	9	" You ' ad to snoop .
te	6	' Don 't worry , my sweet , ' I said , ' they 're not fighting there .
te	5	" Go up front ! "
te	9	" So we 're just going to abandon the fourth airship ? "
te	11	He 's driven himself hard and abused his body in doing so , " the doctor replied .
te	8	I landed on it and was quickly carried away from my pursuers .
te	8	" Please , tell me what happened , " she pleads , sounding convincingly comforting .
te	5	Nicole speaking , " Trent 's sister answered the phone early Wednesday morning .
te	11	Gordon didn 't bother asking how he knew that .
te	10	" Make sure he 's telling the truth .
te	7	" I 'm not your meal ticket or anybody else 's ! "
te	10	The ship left Earth two days after the girl was taken from Mac .
te	9	The terror and insecurity of knowing just enough and nothing more was literally almost more than Sarah could bear .
te	10	" It ' s deadly against any kind of magic and stands up well against other weapons .
te	8	Missy followed next and the two bullies trailed after .
te	10	" You 've got to stop trusting Zombies , Sweetie . "
te	6	Suddenly , a high-pitched whizz shot through the air like a fly buzzing .
te	10	" It 's alright , " she shrugs , touching his arm and tracing her fingers down to his hand .
te	9	" How do you propose we find this , ' searcher ' ?
te	8	Because drugs alter reality and , for some people , reality is not something they wish to face .
te	6	For a moment , the crash drowned out the alarm 's bray .
te	7	" Gentlemen , I encourage you to linger and relax .
te	9	I thought we could fix things .
te	7	They could hear a few random gun shots as well , but nothing else , just darkness and silence .
te	8	As they neared the river , a signal was given and the party halted .
te	7	Oh No brought her to the only open door and pointed inside .
te	7	She pulled a smart phone from her pocket , flipped it over , and ejected the memory card with her thumbnail .
te	8	He felt the Khan push past him , forcing him further inside the room .
te	7	" Okay , yeah , good idea , " she said , holding out her hands .
te	6	Back then , the law in many states excluded most commercial activity on Sunday .
te	6	" He is right ; I feel completely demoralised . "
te	10	I should sooner have given my life protecting a woman , but I stood by and watched .
te	6	' You tell me , Warrior Woman Henrietta , ' Brick nodded down at her .
te	11	Do you have any idea what ? "
te	8	Beside him , closer to the wagon , Elaina was murmuring and moving about in her sleep .
te	8	It took several minutes but finally Hailey backed clear of the tunnel into the sunlight .
te	6	Inside he grabbed his already packed duffle bag , his 9mm Glock , rifle , and his stash .
te	6	" ... " Without talking , he shoveled the pancakes in his mouth .
te	7	The guy with the snake arms and the bear warrior are the ones in charge . "
te	8	I gripped the metal handle , and the door opened with a familiar screech .
te	7	make yourself at home , " said George .
te	11	Puns are funny , " she insists , happy to see her companion laughing for the first time .
te	8	" And you have no right to arrest me . "
te	7	" Yes , yes ... OK , OK , " replied Kenichi , nodding and smiling reassuringly .
te	6	Rather than answer directly , Byrnes checked the time on his pocket watch .
te	11	I was afraid it was out for good . "
te	10	the moment Enrico stepped out Roberto placed a kiss on her cheek and she smiled .
te	7	" What do you say , Finan ? "
te	8	One talent the Air Force couldn 't overlook was his flying ability .
te	8	Tim nerves were getting the better of him .
te	8	For the sake of appearances the ring is shown to the most honoured guests .
te	6	' Hey , you 're up , ' said Bruno .
te	9	Have creditors ever not been able to find someone ?
te	9	But even knowing the layout , Eva took one or two wrong turns , and we were forced to backtrack .
te	7	Thank you for your willingness , " he said distractedly .
te	10	He began studying the north side of the camp and its approaches .
te	7	It 's as easy as that . "
te	8	Jonesy had always wanted to fly .
te	7	Riki rose up and reached for the steaming pitcher .
te	11	" It 's -- it 's the sword I got back in Vale ! "
te	11	His two companions watched impatiently , annoyed to still be up this late at night .
te	8	" We all learn English , " Riki said around a large wad of sweet roll .
te	9	Too stunned to form thoughts , never mind words .
te	5	Rupert seemed much too delighted .
te	10	The man nodded and cleared away some of the clutter littering the Formica .
te	9	I was shocked when everything got more precisely .
te	7	After a moment 's hesitation , Gunnar dropped to his knees and bowed his head .
te	6	They righted themselves and took the first steps forward , then stopped .
te	8	After eating and without touching the gift , I paid for my meal and got the hell out of there .
te	7	I 'm in The Seven , " she said showing Stacy her birthstone necklace .
te	9	" We 'll bring them up for you when we come up . "
te	8	I said turning to Alita .
te	11	He was an expert in interpreting ancient birds ' sages ' writings .
te	8	Lance awkwardly kicks a round blue button embedded in the wide door jam .
te	9	A sheaf of manuals and several bundles of wires hung from inside the lid of the crate .
te	9	They were sitting round the table in the museum , notes and drinks in front of them .
te	7	" It shall be a good day , my friend .
te	9	Simon never had a chance to react and felt his knee collapsing beneath him .
te	8	In his hands he held a small whip decorated at its base with a huge black diamond .
te	9	" Sir , Alex was employed for many years as a body guard for the Dutch royal family .
te	11	I try to ignore the song and what it tells me to do .
te	5	Not everyone survives the infection process .
te	7	" Look , she 's cute , I 'll give you that .
te	8	He thought for a moment , " you ever been to Brecon ?
te	8	She moved to get up .
te	10	Up is where we want to stay !
te	8	Something hadn 't set well with Mal since the last attack , it was too restrained .
te	11	" I apologize , " he started , " I am afraid I left out a tiny little detail .
te	6	Suddenly , it was much quieter , but the cave was black .
te	9	Ethan looked as if another thought occurred to him .
te	10	The queen was overcome , in spite of her great strength and size and potent stinger .
te	10	He immediately sprang out of his bed , only to be confronted by an unexpected sight .
te	7	" Tola , it has been sometime , " Tim replied with a smile .
te	11	They stopped talking as they heard Abbey 's muffled voice .
te	7	In front of his group , leading the charge , would he tolerate being ignored ?
te	9	" Hey , " Simon said , coming behind Valentine and tapping him on the arm .
te	9	If I have to lie ?
te	9	Lucius attempted to defy his sister once more , " Mother will be furious ! "
te	8	Chris realized then he was indeed ravenous .
te	9	People scrambled to get to it first .
te	10	Tori said and started chasing Hunter around the house .
te	10	It paused often to rear up on its legs and laugh through its great open pink mouth .
te	11	Most vexatious ; I was just about to ask more about our fortune and your promotion . "
te	6	' Calvin pulled ze carpet right from my feet with Betty . '
te	11	I believe we have a job for you here JD .
te	9	" It 's a lot to take in .
te	10	He 's fun , but still waiting for him to grow up .
te	10	The Prince of Ravens felt his breath catch in his chest , and realized he 'd just found the answer .
te	8	Halfway up , he heard the sound of men 's voices speaking in a hushed grumble .
te	11	It was different now , somehow , though he could not say why .
te	8	again then stopped when they heard a scraping sound above .
te	9	" Do you remember where this town is ? "
te	6	A slim , brown hand curled around his ankle and stabilized him .
te	11	Something , I think you will find as intriguing as I did .
te	8	Jason flips on his sights using the thumb switch on the pistol grip .
te	9	I felt past the quilt to the cloth napkin tied around his wrists .
te	11	" Not in exactly those words , but what 're words , after all ? "
te	7	And I will no longer seek revenge for my uncle Night Walker .
te	8	But over the next month it just seemed to work out that way .
te	9	' I see you 've improved , ' he continued in the same condescending tone .
te	9	The reunion , once all elements of danger had been removed , had been lengthy and exquisite .
te	10	Professor Bamford recognised him as a man having an interest in occult matters .
te	8	Hope sprang into the Prince 's heart again , and his fingers and toes began to tingle .
te	6	A few night birds danced and swirled above the silver spray .
te	9	He needed more time to absorb this and think it though .
te	10	Simon asked looking at Alex in the rear-view mirror .
te	8	' What do you want to know ? '
te	7	Turner just laughed and tipped a finger to his forehead .
te	8	Aria , her eyes blurred with tears , looks about while gasping and wheezing .
te	7	Gabe laughs and scratches the rabbit behind its long , floppy ear .
te	9	We have all trained for this , more intensively , I believe , than the Air Force ever trained you .
te	9	Heads stuck to the black gate , impaled on spikes .
te	9	Mana put one hand between Miriam 's shoulder blades and gently propelling her up the stairs .
te	9	He heard a loud crunching sound , and the guard screamed in agony , his kneecap crushed .
te	9	We have made great strides and tried countless variations yet the ideal system even today still manages to elude us .
te	9	That day I will never forget not even Laurence explanations or meeting Alex on the beach .
te	6	In a day 's time , the results of his work would be evident .
te	6	He was older , his hair gray and skin wrinkled , and his pale face was drawn .
te	8	Supplies , possibility of companionship , shelter -- " Leclerc interrupted .
te	6	" We 're still alive , " Jim grinned , " And the Gremlin is running . "
te	9	In other words , the shuttles can actually go into outer space as easily as the smaller spacecraft can .
te	9	A green streak whips about Lance firing a single particle beam into the disoriented dragon .
te	9	A year ago , a fire mission would have been organized in the usual way .
te	7	' Look at it this way .
te	8	The demon that had escaped his vengeance .
te	8	At first he slid a few inches and then forced his boots into the snow to stop .
te	9	Connor felt the warmth of the sand on his hands and feet for a long time .
te	8	Having lost my jacket back in the manor , I shrugged the suspenders from my trousers .
te	11	" That 's what happened when I met you .
te	9	Ochre eyes roamed over the enticing body wrapped in green taffeta .
te	6	His latest release is the Oscar-winning documentary , Cuba Has Great Schools . "
te	6	There was no moon and the fields were black .
te	10	~ ~ ~ Chapter 3 The Yorkshire Codes 0330 hours the Team gathered in the ready room , all business now .
te	6	No one goes in here now . "
te	7	" Huh , talk to who ?
te	6	" Not quite as tall , I must say , " said Lady An .
te	6	It was a horseshoe and under it was the name ' Spartan ' .
te	11	Just the feeling of welcoming someone to their hearth on such a special night reminded her of Christmases past .
te	8	Josie frowned at Jimmy , and picked up Mark 's drink .
te	11	He could see nothing save one , lone figure standing in the dim , morning light .
te	6	" Is this the future boy , come with wondrous technology ? "
te	7	As my brother hunted the deer , they hunted him .
te	6	He didn 't even wait a day .
te	11	I don 't appreciate what you 're doing to him . "
te	8	Landing in knee deep water , Rift wastes no time charging up the stairs , and to the locked door .
te	9	" Believe me , you don 't want to know , " Ted replied .
te	9	In fact , for such a thing as the Return , a great sacrifice was only to be expected .
te	8	" Since when Helen is right ? "
te	11	It 's in our records so it should be accessible to us . "
te	9	The sound of the shot was strangely muffled , absorbed almost entirely by the zombie 's head .
te	10	he asked , turning to face her .
te	10	Even other doctors regard the training to become an anaesthetist as the most difficult .
te	11	Leif had quickly identified an animal trail that ran parallel to the path .
te	10	I will go with you to White Wolf Keep , but not because of you ... not because I trust you .
te	6	" Hit me and you lose all your hair , " Aidan said with a pleasant smile .
te	11	Chapter Five I have to lie again .
te	7	The women love me in this suit and I 'm milking it .
te	5	" Children - " " I 'm not a child . "
te	11	It huffed and snorted nervously , alarmed by something in the yard .
te	6	' Besides , they might trace the call . '
te	10	" We believe someone planted a bomb in the corridor , " answered Drake .
te	6	' Not so fast , ' she said firmly and took the glass away .
te	5	Then out of nowhere , the dot knocked me down again .
te	6	' Like I said , money isn 't an issue . '
te	8	He was emotionless , robotic in his manner .
te	6	" This ends here , tonight ! "
te	10	Because I 'm dying to know .
te	11	Harold felt the weight of what must be done .
te	9	" I 'll take the gag off - and keep it off - if you answer one question . "
te	7	Jim smiled grimly twirling the baton in his hands , " As bad as all that ? "
te	10	He was about to be discharged , too .
te	9	The rounds had penetrated the front grille of the sedan and ignited something under the hood .
te	9	I will listen to your counsel in this matter . "
te	9	When he reached the end of the exit he took two quick turns in an attempt to lose his pursuer .
te	11	A brief pause punctuated his point before he turned returning to his cooking .
te	8	I was in charge of the rest there at the camp .
te	8	Turning , he headed into the bedroom to find some clean clothes .
te	10	I think you know the ramifications of that .
te	11	We could use the force up near the border and push north when the other force hits on the Mississippi .
te	10	Do you know of it ? "
te	7	Toby banged the snow off his boots on the front step , and took off his cap .
te	10	Gabe is talking , offering a cup of liquid .
te	5	" Two nurses , " the gunslinger repeated , and then smiled .
te	11	" My men are perfectly capable of getting through snow , " Harald said .
te	10	I admire their determination with which they accomplish mighty tasks despite their doubts and fears .
te	11	When he blinked he couldn 't see so his mind was just filling in the gaps .
te	10	" So do you want to go ?
te	10	' Looks like it might be loud , ' Katherine said .
te	8	He took one last deep pull of air and finally , blessedly , his lungs expanded .
te	9	Dad really needed to do background checks or something .
te	7	He had his first meal in three days .
te	7	That 's how it always goes . "
te	8	The realization trickled slowly through Taylor 's being and warmed his soul to the core .
te	7	" Well , my feet were getting pretty hot , " responded Jonesy .
te	10	There should be no compromise made in this area , it has to come before everything else .
te	8	He didn 't care for this modern era and radio phones were everywhere .
te	9	If you knot wish to die , call her Abby . "
te	8	It was something to see .
te	6	Wherever Mary ' was , Vari was there , too , like her own personal valet .
te	8	Overcoming its surprise , the Lizard responded by tossing Noah sideways .
te	8	Logan turned in the saddle to face the king .
te	6	It 's really an endowment , you know .
te	11	" No that 'll be all , Dickie , keep me informed about this propaganda thing .
te	8	The other officers return to their jobs , restoring Warrior 's systems .
te	11	screamed a man , dressed as a ninja , who leapt over the fence and ran through the yard .
te	7	" Madam , I was referring to the gentleman waiting outside . "
te	11	" You 'll be expelled if you get caught !
te	7	They pressed the button on their bracelets and made their way out of the house .
te	7	The holster on the largely intact corpse still contained a Beretta M9 pistol .
te	5	A full on , mouths open , tongues dueling , ravenous , feasting snog .
te	10	He twisted his head about , trying to locate the source .
te	10	When he walked into the area of the fire , the people thought they were seeing a ghost .
te	6	" We have a busy day tomorrow , " he said .
te	10	He limps with abuse unseen beneath a stained t-shirt and jeans .
te	5	" Aw , no , why , me ? "
te	7	The momentum pulled me back and I flailed my arms for balance .
te	7	Tap , tap , tap , tap ... tap , tap , tap , tap ... Louder , demanding attention .
te	6	" At age fifteen , she killed fifteen gang members with a nail from a steel shop .
te	7	I snatched the so-called air freshener sachet from the rear view mirror and tossed it out the window .
te	9	The admiral reaches out and grabs the highball glass sitting on his desk .
te	11	JD was about to answer when John approached .
te	6	Besides , he enjoyed it , the analysis , the psychology , the gambling .
te	8	At last he flicked his eyes towards mine before regarding the floor again .
te	11	Fear bloomed in my chest , pressing against my lungs , making it hard to breathe .
te	9	Logan was being driven backwards , perspiration covering his face .
te	9	He was quick to change the subject .
te	6	In the kitchen , the den , the short halls and steep staircases , the walls are white and unadorned .
te	8	The wolves got back out of the water on the far side , to Loot and Fire Cub 's relief .
te	9	" He has been a part of this world longer than we have . "
te	9	I started chuckling , but this soon degenerated into a rolling guffaw , my shoulders heaving .
te	8	In less than a second , though , Mirai was over him , helping him to his feet .
te	9	' It looks like they genetically reengineered it , ' she said distractedly .
te	8	He had the legs of a man , but the head of a wolf .
te	10	And I remember thinking you were God .
te	7	" Have you , or indeed are you married , Finn ? "
te	6	In all the worlds she had traveled , she had found no purer religion .
te	5	I hear their voices whispering .
te	7	" No more frustrated temper tantrums , and he has a functioning short term memory now . "
te	8	Suddenly both girls flinched as a shotgun went off a few feet away .
te	7	Now , on another note , have you read the papers ? "
te	7	Enrico knocked and she quickly took the food from him .
te	7	Alejo closed the door and turned on the light .
te	6	" I say , " he said , " you don 't look too good . "
te	11	" Do you want to try your luck ? "
te	6	" They are few and far between , " Melody replied .
te	5	" Oh , Jules , we said good-bye a long , long time ago .
te	10	Ryan laughs at this thought when I say it out loud .
te	11	" I 'm sure I can scare you up a mirror . "
te	7	I may only guess , and by the kings may I be wrong . "
te	9	They wore fascinating apparels , filled with beads and colorful sequins .
te	11	He kept swimming , aiming to keep things light .
te	9	I thought of waking him , but I couldn 't bring my hands to obey .
te	10	I might have to chance it on a commercial flight .
te	11	I wish I could have seen it then .
te	11	" Do you think Max did it ? "
te	9	" You 're not going to believe it ! "
te	11	I 'm not sure what Victoria and Jacob know about Ahmad , but they can handle those two for a while .
te	8	Neil said suddenly , smacking himself on his forehead .
te	6	I gave him the street , but not the number .
te	8	Peyton dropped to the floor , writhing in agony .
te	6	Those men are in need .
te	8	Dead at the hands of those he had trusted , the ones now holding her leash .
te	9	Anyway , how are you planning to sever the puppet strings ? "
te	7	Anna was all about appearances .
te	11	And even he 's going to get pushed to his limit .
te	8	Logan whipped his head about and I could see terror on his face .
te	6	" Geronimo , " he whispered softly like a prayer .
te	6	" What , my brave and fearless pirate is terrified ? "
te	10	I heard a distant twang and felt the draft of an arrow as it whizzed past my shoulder .
te	8	" Can you wait a couple of days to start ?
te	6	" Why , aren 't you a skinny little thing . "
te	7	Not to chat with me .
te	5	Nice work today Toby , you handled 006 exquisitely . "
te	7	It has been days -- it makes me anxious . "
te	5	Charcoal jackets and heather sleeves , snowdrop shoes and stormy top hats .
te	7	" Where were you when all this happened ? "
te	11	Her time away felt crammed with a lifetime of experiences .
te	6	Diaries Discovered Monday 10th January 1949 On 10th January 1949 , May stumbled on her way to bed .
te	10	This notion , however , was quickly dispelled by the harsh reality he faced .
te	8	He tried to speak and failed completely .
te	9	What she needed to do .
te	8	She bent down to kiss him .
te	6	" That leaves you and your boys , Joe , and David , with Buck and Barbara .
te	5	" Last time I checked , I am an adult . "
te	9	Rose thought she might be sick .
te	7	In his eyes , at that moment , she was the most beautiful and wonderful woman in the world .
te	7	She shakes her head , gets up and walks back to the bed .
te	10	They keep saying I 'm overwrought .
te	5	" Only your cheek , and besides , you asked me to ! "
te	9	He always loved to figure things out for himself . "
te	6	Cook got close , but not close enough .
te	8	" He hasn 't taken it off in five days , Dad . "
te	10	Tears seeped out between her fingers and she opened her eyes to look at him .
te	9	He had gone over this hundreds of times in the simulator .
te	9	Did I used to talk like that ?
te	9	The next day his father waited for him in the parking lot , the same lot as Captain Ants last raid .
te	5	" Your father 's grandfather . "
te	9	He takes what the world gives and uses it , she thought .
te	7	Once more , the dragon spread its wings and took to the air .
te	5	" Well , that took some effort .
te	9	Mac guessed they were spraying an anesthetic .
te	10	I would feel better if we left here now . "
te	10	Kenna jerked toward her , as if to start a fight .
te	6	" That pep talk started off pretty poorly but I liked the ending . "
te	7	Well , maybe I can 't enforce the last one , but the free ear plugs will help .
te	8	Natalie and her new companion walked arm in arm right under the general 's nose without him registering a thing .
te	8	Unsure if he is even inside a mountain anymore , the utter lack of wind assures him he is .
te	11	And that 's all I 'll say on the subject . "
te	8	During this whole episode of unlikely events the mother seal and the tallest eagle remained fixed on each other 's eyes .
te	9	You 'll bring my body home and let them know , won 't you ? "
te	10	So , what 's the latest in the world of cosmic research ? "
te	8	She sprinkled a handful of ground cedar on the outer rim of the coals .
te	9	I felt my dad grad my arm , the burned one .
te	7	Sighing , she faced the flaky front door , aimed the key at the lock and drunkenly marched towards it .
te	6	" Get in , " Mark told her .
te	7	His words left a trail of dread wrapping around my body .
te	10	" I think she might have blown a fuse . "
te	5	" JOHNNY IT 'S GONE OUT I ONLY HAVE TWO LEFT JOHNNY LET ME GO ! "
te	9	, " Tori woke up really early in the morning .
te	10	In fact , I 'm confident they 'll provide the funds .
te	11	Don 't ask me as I 'm not from around here .
te	10	" Cole , what is that on your hand ?
te	8	" I don 't have time to explain .
te	9	I 'd swear she gave it an order . "
te	8	It snaked along through the surrounding trees , an ever climbing forest .
te	11	You won 't live to see Christmas , and Joseph will be arrested , " I said .
te	8	I don 't think it 's memory loss or anything magical .
te	8	Shouting to the others , he soon had them scooping at the slippery harvest .
te	6	A flurry of small points drifted down though the heat in a long slow reach .
te	10	Why do we have to go through this ?
te	7	At the side of the narrow road was an old wooden structure .
te	5	" But do her wrists first , and do it quickly .
te	9	Logan laughed and threw an empty water bottle across the fire toward Josie .
te	8	You other two follow him , with Conway bringing up the rear .
te	6	About an inch long , and already , the skin around that wound was turning a dark , bruised purple .
te	7	The crew behind him held a camera on the scene and balanced a boom mike overhead .
te	9	I go to the club sometimes , to catch up with the old boys .
te	9	" Do not forget that all power comes from God !
te	7	I backed away from the stacks , then threw the gear into forwards .
te	8	" Anderson and Meadows , I 've warned you once already and I won 't do it again .
te	9	No , can 't say that I do ; don 't care either .
te	5	The gun doesn 't move .
te	6	It took a long thirty minutes , but eventually he was ready .
te	11	Raphael looked at Grace who looked at him from her desk .
te	10	I like where you 're going with this ! "
te	6	Two months later , the hurt - and humiliation - was still too real , the wound too raw .
te	11	He said the number was only for me , made me memorize it . "
te	8	' I 'll split Calvin 's DI 'd bass sound and send some to this amp . '
te	8	007 sat down and looked around the receptionist 's desk .
te	8	" Did he meet with anyone prior , maybe another supplier who gave him the information ? "
te	7	I shouted , " Cease fire , cease fire . "
te	7	Fredericks looked at Angelique but obeyed Webster 's tug on his arm and followed him into the truck .
te	6	I shifted my feet nervously , " Um ... well ... isn 't there another room ? "
te	11	" Home sweet home , " Archie said as they pulled up in front of the cottage .
te	10	" It seems then that we should prepare for war . "
te	10	Normally this would be soaked as they irrigate every day . "
te	7	Trailing smoke and ash , he brushed against the menorah as he fled .
te	8	He must have followed his wife 's scent right to our window .
te	10	It looked hideous ( the painting , not the figure ) so obviously it would cost a small fortune .
te	7	He knelt down , listened to his chest , and then looked up at Sarah .
te	7	Blue Eyes took this in stride .
te	8	David struggled to a sitting position against the headboard .
te	10	Otherwise the Spider would gain the advantage of climbing overhead .
te	6	I blocked his second , then his third blow .
te	8	I 'm going to die .
te	9	We need to take her to Lo . "
te	7	Between his dark clothing and dark hair , he looked very pale , and definitely looked like someone in mourning .
te	6	I breezed through my informant job at the Eiffel Tower .
te	8	" You two go out the back door , hopefully no one saw you come in .
te	6	She held a higher title than him , at least for the time being .
te	9	Noni was still strong , drawing strength from her faith , but to Brazen it all seemed like a bad dream .
te	7	She grabbed his hand , dragged him into the main dining room , and headed for the front door .
te	9	She was beyond slim looking quite thin and drawn .
te	6	I coughed and spoke louder .
te	10	Why do you think she 's leaving now ? "
te	7	So therefore I turned away back , and I knock down a girl , literally .
te	6	Why hadn 't some guy snatched her up ?
te	5	He tore and pulled , chewed and sliced .
te	10	Drips ran down the walls , and she could hear a metallic clanking sound , rather muffled by the thick walls .
te	11	" Do you know if Joe is armed ? "
te	10	He had a memory that was outstanding and he used it to memorize roads and potential exits .
te	6	His tongue felt unwieldy and too large for his mouth .
te	6	One of his rough hands coasted over the sheet , then covered my knee and gently caressed upward .
te	5	Not Warrior Woman Henrietta , or witch hunter , just Henrietta .
te	9	It 's possible don 't you -- " The Prince cut off mid-sentence .
te	5	Alejo shook his head bitterly .
te	5	" Well , it ain 't the Publishers Clearinghouse Prize Patrol ! "
te	10	David dragged a bag of feed and the three of them went into the stables .
te	6	" I used this knife in self defense , against an unprovoked attack .
te	6	The next morning , Noel and his great-grandfather headed to the bus station .
te	11	Her heart hurt as she crossed her arms over her gray Henley top and tried the hint of a smile .
te	8	That was hardly what he was doing .
te	9	There was a swagger in his stride as he moved off beside the Cimmerian .
te	11	Elaina awoke slowly to find herself nestled in warm muscular arms .
te	10	" Well , let 's just shout and make them understand they 've got the wrong people , " Simon said .
te	7	Byron , you have met , and beside you is Lord Collin , my chief advisor . "
te	5	' Ah , Katherine , ' Richard 's voice said .
te	6	" Well , " Matthew said , " at least they 're not mad anymore . "
te	11	He thought it made him seem cool .
te	9	Neil squeezed his eyes shut and began his inward chant again .
te	6	" You 're quite welcome , and I wish you all a great career . "
te	7	I paused at an intersection and glanced over my shoulder .
te	7	The aide walked backwards out of the room and closed the door quietly behind him .
te	9	Ted started backpedaling madly and fumbling for his Colt .
te	5	" Ow ... " " Eric , are you all right ? "
te	10	Maybe she would die before they killed her ... A warm , rough touch on her shoulder broke into her peace .
te	6	At that moment , the wooden door opened , and a tall man rushed in .
te	9	He dropped into his seat , the rest of the room following suit .
te	11	That 's all she wanted to know .
te	5	" What a beautiful house , " she said .
te	8	There was a fourth place set but no food was served on those plates .
te	9	Determined to simply overpower the hero he pulls himself forward , soaring at his target at blinding speeds .
te	6	Not all of them are incredibly attractive .
te	7	" We were put on this train by mistake .
te	11	Kane could be seen screaming orders to his warriors ; suddenly there was a flash of light and all was darkness .
te	9	" Alright , what 's with the ' Mistress ' thing . "
te	6	Alejo was still telling his story .
te	11	with all the enthusiasm of a cowardly hunter intruding on a sleeping bear 's private den .
te	8	The room was the shape of a dome : twenty feet high , thirty wide .
te	6	Let 's delight the old boy , " chuckled Jacob .
te	6	In the next morning , I woke up at seven .
te	9	Even trails one should know so well are not easily traveled in utter darkness .
te	11	Who 's going to tend to Hannah ?
te	7	" Oh no ... No ... He didn 't take his phone with him . "
te	7	" Do we report this ? "
te	8	Because Darya was extremely beautiful she was taken into an important Turk 's harem .
te	7	I chose a plain bowl with hardboiled egg and then got another plate with sliced crispy fried tofu .
te	6	There were a few more outlying states , some oceans , and the outer waste .
te	9	The ghost went on talking to himself .
te	10	Calvin grew weaker and stronger as , seduced by the moment , fear waned .
te	6	They operate over the tops .
te	8	The Captain is expecting you , but you and I will share a dance very soon , Mr. Greene . "
te	7	" I have a slew of chairs over on the porch .
te	7	A wizard I am not .
te	7	What she retrieved was not a pen , but a small furry rodent with half a tail .
te	11	That 's what I 'm going to do .
te	6	Same upturned nose and long neck .
te	5	" What the heck is bubble and squeak anyway ? "
te	9	They 'd gone down only about twelve inches before Clem 's bucket struck something hard .
te	5	" It 's not poop . "
te	8	The baby grew up into a highly strung and naughty little boy .
te	6	" I don 't know , " Gabe whispers .
te	5	Except one ... " All right , kiddies , enough time out . "
te	10	" You 're going to get cut on the rocks ! "
te	9	" The road is watched by an OP ( observation post ) here . "
te	10	" According to me , no .
te	7	She took a quick look up at him from beneath her lashes .
te	8	" And -- what are you doing here ? "
te	6	The last few passengers ducked aboard , and still , we remained .
te	7	Maggie wore a dirty white tee shirt like the Pastor and Frank and her cutoffs were uneven and ragged .
te	6	The air was still , and the forest was unusually quiet .
te	11	It has to be me that goes . "
te	10	I 'd be hanging on by a thread without you to guide me . "
te	11	Skipper and I made our way back to the boat ; I handed Connie what had been collected .
te	5	" Ethan , I -- " " Humor me , Juliet .
te	8	" Report back to Secret Headquarters when your mission is concluded .
te	8	J " The cheek of him ! "
te	9	Little Blackie was just as spooked and he chased after the others with Ricky clinging like a monkey .
te	8	All parties left pleased with the result and hopeful for the future .
te	8	" Did any of them work for us in the past ? "
te	9	It 's one of the oldest in the area .
te	6	Not so repentant after all .
te	5	" Yeah , it 's a warm night .
te	11	Do you want me to fail ? "
te	9	" There 's no-one here , " I called back , slipping the piece of wood into my pocket .
te	10	Everything that she had to give .
te	8	Sign up for Andrew 's New Release Mailing list and get a free copy of the novella Metamorphosis .
te	9	Outside did little to inspire her .
te	7	Darkness closed in on him , and the Prince 's vision narrowed .
te	5	In slow motion , she turned and headed across the torched wheat field .
te	7	The others sighed deeply before I continued .
te	6	The butler 's piercing black eyes caught mine , and he grinned .
te	9	He likes to be in the sun . "
te	9	All of them skidded to a halt at the outskirts of the murky lake .
te	9	Her eyes strained to see the house appear on the horizon over the next hill .
te	6	Now she could see the " mountain " better .
te	7	Mia looked at him with a smile and after a moment , she accepted the gift .
te	6	Hours spent on the golf course .
te	8	Computer says it 's a Code 23 Error . "
te	5	At the name Emery , Jo 's heart skipped a beat .
te	10	he growled , " I thought Northern women were shy ! "
te	5	But there was one more thing .
te	7	I jumped on the bed and sighed .
te	10	Kurt didn 't understand a word of their conversation , as he didn 't speak either language .
te	9	Trinity mocked her brother while she picked something out of her hair .
te	11	It was as if a shade had been placed before him .
te	7	They also had a four year old expiration date .
te	9	So they only saw Whisper on the odd occasion when they came back for long weekends and school holidays .
te	7	Drops on the stone man 's skin trickled down his head and chest .
te	11	VIN carefully looked at his smaller plan of the interior strapped to his right forearm .
te	9	Damn : A sick child is all I need .
te	11	" They should 've thought of it before they started driving . "
te	5	" And actually , I kind of want that tattoo now .
te	10	he exclaimed from behind the main bar where he was bending down and perusing something .
te	8	I need this kept quiet .
te	9	They staggered over to the front of the gas station 's store .
te	9	Everything seemed to be in order .
te	10	She felt herself lose control of her breathing .
te	10	She was so wrong of going back for this man .
te	9	They buried Go , and there he remains , to this day .
te	8	He began pulling me away from the crowd .
te	10	" It seems I owe you much , Rand ; both my son and a daughter . "
te	6	Before she even noticed , she was on her way to school .
te	6	Cliff Peyton kept his face inches from mine .
te	10	He wore a turtleneck , as he had every day since the attack in Pakistan a month ago .
te	7	" I 'm sorry about the Louvre .
te	9	Danger was in the air , but the best thing to do was stay calm .
te	10	Mirai asked , curious what a different perspective might bring .
te	9	After staring out the window for a while longer , I looked at Logan again .
te	9	Even Sykes turned to throw a malevolent glare his way .
te	9	Will you teach me how to do it ? "
te	9	It would be incredibly stupid of them to repeat that , especially at the first campfire .
te	6	" Ten spoons please , " Skyla 's stepdad , Tad , barks up at the waitress .
te	8	The Minister squeezed himself out of the chair with considerable effort .
te	11	Brand was too worried about his safety to be insulted .
te	6	Again and again , each time deeper and deeper , until Rena felt a second orgasm building within her .
te	6	I quickly shut the door and gulped .
te	10	They spoke softly to make plans or choose a campsite , but nothing more .
te	9	Reid muttered behind me as we crossed the floor to a small corner table .
te	5	I 'm such a nerd .
te	10	" I have never heard of men dying for a book . "
te	6	And why shouldn 't he ?
te	10	Let me know what happens .
te	7	I have never liked my sister-in-law , but now I hate her . "
te	5	Another trial , then , but neither Dan nor Pat nor Martin were wealthy men .
te	9	I was starting to lose it .
te	5	It gave the poor old Magic Bus another violent shaking .
te	11	Once again Michael and Ben tried to think what they could do ?
te	5	' Indeed it is , ' he hissed .
te	5	" Wow , you are an incredible woman ... . . "
te	9	It was going to be a hoot .
te	11	" I do not see how you will address the matter satisfactorily then , it seems to be hopeless . "
te	6	His puny orchestra and their bad music , his fake culture , his poor cuisine . "
te	10	The cook baked fish cakes , too , and pounded plantains into small patties that were fried and salted .
te	6	" A guard of your statue shouldn 't be down here at all . "
te	6	Fireballs , yes , mini earthquakes , sure , but that water spell had been incredible .
te	7	When he was done , he shoved the boy down onto the bed and walked out .
te	9	Several thumps are heard hitting the hull overhead , making everyone look up .
te	10	He shivers at the cold that embraces him .
te	5	Listen , Linda ... " " I love your grandmother as well !
te	5	" At least not without someone else 's help . "
te	5	" Well , hello , Mrs. Rivers , " she says .
te	9	Only one organization had the resources to ride gas-powered vehicles -- it was the military .
te	6	After all , the Palm Beach population dropped by half during the summer .
te	6	' Come on , Red Cub , ' he said , ' You 're all right .
te	9	Cal had spent a lot of time with the attractive young security guard , to the wry amusement of his comrades .
te	6	Any resemblance to actual events , locales or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
te	6	Sure enough , right on cue , Achilles froze and stood silently .
te	11	Shireen of the ribbing remark , who in quiet moments confessed her love of my learning .
te	8	We 'll drive into Hereford later this morning and get you some clothes . "
te	9	She saw Kat ran out and she stepped in the room .
te	5	His slim fingers stroked her locks lightly .
te	5	" Ah , so you are a theoretical cooking expert . "
te	11	And what do you think she did ? "
te	9	You know you have to .
te	11	" I must if the business has gotten out of hand , Mistress . "
te	8	Lance again releases a trumpet of victory , his red eyes fiercely insane .
te	7	" Please don 't tell mum " , he said quietly " I agree .
te	8	From what I could see there were no hinges or joins .
te	8	The two teenagers stood on opposite sides of the capsule staring at one another .
te	11	Wasn 't he the one ... ? "
te	10	" What manner of creature have you brought to our lands , this vile one of wing and flesh ? "
te	8	" Looks like nobody 's been up here for a while , " Stacy said .
te	8	The target was awake immediately , sitting up in bed .
te	6	They also had the same thin , pale face , lean frame , and dark brown eyes .
te	7	Immediately , Dr. Morgan ran to the wounded and began his assessment .
te	7	Anyway , that room is long and runs parallel to this hall .
te	9	Then she opened them and smiled , relief and pleasure sparking in her eyes .
te	9	Only the most suspicious mind would have suggested the stylized insect resembled the forbidden cross .
te	7	Catherine -- a grown-up Cat -- smiled down at him as well , and then said something over her shoulder .
te	9	Elise kept her gaze averted .
te	8	" I 'm dying of thirst , " he said .
te	8	Aria begins to clap her hands .
te	6	Law firm life -- wining , dining , and enjoyable recreation with a perfect boyfriend ?
te	11	Some were barred , but not all looked to be entrances to cells .
te	7	" Honestly I don 't know , honey , " answered Nathan .
te	6	From a distance , his crew watched everything in silence .
te	5	" What is the most beautiful thing then love ? "
te	9	He ran over to the lights and pulled the strings to turn them off .
te	7	John leaped out of the car and ran to the barn .
te	8	On the heart of the hall rest a tiny gem , shaped like a pyramid .
te	6	The only thing holding you back is your own limitations and somewhat imagination . "
te	7	The king is well protected here , and our planning was well worth it .
te	7	I got dressed quickly , threw on my cloak and gathered my bow , quiver and sword , and headed downstairs .
te	10	' Pleased to hear that like .
te	8	He saw a relaxed guard nearby and a family of four at a wooden table .
te	6	Unlike the pistols , Magna 's inlay was of bright , shiny copper .
te	6	' There were CCTV cameras all over that place . '
te	5	Within a heartbeat , her body numbed , and the pain faded .
te	6	" Not that I know of , " answered Walter .
te	10	Everyone burst out laughing - it was so obvious what they were all thinking about .
te	6	After a long and terrible silence , at last she turned and walked away .
te	7	' Come on fella , let him go , ' the other lad said .
te	10	With a sudden movement he stood and pulled his sword free , offering it in a nonchalant salute to Rand .
te	9	The accepted practice is the double incision , as we are doing now .
te	11	She hoped that she , Neil and -- yes , even Simon - would be dismissed soon .
te	10	And never one to complain about it .
te	9	It was Roman who spoke next .
te	6	As for the summer palace , most royal families own one .
te	8	" Welcome to Key West George how 's Pisces been performing for you ? "
te	7	Gunnar walked over and took it in his hands .
te	8	Sarah looked again at the snow clouds outside the kitchen window .
te	11	His head and neck were pounding from where he 'd been hit .
te	11	It waited while aliens swarming around it tried to get in .
te	10	What remained of the second line decided to aim for me , foolish mortals .
te	8	Its savoury smell reminded him that he was still hungry .
te	10	Why did I have to take that guy 's picture ?
te	5	" You 're a surprising man Jacob Douglas .
te	9	Stinky did not know why , but she did as she was told .
te	10	He had driven himself and the others harder during the night than he would have believed .
te	6	" But you 're still a cutie , " said Pauline , giggling , now almost entirely drunk .
te	7	He pauses , probably fishing for his key card .
te	10	The deck 's walls were sheer glass , and several comfortable chairs had been placed facing the view .
te	11	I had to see what was there .
te	8	He stared at the door to the oval office as he spoke .
te	10	I 'm glad it turned out like this .
te	6	He was weeping , he was angry , he was whispering and muttering , and once again , he spoke .
te	11	Now he knew why Jonesy hadn 't asked to drive .
te	9	Claire looked down at her niece and recoiled slightly at the green tinge of her skin .
te	8	Even an experienced warrior could not always guess the moves of another .
te	6	' Besides , that was strictly for medicinal purposes .
te	8	" You know that today is ' Decorate Your Locker Day ' ? "
te	8	She 'd never been more ashamed in her life , but he had not laughed , nor did he scorn her .
te	6	Please , just go about your way and act like a normal teen . "
te	5	" Dr. Clarity , with all due respect , your demeanor is unsettling . "
te	7	After taking another sip , my body already felt the effects .
te	10	Let me have a look at you . "
te	9	The man took a few steps towards Andy and then reached out to grab him .
te	7	He was closely followed by Bruno and Costas .
te	6	About five pounds in change , his mobile phone , MP3 player and a keyring with a pocket torch on it .
te	10	He tapped my elbow , driving it closer to my side and bringing my guard tighter against my frame .
te	11	' Will you really be able to kill your own kin in cold blood ? '
te	7	That 's important for girls , right ? "
te	8	She broke the news to him the best way she could .
te	8	I couldn 't read it if I tried .
te	6	Besides , Logan 's hurt and you 're too recognizable , Phillip . "
te	7	After a couple of minutes , Lars and his mom came in .
te	6	I then peered out around the corner .
te	7	" Can you tell what it is ? "
te	7	With a newfound spring in her step Rachel Summers almost ran up the stairs back to her classroom .
te	6	' No , ' she said , ' that 's the trouble . '
te	7	He has lived an honorable life , and was just in all his dealings .
te	6	The decoration and furniture was white and silver , and everything matched perfectly .
te	10	" Will your spotter be able to provide cover ? "
te	8	More pressing is the matter of your clothing , Elaina . "
te	8	Hell , push the wreck back under and get on with it , " muttered the pharmacist to Frank .
te	5	" Can we do it some other time ? "
te	9	" I 'm sure you would , however this owner prefers to keep a low profile . "
te	5	And rest assured , my friends , they are your enemies and ours , alike . "
te	5	By the way brother , your first transportation spell worked out well . "
te	5	He kicked out a black wrought iron chair .
te	7	I crouched down on the floor and ran my fingers across the folded edge .
te	10	" Now calm down George ... " " What did it say , Vivian ? "
te	8	The gray then faded , turning to tanned skin .
te	6	" What the ... , " Cody started without a thought .
te	9	Both were answers he was expecting .
te	8	We were on the ground floor of the lodge .
te	6	She just stood there , her pretty eyes heavy , her lips curved and so soft .
te	8	I felt another twang on my neck exactly where the first one had occurred .
te	11	Do you know what those are ? "
te	11	As they neared he saw a blonde head pop up from behind the bear and he smiled .
te	6	" In both cases , the force of your Push or Pull is directly away from or toward you .
te	7	Squires removed the gun from his belt , took it by the barrel and passed it over to Barton .
te	11	" Is it true that you threatened to kill the new chief advisor ? "
te	10	Alarm was spreading like fire through the carriage , and I didn 't want to get burnt .
te	7	No that was more of a jangle .
te	8	" No matter , they can 't penetrate our shields , it is only a matter of time now . "
te	9	A wide staircase led to a landing and turned to continue on up .
te	8	" Knew who was cheating ? "
te	6	" I 'm terribly sorry , but could you awaken your master ?
te	8	But as he looked up into the branches he could see pink rectangles scattered throughout .
te	8	I fixed my gaze upon his face and a horrified gasp was drawn , unwillingly , from my soul .
te	9	Why didn 't I think to bring rappelling hooks ?
te	10	Guy left to return to work .
te	6	Another warrior winds up an overhead chop , but the boy immediately dashes away .
te	10	" You think we 'll be home by Christmas ? "
te	9	" Know what it 's like to be on the run .
te	6	This moment was at the same time very long and very short for him .
te	9	The pack of predators moved in cunning concert , a marked change in their approach from before .
te	11	Do you want it released ? "
te	10	said Robbie who had been quiet and thoughtful .
te	8	When Napoleon arrived on the scene , he too tried to stamp out these malcontents .
te	6	Back in his cabin , he set her down in a leather chair .
te	6	' Look , Bob , what part of this don 't you understand , eh ?
te	6	The freaks and the shop reflected back at me in the mirror fade from my vision .
te	8	There were no regular types of buildings , such as stores and houses , she would expect to see .
te	6	But , within a few seconds , she fought her way back to the surface .
te	9	Matching wall sconces graced both sides of the fireplace in the living room area .
te	11	Looking up , he glanced in the mirror and saw dark rings beneath his eyes and a face lined with sleeplessness .
te	5	Oh , wait , the Faulkner girl is your girlfriend , right ? "
te	9	Once her clothes were soaked and drifted around her heavily , she hastily grabbed the wall with both hands once more .
te	8	Neil asked , stumbling over the names .
te	8	The master sword remains incomplete , and it is no one 's fault but his own .
te	10	" I don 't think Bryony would like it . "
te	8	Franca had a quiet , warm nature and reminded Simon of his mother .
te	7	" Of course , we 'd love to , " the cousins answered in unison .
te	8	he asked as he held out his hand .
te	10	Do you want to second guess him ? "
te	10	Sofia laid in silence as she watched him leave .
te	11	" Captain Drake 's away team has departed via forward airlock alpha .
te	9	" It 's good to finally meet you . "
te	9	The only thing she knew for sure was that it was early November and winter was coming .
te	6	Two of the Hunters groaned and sat up slowly .
te	10	If they mean to capture or kill you , they 'll tell you to your face . "
te	10	He had done nothing of which he was ashamed .
te	9	" Did you hear anything else ?
te	10	Surges are when a suspect is overwhelmed with stimulation through their Imps .
te	9	* * * On edge Danny waited for Katherine to turn up with Amy .
te	7	Of course , after the Linking they would both be her Watchers , and she could not ever escape them .
te	5	Air , gravity , flower petals , wind , snow , radiation , the moon .
te	9	" But I wanted to go to the beach ! "
te	9	He struggles as he pulls himself back to his feet , wincing and moaning .
te	8	He tossed the reins over the horse 's head and into the water .
te	10	Some of the gems also made the Hope Diamond look like a $ 99 engagement ring .
te	8	She rambles off as quickly as she is able .
te	11	As the man paused to take a sip from his wine , I heard a rustling of grass .
te	8	The truth we are telling is certainly misleading .
te	8	All laughter aside , this was upsetting in anyone 's book .
te	10	He had found a secret passage in the cellar , with two tunnels leading in different directions .
te	11	I wonder what makes guys do anything .
te	9	She chanced a quick glance as she added her rucksack to the pile .
te	6	The coat 's power was indeed amazing , it responded and acted to my thoughts .
te	5	And then : to his office , no point in wasting time with sleep .
te	5	" Good morning idiot , " The octopus said .
te	11	Looking into the room behind the shop counter the lads could see several sacks of bread .
te	10	" You 're supposed to be taking a nap .
te	11	" Things haven 't exactly been sane for a couple of years now , " Mike said quietly .
te	10	The braves that had been seasoned in war , he put in the middle of the field .
te	10	With the Harbinger Fiddle , there was no way Avery couldn 't be a winner .
te	11	Better to run than to face it .
te	10	She squeezed his hand and let his words speak for themselves .
te	10	" They have enough staff for three shifts in here ; let someone else have a go . "
te	10	Several Austrian officers lay dead or wounded on the floor of the reception .
te	8	It could be the minders themselves of course .
te	7	What 's the name of that game ? "
te	5	" Kevin you made a joke ! "
te	11	" I 'll take care of - " A leathery flapping sound seemed to be coming from above .
te	10	Scott Lyndon sat dumbfounded for a moment before he backed the dozer out of the brush .
te	10	Tori tried to hit her with a frying pan but found herself hitting the couch instead .
te	6	Every child in town knew his name now .
te	10	We 'll have to check every single fireplace , " Tori said .
te	5	" Well , muscle composition is definitely enhanced .
te	6	Suddenly her face relaxes , her eyes stare blankly and her body goes limp .
te	11	If Earl found the chance to tell them .
te	5	Just inside the side door , on the right , was a half bathroom .
te	7	I stared at Victor and his father with a frown .
te	7	" I don 't care , " the Prince said sullenly , " I was just commenting . "
te	8	" Every detail of our spaceship has been designed over the last ten years .
te	10	" It is good to be here , " said Waving Willow .
te	9	" This sounds like a lot of work , " Taylor remarked .
te	10	He was surprised to find himself well and truly drunk already .
te	8	My eyes never left the man in the middle of the small procession .
te	10	Now that I was pumped up , nothing was going to stop me -- I wanted that bounty .
te	11	He glanced around as if a hundred men in black suits with ear buds were about to burst through the door .
te	6	His face was troubled , a rather harassed frown drawing his brows together , and his lips clenched too tight .
te	9	The bureaucracies that had administered them had simply ceased to exist .
te	6	Chris smiled , and after a moment , he answered .
te	9	When Proud Cougar reached Wolf Eyes , it was decided that a scouting party be formed .
te	9	The next suitable hospital might be hundreds of miles away . "
te	10	Noticing Victoria looking away in thought , William wondered if perhaps she didn 't agree with this .
te	7	He paused and studied the buildings outside the window .
te	9	Her back was straight , her waist narrow , and she was no taller than the general 's shoulder .
te	11	Jeff pleaded as Karen headed out the door without acknowledging him .
te	6	' Well , have you heard anything about the new construction site in North Square ? '
te	8	Bruno was guarding the rear of the manor .
te	8	He stopped walking and bent over , putting his hands on his knees .
te	6	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Mistake " Liz is absolutely devastated , " I whispered to Aaron .
te	7	" Let 's have a picnic ! "
te	9	" But we can confirm that over two thousand Trojan Devices have indeed vanished .
te	9	Stunned , he looked behind himself and saw nothing but a blank gray space - the back side of the illusion .
te	5	" And it 's not the only lie Abby . "
te	10	He just nodded , knowing that she was right .
te	11	Do you care to hear ? "
te	7	Josie asked , a little angry at the suggestion .
te	8	" I will switch the tail PPC control to this station , " Tyler states , using an appropriate acronym .
te	8	I 'll come with you , " said Zeal , happily .
te	8	" Let 's book it .
te	11	He had to even the score again , or his fellows would be impossible to live with !
te	9	They continued south as he explained the reason for his ride .
te	9	He increased engine power , as the air was thin and the four powerful engines had to work harder .
te	6	" I know , " I said , " but it doesn 't matter .
te	9	He took the last sip of his red wine before he went back to the upper deck .
te	8	Blood rushing loudly in my ears , I kicked him in the leg .
te	10	Reluctantly , Roberto had to agree to the plan and finally said : " Okay .
te	9	Though conversation was light they did not dwell on the events of the day .
te	10	' I 'm must confess I quite fancied their drummer , Stu . '
te	5	" We were just there .
te	7	" What do you want to play , dear ? "
te	8	" Pleasure doing business , but you 'll keep it to yourself .
te	7	I lunged for the handle , and we fought in a tug-of-war .
te	11	She laughed , putting stress on her last words and turned to resume her task .
te	9	* " It 's not so tough in here , " she said as they hiked by a roaring waterfall .
te	8	On the screen , Fish saw the logo for the Royal Bank of Dubai .
te	11	" It looks like the air isn 't good in there , " said Jonesy .
te	7	" I 'll see you all in the morning . "
te	11	They looked at Connie and I deciding whether to believe us or not .
te	8	" That would make them desperate and desperate people can be unpredictable .
te	6	The worst thing for most people , though , is my mouth .
te	8	The girl shrugged , looking at the Prince .
te	10	She felt it refresh her lungs as she inhaled .
te	6	" Aye indeed , sir , " the youth said , his gestures expansive .
te	8	It is much easier to communicate this way . "
te	7	At last , in this way I will take my mind off the dream .
te	6	" Here he is , Sir , " said a voice nearby .
te	8	The room continues to ebb and flow , several spots forming whirlpools as the liquid rapidly drains up through the ceiling .
te	9	I will go to take a walk ... fresh air . "
te	9	He was planning to overthrow Veron .
te	10	He pointed one plump finger at Neil and said , " I hear what you say .
te	5	" Of course you 're not men , you silly boy !
te	7	His feet felt warm , warmer than usual , and slowly the roar dissipated .
te	8	As we approached Danton , we heard raised voices emanating from the village .
te	6	" Well , then I won 't be a woman . "
te	5	The garden center was a wide , open-air space .
te	10	Did you get it done ? "
te	6	' Angelic ' and ' devilish ' are mortal constructs , " Reed pointed out .
te	10	Trucks roared out , dropping soldiers at key points to form a blockade .
te	8	Her fondness was not misplaced , " he points out , recalling his cherished time with his mother .
te	10	Have faith that it will work out . "
te	9	Thirty minutes had passed several times , and I had to go home .
te	7	" He does , though not as you and I .
te	7	That 's why I asked . "
te	8	Maggie 's parents never wanted her to fly airplanes .
te	8	When another shot rang out , Scott 's gaze jetted to the woman he could barely see .
te	6	as though nobody knows , " she said derisively .
te	10	He checked off the bill of lading and then compared it to the distribution list e-mailed from Mexico .
te	8	Centuries that he felt must surely be turning into millennia .
te	6	Her perky breasts looked ripe for the plucking .
te	7	" Looking for someone , soldier ? "
te	8	If I dream of a new future , could I imagine a new present ?
te	7	I cannot wash away my sins , only the blood shed by Jesus can do that .
te	6	Her robes were dusty but soft , and her hands small and wrinkled like her face .
te	6	" What do you think , dear ? "
te	7	" You see , when we die , we have paid everything off .
te	6	" Come into the sitting room child , " that spooky voice speaks up .
te	8	Alejo hoped this was a good sign .
te	11	" That is a good idea , John , " Sarah said , wondering from where he got his acting talent .
te	6	" Until now , " I say to him .
te	7	He was so out of it , I used my real name and he didn 't even remember . "
te	10	There wasn 't much except they had talked about a woman .
te	5	As long as you 're not really hurt , kid .
te	7	" Now , back to that issue , " Virgil said determinedly .
te	6	Once out of the gridlock , the more scenic and enjoyable the drive became .
te	7	She looked up and frowned at Riki .
te	7	She is worthy of the chance to excel .
te	8	We apologise for the delay in this service .
te	7	Bad things will always happen to good people , angels or not . "
te	7	I rose to my feet and stared at him steadily .
te	7	Then with only a few of my guards left they charged us .
te	9	Strength flooded his limbs , strength and power like the Prince had never felt before .
te	8	You would never think of Noah as anything more than a friend .
te	10	Do you need help walking ? "
te	10	The curse was awkward in her mouth and she regretted it as soon as she spoke it .
te	11	Do you know where he is ? "
te	6	" What do you think , basement next ? "
te	6	And without any more ado the old man led them right up to the sheer cliff .
te	7	She is raising him , so Alfred and Victoria have worked that out .
te	11	He was graying on his temples but the remarkable thing was he still had a full crop of red hair .
te	9	Beverly looks at the sleeping girl on the deck and shakes her head .
te	10	Do you want one each ? "
te	10	We had been raiding Spanish outposts here in the Bay of Honduras .
te	6	" Yeah , damn right I was there last night , " I said , " and I saw everything . "
te	8	' Take it easy mate , ' Calvin said of Raphael , ' he might be as lazy as Brian . '
te	9	It was time for him to rest as well .
te	10	Miriam would take them to the kitchen , but she needs to speak to her aunt and uncle first . "
te	8	He never answers any questions , even though he talks and talks .
te	8	Seeing this , the sooner the better , " said Jacob .
te	8	" I thought all pastures were fenced . "
te	9	' We 'd love to join you . '
te	8	She had to do something .
te	10	" Okay , so what 's your coping mechanism for dealing with the solitude ? "
te	9	Jonesy wasn 't fully suited as Ryan and the scientists had ordered them to be .
te	7	I hissed , lunging forward .
te	6	A few cars drove past , but for the most part , no one was out and about .
te	6	" Yes Sir , " I said , " Go ahead shoot . "
te	8	" Just getting my chem book for finals , officer , sir . "
te	7	But the voice did not sound like a man 's .
te	7	When Claire didn 't respond , the smile lost some of its brilliance .
te	10	Do you object to that ? "
te	6	And of course , a lot depends on condition .
te	6	" No , you 're probably right , " Ted said .
te	6	" You came up on the same Osprey with me .
te	7	Finally , Sebastian said : - Last but not least , this is my best friend , please meet Julian .
te	10	Pierre follows , wondering where they 're going .
te	5	" Fifty again , " Dr. Warner called out once more .
te	7	" Maybe , but don 't tell anyone I let you off this easy . "
te	9	Josie crawled slowly to her tent flap and began to unzip it .
te	7	She felt a tug on her sleeve and turned her attention to Sky .
te	10	James seemed to be little afraid of Alvin .
te	10	A stipulation for the treaty allowed for the baron 's family to keep the land .
te	9	But for Trinity something else was weighing on her mind other than just a fresh meal .
te	10	If you are convicted of any crime you are automatically declared guilty to commit another .
te	9	She felt wanted by him .
te	10	" No , I think we will be just fine , " Masque smiled .
te	8	Finan 's eyes fell on the first line of the missive .
te	8	I grabbed the screwdriver and jabbed Peyton in the arm .
te	10	The Story Continues Thank you for reading Escape To Challenge , I hope you enjoyed it .
te	7	Black against the moon the strange city had a somber , sinister look .
te	7	Callum shook his head , biting back a stronger response .
te	6	" Whatever , " Jim shrugged , " It doesn 't matter . "
te	10	I wasn 't planning to draw water to their mill .
te	8	It has drawn in upon itself . "
te	8	Then you 'd have room for three more people ! "
te	6	" Sure , can 't you tell the resemblance ? "
te	10	Wan na know what it is ?
te	7	' I 'd rather just have a lime and soda , ' Katherine said accepting the glass anyway .
te	9	Don 't you wan na know more about the coin ? "
te	7	Chris was shocked by this revelation .
te	7	' Don 't ask ' I replied .
te	8	Mom knows how to knit . "
te	6	" I want a dress , Roberto . "
te	10	Jason wraps his arms around Aria and holds onto her for as long as he can .
te	9	" I can 't believe what you boys have found .
te	11	Announcements regarding troop deployments tended to happen in front of military audiences .
te	9	I asked the air beside Trudy where the scent of platinum held sway .
te	7	The sisters ' dinner table companions invited them on to the dance floor .
te	10	' John comes here to help us oldies and we 're very grateful officer .
te	8	This last entreaty seemed to penetrate Sampson .
te	6	It made her shiver , but at least the web was cast .
te	5	And the world ... The world was lush and alive and glorious .
te	8	If I don 't speak this nightmare will end .
te	7	" Yeah , I got that same feeling , " Rift agrees , now surrounded by the angry sea dwellers .
te	7	She must be tired , she had to be .
te	9	She clearly had put a lot of thought into it and they could win .
te	10	Amy left and Calvin nodded so Raphael could turn up the volume .
te	6	He turned to the closest farm helper .
te	9	Under such circumstances somebody was going to make a mistake .
te	9	Nice to meet you officer .
te	9	Danny said dropping onto the lounge 's settee after the following morning 's rehearsal .
te	6	He pointed his finger in succession at first Matthews and Anderson .
te	10	As it was , he knew only that she could draw Fire and maybe Air .
te	9	" He 's due to retire , " said Duke .
te	9	His dozen or so comrades picked up the slack for him and Shock hugged the wall .
te	10	" I just hope things don 't get out of hand today . "
te	10	There will be a massive outcry from the public for sure . '
te	10	They trudged on for a half turn just to escape the shadows of the mountain .
te	8	Come on , let me show you his digs .
te	7	He looked for his rifle , but didn 't see it nearby .
te	6	" Or we 'll cut your throat , dirty Afghan . "
te	8	God grant you the best of luck !
te	9	My delayed response had given Tork all he needed .
te	11	No idea what for , but that 's what happened .
te	10	They 're going to take you there and bring you right back .
te	7	That 's what I needed .
te	11	Didn 't you say they were at boarding school ?
te	8	Soon we 'll be deep in the northern mountains , safe for the winter . "
te	7	" The shuttles are identical , eighteen feet wide , twelve feet high and 140 feet long .
te	7	" Yes , " Hawk responded patiently , " I lived there for a bit . "
te	6	Mr. Dale , the sixth period English teacher , was grabbing my shoulders .
te	9	The very jungle seemed to be holding its breath , waiting .
te	6	He immediately made a face at the taste .
te	9	" Who 's in charge of this facility again ? "
te	8	There was an audible intake of breath from the other end of the line .
te	10	There were no guards , just two computer service engineers who offered no resistance .
te	8	Aries asked as Mayhem came back online .
te	8	The familiar pulse of energy erupts from his body as he reactivates his shield .
te	7	" The battle has begun , Johnny " said Trudy 's voice from behind the leaning rail .
te	10	He grabbed her hand and pushed it against the wound in the old man 's flesh .
te	9	In order to perform her ritual stretching and morning exercises , she 'd insisted on getting up ridiculously early .
te	9	' He escaped when we were making our way here . '
te	6	There were six square tunnels , and Manuel entered the closest one .
te	9	Mr. Vella stepped on deck I met him and shook hands .
te	5	Foolish or not , your gamble just paid off .
te	11	And the footman mentioned Phillip was the only resident still awake . "
te	6	" Errol , can you please show us your project once again ? "
te	10	Kurt took a deep breath and steeled himself for what was next .
te	11	Her smile was condescending , and Conway bridled , ready to strike back .
te	11	Gray , Nancy , and Frankie tried not to look at me , shuffling their feet , fixing their hair .
te	8	He turned around , heart pounding loud as a drum .
te	8	Betta appeared not to hear him .
te	11	It 's the one stroke that can set you apart from everyone else . "
te	10	She had to stop judging people .
te	9	The cobwebs she saw in her dreams lay around everywhere .
te	9	" I know Ahmad , " said Victoria , dashing into the room out of breath .
te	5	What about timing , how long does it take ? '
te	6	" Yes , " said the boy with a sigh , " it is . "
te	11	Each individual sensor joins the network , identifies itself -- like , I 'm the right elbow -- and reports motion .
te	8	Elaine 's previously concealed left hand appeared for all to adore the princess cut diamond .
te	10	He now knows such a degree of happiness is only obtainable through Mai .
te	5	" Hello , " I said down the phone .
te	10	I assume they 're looking for you ?
te	6	The lewd gesture was so patently Reed , it made her weak in the knees .
te	10	Rick asked Abby as he slid his arm around her shoulder and cinched her up against him .
te	9	I hated having to rush .
te	11	You have to learn to trust us .
te	5	' Yes , I remember , he 's a good man .
te	7	But when he reached the falcon , there was only one .
te	8	He was afraid to sleep .
te	6	By the way , old chap , did you know that your pig -- ' YES .
te	8	With a glance at her niece 's eager expression , Claire swallowed her apprehension and began reading .
te	9	I was sending you out of the battlefield , " Jason reminds her while pointing his finger .
te	9	" You suggest we let him go free ? "
te	10	To finish what we fought so hard for . "
te	11	The face was that of a man in the control of others .
te	5	" So the split isn 't permanent ? "
te	11	It took a few seconds before Bryony realised what was happening .
te	11	She had to go down two levels before finding a free spot .
te	9	That was when one of my men brought a young woman before me .
te	7	" I lost her , " said Rafferty into the phone , " it was deliberate too .
te	11	The growling sound echoes in crescendo that brings a shiver to her spine .
te	10	the Prince asked as they bounded up the final flight of stairs .
te	7	" Mm , " he nodded his head , " this one is really good .
te	10	" This is nothing to joke about , " I snapped .
te	9	When I say modest , what I actually mean is small , really small .
te	8	You 'll no longer save some muscles in reserve and you 'll go all out till complete failure .
te	9	In seconds , they were enveloped in a thick cloud of dense , white smoke .
te	8	She had gotten Jimmy back , now he was a statue .
te	6	Dreams of power , love , revenge , redemption ... the dreams of mankind are vast , uncountable .
te	10	He hobbled out of his room with his nose in the air .
te	7	The vampire kept coming , and the closer she got , the more the bar patrons seemed to bristle and tense .
te	9	And what was the worst she could do ?
te	7	" We know the demon pig as Ganon , " he corrects with contempt .
te	9	You 're going to teach me a lesson ? "
te	10	Chris had to think a moment before he answered .
te	11	Was I right to have let her come ?
te	7	Can Toby get on the mesh and see 007 's sensors ? "
